Church music

Church music is music that is intended to be part of Christian worship in churches, chapels, cathedrals or anywhere Christians meet to worship. Church music is sacred (religious) music, but not all religious music is church music. Some music may be inspired by religion, but it may not be church music. For example, some songs are about religion, but they may not be church music. Although it uses the words of the Requiem mass, Verdi’s "Requiem", was composed for performance in a concert hall. Britten’s "War Requiem" was written for performance in a cathedral, but it was not meant to be part of a service of worship, so it would not usually be thought of as “church music”.

Church music has varied enormously during the history of Christianity as different churches kept changing their ideas about what part music should have in religious worship. Most church music is based on singing. Music written for church choirs mostly used the words of the liturgy (the words used in services). The organ is the most important musical instrument in church music, although from time to time many other instruments have been used as well.

During many periods in history composers writing for the church used traditional music rather than the newest fashions. This was particularly the case in the early 17th century when composers such as Claudio Monteverdi often wrote in two different styles: the old style for church music (which, at the time, they called “stilo antico”) and the new style for secular (non-religious) music (which they called “stilo moderno”).

During the early history of Christian worship the churches were spread through many countries in the Roman Empire. The musical traditions that already existed in these countries were used, so there was great variety. Musical instruments were associated with the devil and with dancing, and so they were thought to be wicked and were not allowed in churches. The only music that was allowed in churches was singing. In the 4th century Bishop Ambrosius of Milan introduced the antiphon and encouraged newly composed hymns. Psalms were an important part of the early Christian worship. Responsorial psalms were psalms which were sung by one person (who may have been called a “reader”), and the congregation may have responded at the end of a verse with something simple such as “Alleluia”. Gradually “antiphonal psalmody” was developed. This meant that the choir stands on opposite sides facing one another and they sing the verses of the psalm alternately (first one side has a turn, then the other). Antiphonal psalm singing can still be heard today in Anglican cathedrals.

The kind of music heard in the Catholic Church was known as chant or plainchant, often known as “Gregorian chant” (after St Gregory the Great, who was Pope from 590-604). The text (the words that were sung) were the standard words of the liturgy. The words of the Mass were set to music by many composers. Music for the dead was called Requiem Mass. There was also music for Vespers and the Compline. Until the 16th century the organ was only used to accompany the singing. In the Renaissance period many great composers such as Giovanni da Palestrina and Orlande de Lassus wrote polyphonic music for the Catholic Church. They often wrote motets: short pieces based on texts which were not part of the liturgy.

During the period called Reformation some Protestant groups broke away from the Catholic Church. From this time on Catholic and Protestant music developed in different ways.

Martin Luther started the Protestant movement in Germany. In the Lutheran church the chorale was the most important part of the musical worship. Luther himself composed many chorale tunes. These are like hymns. The great Johann Sebastian Bach based much of his organ music on the chorale (these pieces are called Chorale Preludes). The choir often sang a motet. Sometimes these choir pieces became very long and turned into cantatas. The words were not from the liturgy but made up by poets or taken from the Bible. Bach wrote about 200 cantatas for the church. He also wrote two great passions which tell the story of Jesus dying on the cross. Other composers who have contributed to Protestant church music in Europe include Heinrich Schütz, Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, Dietrich Buxtehude, Johann Pachelbel, and Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy.

Music for the Catholic Church includes instrumental music such as “church cantatas”. Arcangelo Corelli and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart wrote many examples of these. Mozart also wrote several masses. Great Italian composers of the 16th and 17th centuries who wrote church music include Giovanni Gabrieli and Claudio Monteverdi. In the 19th century Rheinberger and Max Reger wrote music in the Romantic style. French composers of this time wrote in a style which was similar to secular music.

When King Henry VIII broke away from the Catholic Church he founded his own church, known as the Anglican church. Many great composers wrote music for the Anglican service. Their music for choirs was mostly service settings and anthems. They also wrote many hymn tunes. Important composers include William Byrd (who also wrote Catholic church music) and Thomas Tallis in the Renaissance, Orlando Gibbons and Henry Purcell in the Baroque period, and in later periods Samuel Sebastian Wesley, Charles Stanford, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Edward Bairstow, William Mathias and John Rutter.

Church music in American churches developed, at first, in a similar way to European music. The Book of Common Prayer was the basis of American worship. Both Puritans and Baptists thought that congregational singing was important. In the 18th century Singing Masters from Singing Schools in the north eastern states used to travel around to try to teach people in church to sing properly. The most famous of these singing masters was William Billings. Because most people could not read, a system called Lined-out Hymnody developed, in which the priest sang a line and the congregation copied him. Later in the century, during the “First Great Awakening”, the hymn tunes of English composers such as Isaac Watts and Charles Wesley became popular.

In the 19th century people from different churches met at Camp Meetings. These were led by Evangelists. The songs reflect the belief that sinners can be saved by repenting. The music of black people and of folk music became important influences. Songs became tuneful and often had refrains. In the middle of the century Sunday Schools for children became extremely popular and many songs were written for them. Gospel songs and negro spirituals also became very widely used and influenced the development of church music in America.

The rock and roll music of the 1950s was opposed by many churchs because it was believed to encourage sin. But as churches tried to appeal to more people, they changed by adopting the sounds of this popular style. This became known as contemporary Christian music. As a result of the Jesus movement revival in the latter 1960s and early 1970s, it was originally called Jesus music. "About that time, many young people from the sixties' counterculture began to believe in Jesus.

By the 21st century, many churches of all denominations began to have "contemporary" services in which the new music was performed by a "praise band" using drums and guitars. Often the same church would have a "traditional" service at a different time in which the older hymns were sung.
By this method the church tried to attract people who liked either type of music. Some Christian radio stations also began to use contemporary music, while others kept to the old style of hymns and gospel songs.

Church music in the Orthodox Church in East European countries is always sung. It is based on the Byzantine musical tradition.


Independencia Province

Independencia (English: "Independence") is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city is Jimaní.

The Independencia province is bordered to the north by the Elías Piña and Bahoruco provinces, to the east by Barahona and to the south by the Pedernales province. To the west Independencia borders the Republic of Haiti.

It was created on 29 December 1948 but to start on 1 January 1950. It was part of the Bahoruco province before being elevated to the category of province. Its name remembers the national independence from Haiti on 27 February 1844.

The province was created with the municipalities of Jimaní, Duvergé and La Descubierta with Jimaní as capital of the province. Postrer Río became a municipality in 1982, Cristóbal in 2003 and Mella in 2004. Guayabal was made a municipal district in 1998, El Limón in 2001, La Colonia in 2004, Boca de Cachón and Vengan a Ver in 2005, and Batey 8 in 2006.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Independencia province, and 42,050 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², the second lowest in the country; only Pedernales has a lower population density.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 31th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 55,638 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Jimaní, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 10,034 inhabitants.

The Independencia province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 8th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The Sierra de Bahoruco is in the southern part of the province, and the Sierra de Neiba runs across the northwestern part of the province, on the border with the Elías Piña province. The rest of the province is part of the "Hoya de Enriquillo" (or "Neiba Valley"). In this valley is the "Lake Enriquillo", and about half of its area is part of the Independencia province.

The altitude of Jimaní, provincial capital, is .

There are few permanent rivers, with water all the time. The longest river is the Las Damas river , which flows from Sierra de Bahoruco to the Lake Enriquillo.

The main protected areas in the province are the "Parque Nacional Sierra de Baoruco" ("National park Sierra de Baoruco") and the "Parque Nacional Lago Enriquillo" ("National park Enriquillo Lake").

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 6 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.


Psychedelic music

Psychedelic music is a term referring to different music styles and genres, such as psychedelic rock, psychedelic folk, psychedelic pop, psychedelic soul, psychedelic ambient, psychedelic trance, psychedelic techno, and others. Often people use the words acid rock to refer to the more intense and loud forms of psychedelic rock, particularly many of the jam bands and heavy rock groups of the late 1960s. Psychedelic music can apply to almost any kind of music, even classical.

Paraná

Paraná, Paranã or Parana may refer to:







Paraná, Argentina

Paraná is the capital city of the Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.

Between 1854 and 1861 it was the capital of Argentina

The city is on the coast of the Paraná River about 470 km from Buenos Aires.

Its population is about 237,968 inhabitants.


Chubut Province

Chubut is a Province of Argentina. It is in the region called Patagonia.

Some important cities are Comodoro Rivadavia, Trelew, Puerto Madryn, Rawson and Esquel.

The province borders Río Negro in the north, Santa Cruz in the south, and Chile to the west.

Comodoro Rivadavia

Comodoro Rivadavia is the largest city of the Chubut Province, Argentina. The city is on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean about 1.733 km from Buenos Aires. About 135,632 people live there.


San Miguel de Tucumán

San Miguel de Tucumán (usually called simply Tucumán) is the capital of the Tucumán Province; it is in northern Argentina from Buenos Aires. The Spanish Conquistador Diego de Villarroel founded the city in 1565 during an expedition from present-day Peru. The city was moved to its present site in 1685.

The city, with the name of San Miguel de Tucumán y Nueva Tierra de Promisión, was founded on 31 May 1565 by Diego de Villarroel in the place called "Campos de Ibatín", about to the southwest of the present city. Then, in 1685, the town was moved to where it is now because of the low quality of the water.

On 24 September 1812, the "Battle of Tucumán" took place near the city, when the Spanish army was defeated by the army led by Manuel Belgrano. The act of the Independence was signed at the "Casa de Tucumán" ("Tucumán House").

The city is surrounded by the departments

The city is on the slopes of the "Aconquija" mountains along the Salí river. The altitude in the centre of the city is . It is the commercial centre of an irrigated area that produces sugarcane, rice, tobacco, and fruits.

San Miguel de Tucumán has an area of and a population of 548,866, in 2010, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

San Miguel de Tucumán has a humid subtropical climate (subtype Cfa in the Köppen climate classification).

The average temperature for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Some interesting places in San Miguel de Tucumán are:

San Miguel de Tucumán is twinned with:


Wikio

Wikio is a European search engine developed by Pierre Chappaz.


Sky News

Sky News is a free to air and television pay channel news broadcasting station in the United Kingdom. It has won Number One News award of the year. This channel is available to Sky TV and Freeview.

On 8 June 1988, Rupert Murdoch announced plans to start a new television news service in a speech to the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Sky News started broadcasting at 6 pm on 5 February 1989.

IZarc

IZArc is a file archiver for Microsoft Windows developed by Bulgarian programmer Ivan Zahariev. The program is freeware, but not open source. IZarc can open the most commonly used archive formats, like zip, rar, gzip, tar.gz, bzip2, and 7z, and others many less common formats (48 in total). IZarc has an integration in Windows Explorer and has an Virus Scan feature. IZarc can also do CD image conversions.

IZArc (as of version 3.81) can support and open the following file formats: 7z, A, ACE, ARC, ARJ, B64, BH,
BIN, BZ2, BZA, C2D, CAB, CDI, CPIO, DEB, ENC, GCA, GZ, GZA, HA, IMG, ISO, IZE, JAR, LHA, LIB, LZH, MBF, MDF,
MIM, NRG, PAK, PDI, PK3, RAR, RPM, TAR, TAZ, TBZ, TGZ, TZ, UUE, WAR, XXE, YZ1, Z, ZIP, ZOO.

IZArc does not support ISO editing and does not support Unicode. 

IZArc is also available as a portable application called IZArc2Go. It includes all features and functions of the permanently installed version, except explorer "shell-menu" and the ability to associate file types with it.

It has been awarded by several well-known download sites, such as FileTransit, SnapFiles, SoftNews, Softpedia, WebAttack, because is a software user friendly and can open many formats.



Digital divide

Digital divide is the gap between parts of the world where access to information technology is very different. Developed countries have plentiful internet, mobile phones, computers and Wi-Fi. Other parts of the world do not. It is the difference of people that can access the internet, and the people that cannot. 

A digital divide can be born for many reasons like socioeconomic problems (few people are rich and many are poor), racial problems (there is a majority or a minority that controls the other), or geographical problems (in the cities there are technologies but there are not in rural areas). 

Countries on the rich side of the divide include Canada, the United States, Japan, South Korea, Europe and Australasia. They have big communication infrastructure, and most people can afford computers and other technology. On the poor side is Latin America, Africa, and Southeast Asia, where there are many social problems. Technology has a long way to go before getting interest in those countries, because of problems like the price of technology and the fact that sometimes there are not any resources to help.

In some parts of the world there is a large digital divide. Sometimes it is just in half of a country, or just a region, for example Africa. As with other things like education or transport, some people have things that others don't have. There are big cities where technologies are cheap and there are many villages and rural communities where there is no digital/electronic technology. In this case the digital divide creates other problems. Because a part of the country is rich and another part is poor, there are often problems with trading and connections.

Adobe Dreamweaver

Dreamweaver is a computer program that is used to make web pages. It was created by Macromedia. Macromedia is now owned by Adobe Systems. It can be used on either Windows computers or Macintosh computers. It can be used to make CSS, JavaScript, and other web technologies.

Version 6 of Dreamweaver allows syntax highlighting for the following languages out of the box:



Michael Morpurgo

Sir Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo (born 5 October 1943) is a British writer. Michael Morpurgo grew up in London during a war there. He was a teacher, but the book "Poetry in the Making" by Ted Hughes, made him decide to write instead of teaching. He is the author of over one hundred books, mostly for children, many of which have given many prizes and awards.
Five of his books have been made into films. "My Friend Walter" (1988) and "Out of the Ashes" (2001) have both been made into television.


Aachen (district)

The district of Aachen ("Kreis Aachen") is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The city of Aachen is not part of the district.

The modern district was made in 1975 by joining the old districts of Aachen and Monschau, and some parts of the districts of Düren, Jülich and Schleiden as well as the Selfkant district.
The top of the coat of arms shows the black lion, the sign of Jülich, as the district contains mostly former parts of the duchy of Jülich. In the bottom the swan on a deer antler is the sign of the city of Burtscheid, which was the capital of the district until it was incorporated into the city of Aachen.


Borken (district)

Borken is a "Landkreis" (rural district, or county) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1975 the district was made by joining the old district of Ahaus, the city of Bocholt and small parts of the districts of Rees, Recklinghausen and Coesfeld.


Coesfeld (district)

Coesfeld () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, west of the city of Münster.


Düren (district)

Düren is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by joining the old districts of Jülich and Düren. Both districts date back to 1816 when the new Prussian province of Rhineland was created.

The coat of arms shows the lion from the city of Jülich in the upper part. In the bottom it has a paper roll with the capital letter D for Düren, because the paper industry has long history. The coat of arms were granted in 1942 and confirmed in 1972.


Euskirchen (district)

Euskirchen (German: "Kreis Euskirchen", Kölsch: "Kriis Öskerche") is a Kreis (district) in the south-west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1827 a small district around the city of Euskirchen was made. In 1932 the district of Rheinbach was split up. Euskirchen district got the southern part of Rheinbach. In 1972 the Euskirchen district grew again because the district of Schleiden wa sput into Euskirchen rural district.


Gütersloh (district)

Gütersloh () is a Kreis (district) in the north-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

"Kreis Gütersloh" was made in 1973 when all of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia, where changed. The old districts of Halle and Wiedenbrück were joined, and parts of the districts of Bielefeld, Paderborn, Beckum and Warendorf were added to the new district.

Some important companies are located in the district of Gütersloh:


Heinsberg (district)

Heinsberg is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The area became Prussian in 1815. To help govern its new land Prussia made three districts Heinsberg, Erkelenz and Geilenkirchen in 1816. In 1932 the districts of Heinsberg and Geilenkirchen were joined, and in 1972 the Erkelenz district was joined to the others as well. In 1975 the municipality of Niederkrüchten was moved to the district Viersen. That was the last change to the district's size



Loco

Loco could mean:


Decibel

A decibel (or dB) measures ratios of power or intensity. It expresses them as an exponential function. One bel is a power ratio of 10:1, and is divided into ten decibels. An increase of three decibels is approximately a doubling of power. Decibels are often used in measuring telecommunication signals. With electric audio signals, there are several decibel units, relative to several bases. For example, dBm is relative to one milliwatt.

It's been said that the smallest difference humans can hear is 0 dB and is related to the Absolute threshold of hearing, although this is very subjective at best.

The bel unit was named after Alexander Graham Bell. This unit was so rough that it is more typical to use the decibel, which is one bel divided by ten. Before bels, there was the Transmission Unit (TU).

Often, decibels are used to say how loud a sound is relative to the threshold of hearing. The decibel is not an SI unit. The table here uses dB as units of sound to indicate consensus on hearing protection. Some examples of sounds are:

Hearing protection can also be used to shield from ear damage. This table gives some safe limits for the level of sound so that the ears are not damaged.

Alfredo Panzini

Alfredo Panzini (31 December 1863 – 10 April 1939) was an Italian writer. Panzini was a student of Giosuè Carducci at the University of Bologna. Panzini worked as a secondary school teacher before becoming a writer. 


Bättwil

Bättwil is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Büren, Solothurn

Büren is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Büren

Büren can be any of the following places:





Büsserach

Büsserach is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Deitingen

Deitingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Derendingen, Switzerland

Derendingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Derendingen

Derendingen can be one of two municipalities:


Kochan

Kochan is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It has rich history, dating back to the 8th century BC. The village also has rich culture and beautiful nature. The population is almost completely Muslim.

Dornach

Dornach is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
The Battle of Dornach was fought here.


Dulliken

Dulliken is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Däniken, Solothurn

Däniken is a municipality in the Olten district in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. Rich people live in the upper half of Däniken. Others live in the lower half. That half has a nuclear power plant. Its name is Gösgen. Däniken has a lot of industry. 


Däniken (disambiguation)

Däniken can mean:


Egerkingen

Egerkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Eppenberg-Wöschnau

Eppenberg-Wöschnau is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Erlinsbach, Solothurn

Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2006 when the former municipalities of Niedererlinsbach and Obererlinsbach became the municipality of Erlinsbach.


Erschwil

Erschwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Etziken

Etziken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Fehren

Fehren is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Flumenthal

Flumenthal is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Fulenbach

Fulenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Gempen

Gempen is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

General Educational Development

General Educational Development (commonly shortened to GED) is an optional test that can be taken instead of finishing high school in Canada and the United States. The test covers basic understanding of science, mathematics, social studies, reading, and writing. The sole developer of these tests is the publisher Pearson Education. Versions are available in Spanish and French.

Only some people can take the GED, depending on where they live. To take the test, a person usually may not be enrolled in high school and may not have already graduated from high school. The person taking the test must be at least 16 years old.


Górnik Zabrze

Górnik Zabrze is one of the most successful Polish football clubs, based in Zabrze, Poland. They started in 1948. The word "górnik" means "miner". In 2006, the club was bought by the German financial and investments company, Allianz.

They have won polish football league 14 times and the polish cup 6 times. They play at the Ernest Pohl Stadium in Zabrze.



Gerlafingen

Gerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Grenchen

Grenchen () is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

With a population of around 16,000 people, it is one of the largest municipalities in the canton of Solothurn.

In the year 1000, a castle was built in Grenchen and was lived in for a few hundred years, but the name Grenchen was not first used until 1131. Its name comes from the Gallo-Romanic word "graneca", which means "by the grainery".


Gretzenbach

Gretzenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Herford (district)

Herford () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northeastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Grindel, Switzerland

Grindel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Gunzgen

Gunzgen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Hochsauerlandkreis

Hochsauerland is a Landkreis (rural district, or county) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The district was established in 1975 in the reorganization of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia by joining the old districts Arnsberg, Brilon and Meschede.


Höxter (district)

Höxter () is a Kreis (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1816 the new Prussian government created three districts in the area, Höxter, Brakel and Warburg. In 1832 Höxter and Brakel were joined as Höxter.

The present district was created in 1975 when the former districts Warburg and Höxter were merged. At the same time the municipalities in the district were joined to form the ten cities that exist today.


Kleve (district)

Kleve Rural District or Kreis Kleve is a local-government district in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 when the former districts of Kleve and Geldern were joined with the towns of Emmerich and Rees from Rees District and the municipality of Rheurdt from Moers District .


Duck Hunt

Duck Hunt is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) game system. The game was made by Nintendo, and was released in 1984 in Japan. In "Duck Hunt", players use the NES Zapper to shoot ducks on screen to get points. The ducks come onto the screen one or two at a time, and the player is given three shots to shoot them down. 

"Duck Hunt" was one of the two first Pack-in games for the NES. The game did not get many reviews, but many gamers enjoyed playing it, and many people said it was a good game. Before Nintendo made the game, it also made a "Duck Hunt" game about the Laser Clay Shooting System released in 1976.

In "Duck Hunt", players use the Nintendo Zapper Light Gun that must be plugged into their NES consoles. Then they try to shoot down ducks or clay pigeons. "Duck Hunt" was also released as an arcade game in 1984, and was also in the PlayChoice-10 arcade console.

The game has three modes: one-duck mode, with only one duck on the screen; two-duck mode, with two on the screen; and a third mode called "clay pigeon shooting". The clay pigeons are much smaller than the ducks and are harder to hit. Players need faster reaction time when playing this mode than when shooting ducks. In "Vs. Duck Hunt", Clay Shooting mode is the second mode after two-duck mode, because the arcade "Duck Hunt" games never had a one-duck mode. 

During the game, there is a dog that laughs at the player if no duck is hit. If the player hits a duck, the dog will congratulate them. A popular urban legend is that players have found a way to shoot the dog. This cannot happen in "Duck Hunt", but it can happen in a bonus round of the arcade game "Vs. Duck Hunt". 

"Duck Hunt" does not have a way for more than one person to shoot ducks, but a second player may plug in a NES controller in the other controller port and control the duck that appears. This only can happen in one-duck mode, and can not be done with the clay pigeons.

Nobody knows much about the development of "Duck Hunt", but Nintendo Research & Development 1 made the game. They also created the Light Gun used in "Duck Hunt". Work on the game was led by Takehiro Izushi, and was produced by Gunpei Yokoi. 

"Duck Hunt" has been placed in several cartridges with more than one game. In the Action Set cartridge of the NES in the 1980s, "Duck Hunt" came with "Super Mario Bros.". If a player bought the NES system with the Power Pad, then "Duck Hunt" came on a 3-in-1 cartridge that also had "World Class Track Meet" and "Super Mario Bros".

The music was composed, or written, by Koji Kondo and Hirokazu "Hip" Tanaka. Both men made music for other Nintendo games at the time, such as Metroid. Some people have called the sound effects, "pretty much what you'd expect for a game from the early 1980s - that is, awful by today's standards...", but the game's music was played on the Video Games Live concert tour.

Because it was made in the 1980's, "Duck Hunt" did not get very many reviews. Most critics have not reviewed "Duck Hunt". All Game Guide called the game an "attractive but repetitive target shooter" and "utterly mindless ... the game is fun for a short time, but gets old after a few rounds of play." Video Game Critic, another website, gave the game a review in 2004, scoring the game a "D". It said, "there's really not much substance to it ... overall Duck Hunt is pretty lame, and only worth playing for a trip down memory lane." Video game players say that they like the game. IGN users gave it an 8.7 out of 10, and the GameSpot users gave the Mario-Duck Hunt cartridge a 9.1 out of 10. It was rated the 155th best game made on a Nintendo System in Nintendo Powers Top 200 Games list.

"Duck Hunt", and the characters in it, have been in other video games since the game first came out in the 1980s. The dog in "Duck Hunt" has appeared in "Barker Bill's Trick Shooting" and can be shot in the "Balloon Saloon" game. In "Super Smash Bros. Melee", a trophy shows the ducks from "Duck Hunt". Also, games in the "WarioWare, Inc." series have games about "Duck Hunt". Level 19 in Tetris DS is also about "Duck Hunt"

One of the games in "Wii Play" for the Wii console is Shooting, a game that is similar to "Duck Hunt". The game replaces the light gun used in the NES game with the Wii controller, and it has a targeting reticle that "Duck Hunt" did not have. The new game also has different things to shoot, such as UFOs and targets, and has a two player mode. 


Pack-in game

Pack-in games are video games that come with a game system. They are often in the same box as the game system, which is why they are called pack-in games. Pack-in games are used to help show players how to use the system the game came with, such as the game "Wii Sports" for the Wii system. It is made to show people how to play Wii.

Lippe (district)

Lippe () is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district of Lippe is named after the Lords of Lippe and their Principality of Lippe. It was a state within the Holy Roman Empire and today is a district of Northrhine-Westphalia.

The last prince of Lippe was forced to abdicate in 1918 after the end of World War I when Germany became a republic, his country became a "Freistaat" (Free State) in the German republic. In 1932 the state was divided into two districts, Detmold and Lemgo.

In 1973 the two districts Lemgo and Detmold were merged to the district Lippe.

The most famous dish served in Lippe is the Pickert. In the past it was known as a meal for poor people. The main ingredients are potatoes, flour and raisins.


Hybrid Theory

Hybrid Theory is the first studio album by Linkin Park. Linkin Park is an American rock band. The album was released on October 24, 2000. Warner Bros. Records released it. Don Gilmore produced the album. The album had four singles. They were named "One Step Closer", "In the End", "Crawling" and "Papercut".

Before Linkin Park was known as "Linkin Park," they were known as Xero. After Mark Wakefield left Xero, Chester Bennington joined, and their name was changed to "Hybrid Theory." They produced a demo tape with nine songs and sent it to several record companies, but they all refused to sponsor Linkin Park. Eventually, they were signed by Warner Bros. Records in 2000.

Most of the songs on "Hybrid Theory" came from early versions of them that Xero recorded with Mark Wakefield.

The songs were mostly about Chester Bennington's problems as a child, such as child abuse, social isolation, the divorce of his parents, and drug abuse. Bennington and Mike Shinoda have said that the songs turned into songs about "everyday emotions that you talk about and think about."

In 2002, all of the songs were remixed for Linkin Park's fourth album, "Reanimation".


Four of the songs from "Hybrid Theory" were released as singles: "One Step Closer," Crawling, "Papercut," and "In the End." They were all very popular and appeared on charts. "Runaway" was not a single, but it also appeared on charts.

Critics had mixed opinions of "Hybrid Theory". The magazines "Rolling Stone", "PopMatters", "The Village Voice" and "Sputnikmusic" liked the album. Robert Christgau from "The Village Voice" enjoyed listening to "Papercut" and "Points of Authority."

However, "Allmusic" and "NME" did not like the album. They thought it was a generic rock and heavy metal album, and not very creative.

Hybrid Theory EP

Hybrid Theory EP is an EP by the American nu metal/alternative rock band Linkin Park that was recorded and released in 1999. At this time, Linkin Park were called "Hybrid Theory", making this EP a self-titled EP named after the band.

It was Linkin Park's first record. Before it, in 1997, the band only made a demo tape called "Xero". The band changed its name later in 1999, after Chester Bennington replaced Mark Wakefield as the lead singer.

Only one thousand were made, and the EP was sent to different record labels, including Warner Bros. Records. The rest of the copies of the EP were sent to the first members of Linkin Park's fan club.

On November 19, 2001, Linkin Park Underground, Linkin Park's fan club, was made. The first fan club package that was sent to members had a new edition of "Hybrid Theory EP", with a note from the band. The first 500 copies of the CD were signed by all 6 members of the band.

The only ways to get the EP are to buy it from eBay, or win a contest in the Linkin Park Underground when the EP is awarded as a contest prize. But the prizes awarded by the LPU are the original EP.



ISO 3166-2:GB

ISO 3166-2:GB is an International Organization for Standardization (ISO) coding system that gives geocodes to administrative divisions of the United Kingdom:
The Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are not part of the UK, but ISO offers codes for them under "GB-".

The first part of each code is the ISO 3166-1 code GB for the United Kingdom. The second part is a three-letter code which is the same as in the British Standard BS 6879.

The ISO has also issued codes for some areas with Welsh names and codes.
These codes are used by the BS. They were added to ISO 3166-2 in Newsletter 9, except for the Isle of Man and Channel Islands:


BS also has Welsh language code for Welsh names of Wales and its subdivisions, where they differ from the English language names. These are not listed here.



San José de Ocoa Province

San José de Ocoa is a Dominican province; it is on the southern side of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range"). Its capital has the same name, San José de Ocoa.

It was created on 6 September 2000 but it started on 1 January 2001. It was a municipality of the Peravia province before being raised to the category of province.

The province is named after its capital city, San José de Ocoa. "Ocoa" is the name of the river that crosses the province; it is a Taíno word that means "a place with many mountains".

Bartolomé de Las Casas was the first person that wrote about the region when he said that "Maniey" (now, "Maniel") was a Taíno province. Maniey or Maniel meant "a place where there are peanuts"; mani () is the Taíno word for peanut. Peter Martyr d'Anghiera did not write about the "Maniey" but he wrote about a lake in the region of Rancho Arriba; there is not a lake (or lakes) there anymore, only a swamp.

For a long time, the region was visited only by "monteros" (men that hunted wild cows and pigs). Then some "s" (runaway slaves) came to live here, in the high mountains of the region. One settlement was called "Maniel"; since then, Maniel meant in Hispaniola a place where maroons live and not only the name of the region. 

The first settlement by maroons in the region is from the beginning of the 16th century and was called Maniel Viejo de Ocoa. This settlement lasted until 1666 or 1667 because many people died from smallpox and measles that affected the island in those years. There was also a military action in the region to capture maroons.

The second settlement was during the first years of the 19th century (around 1802), and it is known as Maniel de los Lorenzos ("Lorenzos' Maniel") because of the last name ("Lorenzo") of its founders. It was founded at El Canal, north of the city of San José de Ocoa.

Very soon some families from Baní, on the south, began to move to the region and made their houses at what is now the city of San José de Ocoa.

During the Dominican War of Independence (1844), there were two important battles in the region: the battles of "El Memiso" and of "El Pinar", won by Dominican soldiers. So the Haitian soldiers could not go on to Santo Domingo, and had to go back to Haiti.

In December 1858, San José de Ocoa was made a municipality of the old province of Santo Domingo; in 1895, it was changed to a municipality of the Azua province. With the creation of the Peravia, San José de Ocoa was a municipality of that new province. Then, on 6 September 2000, San José de Ocoa was made a new province with the northern half of the Peravia province and with the municipalities of San José de Ocoa, Rancho Arriba and Sabana Larga, and the municipal district of La Ciénaga.

In 2004, Nizao-Las Auyamas and El Pinar became municipal districts, and El Naranjal in 2006.

San José de Ocoa is bordered to the north by the Monseñor Nouel and La Vega provinces, to the east by San Cristóbal, to the south by the Peravia, and to the west by Azua.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San José de Ocoa province, and 37,466 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 29th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 56,565 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San José de Ocoa, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 22,383 inhabitants.

The San José de Ocoa province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 26th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San José de Ocoa, is above sea level.

The most important river is the Ocoa river, that flows through the province from north to south.

There are 3 municipalities and 4 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are coffee, beans and potatoes. Other vegetables, such as cabbage and carrots, are also grown as well as some tropical fruits (avocado and mango).

Compilation album

A compilation album is an album of songs, made by different recording artists, or by one group or artist at different times. Some compilations are greatest hits albums, which feature the biggest hit records of a given year, or a certain genre of music, or artists from the same era or location. 

Others are called "best-ofs" or anthology albums that are picked as favorites by the person who puts together the new album. Some compilations include only the biggest record chart hits, while others may include B-sides, hard-to-find songs, or songs that were not released earlier.

The Land Before Time

The Land Before Time is a 1988 movie produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Don Bluth. It was released on November 18, 1988, along with "Oliver & Company". The movie's success led to thirteen direct-to-video sequels and a TV show. "The Little Mermaid" was later released on November 17, 1989. It is the second of three animated features to have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. "The Black Cauldron" and "Rock-a-Doodle" were also nominated for Best Picture in their respective years. The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, beating two Disney films, "The Rescuers Down Under" and "The Great Mouse Detective", as well as Best Sound Editing at the 77th Academy Awards.

An orphaned long-neck dinosaur named Littlefoot goes off in search of the legendary Great Valley, a place with many plants where dinosaurs live in peace. Along the way, he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species. They encounter several problems as they learn to work together and survive.

There are five main characters known as the "Gang of Five:"

Littlefoot: The leader of the gang, Littlefoot is a "long-neck," the in-universe name for Brontosaurus/Apatosaurus Hybrid. He is brave, and good at making decisions. He lives with his grandparents in the Great Valley.

Cera: A "three-horn," also known as a Triceratops. She is stubborn and does not trust easily. She is the most aggressive of the group. She lives with her father for most of the movies, but gains a new mother in the 11th movie and a younger sister in the 12th movie.

Ducky: Ducky has been called a "Swimmer," "Big Mouth," and "Duckfoot" on screen, so it is not known for sure what kind of dinosaur Ducky is. She looks most like a Saurolophus, but she is called a Parasaurolophus on the Land Before Time Website . She is the nicest of the group, and trusts others easily. She lives with her mother (though her father does not appear) and says in the sixth film that she is one of thirteen twins, although the original series tht she is one of four. She also has her adopted brother Spike.

Petrie: A "flyer," or a Pteranodon. He gets scared very easily and is too trusting, but he is loyal and can be brave at important times. He lives with his mother and brothers.

Spike: The youngest of the group. He is a "Spiketail," which is a Stegosaurus. Spike does not talk, though it was shown in the 4th movie that he can when he wants to. He enjoys eating and lets Ducky sit on his back if she needs to. Ducky is his older sister, since she adopted him during the first movie. He lives with Ducky's family.

Also of note is a "Sharptooth" named Chomper, who was born in the 2nd movie and was so popular with fans that he returned in the 5th movie and the TV series. He is friends with all the main characters, despite his natural instincts telling him to eat them.


In addition to the movies, there is "The Land Before Time: Sing-Along Songs" (1997) and 
"The Land Before Time: More Sing-Along Songs" (1999)

After the success of the original movie and its sequels, a television series based on the movies began airing on YTV in Canada as a test on January 5, 2007. It aired in Canada, Britain, and the United States of America, and had 26 episodes. It then aired on Cartoon Network in the United States on March 5, 2007 where it was animated after the DVD release of "The Land Before Time XII: The Great Day of the Flyers". In the UK, it was once shown just on Boomerang, showing every day at 4pm, but it is now programmed on its sister preschool channel Cartoonito. It brought back Chomper as a main character, and introduced a new friend, an Oviraptor named Ruby, who helps the other dinosaurs learn lessons and solve problems. This was the second Bluth film not to include any songs, the first one being "All Dogs Go to Heaven".


BSC Young Boys

BSC Young Boys (official Berner Sport Club Young Boys) is a Swiss football football club of the Swiss capital, Berne. The BSC Young Boys played since 2005 in the Stade de Suisse, where in former times the “legendary” Wankdorf stadium stood.

The FC Young Boys club was founded on 14 March 1898, taking its name in contrast to the existing club "Old Boys Basel". The club played its first game, against FC Viktoria on the following 17 June. It won the Swiss Championship three years in succession, in 1909, 1910, and 1911.





Adobe Inc.

Adobe is an American software company. Most of their products are for creating, such as Adobe Flash, Adobe Dreamweaver and Adobe Photoshop. Adobe products on their website can be downloaded, and used for a limited trial period, and paid for unlimited use.

Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects, Audition, Character Animator, and Prelude use Adobe Media Encoder to export files made using the software to a users computer. Adobe Media Encoder can also be used to export files in software not made by Adobe.

As of 2022, Adobe has more than 26,000 employees worldwide.



George Bush

There have been two different presidents of the United States that are both named George Bush.


Märkischer Kreis

The Märkischer Kreis is a district ("Kreis") in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 as part of the reorganisation of North Rhine-Westphalian districts.

The district is twinned with

The district is led by a "Landrat". The headquarters of the government of the county are in Lüdenscheid, but there are county halls with parts of the administration in Iserlohn and Altena, too. The police headquarters of the county are in Iserlohn.
The county council meets in the county hall in Iserlohn. Its last election was on September 26 2004.

Mettmann Rural District

Mettmann is a Kreis (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In the district is the valley of the small river "Düssel", the "Neanderthal", where the fossils of the human species Neanderthals were first found.


Minden-Lübbecke

Minden-Lübbecke is a district in north-eastern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The modern district was formed in 1973 when the two districts of Minden and Lübbecke joined to become one district.


Oberbergischer Kreis

The Oberbergische Kreis is a Landkreis (rural district) in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

"Oberbergische" means "Upper Bergian", meaning it is the part of the medieval county of Berg which is up river. The other part of the county, lower down the river Wupper was called Niederbergisch or Lower Berg.

The districts in North Rhine Westphalia were changed between 1969/75.


Since the October 1st, 1999 there is only one (directly elected) District Administrator who at the same time is head of management:



Olpe (district)

Olpe is a Kreis (district) in the south-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1817 as "Bilsteiner Kreis", in 1819 the capital was moved to Olpe. During the reorganization of the districts in 1969 several of the municipalities in the district were joined together to become cities, but the district itself was only changed a little bit. Even in the second reorganization 1974 it stayed nearly in the same borders as in 1817.


Paderborn (district)

Paderborn () is a Kreis (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Paderborn became a part of Prussia in 1802. After the Napoleonic wars when Prussia created the province Westphalia it split Paderborn into two districts - Paderborn and Büren. In 1975 these two districts were joined together again to make the current Paderborn district.


Recklinghausen (district)

Recklinghausen () is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis

The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Rhein-Erft-Kreis

The Rhein-Erft-Kreis is a district in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district in its current borders was created in 1975, when the previous rural districts of Bergheim and Cologne were merged. On November 1, 2003 the district was renamed from "Erftkreis" to "Rhein-Erft-Kreis".

The main river in the district is the Erft, which also gave it the name. The Erft flows through the foothills of the Eifel, on the left side of the Rhine river.


Rhein-Kreis Neuss

Neuss is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1975 the urban district of Neuss lost its independent status and was merged into the Grevenbroich district, which was renamed to "Kreis Neuss". On May 26 2003 it changed its name, and is now officially called "Rhein-Kreis Neuss".


The Gong Show

The Gong Show is an American television game show, that was produced in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It was created and hosted by Chuck Barris. The show's name came from a gong used to shorten performances that were not liked. The gong was sounded by celebrity judges, who rated the performers.

In the mid-1970s, Barris hoped to make a new kind of game show, based on the old "amateur hour" contest shows. He held auditions to find talented acts to appear. Nearly all the performers who came to the auditions were ordinary people, who had one or two skills, or thought they had special talent. Many of the performances were "party pieces", that people did to amuse others. Others were more serious, and tried hard to perform well.

Most of the acts made Barris and his staff laugh. They thought their idea for a show would not work, because of the strange and funny performances. Barris then realized that audiences might want to watch them for amusement. He and his staff began to look for funny and unusual acts. The show debuted in 1976, and became a hit.

Two versions of "The Gong Show" aired at first: A nighttime version, hosted by radio announcer Gary Owens, and a daytime version, hosted by Barris himself. Barris later took over the nighttime version also. Each version worked the same, but featured different judges and performers. A live band played music for the performances. Live audiences attended each show, and cheered on the acts they liked. When they did not like an act, they would call on the judges to "Gong 'em!" If a judge sounded the gong, the act had to stop, and lost their chance for a prize. The performer who rated highest with the judges won a cash prize. (The "prize" was mostly for show; all the performers were paid the same, whether they won or not.)

Many celebrities served as judges on the show, including Jaye P. Morgan and Jamie Farr. One well-known comedian, Murray Langston, performed on the show with a paper bag over his head. He called himself the "Unknown Comic", and told simple jokes when he appeared onstage. Langston won his round, and was invited back to appear other times. Many people wondered who the Unknown Comic really was. Langston later admitted he had appeared on the show just for some quick cash, because he needed money. He hid his identity so his performance would not hurt his comedy career, since he was already well-known.

No real stars were made by "Gong Show" appearances, but thousands of people got a chance to perform on national television, and others got the chance to watch. One popular member of the show's cast was "Gene, Gene, the Dancing Machine", who would dance in front of the show's band between acts. Barris himself was also well-liked by the audience. He treated all the performers on the show kindly and seriously, and hosted the show like it was a party.

Many of the acts who auditioned for "The Gong Show" were not suitable for television, or for times when children or families might watch. Some of these acts appeared in a movie, which was released in 1980.

In time, new and unusual acts became hard to find, as more people performed on "The Gong Show". The television audience also lost interest. Barris was tired from working on the show. "The Gong Show" was cancelled by 1982. Reruns came later, but they also stopped with time.

Today, "The Gong Show" is remembered fondly by the people who watched it. Amateur talent contests still sometimes feature a gong, for when an act does not go over well. (They are rarely used.)

Barris wrote a memoir, titled "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", that talked about his time on the show.

Rhein-Sieg-Kreis

The Rhein-Sieg-Kreis is a district in south North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It nearly completely surrounds the city of Bonn.

The district as known today was created in 1969, during the reorganization of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia, by combining Sieg District with the Rural District of Bonn.


Provinces of Peru

The table below shows all provinces of Peru. It lists their capitals and the regions that they are in. The UBIGEO code identifies each province. Capitals in bold are also a regional capital. Provinces that have the region's capital all have an UBIGEO code ending in codice_1.

Gänsbrunnen

Gänsbrunnen was a municipality in Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. The French name for Gänsbrunnen is "Saint-Joseph". On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Gänsbrunnen and Welschenrohr merged to form the new municipality of Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen.


Günsberg

Günsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Halten

Halten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Herbetswil

Herbetswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Hochwald, Switzerland

Hochwald is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. The name means "high forest".

Chuck Barris

Charles Hirsch Barris (June 3, 1929 - March 21, 2017) was an American game show creator, producer, and host. He was best known as the creator of many popular television game shows. Some of his most famous shows were "The Dating Game", "The Newlywed Game" and "The Gong Show". These shows appeared on American television from the mid-1960s until the early 1980s.

Barris was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Drexel University.

Early in his career, Barris tried songwriting. One of his songs, "Palisades Park", was a hit record for Freddy Cannon, a popular singer.

Barris got his start in television as a page and later staffer at NBC in New York, and eventually worked backstage at the TV music show "American Bandstand".

Barris was promoted to the daytime programming division at ABC in Los Angeles and was put in charge of deciding which game shows ABC would air. Before long, Barris admitted to his bosses that he disliked all the shows he was given to choose from, and believed he could make better ones. They suggested that he quit his programming job and become a show producer himself.

Barris first became successful during 1965 with his first game show creation "The Dating Game" on ABC. The next year Barris began "The Newlywed Game".

He went on to create several other short-lived games for ABC in the 1960s and for syndication in the 1970s, all of which revolved around a common theme: the game play normally derived its interest (and oftentimes, humor) from the excitement, vulnerability, embarrassment, or anger of female contestants or participants in the game. 

Barris became a public figure in a big way in 1976, when he produced - and served as the host of the talent contest spoof "The Gong Show", which he packaged in partnership with TV producer Chris Bearde. The show's cult stature far outstripped the two years it spent on NBC (1976-78) and the four years it ran in syndication (1976-1980).

After "The Gong Show" went off the air, Barris kept a lower profile (did not attract as much attention), but still worked in television. In the 1980s, he published a memoir, "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind". Barris claimed in the book to have been a CIA (Central Intelligence Agency) agent and assassin, who regretted his earlier life. He also regretted making "puerile" (childish) television shows, that catered to poor taste. It was republished in the 1990s.

Many people believe "Confessions" does not tell a true story. Others are not sure if it is fact or fiction. Some, including celebrities who knew Barris, do not know or care, and enjoy his stories as entertainment. The CIA itself denies Barris ever worked for them.

George Clooney made "Confessions" into a movie, starring Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore and Julia Roberts.

Barris was married to Lyn Levy from 1957 until they divorced in 1976. He later married Robin Altman from 1980 until they divorced in 1999. He later married Mary Rudolph in 2000. Barris had one child with Levy.

Barris died on March 21, 2017 of natural causes at his home in Palisades, New York at the age of 87.


Chachapoyas Province

Chachapoyas is a province of Amazonas Region, Peru.

Chachapoyas is divided into twenty-one districts, which are:


Cusco Province

Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in southern Peru.

The province has eight districts (Spanish: "distritos", singular: "distrito"). Each of the districts are led by a mayor ("alcalde"). The districts, with their capitals, are:


Hofstetten-Flüh

Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Hubersdorf

Hubersdorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Hägendorf

Hägendorf is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Härkingen

Härkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Kappel

Kappel can be one of four places:

In Switzerland:

In Germany:

Kappel, Switzerland

Kappel is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Kestenholz

Kestenholz is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Genealogy website 

Star Search

Star Search is an American television game show, hosted by Ed McMahon. It began in the 1980s, and new versions appeared in the 1990s and 2000s.

"Star Search" is a talent competition, where performers compete for prizes, including contract offers from different companies. Musical performers, dancers, models, comedians, and other kinds of talented people appear. Winners are chosen by celebrity judges, and also audience votes.

Some of the celebrities to win "Star Search" competitions include singers Tiffany and Christina Aguilera, and comedienne Rosie O'Donnell.

Kleinlützel

Kleinlützel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Kriegstetten

Kriegstetten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Siegen-Wittgenstein

Siegen-Wittgenstein is a landkreis (rural district or county) in the southeast of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1816 – 17 the two districts of Siegen and Wittgenstein were made as parts of the Prussian province of Westphalia. In 1974 the two districts were merged, and in 1984 the district changed its name to Siegen-Wittgenstein.

On the coat of arms, the two upper sections show, to the right, the arms of the Dukes of Nassau, who founded Siegen, and to the left, those of the Counts of Sayn-Wittgenstein. At the bottom a miner's lamp and a coppicing hook are pictured, to remember the mining and charcoal-burning history of the district.


Soest (district)

Soest () is a Kreis (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Steinfurt Rural District

Steinfurt is a "Kreis" (district) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Neighboring districts are Bentheim, Emsland, district-free Osnabrück and the Osnabrück district, Warendorf, district-free Münster, Coesfeld, Borken.

The district is at the Lower Saxon border, north of Münster. The Ems river runs through the district from south to north. The highest point in Steinfurt is the "Westerbecker Berg" with 234m, the lowest point is the Bentlage castle at 32m.

In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom. At first it was a part of the earldom of Bentheim, before it became independent in 1454. 1804 Steinfurt was joined back with Bentheim, before it became a part of the Prussian province of Westphalia in 1815. The new government in 1816 made the districts Steinfurt and Tecklenburg.

In 1975 the old district Steinfurt was merged with the district Tecklenburg, and together with Greven and Saerbeck from the old district Münster the current district was made.


Unna (district)

The Unna () district is a Kreis (district) in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The area was known as Hamm for a long time. In 1901 the town of Hamm itself became a separate urban district, but government of Hamm Rural District stayed in the city until 1929. In that year the administration was moved to Unna, when the district name also changed to Unna.

By 1975, the towns of Lünen, Schwerte, Selm and Werne had joined the district.


Viersen (district)

Viersen is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
In 1816, the new Prussian government created the district of "Kempen". In 1929 the district was made a lot bigger and renamed "Kempen-Krefeld".

In 1975 the district again changed its borders and was renamed to "Viersen" even though Kempen remained the capital. Viersen city replace Kempen as the capital in 1984.

Since 1983 the district has had been twinned with Cambridgeshire in England.


Windows Update

Windows Update is a feature found in Microsoft Windows (after Windows 98) that lets the user update their copy of Windows. The Windows Update website can only be used with Internet Explorer.

It also allows updates to the definitions file of Windows Defender and to the Junk Mail filter in Windows Mail.

Microsoft Update is a feature in Windows Update that provides updates not only for Windows but also other Microsoft software (such as Microsoft Office).

Windows Update first became part of windows with the launch of Windows 98. Since then the Windows Update site has gone through many updates.

With the release of Windows Me a feature called Automatic Updates was added; this meant updates could be installed in the background.

In Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 and Windows 7, instead of using a Windows Update website you now use a application to receive your updates in Windows.

Warendorf (district)

Warendorf is a "Kreis" (district) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In medieval times the region was part of the Prince-Bishopric of Münster. When it became part of the Prussian Province of Westphalia, the new government in 1816 created the districts of Warendorf and Beckum. In 1975 these two districts were joined to form today's district.

The district is located east of the city of Münster. The Ems river runs through the district from east to west. The Lippe River forms part of the southern border of the district.


Windows Defender

Windows Defender (which used to be called Microsoft AntiSpyware), is an application made by Microsoft. It was released on October 24, 2006. Windows Defender prevents, quarantine, and removes spywares in Windows Vista and Windows 7, computer viruses in Windows 8 and above. It also can be downloaded for free in Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.


Wesel (district)

Wesel () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 by merging old districts of Dinslaken, Moers and Rees, which were all created in 1816 when the area became part of Prussia.

The main river through the district is the River Rhine.


Xi'an

Xi'an ( pinyin:Xī'ān) is the capital city of the Shaanxi Province in China. Its metropolitan area has a population of 6 million people in 2011. This city is famous for the splendid Terracotta Army was found inside the tomb of Chinese first emperor Qin Shi Huang.

In past China, it was the capital of 13 dynasties, including the Zhou Dynasty, the Qin Dynasty, the Han Dynasty, the Sui Dynasty, and the Tang Dynasty. It was the eastern end of the ancient Silk Road and was commercial hub linked to home of silk production city Suzhou and Hangzhou. 
Xi'an is regarded as one of the most oldest capitals in the world history together with the other three Athens, Rome and Cairo.

Xi'an was called Chang'an in ancient times. In Classical Chinese it literally means "Perpetual Peace". But from 9 AD-23 AD, during the Xin Dynasty, it was renamed "Constant Peace" (it is said the same way). By the time of the Ming Dynasty it had been named Xi'an (which means "Western Peace"). It was named Xi'an because was in the western part of the Ming Empire. 

Xi'an Municipality is divided into 10 districts and 3 counties.

Xian's profound culture is featured by many kind of traditional festivals, handicrafts and more ethnic flavor. 

As ancient capital, Xian's rich history is reflectey by the relic of Chinese dynasties such as ancient emperor story, imperial tombs, palace legends in the Qin, Han and Tang Dynasty. The following attractions is top among them. 

<br>

Arthritis

Arthritis is a group of diseases where a person or animal's body joints are damaged. "Arthritis" means inflammation of bone or body joint. Arthritis can cause pain, swelling, and stiffness. It can hurt to move with arthritis. Arthritis is a condition that lasts for a long time.

There are more than 100 kinds of arthritis. The three most common kinds are osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and gout. Other kinds of arthritis include psoriatic arthritis and septic arthritis (when an area is invaded by bacteria).

Osteoarthritis is when the cartilage in between two bones breaks down. This condition causes the bones to rub together. This kind of arthritis is more common in elderly people. The most common places for this arthritis are the hips, knees, lower back, and neck. There are medicines that can relieve the pain and prevent disability.

Rheumatoid arthritis is caused by autoimmunity. Autoimmunity is when the body's immune system attacks its own tissues. The most common places for this arthritis is in the wrists and the knuckles. It usually starts between the ages of 20 and 40. Children and elderly people can also get this kind of arthritis. There are medicines to slow down the process of this disease. There are also some medicines to relieve pain. It is important to treat this kind of arthritis early.

Gout causes severe pain and swelling. Gout normally affects the big toe. It can also affect heels, ankles, hands, wrists or elbows. Gout is from high levels of uric acid that is in the blood. Gout can cause urate crystals to settle in tissues of joints. Gout creates stone-like shapes. The stone-like shapes build in joints, ligaments and tendons.

Arthritis is more common in older people. Both osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis affect women more often than men.

Animals, including dogs and cats, can also get arthritis.

Mental calculation

Mental calculation or mental maths is doing arithmetic without using any tools such as a computer or a calculator. and without writing anything down. Mental calculation uses only the human brain. People who use mental arithmetic use shortcuts to make the calculation easier. 

Mental calculation often involves the use of specific techniques devised for specific types of problems. There are specific methods for adding, subtracting, multiplying or dividing and more calculations such as squaring numbers or its opposite [square] "root finding". And even specific methods depending on the numbers used, such as "multiply by 10" or "multiply any 2-digit numbers", or "square numbers near 50".

There are many methods to do mental operations such as multiplying.

To multiply an integer by 10, simply add an extra 0 to the end of the number. To multiply a non-integer by 10, move the decimal point to the right one digit. In general for 100, 1000, 10000 and so on, multiply by ten for repeatedly for each zero in that number.

Another way to do multiplications with two numbers is to use binomial formulas.

formula_1


Richmond, Kentucky

Richmond is a city in North-central Kentucky. It is a little south of Lexington, Kentucky and is the county seat of Madison County. Eastern Kentucky University is in Richmond. It had 34,585 people in 2020 and an land area of 20.3 square miles (52.6 square kilometers). It has an elevation of 978 feet (298 meters) and a density of 1,702/square mile (657/square kilometer). It is the seventh-largest city in Kentucky when listed by the number of people.


Caligula

Caligula (Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, 31 August 12 – 24 January 41) was the third Roman Emperor. He reigned from AD 37. After only four years, he was assassinated by members of his bodyguard and the Roman Senate. During his reign, many innocent people were killed without fair trials. Even with all that, he was popular with the Roman public in his time.

Caligula's father Germanicus was the nephew and adoptive son of emperor Tiberius. He was a very successful general. He was one of Rome's most beloved public figures.

When Germanicus died at Antioch in 19 AD, his mother Agrippina the Elder returned to Rome with her six children. She had a bitter feud with Tiberius. That eventually led to the destruction of her family. Caligula was the only male survivor. In 31, he joined the emperor on the island of Capri. Tiberius had gone there five years earlier. When Tiberius died in 37, Caligula became emperor.

There are few surviving sources on Caligula's reign. He is described as a noble and moderate ruler during the first two years of his rule. After this, the sources focus upon his cruelty, extravagance, and sexual perversity, presenting him as an insane tyrant.

Caligula worked to give more authority to the emperor. He put a lot of his effort into ambitious construction projects and luxurious dwellings for himself. He started the construction of two new aqueducts in Rome: the "Aqua Claudia" and the "Anio Novus". During his reign, the empire took over the Kingdom of Mauretania and made it into a province.

In early 41, Caligula was assassinated. There was a conspiracy involving officers of the Praetorian Guard, members of the Roman Senate and members of the imperial court. After Caligula's death, the conspirators' tried to bring back the Roman Republic, but they were unsuccessful. The Praetorian Guard declared Caligula's uncle Claudius emperor in his place.

There are stories about Caligula that show cruelty and insanity. He was accused of killing just for amusement. He was accused of committing incest with his sisters and prostituting them with other men. He was accused of turning the palace into a brothel.

Caligula appeared in public dressed as various gods. He demanded to be worshipped as a god. There was a legend that he appointed a horse to the priesthood.

It is difficult to know anything for certain about Caligula. Only two sources from his time still exist. Those are the works of Philo and Seneca. They give mostly anecdotes. At one time, there were detailed histories on Caligula. Now they are lost. Caligula's sister, Agrippina the Younger, wrote an autobiography which certainly had a lot of information about Caligula's reign. It is also lost. No surviving source paints Caligula in a favorable light. It is not known whether Caligula was insane.

In 2017 a mosaic from one of Caligula's Lake Nemi pleasure ships was discovered in New York City

 

Counter-Strike: Source

Counter-Strike Source is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Corporation. The game normally involves 2 teams, one called 'Terrorists' or 'T' for short and 'Counter Terrorists' or 'CT' for short. The two teams have different guns and objectives. For example, Terrorists can use the AK-47 and Counter Terrorists can use the M4A1.

The game started off as a modification of "Half-Life", called "Counter-Strike". Its popularity grew enough that Valve made it into a retail game. "Counter-Strike: Source" is essentially the same game on the Source engine. It remains one of the most popular online shooter games in the world. The game has real-life weapons. Most of them are still used today.

There are two officials modes, bomb-defusal and hostage rescue. The aim of the game generally is to kill the opposing force and carrying out other objectives such as defusing bombs and rescuing hostages.

These changes called modifications or "mods" for short, are created by the game's players generally and are not regarded as official changes. There are many mods such as Warcraft, Deathmatch, Gungame, Zombie Survival, and surf.



Silver (color)

Silver is the color of the metal silver. It is a grayish-white color.

The first written use of "silver" as a color name in English was in 1481.


Pyromania

Pyromania is a psychological disorder. It is an "impulse control disorder" with an obsession with fire and explosives.

Pyromaniacs often set fire to things. They get pleasure or relief from seeing things burn. Pyromaniacs are often convicted of arson. When children have pyromania, later in life they usually are diagnosed with a mental disorder. Pyromaniacs set fire to relieve stress and it gives them pleasure and relief.

Someone with this disorder deliberately and purposely sets fires on more than one occasion. Before the act of lighting the fire the person usually has tension and an emotional buildup. When around fires, a person with pyromania shows intense interest or fascination and may also get pleasure, gratification or relief.

Oscar De La Hoya

Oscar de la Hoya (born February 4, 1973), also known as the "Golden Boy", is a former boxer. He is Mexican-American. He won a gold medal for the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics.


San Salvador Island

San Salvador Island, also known as Watling Island, is an island in The Bahamas, that is said to have been found by Christopher Columbus during his first trip to the New World. It has a population of about 1,000 people, and it is a very good tourist spot. 


Jane Roberts

Jane Roberts (May 8, 1929 – September 5, 1984) was an American author, psychic and trance medium who "channeled" a spirit named Seth. The publication of the Seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal. She wrote short stories, novels and children's books.


Pound (currency)

The pound (£) is the currency used by Egypt, Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey and the United Kingdom where it is called Pound sterling. Centuries ago, it was one Troy Pound (mass) of silver coins. 

Attraction

In general, an attraction is when two things are drawn to one another.


Alb-Donau-Kreis

Alb-Donau (Alemannic German: "Alb-Donau-Krois") is a rural district or county (Landkreis) in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

The history of the region is linked with the history of Ulm and the Swabian Alb.

The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by joining the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen.

The city of Ulm is surrounded by the district. The government of the county is in Ulm, even though Ulm is not a part of the districztIt is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district, although it is not part of the district.

The district is named after the Danube River (German "Donau") and the Swabian Alb ("Schwäbische Alb") mountains. The Danube enters the district in the southwest, runs through the southern parts of the district and leaves eastwards to Ulm. North of the Danube banks the hills of the Swabian Alb rise. The hill chain extends from southwest to northeast parallel to the course of the Danube River and is continued on either side of the district. An affluent of the Danube, the Iller River, forms the southeastern border of the Alb-Donau district, before it meets the Danube in Ulm.


Freddy Cannon

Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon (born December 4, 1936) is an American singer. He was most famous in the early 1960s. His hit records include "Abigail Beecher", "Tallahassee Lassie", and "Way Down Yonder In New Orleans".

One of Cannon's hits, "Palisades Park", was written by Chuck Barris, who later created "The Dating Game" and "The Gong Show". Cannon also appeared in the movies "Just for Fun" and "Village of the Giants".

Hudson Bay

The Hudson Bay is a bay that goes into East-central Canada. It is the fourth largest sea in the world with an area of 316,000 square miles (819,000 square kilometres). The northern and western shores belong to Nunavut, the southern shore is split between Manitoba and Ontario, and the eastern shore belongs to Quebec. It is connected with the Atlantic Ocean through the Hudson Strait, which is in the northeast of the bay, and with the Arctic Ocean through the Foxe Channel in the north part of the bay.

It was named for the English explorer Henry Hudson, who, in 1610 on the ship "Discovery", found the bay and claimed it for England.


La fanciulla del West

La fanciulla del West, meaning "The Girl of the Golden West", is an opera by Puccini. The opera is three acts long. It was based on the play "The Girl of the Golden West" by David Belasco. The first showing of the opera was at the Metropolitan Opera, New York, in 1910.

Kora (instrument)

The kora is a 21-string harp-lute used mostly by peoples in West Africa.

Gao Region

The Gao Region is in eastern Mali. The region's capital city is Gao.


Kayes Region

The Kayes Region is in eastern Mali.

Kayes is divided into 7 cercles:

Kidal Region

The Kidal Region is a region in Mali.

Kidal Region is divided into 4 cercles that contain 11 municipalities:


Koulikoro Region

The Koulikoro Region is a region in western Mali. It is the second administrative area of Mali and covers an area of . Its capital is the city of Koulikoro.

Mopti Region

The Mopti Region is a region in Mali. 

Mopti is divided into 8 cercles that contain a total of 108 municipalities:

Ségou Region

The Ségou Region is a region in Mali.

Sikasso Region

The Sikasso Region is a region in Mali. Sikasso is the capital of the region. It is the second largest city in Mali. Because of people fleeing the violence in Côte d'Ivoire the city is growing quickly.

Other important towns are Bougouni and Koutiala.

Tombouctou Region

The Tombouctou Region (also spelled Timbuktu) is a region in Mali.

Toni Morrison

Toni Morrison (born Chloe Ardelia Wofford; February 18, 1931 – August 5, 2019) was an African-American author. She was the second child in her working-class family. 

She normally wrote about racial discrimination (racism, mainly the dislike of blacks). She won awards for writing some books and she changed African-American history. She was perhaps the most successful mainly story-writing African woman in the world. 

She was a famous writer and she got her good writing by the people she looked up to. They were B.W.Jones and A.I.Vinson. Her first novel ("The Bluest Eyes") is the story of a girl ruined by a racist society and its violence and she had son named slade who she wrote this book with dreaming emmett. One of her books, "Beloved", was made into a movie in 1998. This movie starred Oprah Winfrey.

Morrison died at a hospital in The Bronx, New York City on August 5, 2019, from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 88.


Bret Michaels

Bret Michael Sychak, better known as Bret Michaels (born March 15, 1963 in Butler, Pennsylvania), is the lead singer of the glam metal band Poison. He also starred on VH1's reality television program Rock of Love 2. He is also a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice.


Jacques Arcadelt

Jacques Arcadelt (also called Jacob Arcadelt) (born probably in Liège, 1504 or 1505; died Paris, 14 October 1568) was a Franco-Flemish composer in the Renaissance period. He was an extremely popular composer of madrigals and chansons. 

We know hardly anything about his early life, but we know he was living in Rome by 1539 when he was made a member of the Julian Chapel. Soon he joined the Sistine Chapel, where he had the job of "magister puerorum" (director of the boys choir), and later he became choirmaster. In the same year he published four of his total of six books of madrigals for four voices. Probably around 1553 he moved to France, where he spent the rest of his life. He wrote a very large number of chansons (French songs). He also wrote some masses.

Arcadelt's music became extremely popular because it was quite simple and easy to sing with beautiful melodies that people could remember. One very famous madrigal is called "Il bianco e dolce cigno" ("The white and gentle swan"). The style of Arcadelt’s music influenced the next generation of madrigal composers.

Adela Florence Nicolson

Adela Florence Nicolson (née Cory) (9 April 1865–4 October 1904) was an English poet who lived in India. She wrote under the pseudonym Laurence Hope.


The Sarah Jane Adventures

The Sarah Jane Adventures was a science fiction television series, that started in 2007 and ended in 2011, due to Elisabeth Sladen's death. It was a spin off from the British cult series "Doctor Who."

The series starred Elisabeth Sladen as the journalist Sarah Jane Smith, who was a companion of the Third and Fourth Doctor in the classic "Doctor Who" series. Sladen played the original part of Sarah Jane from 1973 until 1976. Sarah Jane was considered the most popular companion of the Doctor and appeared in the new series episode "School Reunion" along with her robot dog, K-9.

Unlike the other spin off of "Doctor Who", "Torchwood", the target audience for "The Sarah Jane Adventures" was children as it is shown on CBBC.

The series featured many connections to "Doctor Who". The Slitheen family, who first appeared in the "Doctor Who" episode "Aliens of London" appeared in two stories in the first series, and the Sontarans, who first appeared in the "Doctor Who" story "The Time Warrior" featured in two stories in the Second series. The character Doctor Who also appeared in the episodes "The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith" (played by David Tennant) and "Death of the Doctor" (played by Matt Smith).

"Doctor Who" also used ideas from "The Sarah Jane Adventures". In the "Doctor Who" episode "Turn Left", the Doctor makes a reference to the Trickster - an enemy who had only featured in "The Sarah Jane Adventures". Sarah Jane also appeared with her son Luke Smith in the "Doctor Who" episodes "The Stolen Earth" and "Journey's End".

The first episode was a 60-minute special, and served as a basic introduction to the series.
The first series featured five stories. Each story was made up of two episodes.
The second series featued six stories. As with the first series, each story was made up of two episodes
A short, 5-minute special was made for the 2009 Comic Relief appeal.

The third series featured six stories. As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes.
The fourth series featured six stories. As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes. The final episode of this series was the last to air before Elisabeth Sladen's death on the 19th of April, 2011.
The fifth series only featured three stories, as those three were filmed alongside series four, before Elisabeth Sladen's death. As with the previous series, they were all made of two episodes.

Dailymotion

Dailymotion is the world's largest independent video sharing website. It is based in Paris, France. Dailymotion was started March 15, 2005 by Benjamin Bejbaum and Olivier Poitrey.

Francesca Lia Block

Francesca Lia Block (born January 3, 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is the writer of many books for teenagers. She is best known for the Weetzie Bat series of books. Block wrote her first book, "Weetzie Bat", while she was a student at UC Berkeley. Harper Collins published it in 1989. She is known for her use of imagery, or ability to paint pictures with words. This is best seen in describing the city of Los Angeles.

Block was born in Los Angeles to a poet and a painter. The creativity they gave Francesca was a big influence on what she wrote. Another influence was her love of Greek mythology and fairy tales when she was a child.

Block belongs to the Authors Guild, Authors League of America, and the Writers Guild of America.






Benito Pérez Galdós

Benito Pérez Galdós (May 10, 1843 – January 4, 1920) was a Spanish realist novelist. Considered by many second only to Cervantes in stature, Pérez Galdós was the greatest Spanish realist novelist. Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, he moved to Madrid at the age of 20 where he spent most of his adult life. Within Spain his most popular works are the earlier works: the "Episodios nacionales" (46 volumes). Outside Spain his "Novelas españolas contemporáneas" are more popular.

Candomblé

Candomblé is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced chiefly in Brazil. The religion originated in the city of Salvador, the capital of Bahia.

Merzig-Wadern

Merzig-Wadern is a "Kreis" (district) in the northeast of the Saarland, Germany.

The district was created in 1816 when the area became the property of Prussia. After World War I the Saar area was under special government of the League of Nations, which did split the district into two parts. The area around Wadern stayed Prussian, while the Merzig area became part of the Saargebiet area. In 1935 the Saar area rejoined Germany, however it took till after the World War II that the two district parts were reunited in 1946.

The Saar River flows through the district, the Moselle River forms the boundary in the west to Luxembourg.


SK Rapid Wien

S.K. Rapid Wien is an Austrian football club. Rapid Wien was founded in 1898 and is one of the major clubs in Austria. The club plays in Vienna. Rapid is Austria's most successful team with 32 championships wins. Rapid also won a German title in 1941 when the country was part of Germany. 

The club was founded in 1898 as First Workers' Football Club of Vienna but was renamed in S(port) K(lub) Rapid Wien on 8 January 1899. The first coulors were red and white. The teams uses these colours in away matches today. 

During the years before World War II, Rapid was one of the most successful clubs in Europe. Before the Second World War, Rapid won the Viennese championship 16 times. In these years there was no nationwide championship because professional football teams only played in Vienna. In 1930 Rapid won the Mitropacup against Sparta Praha (2:0; 3:2) ("La Coupe de l'Europe Centrale"), one of the first international competitions in Europe. Around this time, the rivalry with the other great club of Vienna, FK Austria, started and continues today. Rapid was the club of the working class, while supporters of FK Austria were more middle class. After the annexation of Austria through Nazi-Germany in 1938 Rapid played in the Gauliga Ostmark. Rapid won the Tschammerpokal (Cup) in 1938 with a 3–1 victory over FSV Frankfurt. 1941 they won the Championship versus Schalke 04 (4-3).

Almost since the beginning of the club's history, the fans announce the last 15 minutes with clapping of their hands, the "Rapidviertelstunde". 
SK Rapid only won the Austrian championship twice since 2000. The greatest success in recent years was the victory over the Premier League club Aston Villa in the last qualifying round for the UEFA Europa League 2009 and 2010. They played in the group stage twice, but they did not reach the next round. Rapid last reached the group stage of the UEFA Champions League in 2005–06. They finished last in their group and lost all their matches. 










Neunkirchen District

Neunkirchen is a Kreis (district) in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.

In 1974 the districts of Saarland were reorganized. The capital of the district was moved to Neunkirchen. The name of the district was changed to Neunkirchen as well. Neunkirchen city had first tried to become cspital of the district in 1866. Some parts of the administration remained in Ottweiler.


Afro-Brazilian religions

Afro-Brazilian religions are all religions that originated in African traditional religions, which were brought to Brazil by slaves.


Saarbrücken (district)

The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a "Kommunalverband besonderer Art", that is, it is a special mix of a rural district and a district free city. It is located in the south of the Saarland, Germany.

The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816.
In 1974 the district and the district-free city Saarbrücken were merged, and the new administrative body was named "Stadtverband Saarbrücken". Although it's not a district like others, most of its administrative tasks are same as those of a district.

The Saar River flows through the district, through the city Saarbrücken in the centre of the district.


Sinaloa

Sinaloa is a northwestern Mexican state. It is bordered by Sonora to the north, Chihuahua to the northeast, Durango to the east, and Nayarit to the south. To the west lies the Pacific Ocean and the Gulf of California, also known as the Sea of Cortez. 

Saarlouis (district)

Saarlouis is a Kreis (district) in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.

The district was part of the Holy Roman Empire. After the Napoleonic wars the area went to Prussia, which in 1816 created the district as part of its Rhineland province. From 1936-1945 it was called "Saarlautern", when the Nazi government tried to exchange the French name for a German one.

The main river in the district is the Saar.


Saarpfalz District

Saarpfalz ("Saar-Palatinate") is a Kreis (district) in the south-east of the Saarland, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Saarbrücken, Neunkirchen, Kusel, Südwestpfalz, district-free Zweibrücken, and the French "département" Moselle.

When after World War I the Saar area went under special government of the League of Nations, the Palatinate area, then part of Bavaria, was split in two parts. The part which went into the Saar became commonly known as Saarpfalz, and was administered by the two "Bezirksamt": St. Ingbert and Homburg. The district Saarpfalz was created in 1974 when the two districts of Saint Ingbert and Homburg were joined. Since 1997 the district has a partnership with Henrico County, Virginia.


Sankt Wendel (district)

Sankt Wendel is a Kreis (district) in the north of the Saarland, Germany. Neighboring districts are Trier-Saarburg, Birkenfeld, Kusel, Neunkirchen, Saarlouis, Merzig-Wadern.

The district was created in 1834 when Prussia bought the Lichtenfeld area from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. After World War I the Saar area came under special rulership of the League of Nations, and the Sankt Wendel district was split into two parts. The northern part, the "Restkreis Sankt Wendel", was merged into the district Birkenfeld, the southern part stayed in the Saarland in its smaller size.

The district is located in the "Saar-Hunsrück" natural area, a hilly area with elevations between 200 and 600 meters.
The main river in the district is the Nahe. The "Bostalsee" is the biggest tourist lake in the south-west of Germany, covering an area of about 1.2 km.


Respiratory system

The respiratory system, also called the gas exchange system, is the body getting rid of carbon dioxide and taking in oxygen. Carbon dioxide, a waste product, goes out of the body. Oxygen, which the body needs, comes in. In humans the lungs are the main organ to do this. In other words, the way oxidation of organic compounds happens in cells and energy is released is called the respiratory system. 

The first step is breathing in air, or inhaling. Inhalation means bringing air rich in oxygen into the body. Exhalation means giving out air rich in carbon dioxide from the body. The second step is gas exchange in the lungs where oxygen is diffused into the blood and the carbon dioxide diffuses out of the blood. The third step is cellular respiration, which makes the chemical energy that the cells in the body need, and carbon dioxide. Finally, the carbon dioxide from cellular respiration is breathed out of the body from the lungs.

Breathing is the first step in the process of respiration. For respiration to happen, the body needs a constant supply of oxygen, which is done by breathing. Inhalation is the breathing in of air. To inhale, the lungs expand, decreasing the air pressure in the lungs. This is caused by two actions. The diaphragm (a sheet of muscular tissue that separates the lungs from the abdomen) is pulled downward. Also the muscles between the ribs contract to expand the chest. Both of these actions expand the lungs. To fill the enlarged lungs, air from outside at higher pressure comes rushing into the area of low pressure in the lungs. Air first passes through the nose and mouth, then through the larynx (voice box), then down the trachea (windpipe), and into the lungs.

The lungs are made of many tubes or branches. As air enters the lungs, it first goes through branches called the bronchi, then through smaller branches called bronchioles, and finally into the air sacs. Gas exchange occurs in the air sacs where oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide. 

The carbon dioxide in the air sacs now needs to be exhaled or breathed out. The diaphragm and the rib muscles relax, making the lungs smaller. As the air pressure in the lungs is greater when the lungs are smaller, the air is forced out. The air sacs are able to contract and expand because they are coated with a lubricant, surfactant, this lubricant helps the air sacs inflate while also preventing the collapse of the lungs during deflation. The exhaled air has a high concentration of carbon dioxide and a low concentration of oxygen. The maximum volume of air that can be breathed in and breathed out is called the vital capacity of the lungs and is up to five liters.

The inhaled air goes down to the air sacs at the end of each bronchiole. The air sacs are called alveoli — they have a large surface area and are moist, thin, and close to a blood supply. The inhaled air has a much greater concentration of oxygen than carbon dioxide whilst the blood flowing to the lungs has more carbon dioxide than oxygen. This creates a concentration gradient between the air in the air sacs and the blood, meaning there is more oxygen in the air than the blood. 

As the membrane, oxygen can easily diffuse in and out. Oxygen at high concentration in the air sacs diffuses into the blood where oxygen concentration is low, and carbon dioxide at high concentration in the blood diffuses into the air sacs where carbon dioxide concentration is low. The oxygen in the blood enters the circulatory system and is used by the cells in the body. The carbon dioxide in the air sacs is exhaled out of the body.


Internal combustion engine

An internal combustion engine is an engine in which combustion, or the burning of fuel, occurs on the inside. This differs from external combustion engines where the fire is outside the engine, such as a steam engine.

There are many kinds of internal combustion engine but the term often means the machine that Niklaus Otto invented. In this kind, fire makes pressure increase inside a cylinder. The pressure pushes a piston which is attached to a wheel by a crank. The rod pushes the wheel and makes it spin around. The spinning wheel is attached to other wheels. The engine is very strong and can make all the wheels move.

There can be many kinds of internal combustion engines such as the single piston engine, the inline engine, the flat engine, the V engine, the VR engine, the W engine, the X engine, the U engine, the H engine, the horizontal K engine, the opposed piston engine, the delta engine, the Wankel or rotary engine and the radial engine which is commonly used in planes.

The most common layouts among these engines are the V layout, and the inline layout. In the V engine, the pistons are aligned in a V shape. There can be V twin engines, with 2 pistons, V3 engines, V4 engines, V6 engines, V8 engines, up to V24 engines. The VR layout is the same as a V layout except the angle between the V shape is smaller making the overall drive smoother. In inline engines, the pistons are aligned in a straight line. There can be inline 1 engines, also called a singular piston engine, all the way up to a straight 14 which was mainly used in older models of cars. Flat engines are the same as inline engines but are aligned horizontally.

W, X, U, H, Horizontal K, Delta and opposed piston engines all have different layouts. In the W engine, the pistons are aligned in a W shape if looked at from the front. The Bugatti Chiron, one of the fastest cars in the world, features a W engine. The pistons in a X are aligned to look like an X from the front. In the U engine, there a 2 inline engine with separate crankshafts and a shared output shaft. When looked at from the front of the engine block, it resembles a U shape. H engines are U engines except there are 2 more inline engines attached to the bottom of the existing inline engines from the U engine. The H and the U layout can be configured vertically or horizontally. In delta engines, the pistons are aligned in a triangle shape. There are 2 pistons per cylinder/combustion chamber, and therefore the minimum amount of pistons in a delta engine is 6. Horizontal K engines have 2 flat pistons facing opposite each other at the bottom and a V engine above them, making them look like a horizontal K. The Opposed piston engines also have 2 pistons per cylinder. They can be aligned vertically or horizontally. When there are only 2 pistons in the engine, they can be called boxer engine.

Radial engines are commonly used in planes but are rarely used in cars. An example of this is the Porsche 356 and the 1939 Plymouth Pickup. The pistons in a radial engine are aligned in a star shape. When having multiple sets of pistons, the engines can be stacked beside each other.

Rotary/Wankel engines work the same as a piston engine except they don't have a piston but instead have a rotor that also cycles through the 4 main stages of engines (intake, compression, combustion and exhaust).

There are many different parts to an engine. They include pistons, camshafts, crankshafts, timing belts, and valves. All parts of an engine need to be fully functional for it to work and all parts have a separate role. An engine is usually started by first sending power from the car battery to the ignition coil which then causes an engine spark. The spark then ignites combustion in the cylinders and the combustion starts the engine.

There can be petrol or diesel engines in a vehicle. In petrol or gasoline engines, it is required to have an ignition system to burn the fuel and air mixture. In diesel engines, the ignition system is not required to burn the fuel. Diesel is similar to heating oil. It is burnt through extreme compression.

The car is started using a powerful electric motor, called a starter motor. The starter solenoid converts electrical energy into mechanical energy or movement) and when it starts the ignition switch connects a circuit, sending power to the starter relay. It then sends 2 jolts of electricity into the solenoid, the larger burst directly from the battery pack and the other from the ignition. The magnetic field created from the solenoid connects two metal contact points, one being the solenoid plunger, together which then relays the electricity into the starter motor. The plunger also engages a fork which pushes the pinion gear (connected to the starter motor) to engage the flywheel automatically, starting the engine.

For extra power, more air is needed to increase the energy evolved per unit of fuel. This is where forced induction must take place. There are some ways of creating forced induction such as turbochargers and superchargers. Turbochargers rely on the volume and velocity of the exhaust to spin the turbine wheel in the middle of the turbocharger. Turbochargers should consume less power from the engine than superchargers and therefore suffer bad throttle response. This delay can also be referred to as turbo lag. Smaller turbochargers spool quickly and deliver more boost pressure at lower engine speeds but suffers at higher RPMs. Bigger turbochargers can deliver more power at higher revs but suffer low throttle response. There can be many turbochargers in a car, but the most common amount being 1 or 2. Superchargers have close to no lag time as the compressor is constantly spinning proportionally to the engine speed. They require torque from the engine to operate. Some common types of superchargers are the Roots-type supercharger, a Screw-type supercharger, and a Centrifugal-type supercharger. In a Roots-type supercharger there are paddles on two drums that are continuously rotating, that force air into the intake. The Roots-type supercharger is a positive displacement device and therefore has the advantage of producing the same pressure ratio at any engine speed. A Screw-type supercharger, like the Roots-type supercharger, is a positive displacement device. They have 2 screws that compress the air and are more efficient than roots type as they create a cooler air output than a roots supercharger but are more difficult to manufacture. A centrifugal-type supercharger, is not a positive displacement device. Although it looks like a turbocharger, they are very different as the power source of the centrifugal supercharger is the engines crankshaft. A turbocharger uses the exhaust gas to spin the compressor.

When using forced induction, the air temperature rises dramatically. To cool the air at higher temperatures, an intercooler is needed. An intercooler cools the air before it enters the cylinder (combustion chamber) using air or water. When hot air enters the combustion chamber, it decreases the fuel efficiency as warm air holds less oxygen than cool air. An air to air intercooler uses the cool air from outside to cool the hot air as it enters the intercooler. The more surface area the intercooler has the cooler the air can get. There are 2 types of air to air intercooler, the bar and plate intercooler and the tube and fin intercooler. Bar and plate intercoolers can cool the air to lower temperature but a tube and fin intercooler cost less and weigh less. In air to water intercoolers, instead of air from outside, it uses a cool liquid to cool the air as it passes though and then uses a radiator to cool the cooling liquid. Air to water intercooler are more complex, heavier and more expensive than air to water intercoolers but can be more efficient.

Cars can also have gears. The gears are controlled by the transmission. They can either be manual, automatic or Continuously Variable Transmission. Gear ratios

The intake manifold is where the car gets the oxygen to burn the fuel

Exhaust in a car is the fumes that come out of the pipe or pipes (normally in back of a car but can be on the sides)

Engines need oil to make them slippery or the moving parts would grind together and stick. Parts of a car engine are measured to 0.01 of a millimetre and some engine parts fit together very tightly.

Most road vehicles use the internal combustion engine, and most of those use the four-stroke engine.

Gas turbines are internal combustion engines that work continuously, not by strokes. Rocket engines and guns are internal combustion engines but they do not turn wheels.

See car battery. 

Mass media

Mass media are media like radio, television, internet or other things that reach many people. Television is most used. We can see and hear news from around the world. Radio also brings music and news. Books supply older and more detailed material. The internet is also important. We can search for all the news and information. Websites like Wikipedia and about.com give information about many things. Libraries are also important. In libraries we can read books and listen to music.

The term was coined in the 1920s with the advent of nationwide radio networks, mass-circulation newspapers and magazines, although mass media (like books and manuscripts) were present centuries before the term became common.


Rail

Rail or rails may refer to:


Kublai Khan

Kublai Khan (23 Sept. 1215 - 18 Feb. 1294) was a Mongol khan, or military ruler, who brought the Mongol Empire to its greatest height. He finished the invasion of China and was also the founder of the Yuan Dynasty. He lived during the 13th century AD. Kublai Khan was the grandson of the great Mongol king Genghis Khan.

Kublai Khan was born to Tolui Khan, and his wife Sorghaghtani. While growing up, he participated in campaigns with his father, until he was 17 when his father died. He had also participated in campaigns with his older brother. When his brother died in 1259, Kublai had to fight against his younger brother to become Great Khan even though he was next in line to rule. 

Kublai led armies against the Song Dynasty and took over most of China and much of Asia. As the first foreigner to rule all of China, he established the Yuan Dynasty, which had Chinese ideas but Mongolian roots.

Bertrand du Guesclin

Bertrand du Guesclin (c. 1320 – 13 July 1380), was a French knight from Brittany who fought in the Hundred Years' War. He was Constable of France from 1370 to his death. He was important to the French successes in the war under Charles V of France.

Battle of Sluys

The Battle of Sluys (; ; 1340) was an early and important naval battle of the Hundred Years' War. The English attacked near the port of Sluis and destroyed most of the French fleet. This made it impossible for France to invade England. Nearly all the fighting afterward took place on land in France.

Battle of Poitiers (1356)

The Battle of Poitiers (1356) was one of the three most important victories for England over France in the Hundred Years' War. Edward, the Black Prince led the English who captured King John II of France during the battle. 

Guitar Hero (series)

Guitar Hero is a popular series of music video games that allows players to pretend they are a rock star by playing a controller shaped like a guitar. The player has to play rock songs from the 1960s to present. There are 18 in the series, and the last one is 2010's "". Since Guitar Hero World Tour, it has added different rock instruments, such as drums and microphone. "Guitar Hero" games can be played on most game consoles (which is the device it is played on, like the Xbox 360,the PlayStation 3 and the Wii. Many people around the world play this popular game.

After "Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock" did not sell well, Activision (the company that owns the "Guitar Hero" series) stopped making "Guitar Hero" games until 2015. "Guitar Hero Live" came to stores in October of that year.

Horse racing

Horse racing is a sport in which a race is held between racehorses (horses bred for racing). Racehorses are most often thoroughbreds. The Kentucky Derby is a major horserace that is held at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky every year. The Kentucky Derby is part of the Triple Crown, which includes two other races. Yonkers, New York is a major venue for harness racing.

Important races outside the US include Longchamp near Paris, the Dubai Gold Cup and the Melbourne Cup, held every year in Australia on the second Tuesday of November. Heralded as "the race that stops the nation," this one race alone keeps hatmakers in the city of Melbourne in business for an entire year. Every year, during the cup, over 11 million people from Australia and New Zealand tune in to listen to the race, starting at 3:00pm.

Racing is also popular in the UK and Ireland. Major races include Ascot, Newmarket and the Grand National. Racing also takes place at Epsom, Chepstow, Goodwood, York, Cheltenham and Punchestown, County Kildare.

In the Far East Japan, Hong Kong, Macau and Singapore are major race centres.

People often gamble on horse races. They will bet money on a particular horse. 

Cheltenham horse racing is a major event in the United Kingdom's horse racing calendar, taking place annually at Cheltenham Racecourse in Gloucestershire. The festival, most famous for the Cheltenham Gold Cup, spans four days in March and features several high-profile races. It attracts the best of British and Irish trained horses and is a significant occasion for racing enthusiasts, combining top-tier competition with a festive atmosphere. 

Treaty of Troyes

The Treaty of Troyes (1420) tried to change the inheritance rule for the kings of France, but did not succeed at doing that. This treaty said that Henry V of England and his sons would become kings of France after the death of Charles VI of France. The treaty tried to disinherit the future Charles VII of France. The treaty did not work because Henry V and Charles VI died two months apart and Joan of Arc recaptured land for Charles VII.

Kentucky Derby

The Kentucky Derby is a horse race for three-year-old Thoroughbreds held every year at the Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky on the first Saturday in May. The race is 1.25 miles long.

Returning home to Kentucky, Clark organized the Louisville Jockey Club for the purpose of raising money to build quality racing facilities just outside the city. The track would soon become known as Churchill Downs, named for John and Henry Churchill, who provided the land for the racetrack.Officially, the racetrack was incorporated as Churchill Downs in 1937.

The race is nicknamed "The Run for the Roses".

Charles VII of France

Charles VII of France (22 February 1403 – 22 July 1461), was King of France from 1422 to his death. He was not crowned as king until 1429 because England controlled large parts of France. His father, Charles VI of France, had disinherited him. He was called “King of Bourges” because Bourges was one of the few places he still controlled.

Joan of Arc took back land for him, but she was burned at the stake after he refused to pay her ransom. The Hundred Years' War ended while Charles VII was king. The English were left with only a small area around Calais

Madison Square Garden

The Madison Square Garden (frequently called "The Garden" or "MSG") is an indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The arena is home of the New York Knicks NBA team and the New York Rangers of the NHL. It also is the site of many concerts and special events each year and a few college basketball games are played there There have been four arenas with the name Madison Square Garden at three different sites in Manhattan. The first was an open-air arena built in 1879 at East 26th Street and Madison Avenue, also known as Madison Square. It was torn down and replaced with an indoor arena at the same site in 1890. The third MSG, on Eighth Avenue between 49th and 50th Streets, opened in 1925. The current Madison Square Garden opened in 1968. It is at 4 Penn Plaza, close to the intersection of 8th Avenue & 33rd Street in Manhattan, New York City. Was named after 4th President of the United States of America.

The arena has six sections of seats. One of them is not open if hockey is played, because a hockey rink is larger than a basketball court. The other sections used to have different colors. There were red, orange, yellow, brown and blue seats. However, the fans of the New York Rangers only wanted to sit in the blue seats. They did not want to use any of the other sections. They even did not let other fans use the blue seats. For this reason, the MSG does not use these colors today. The most active fans sit in the section 400.

The number of people who can visit the arena changes. If hockey is played and the first section is taken out to make room for the rink, 18,200 people may be there. For basketball, 19,763 people can watch. Up to 20,000 people may watch a concert in the arena.




Dolby Theatre

The Dolby Theatre is a indoor theatre in Hollywood. The theatre has been the home of the annual Academy Awards since 2002.

Luis Aragonés

Luis Aragonés (28 July 1938- 1 February 2014), became active as a Spanish football player in 1957 and football coach in 1974. He played in, and was involved in managing, Real Oviedo, Real Betis Balompié, and Atlético Madrid. Additionally, he participated in coaching Barcelona, Valencia, Sevilla, Espanyol Barcelona, Mallorca and Fenerbahçe.

360||160
360||160

!Total||11||3

Adobe

Adobe is a building material made from soil and often organic matter. Adobe means mudbrick in Spanish. It can also mean any kind of earth construction. 

Adobe is one of the earliest building materials ever used. It is found all over the world. The techniques used in adobe construction have not changed since the 16th century in the Southwestern United States. Because they are not fired in a kiln they never become hard. They shrink and swell as the water content in them changes. Also, as they get wetter, they become weaker.

Adobe does not permanently stick to wood, metal or stone because it moves more than they do. This causes cracks and seperation from other materials. Stone is sometimes used as a foundation and wood for the roof. These are usually held in place by their own weight or the weight of the adobe pressing down on them. But adobe construction is cheap and the materials are usually easy to find.

Charles VI of France

Charles VI of France (3 December 1368 – 21 October 1422) was King of France from 1380 until his death. He was not a successful king.

Often he was not able to rule the country because of mental illness and his wife Queen Isabeau of Bavaria ruled with the help of his brother Louis I de Valois, Duke of Orléans. This made his cousin John the Fearless of Burgundy very angry, so John the Fearless had Louis I assassinated. A few years after that, Henry V of England invaded and won the Battle of Agincourt.

Charles had a mental illness from around 1410 until he died. His mental illness involved him killing some of his own servants and at one point he thought he was made of glass.

Battle of Poitiers

Battle of Poitiers can be one of two battles:

Küttigkofen

Küttigkofen was a municipality in the Bucheggberg district, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Langendorf, Switzerland

Langendorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Laupersdorf

Laupersdorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lohn-Ammannsegg

Lohn-Ammannsegg is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is the combination of 2 municipalities: Lohn and Ammannsegg.


List of tallest buildings

This list of tallest buildings includes skyscrapers with continuously occupiable floors and a height of at least . Non-building structures, such as towers, are not included in this list (see list of tallest buildings and structures).

Historically, the world's tallest man-made structure was the ancient tomb - the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, which held the position for over 3,800 years until the construction of Lincoln Cathedral in England in 1311. Until the completion of the Washington Monument in 1884 the world's tallest buildings were Christian churches and cathedrals in Europe. The early skyscraper was pioneered in Chicago with the Home Insurance Building in 1885, forming the basis for which the United States would hold the position of the world's tallest building throughout the 20th century until 1998, when the Petronas Towers were completed. Since then only two buildings have held the title: Taipei 101 in 2004 and Burj Khalifa in 2010.

Since the beginning of the 21st century, the US, the Middle East, China, and Southeast Asia have experienced booms in skyscraper construction.

The international non-profit organization Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH) was formed in 1969 and announces the title of "The World's Tallest Building" and sets the standards by which buildings are measured. It maintains a list of the 100 tallest completed buildings in the world. The organization currently ranks Burj Khalifa in Dubai as the tallest at . However, the CTBUH only recognizes buildings that are complete, and some buildings included within the lists in this article are not considered finished by the CTBUH.

In 1996, as a response to the dispute as to whether the Petronas Towers or the Sears Tower was taller, the council listed and ranked buildings in four categories:

Spires are considered integral parts of the architectural design of buildings, changes to which would substantially change the appearance and design of the building, whereas antennas may be added or removed without such consequences. The Petronas Towers, with their spires, are thus ranked higher than the Willis Tower (formerly the Sears Tower) with its antennas, despite the Petronas Towers's lower roofs and lower highest point.

Until 1996, the world's tallest building was defined by the height to the top of the tallest architectural element, including spires but not antennae. This led to a rivalry between the Bank of Manhattan Building and the Chrysler Building. The Bank of Manhattan Building (i.e. 40 Wall Street) employed only a short spire and was tall and had a much higher top occupied floor (the second category in the 1996 criteria for tallest building). In contrast, the Chrysler Building employed a very large spire secretly assembled inside the building to claim the title of world's tallest building with a total height of , although it had a lower top occupied floor and a shorter height when both buildings' spires were excluded.

Upset by Chrysler's victory, Shreve & Lamb, the consulting architects of the Bank of Manhattan Building, wrote a newspaper article claiming that their building was actually the tallest, since it contained the world's highest usable floor, at . They pointed out that the observation deck in the Bank of Manhattan Building was nearly above the top floor in the Chrysler Building, whose surpassing spire was strictly ornamental and inaccessible.

At present, the Burj Khalifa tops the list by some margin, regardless of which criterion is applied.

, this list includes all 75 buildings (completed and architecturally topped out) which reach a height of or more, as assessed by their highest architectural feature. Of these, 37 are in China. Six of the last seven buildings to have held the record as 'tallest building' are still found in the list, with the exception being the North Tower of the original World Trade Center at after its destruction in the September 11 attacks of 2001. If the twin towers had not been destroyed and One World Trade Center never built, the WTC towers would rank 34 and 35 on the list today.

This measurement disregards distinctions between architectural and non-architectural extensions, and simply measures to the highest point. This measurement is useful for air traffic obstacle determinations, and is also a wholly objective measure. However, this measurement includes extensions that are easily added, removed, and modified from a building and are independent of the overall structure.

This measurement only recently came into use, when the Petronas Towers passed the Sears Tower (now named Willis Tower) in height. The former was considered taller because its spires were considered architectural, while the latter's antennae were not. This led to the split of definitions, with the Sears Tower claiming the lead in this and the height-to-roof (now highest occupied floor) categories, and with the Petronas claiming the lead in the architectural height category.

If the World Trade Center towers were still standing today they would occupy numbers 12 (North Tower at ) and 37 on the list (or 11 and 36, for it can be assumed the One World Trade Center would have never been built).

This height is measured from the level of the lowest, significant, open-air, pedestrian entrance to the highest occupied floor within the building.
This is a list of buildings taller than that are currently under construction. On-hold buildings whose construction was interrupted after it had reached a significantly advanced state are also listed.

The following list shows the tallest completed buildings located in each continent listed by greatest to least height (click on name of continent for continent-specific list):


The Harbourfront Landmark

The Harbourfront Landmark is a skyscraper in Hong Kong, China. It is 233 meters (763 feet) tall and has 70 floors. It was built in 2001 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Shimao International Plaza

Shimao International Plaza is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It is 333 meters (1093 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 2006 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.


Mieszko I of Poland

Mieszko I (c. 935 – May 25, 992) was a duke of the Poles and the first Christian ruler of Poland. He was father of Boleslaw I, first Polish king. His political masterpiece is called "The Baptism of Poland". He got a baptism from the bishop of Bohemia, which was a German Fiefdom.

He was a son of the Siemomysł, the ruler of Polans, and grandson of the Lestek, 

Mieszko Mieszkowic, Świętosława, the queen of the Vikings and the Grandfather of Cnut the Great, the king of the Vikings, Mieszko Mieszkowic, Lambert Mieszkowic and Vladivoj - the Duke of Bohemia.
Mieszko was a great politician, an example of his politician and strategist genius was the fact that he adopted Christianity from the Bishop from Bohemia, which was a German fiefdom, and he stopped most of the attacks of Vielets, Bohemians and Germans. He was also a big friend of the Holy Roman Empire's Emperor. He conquered almost all of the terrain of today's Poland and he united all of the Polish tribes in one country, with the capital in Gniezno.
Gallus Anonymus writes that Mieszko was blind until his 7th birthday. That information was used by later chroniclers, but it's probably just an allegory. 

Mieszko was the first catholic ruler in Poland, he married Dobrawa of Bohemia and after that got baptised. 


OneRepublic

OneRepublic is an American pop rock band that formed in Colorado. The band has become popular after the release of their hit single, "Apologize". The remix was listed on Timbaland's "Shock Value" and "Dreaming Out Loud".


Since the summer of 2006, OneRepublic has usually been ranked as one of the top musical acts on MySpace, because of a lot of exposure within the online community. They were started by songwriter and record producer Ryan Tedder and his high school friend Zach Filkins in Colorado Springs. The group became official in 2003 with Tedder, Filkins, Drew Brown, Eddie Fisher, and Tim Myers in Los Angeles. After signing a deal with Columbia Records they entered the studio in the summer of 2005 with producer Greg Wells with two songs produced by lead singer Ryan Tedder. After a brief stint on Columbia, they moved to Interscope Records/Mosley Music Group. Tim Myers left the group in 2007 and Brent Kutzle replaced him.

OneRepublic's song "Apologize" was listed on Timbaland's 2007 release "Shock Value". The song was released as the single in its original form on the band's debut album Dreaming Out Loud. In addition the single is almost double platinum (marking two million copies sold in the U.S.) It peaked at number three on the U.K. Official Top 40 Week on November 11, 2007.

The band performed "Apologize" live on Fox's "So You Think You Can Dance" on August 2, 2007. In October 2007, they performed "Apologize" on an episode of "One Life to Live", along with Timbaland. It was also played at the end of the television show "Cold Case" episode "Sabotage".

The follow up single to "Apologize" is "Stop and Stare" as announced on their MySpace page. In 2007, the group went on tour with various opening acts. In 2008, they announced a tour with The Daylights, Maroon 5, Brandi Carlile, and Ry Cuming.


40 Wall Street

40 Wall Street, also known as the Trump Building, is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 927 feet (283 m) tall and has 70 floors. It was built in 1930 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

40 Wall Street was the tallest building in the world from April to May 1930. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Woolworth Building. The Chrysler Building became the tallest a few months later.

At first it was named the Bank of the Manhattan Company Building, but when the name of the bank changed the building was named for its address of 
40 Wall Street. When Donald Trump bought the building in 1995 he changed it to The Trump Building.



Ryan Tedder

Ryan Benjamin Tedder (born June 26, 1979) is an American singer, and Grammy nominated songwriter and record producer born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He has written and produced for various musicians but, as of 2007, he is best known as the front man for the "MySpace US rock phenomenon", OneRepublic. He wrote songs and produced for Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera and also, did some work for Timbaland.


Brent Kutzle

Brent Kutzle (born 1985) is an American musician, born in Newport Beach, California. He has written and performed for various musicians both underground music (Vermeer, Augustine, This Allure, Vanessa Jourdan, Venus Infers, Jessica Dobson, and Torrent) and mainstream. Brent is best known for playing the bass guitar and cello for OneRepublic (Interscope Records). When he was 13, he attended McGarvin Intermediate School in Westminster, California. He also attended La Quinta High School in Westminster, California, California Baptist University in Riverside and Vanguard University in Costa Mesa.

Pop rock

Pop rock is a subgenre of pop music and rock music that uses catchy pop style, with light lyrics over top of guitar-based songs. Pop rock is very popular. Famous singers like Taylor Swift sing in the pop rock zone.


Dreaming Out Loud (OneRepublic album)

Dreaming Out Loud is the debut album by OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells with two songs produced by Ryan Tedder. OneRepublic has been the number one band on MySpace for over a year, and has been in MySpace Music's Top Artists since early 2006, with over 24 million total song plays and counting. The album was released in the US on November 20, 2007, although the entire album had been leaked on to the internet months before.


Shock Value (Timbaland album)

Shock Value is the second solo studio album by record producer Timbaland. It is his fifth album overall. The album has a long list of guest artists, including Fall Out Boy, Justin Timberlake, The Hives, Keri Hilson, Nelly Furtado, Missy Elliott, 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, OneRepublic, Elton John, Magoo and Nicole Scherzinger.

The album debuted at number 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, with 138,000 copies sold. It debuted at number ten in the United Kingdom. On the week of July 22, it went to number five. The album then reached number two in the UK and number thirteen in France.

The album was certified Platinum in Canada (100,000 units) by the CRIA in August 2007. On the Australian ARIA Albums Chart, "Shock Value" was certified 3x Platinum with sales of 210,000+ copies.

In BBC Radio 1's end of year chart for 2007, "Shock Value" was the ninth most bought album in the UK.

Notes

The Shock Value 2008 Tour was supposed to be Timbaland's concert tour to support his album, "Timbaland Presents: Shock Value". Dates in Australia and New Zealand were announced. However, the tour was canceled one day before it was going to begin due to scheduling conflicts in Europe.

Apologize (song)

"Apologize" is a song released by OneRepublic. It is on their first album, "Dreaming Out Loud". The song charted well around the world. It reached number one in Australia, Austria, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Turkey, The Netherlands and the United World Chart. The song has reached the United States and United Kingdom Top 5. It spent thirteen weeks at number one in Canada. It was ranked 15th in the Year End Chart of the United World Chart.


Stop and Stare

"Stop and Stare" is the second single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud". "Stop and Stare" was released to US radio on November 27, 2007.

Say (All I Need)

"Say (All I Need)" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud". The song had a single release on 24 June 2008. It got a lot of high digital download sales after the album's release, and charted, meaning it may be the third single from the album.

Mosley Music Group

Mosley Music Group is a record label created by record producer Tim "Timbaland" Mosley.

Interscope Records

Interscope Records is an American major record label. It is owned by Universal Music Group. 

The label was founded by Jimmy Iovine and Ted Field. It was made as a joint venture with Atlantic Records. One of the main features of the company was weak control over the musicians. This allowed them to freely implement their ideas in creativity. Already in 1993, a year after its founding, the label's profits recouped the $20 million invested in its opening. Until May 2014, the CEO of the company was Iovine, after which he was replaced by John Yanick. 

In 1992, Interscope acquired the exclusive distribution rights for the releases of hip-hop-specialized label Death Row Records, whose artists included Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur. Later, due to the distribution of the gangsta rap albums by the company, the label was embroiled in great conflict with members of the public. As a result, in 1995 Time Warner, owner of Universal Music Group, severed ties with Interscope, selling 50% of the shares to Field and Iovine for $115 million. In 1996, 50% of the shares were bought for $ 200 million by MCA Music Entertainment Group, later known as Universal Music Group.



Mercy (song)

"Mercy" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic, from their debut album, "Dreaming Out Loud". The song helped gain the band's popularity on MySpace, and was voted as one of the best songs on MySpace. The song was released as a single in the autumn of 2008 promoting their tour of the UK.

Greg Wells

Greg Wells is a musician and twice Grammy-nominated record producer. He is from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, and lives and works in Los Angeles. 


The Daylights

The Daylights are an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 2004. The trio is fronted by brothers Ran Jackson and Ricky Jackson, with Svend Lerche on Drums. Best known for their song, "I Hope This Gets To You" that was released in December, 2010 as a virtual “love letter” on YouTube, it was based on a concept they conceived with their roommate for his long distance girlfriend. Within the first 72 hours, the video was viewed over 1.5 million times & every major press outlet had something to say about the phenomenon.
Their self titled album "The Daylights", which was recorded in London and produced by critically acclaimed producer, Youth (Paul McCartney, The Futureheads) was released September 14, 2010 on the band's own label, 87th Floor Records. The album spent 5 weeks on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart. "Rogue Machine" and "I Hope This Gets To You" both reached Top 50 at Hot AC radio, and The Daylights were the only unsigned band in the Top 100. "I Hope This Gets To You" went to #4 on Sirius XM.
The Daylights had three headlining tours in support of their self-titled album, including the "No Reverse Tour" fall 2011. Other tours include long runs with Katy Perry, OneRepublic, NeedtoBreathe, Civil Twilight and The Parlotones.







Los Angeles County, California

Los Angeles County is a county in California and is by far the most populous county in the United States. At the 2020 census, 10,014,009 people lived in the county. Its population is larger than that of 41 individual U.S. states. It is the third-biggest metropolitan economy in the world, with a Nominal GDP of over $700 billion larger than the GDPs of Belgium, Norway, and Taiwan.

The county seat is the City of Los Angeles.

Los Angeles County is one of the first counties of California. It was created at the time of statehood in 1850.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (15%) is water.

Los Angeles County includes San Clemente Island and Santa Catalina Island. They are part of the Channel Islands archipelago off the Pacific Coast.

The 2010 United States Census says that 9,818,605 people lived in Los Angeles County. The people of Los Angeles County were 4,936,599 (50%) White, 1,346,865 (13.7%) Asian, 856,874 (9%) African American, 72,828 (0.7%) Native American, 26,094 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 2,140,632 (21.8%) from other races, and 438,713 (4.5%) from two or more races.

The county has a lot of Asian Americans. It has the most amount of immigrants who are Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Filipino, Indian, Indonesian, Korean, Sri Lankan, Taiwanese, and Thai in the world.

Los Angeles County has a large Latino population. 73% of the Latino population in Los Angeles County is of Mexican heritage, according to 2020 Census estimates. Another 9.6% were of Salvadoran heritage, 6.0% Guatemalan, 3.1% South American, and Honduran 1.3%. The remainder were of Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican, other Central American, or other Hispanic/Latino origin in Los Angeles County.
The Public Policy Institute of California estimates that in 2008, Los Angeles County had more than 1/3 of California's undocumented immigrants. They are more than ten percent of the population.

In 2015, there were over 2,000 Christian churches. Most of those churches are Catholic. Roman Catholics are about 40% of the population. 202 Jewish synagogues, 145 Buddhist temples, 48 Muslim mosques, 44 Bahai worship centers, 37 Hindu mandirs, 28 Tenrikyo churches and fellowships, 16 Shinto worship centers, and 14 Sikh gurdwaras are in the county. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles has about 5 million members, and it is the biggest diocese in the United States.

Los Angeles County has voted for the Democratic candidate in most of the presidential elections in the past 40 years. It voted for the Democrat in every election since 1988. However, it did vote twice for Dwight Eisenhower (1952, 1956), Richard Nixon (1968, 1972), and Ronald Reagan (1980, 1984). Nixon and Reagan were from California.

In the United States House of Representatives, Los Angeles County is split between 18 congressional districts: In the California State Senate, Los Angeles County is split between 15 legislative districts: In the California State Assembly, Los Angeles County is split between 24 legislative districts:

The following table includes the number of incidents reported and the rate per 1,000 persons for each type of offense.

Crime in 2008 (reported by the sheriff's office or police)

Crime in 2013

The entertainment and digital media industry are related to Los Angeles County. All six major movie companies Paramount Pictures, 21st Century Fox, Sony, Warner Bros., Universal Pictures, and Walt Disney Studios are in the county.

368,500 people work in high-tech in Los Angeles County. 365,000 people work in manufacturing in Los Angeles County.

These big companies have headquarters in Los Angeles County:

There are 88 incorporated cities in Los Angeles County. The 2016 Estimate says the biggest are:


Lead guitar

Lead guitar means the use of a guitar to perform melody lines, instrumental fills, and solos within a song structure.

In rock and metal bands, the lead guitarist is usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar (chords and riffs). In some rock or metal bands with two guitarists, the two performers may perform as a "guitar tandem", and trade off the lead guitar and rhythm guitar roles, or both guitarists can play the same role ("dual lead guitars" or "dual rhythm guitars").

Musician Lou Reed used an "interlocking" dual guitar style, with the Velvet Underground and on his solo records, where two guitarists would play complementary riffs in different rhythms. The Eagles and other bands also used this style.

Brandi Carlile

Brandi Carlile (born June 1, 1981) is an American singer and songwriter. Carlile's music has been categorized in several genres, including pop, rock, country, indie and folk.


Coburg (district)

Coburg () is a rural district in Upper Franconia in north Bavaria, Germany.

The history of the district is largely influenced by the city of Coburg. From 1826 to 1918, the region was part of the small duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. After World War I, the Coburg portion of this state decided to join Bavaria. The present district is identical to that portion, but excludes the city of Coburg and the exclave of Königsberg, which is part of Haßberge district. The city of Neustadt was a district-free city until 1972 and was then made part of the district.

The district is located in the hilly country between the Thuringian Slate Mountains and the Main valley.

The arms consist of the blue and white checkered pattern of Bavaria and the arms of the Wettin dynasty of Saxony. These arms represent the historic affiliations to both states.

Prophets of Islam

Prophets in Islam are people who Muslims consider to be chosen by Allah (which is the God in Islam) to guide people. They are called Nabi and Rasul or Mursal. According to Islamic tradition, Allah has sent prophets to every nation. According to Islam, Muhammad was the only messenger sent to convey God's message to all mankind, and all other prophets were sent to one or more specific tribes or nations.

According to Islamic belief, the Prophets are the ones who are guaranteed by Allah to attain Paradise in the Hereafter.

There are many prophets in Islam, of them 25 prophets are mentioned by name in the Qur'an. These are:

Muslims believe in other prophets and/or chosen figures other than those mentioned by name in the Qur'an, such as: Joshua, Samson, Luqman, Caleb, Seth, Daniel, Isaiah, Hosea, Jeremiah, Shem, Benjamin, Khidr, and Dhu al-Qarnayn (traditionally believed to be a reference to Alexander the Great).

According to Sunni tradition, Prophets mentioned in the Quran are also messengers, but not all prophets are messengers.This is proved by Prophet Muhammed (peace be upon him) as he was a prophet and a messenger whilst some prophets were only prophets and not messengers.

To believe in God's messengers (Rusul) means to be convinced that God sent men as guides to fellow human beings and jinn (khalq) to guide them to the truth.

The prophets were sent on this Earth for a purpose. That was to call every one towards the one who created the entire creation. To call everyone towards the one who hears all. The one who sees all. The one who forgives. The most important message was to worship Allah alone and to follow his teachings. All of them, Adam, Nuh, Ibrahim, Ishaaq, Ismail, Musa, Haarun, Dawood, Sulaymaan, Isa, Muhammad, and others invited people to worship Allah alone and not to pray to idols and other false gods. All of the prophets were an example to lead moral, righteous, purpose-driven lives free of doubts and confusions.

Bert Trautmann

Bernhard Carl "Bert" Trautmann, OBE (22 October 1923 – 19 July 2013) was a German footballer. He played from 1949 to 1964 for Manchester City as the keeper. Trautmann was in Germany almost unknown, and never played in the national team of his country. But in Manchester, he was one of the most popular players.

Bert Trautmann was born on 22 October 1923. He began playing football at age 10, when he was 18 he had to go to do his military service for the German Nazi-Regime. The paratrooper was first imprisoned by the Soviet, later by the British army. He did not leave Britain after his release, and became a professional football player.

After some time he joined Manchester City. At first, the fans hated the "Nazi boy", but they soon accepted him. He was a leading goalkeeper for ten years in the English first division (which was then the top division). In the 1956 FA Cup final, it the 75th minute, Trautmann was hit by a Birmingham City player. The crash broke his neck, but Trautmann finished the game. It was often called a medical miracle that Trautmann did not die on that day.

Just a few days Trautmann's medical miracle, his five years old son died in a car crash. In 1950 he had married for the first time, and in 1990 he married again. In 2004 he was honored by Queen Elizabeth II.

Trautmann died on 19 July 2013 from probable heart failure after suffering two previous heart attacks. He was 89 years old.


Colbie Caillat

Colbie Caillat (May 28, 1985) is an American pop music singer and songwriter. She was born in Malibu, California on May 28, 1985. Caillat grew up in Newbury Park, California. She currently lives in Malibu, California. Her song "Brighter than the Sun" was a hit.

659 Nestor

659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun. Along with the other Jupter trojans in the Greek Camp, it orbits in the same orbit as Jupiter, about 60 degrees ahead of the planet.

It was seen on 30th June 2006 when it occulted TYC 6854-00630. The length of time the occultation lasted (9.52 seconds) equates to a size of at least 109 km diameter.

It was found by Max Wolf in 1908. Its provisional name was 1908 CS.


Trumpet vine

Trumpet vine or trumpet-creeper is a large vine, notable by its showy flowers. "Campsis radicans" (L.)Seem. ex Bureau is native of southeastern US. 


David (disambiguation)

David (name) is a common given name and surname.

David, King of Israel (c. 1011 – 971 BC) is a major character in the Bible and the Koran.

David may also mean:

People:

Art:

Films:

Stone Temple Pilots

Stone Temple Pilots (often called STP) is an American rock band that played in the 1990s and early 2000s. They broke up in 2003 but reformed in 2008. The band has Scott Weiland (vocals), brothers Robert (bass guitar, vocals) and Dean DeLeo (guitar), and Eric Kretz (drums, percussion). The band's five albums have sold more than 17.5 million in the United States alone and more than 30 million albums worldwide. The band had fifteen top ten singles, or songs sold on their own, on the Billboard rock charts, including six #1's, and one #1 album on the pop charts (1994's "Purple"). In 1994, the band won a Grammy for "Best Hard Rock Performance" for their song "Plush". Stone Temple Pilots were also ranked at #40 by VH1 on the 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock list. 

The band released the greatest-hits album "Thank You" in 2003. The band then fell apart. Since the band's end, Weiland moved on to become the frontman of Velvet Revolver with former members of Guns N' Roses. The DeLeo brothers started the band Army of Anyone with Richard Patrick from the band Filter. Army of Anyone released its first album in 2006, which was also called "Army of Anyone". Kretz started Bomb Shelter Studios in Los Angeles. 

In 2008, Stone Temple Pilots reformed. They went on a concert tour that began on May 1 and ended on October 30. In a short time, they will return to the studio to record a seventh album.

Scott Weiland and Robert DeLeo met during a concert. They formed a band with two of Scott's friends from Edison High School, Corey Hicock (guitar) and David Allen (drums). They then named their band "Mighty Joe Young" and recorded a demo tape that was completed around 1990. During the recording, they got a call from their lawyer who told them that there was a blues man who had already claimed the name Mighty Joe Young. They changed the band's name to Shirley Temple's Pussy and performed under this name for a short time, but then changed the name again due to record label pressure. They decided to use the initials STP and soon used the name Stone Temple Pilots in 1992.


Urinal deodorizer block

Urinal deodorizer blocks are the small disinfectant blocks found in urinals. There are many other words for them, such as: "piss biscuit", "urinal cake", "urinal mint", or "urinal puck".

The blocks are used to kill germs and take away the bad smell of urinals in public bathrooms. They are put over the urinal drain and evaporate very slowly. Because they do not dissolve or break apart in water, they do not take away the smell of the flushing water or urine. Different blocks are made with different chemicals, like paradichlorobenzene or naphthalene. The block is something scented to smell like different things, such as cherries.

New York Philharmonic

The New York Philharmonic is the oldest symphony orchestra in the United States. It performs most of its concerts at the Avery Fisher Hall in New York.

The orchestra started in 1842. At that time it was called the Philharmonic Society. At its first concert the orchestra played a very long programme which included Beethoven’s "Symphony No. 5" conducted by Ureli Corelli Hill. The musicians worked as a cooperative or "communistic" society. This meant that the musicians themselves made up the rules about how the orchestra should be run: who would become a member, which music would be performed, and who would conduct. At the end of each season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves.

The orchestra were a great success, but they needed a new concert hall. They gave a fund-raising concert which included Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9". It was the first time it had ever been played in America. The concert took place in Castle Garden on the southern tip of Manhattan. There were about 400 performers in the orchestra and choir. The words that the choir sings were translated into English. It was the first time this work had been sung in English anywhere in the world. However, the tickets cost a lot of money: US$2.00 each, so not so many people came. It was some time before the orchestra got their concert hall. Many people thought Beethoven's 9th symphony was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called "Ode to Joy". In 1865 Theodore Eisfeld conducted the Orchestra’s memorial concert for the recently assassinated Abraham Lincoln, but the last movement was not performed because it was thought that the "Ode to Joy" was not suitable for the sad occasion.

Leopold Damrosch, who had been Franz Liszt's concertmaster at Weimar, was the orchestra’s conductor for the 1876-1877 season. But the public did not like him, so he started his own orchestra: the Symphony Society of New York. When he died in 1885, his 23-year-old son Walter Johannes Damrosch took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic. It was Walter who would make the rich Scotsman Andrew Carnegie realize that New York needed a really good concert hall and on May 5, 1891 both Walter and the Russian composer Tchaikovsky conducted at the first concert of the city's new Music Hall. A few years later this new hall was renamed Carnegie Hall after the man who gave the money for it to be built.

Theodore Thomas began conducting the Philharmonic in 1877 and made it a very good orchestra. In 1891 Thomas left New York to found the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

Anton Seidl conducted the orchestra until 1898. Seidl had worked as Wagner's assistant and was famous for conducting Wagner’s music. He gave the first performance of Antonín Dvořák's Ninth Symphony "From the New World." Many people were sad when Seidl suddenly died in 1898 from food poisoning at the age of 47. Twelve thousand people applied for tickets to his funeral at the Metropolitan Opera House at 39th Street and Broadway and the streets were jammed with people and traffic.

In 1909 the orchestra was organized differently. Instead of a cooperative, they were run by a small group of people called . They persuaded Gustav Mahler to be principal conductor. Instead of 18 concerts a season they gave 54, which included a tour of New England. Mahler was used to conducting opera, but now he could conduct symphonies, and he introduced audiences to his own compositions. During his time the orchestra were given regular salaries for the first time.

Between 1911 and 1920, the Philharmonic's conductor was Josef Stransky, who led every single one of the orchestra's concerts during this period.

When the Philharmonic joined together with the National Symphony in 1921, they had the Dutch conductor Willem Mengelberg. He stayed there for nine years, although other conductors, including Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Igor Stravinsky, and Arturo Toscanini, led about half the concerts. They started to have an outdoor symphony series, playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan. In 1920 the orchestra hired Henry Hadley as "associate conductor" to perform concerts which included works by American composers.

In 1924, the Young People's Concerts were started, and soon grew to 15 concerts per season by the end of the 1920s. They started to make recordings. In 1928 they joined together with another orchestra, the New York Symphony Society. Toscanini conducted the newly organized orchestra, and continued until 1936.

The English conductor John Barbirolli and the Pole Artur Rodzinski, were joint replacements for Toscanini in 1936. The next year Barbirolli was made the main conductor, a post he held until the spring of 1941. In 1943, Rodzinski became conductor. He had also been conducting on the Sunday afternoon radio broadcast when CBS listeners around the country heard the announcer break in on Arthur Rubinstein's performance of Brahms's Second Piano Concerto to tell them about the attack on Pearl Harbor.

Artur Rodzinski, Bruno Walter, and Sir Thomas Beecham made a series of recordings with the Philharmonic for Columbia Records during the 1940s.

Leopold Stokowski and Dimitri Mitropoulos were the orchestra’s two conductors in 1949, with Mitropoulos becoming conductor in 1951. Mitropoulos often conducted new music and music that was not well known. In 1957, Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until, in the course of the season, Bernstein was made conductor, becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor of the Philharmonic.

Leonard Bernstein was Music Director for 11 seasons. Many new things happened during this time. Two television series were started on CBS: the "Young People's Concerts" and "Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic." The first of these started in 1958. It was a new idea and it won every award for educational television. Bernstein continued the orchestra's recordings with Columbia Records until he retired as music director in 1969. He got lots of composers, especially American composers such as Aaron Copland, to write new works for the orchestra.
In 1971 Pierre Boulez became the first Frenchman to have the job of conductor of the Philharmonic. Boulez had new ideas about music to be performed. He was a composer himself and often performed modern music.

Zubin Mehta became conductor in 1978. He, too, conducted a lot of new music. 
Kurt Masur, who had often been conducting the Philharmonic since 1981, became conductor in 1991. During his time he included a series of free Memorial Day Concerts at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine and annual concert tours abroad that included the orchestra's first trip to mainland China. His stayed until 2002, and was then given the honorary title “Music Director Emeritus of the Philharmonic”.

On 26 February 2008 the Philharmonic gave a concert in Pyongyang in North Korea. It was the first time since the end of the Korean War in 1953 that there had been an important cultural visit from the United States to North Korea.

In September 2002, 60 years after conducting the Orchestra at the age of twelve at Lewisohn Stadium, Lorin Maazel became conductor of the Philharmonic. In his first subscription week he conducted the first ever performance of John Adams' "On the Transmigration of Souls". This work had been composed in memory of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. He performed new music as well as music of the well-known composers. He stayed with the orchestra until the end of the 2008-2009 season.


Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis

Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis (Vietnamese: "Thằn lằn Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng") is a type of gecko native to Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Quang Binh province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam. It was found and described in 2002.


Philip II of Macedon

Philip II was an ancient king of Macedonia. He ruled from 359 BC to 336 BC. He was the father of the emperor Alexander the Great, who was born in 356 BC. Philip united all of Ancient Greece. He would either bring a city-state into his hegemony with his military or he would talk/bribe the leaders into joining his empire. It was under his reign in 338 BC at Chaeronea against Athens that Alexander first showed his military genius. Philip was assassinated by one of his bodyguards, at the celebration of the wedding of his daughter. Alexander soon carried out Philip's plan to attack the Persian Empire.

Lake Enriquillo

Lake Enriquillo is a lake in western Dominican Republic, near the border with Haiti. Its Taíno name was "Hagueygagon" but, in colonial times, it had the name "Jaragua Lake". 
It is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley, a long valley between the "Sierra de Neiba", to the north, and the "Sierra de Bahoruco", to the south.

The lake has an area of 265 km², and its surface is around 44 meters below sea level, the lowest point in the Caribbean. There are three small islands in the lake: Isla Cabritos, Barbarita, and La Islita.

Only small rivers flow into the lake. The rivers that flow from the Sierra de Neiba always have water. Those rivers that flow from the Sierra de Bahoruco sometimes do not have water.

It is a salt water lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water because the rivers that flow into the lake are small and the evaporation of its water is high.

Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos. There are also American crocodiles and some fishes as tilapia. Because it is an arid region, the vegetation around the lake is poor with cacti and small shrubs.

The lake is part of the "Lago Enriquillo e Isla Cabritos National Park" and of the "Jaragua - Bahoruco - Enriquillo Biosphere Reserve".

The main cities on the coast (or very near) of the lake are:

Nebuchadnezzar II

Nebuchadnezzar II (about 642 BC – 562 BC) was king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire, and reigned ~605 BC – 562 BC.

According to the Bible, he conquered Judah and Jerusalem, and sent the Jews into exile. He is featured in the Book of Daniel and is mentioned in several other books of the Bible. He (allegedly) destroyed Solomon's Temple.

He is said to have built the Hanging Gardens of Babylon. The king built the hanging gardens in attempt to please his wife. His kingdom had a great flow of trade and prosperity. However, some scholars argue that the Gardens may have been constructed by the Assyrian king Sennacherib in his capital city, Nineveh.

Orthopedic cast

Orthopedic casts are casts made of plaster that cover a limb to hold a broken bone in place while it heals. Doctors use casts of fiberglass currently. In early times, people often used splints to help heal broken bones. It is thought that orthopedic casts came about from splints.

Battle of Patay

The Battle of Patay (18 June 1429) was an important battle in the Hundred Years' War between the French and the English in north-central France. The French won and the English lost badly, historical accounts report that the English army was four times as large as the French army. Many men in the English longbow corps died. Many English leaders of the battle were killed or taken prisoner. This battle changed the course of the war and made the French more powerful. Joan of Arc was the head of the battle leading the French and was the reason that the French won the battle and the Hundred Years' War.

Battletoads (1991 video game)

Battletoads is a fighting video game by Rare Ltd. where the players play as toads that fight.

The game offers gameplay changes as the player battles with toads, fights with frogs or attack other amphibians.

Battle of Crécy

The Battle of Crécy happened on 26 August 1346 near Crécy in northern France, and was one of the most important battles of the Hundred Years' War. The smaller English army won against the much larger French army. New tactics and weapons make this an important battle in the history of warfare because the English used longbows to win against French knights. The longbow was a faster weapon to fire than the French and Genoan crossbow and could send arrows farther than the crossbow could and with more force. Before this battle during the Middle Ages, knights had been the most important part of an army. Because of this change some historians call this battle the beginning of the end of chivalry.

In the battle, the French knights, protected by chain mail reinforced with metal plate, were nearly exhausted by charging several miles into the battle (against their king's wishes). Their horses had to walk through deep mud and charge up a hill into English and Welsh arrow storm. They were cut down. Many French nobles died.
The knights' horses were barely protected at all. The storm of arrows killed or disabled the knights' mounts, and left the knights floundering in the mud on foot beneath a hail of arrows.

The bolts (heavy arrows) of the Genoese crossbowmen at the forefront of the battle could not reach the English. They fell short because the crossbow strings were wet. The archers had also misjudged the range and shot too early and too low. The English, controlling the high ground, were able to run a short distance down the hill and pick off the Genoese with volleys of arrows. As the Genoese attempted to retreat, they were cut down by the French knights, who thought the withdrawal was cowardly. This wasted the first charge of French cavalry, and left them disorganized for the charge on the English.

In a very strong defensive position, Edward III ordered that everyone fight on foot. He split the army in three divisions, one commanded by his sixteen-year-old son, Edward, the Black Prince. The archers were set in a 'V-formation' along the top of the hill. While they waited, the English built a system of ditches, pits and caltrops, to hurt and bring down the enemy cavalry.


102 (number)

102 (also written as CII or one hundred [and] two) is a number. It is after 101 and before 103, and is even. 102 is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 17, 34, 51, and 102.

Coffea

Coffea (coffee) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. Out of about 120 species, we make coffee from only two, "Coffea arabica" and "C. canephora".

"Coffea" are shrubs or small trees, native to subtropical Africa and southern Asia. The seeds are called "beans" in the coffee trade. Beans from the two productive species are widely cultivated in tropical countries. Coffee is one of the world's major commodity crops and is the major export product of some countries.

The caffeine in coffee "beans" protects the seeds of the plant. It is a form of natural plant defense against herbivory. The fruits and leaves also contain caffeine, and can be used to make a tea called 'Coffee cherry tea'. The fruit is also used in many types of soft drink.

Several insect pests attack the plants and affect coffee production. 
Coffee is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera (butterfly and moth) species.

in Europe Coffee entered Europe through two routes, through land trade of the Ottoman Empire and through sea trade, from the ports of Yemen and the Horn of Africa. Was.

It was also raised in this country. Around 1650 AD, coffee was imported to England and coffeehouses were established in Oxford and London.

The cultivation of coffee plant in England started from the same time, but pests and the cold weather of the region destroyed the coffee plants and the British had to turn to tea cultivation instead of coffee cultivation, first in Europe to coffee as a drink. Muslims were viewed with suspicion, but it is said that around the year 1600, Pope Clement VIII enjoyed a cup of coffee so much that he considered its monopoly in the hands of Muslims as a great mistake and demanded to "baptize" it. Coffee drinking in Austria increased dramatically after the defeat of the siege of Vienna in 1683 and the confiscation of their large coffee reserves.

Before the beginning of the 18th century, the use of coffee drinks was common throughout Europe. European countries introduced this plant to tropical regions so that these countries can cultivate and mass produce coffee plants. In Europe, like the Middle East and Greater Iran, coffeehouses became a place for socializing, studying and exchanging opinions on current issues. Another similarity was the possibility of turning them into a gathering place for undesirable elements and vandals. Charles II, King of England, introduced coffeehouses as "places for traitors to meet, and to spread vulgar gossip about his Majesty and his ministers." In the 18th century, the famous Paris coffee house, Café Procope, had regular customers such as Mara, Danton and Robespierre who planned the revolution there during the French Revolution 


Arthur Schlesinger Jr

Arthur Meier Schlesinger, Jr., born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger (October 15, 1917 – February 28, 2007), was an American historian and social critic. He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize. His work explored the liberalism of American political leaders, especially that of Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Robert F. Kennedy. He served as Special Assistant and Court Historian to the President in John F. Kennedy's administration. He wrote a lot about the Kennedy administration. These writings have the title "A Thousand Days". 

When the United States thought about invading Cuba at the Bay of Pigs, he was one of only two people who opposed the invasion. The other was William Fulbright. Schlesinger sat silent, except for a private memorandum to the president. He did this, because he did not want to undermine the President's desire for a unanimous decision. 

When it had become clear the invasion had failed, Schlesinger later wrote: "In the months after the Bay of Pigs, I bitterly reproached myself for having kept so silent during those crucial discussions in the cabinet room ... I can only explain my failure to do more than raise a few timid questions by reporting that one's impulse to blow the whistle on this nonsense was simply undone by the circumstances of the discussion."

Schlesinger contributed many things to liberal theory. He was mostly for the kind of liberalism Kennedy did. He was admired for his wit, scholarship, and devotion to delineating the history and nature of liberalism. Since 1990 he had been a critic of multiculturalism.

He popularized the term "imperial presidency" during the Nixon administration by writing the book "The Imperial Presidency".

Vu Quang National Park

Vu Quang National Park is a national park in Ha Tinh Province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam. Saola and "Muntiacus vuquangensis" are a species found in this park. Vu Quang National park has a high mountainous topography, which is separated from the surrounding. It has a tropical climate that is a good condition for the growth of animals and plants. This is a precinct virgin forest that is remained in Vietnam and is a value ecology for economy, scientific and landscape.

Bae Yong-joon

Bae Young Joon is an actor from Seoul. He became popular in Japan on the hit Korean drama, "A Winter Tale". He was born on August 29, 1972.
He is known for being handsome. He stars in another Korean history drama, "Tae Wang Sa Shin Gi", which is popular in both Korea and Japan.




Urban districts of Germany

In Germany an Urban District ( is a large town or city that is responsible for its own local government. Germany is divided into 429 districts. 313 are rural districts ("Landkreise", see List of German rural districts) and 116 urban districts ("Kreisfreie Städte" / "Stadtkreise") which are listed below.

It is not part of a rural district, or county ().

In some states, there is another level of government, the Regierungsbezirk or governmental district. Several urban and rural districts are joined together to make a regierungsbezirk, which does some of their jobs, especially things in land-use planning which can affect several districts.

They are the equivalent of an independent city in the United States or unitary authority in the United Kingdom.

¹ "following the "Göttingen Law" of January 1 1964, the town of Göttingen is incorporated into the district ("Landkreis") of Göttingen, but the rules on urban districts still apply, as long as no other rules exist."
² "following the "Law on the region of Hannover", Hannover counts since November 1 2001 as an urban district as long as no other rules apply."

There are no longer any urban districts. The town of Saarbrücken used to be an urban district but became incorporated into the Saarbrücken Town Federation on January 1 1974.

The urban districts of Görlitz, Hoyerswerda, Plauen und Zwickau lost their status as „Kreisfreie Stadt“ on 1st July 2008 in a reform of Saxony's districts.


Tel Megiddo

Megiddo () is a hill in Israel. It is near the modern settlement of Megiddo, and is known for theological, historical and geographical reasons. 

In ancient times, Megiddo was an important city-state. It is also known alternatively as Tel Megiddo (Hebrew) and Tell al-Mutesellim (Arabic). According to some interpretations of the Christian Bible, this will be the place for Armageddon (that derives from the name's place in Hebrew) or the final battle between the forces of light led by Jesus Christ and the forces of darkness led by Satan or the Anti-Christ after the "End of Days".

Megiddo is a "tel" (hill or mound) made of 26 layers of the ruins of ancient cities in a strategic location at the head of a pass through the Carmel Ridge, which overlooks the Valley of Jezreel from the west.

Neo-Babylonian Empire

The Neo-Babylonian Empire or Second Babylonian Empire (also known as Chaldea) refers Babylonia during the 11th, or Chaldean, dynasty. The old empire was torn apart by civil wars in the middle 7th Century BC. "Chaldea" meant the southern part of Babylonia, until a Chaldean became the king of Babylon.

This new dynasty ruled between 626 BC when Nabopolassar rebelled against Assyria, till 539 BC when Cyrus the Great captured the city of Babylon. The king Nebuchadnezzar II ruled this kingdom from 605 BC - 562 BC.


CornerShot

CornerShot is a special-use weapon that can fire around corners. It was first made in the early 2000s for SWAT teams and special forces in situations usually involving terrorists and hostages.

Its designers were two former Israeli Army senior officers. It was made with money invested by American investors. It has several different types. So far, the types made are the Standard, the 40 mm grenade launcher, the APR, and an Anti-tank version. It works because its many parts are either on the front or the back end, which are linked by a steel hinge. It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings, LLC, a company in Miami with offices in Israel. Units have been sold in 15 countries. The CornerShot was recently evaluated by the UK Ministry of Defence.

The CornerShot is available in several different types. A standard pistol version is available, along with a 40 mm grenade launcher. Because they are fitted with very good digital cameras, any type can also be used as a tool to spy with. All the models come with the same camera and 2.5 inch color LCD screen. this provides video and a sighting system with transmission capability. The flashlight and camera let it work in either day or night. A variety of cameras, as well as a folding stocks, are available. An accessory rail is standard.

The standard CornerShot can put a normal semi-automatic pistol in the front part of the weapon. It has a remote linkage to the trigger mechanism in the rear part. The mechanism has a trigger pull of 21 newtons (4.7 lbf). It is 820 millimetres (32.67 in) long, with a weight of 3.86 kilograms (8.5 lb).

The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading, single shot grenade launcher. Manually operated, or it can only fire one round at a time. It fires all 40 mm grenades, less-deadly and non-deadly ammunition (or what a gun fires), and tear/irritant gas capsules (the container in a liquid or gas is stored). Spent ammunition is ejected for easier reloading. The same system is available in 37 mm size for police. The 40 mm model has a rifling of 1:1.224, is 900 mm long, and weighs 4.4 kg (9.5 lb). The muzzle velocity is 74.7 m/s (M-406 grenade). Its range for normal fire, single target is 150 meters. For area coverage, with fragmentation munitions, or ammunition that blows apart when it hits its target, is 350 meters.

The Assault Pistol Rifle mounts an assault pistol in the front part of the weapon to allow the use of rifle bullets. It fires 5.56 mm ammunition. The APR pistol can be removed from the CornerShot frame.

It was first shown at the Eurosatory 2004 military trade show in Paris. The model for use against armored vehicles is designed to fire Panzerfaust anti-tank rockets. It can turn 90 degrees instead of the standard 60 degrees.

In the standard version a pistol is mounted in the front end of the weapon, which bends horizontally (like a door does) at a mid-gun sixty-degree hinge. There is a digital camera and a flashlight attached to the barrel in the bayonet position. On the butt side of the hinge are the trigger, camera screen (which is on a horizontal hinge just like the mid-gun hinge but it is off of the left side of the gun), and controls for the camera and light.

The Krummlauf was a bent barrel designed for the Sturmgewehr 44. It was used by Germans in World War II. It allowed for looking and firing around corners with its 30 degree barrel and a periscope-style sight.



Local government in Germany

There are five levels of government in Germany. The lowest two levels of the German government are called local government. The five levels of German government are all legally independent. This means that each level of government has a separate job in Germany. The German constitution (the Grundgesetz) lists the five levels of government and says what each level should do.

The five levels are:

Some states have "Regierungsbezirke" which are a group of counties and cities in an area to help run certain tasks across the area.

Other states have "Ämte" which is a collection of municipalities (local governments) in a district. They might do this if the local governments are too small to run some local services.

Regierungsbezirke and Ämte are not guaranteed by the constitution, they are a way of helping the various levels of government to do their job.

The idea of subsidiarity means that government jobs should be done by the lowest possible level.

There are two types of tasks (jobs) for a municipality. "Voluntary" which a town or municipality can do if it wants, and "mandatory", which are things that a federal or state law says the local government has to do.

Setting up a theatre, a museum, a sports field or a meeting hall is a voluntary task. If the local government can afford to set these things up, the "Land" (state) cannot stop them. Also the "Land" (state) cannot order the local government to set these things up.

The mandatory self-government tasks are things which a local government must do itself, or must get someone else to do for it. For example, one of the most important jobs of any local government is to prove its citizens (people who live there) with water, electricity, heating, and gas, as well as wastewater services and waste removal.

A council could run its own waterworks or join with others to share a larger facility. Modern electricity supply means that a council does not have to run their own power station anymore. But they must help private companies get the electricity supply to local houses and factories.

Although the Federation or state might have the right to control some things, the idea of subsidiarity means that they are "administered" (carried out) at the lowest possible level. For example, marriage ceremonies and issuing birth and death certificates are arranged by the town registrar, the Federation and the Land arrange legal and expert supervision so that the task is done properly and is the same across Germany.

Other transferred tasks include:


Who runs the town or district government depends on where in Germany the town is.

The town council, or town council meeting is responsible for all jobs not given to the "magistrat". The magistrat is the executive responsible for administering services. It is chosen by the town council, and can have both professional and honorary members. The mayor is head of the magistrate, but not of the town council meeting. The mayor is chosen separately by the people not the council. the system is only used in Hesse. It is the oldest system, and the only system where a group of elected people are responsible for the administration, instead of just one, the mayor.

The mayor is head of the council and the administration.

Power is split between the mayor and the town clerk. The mayor has some functions, but day-to-day administration is done by the professional town clerk.

Used in Bavaria and the old eastern länder. The mayor is elected by the people, and he heads the council and the town government. The council is responsible for nearly all decisions. Some decisions are taken by the mayor. The council may give some of its tasks to the mayor, in which case they cannot change they have a really good government


Aguascalientes

Aguascalientes is a state in Mexico that is in the center of the country. Its state capital is the city of Aguascalientes. The state's name means "hot waters" in Spanish. People gave it this name because there are many hot springs in the area. The adjective for Aguascalientes is "hidrocálido", because "hidro" means water and "cálido" means hot.

Vicksburg, Mississippi

Vicksburg is the 20th-largest city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the seat of the County of Warren. It is the only city in the county. It is a riverport on the east bank of the Mississippi River. It is most famous for the American Civil War battle fought there, in which the Union won. It is the county seat of Warren Country, Mississippi. In 2020, the population (the number of people living there) was 25,740.


Chrysler Building

The Chrysler Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 1,046 feet (319 m) tall and has 77 floors. It was built in 1931 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

The Chrysler Building was the tallest building in the world from 1930 to 1931. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Bank of the Manhattan Company Building, now called The Trump Building. The Empire State Building became the tallest one year later. The Chrysler Building is still the tallest brick building in the world.

The Chrysler Building was also the tallest structure in the world from 1930 to 1931. Before it was built, the tallest structure in the world was Eiffel Tower. The Empire State Building became the tallest within a year later.



Mendelian inheritance

Mendelian inheritance is a set of rules about genetic inheritance.
The basic rules of genetics were first discovered by a monk named Gregor Mendel in the 1850s, and published in 1866. For thousands of years, people had noticed how traits are inherited from parents to their children. However, Mendel's work was different because he did experiments on plants, and designed those experiments very carefully.

In his experiments, Mendel studied how traits were passed on in pea plants. He started his crosses with plants that bred true, and counted characters that were either/or in nature (either "tall" or "short"). He bred large numbers of plants, and expressed his results numerically. He used test crosses to reveal the presence and proportion of recessive characters.

Mendel's laws apply widely, but not to all living things. They apply to any organism which is diploid (has two paired sets of chromosomes) and which engages in sexual reproduction. They would not apply to bacteria, for example, or to asexual reproduction. They do apply to the great majority of plants and animals.

Mendel explained the results of his experiment using two scientific laws:

Mendel's laws explained the results he got with his pea plants. Later, geneticists discovered that his laws were also true for other living things, even humans. Mendel's findings from his work on the garden pea plants helped to establish the field of genetics. His contributions were not limited to the basic rules that he discovered. Mendel's care towards controlling experiment conditions along with his attention to his numerical results set a standard for future experiments.



Altenburger Land

Altenburger Land is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany.

The city of Altenburg and the surrounding land were the tiny duchy of Saxe-Altenburg from 1826 to 1918; afterwards it was a state within the Weimar Republic for a short time, before it was dissolved in 1922 in order to join the state of Thuringia.

The district in its present borders was started in 1922 as "Altenburg". In 1952 districts was split in two, called Altenburg and Schmölln. They were joined up again in 1994, but called "Altenburger Land".

Altenburger Land is the easternmost district of Thuringia. It is a mainly agricultural region.


WWF

WWF may stand for:

Tennessee River

The Tennessee River is a tributary, or a river that flows into, the Ohio River. Its path makes a crescent. It starts in eastern Tennessee before entering Alabama. After entering Alabama it goes north and for a few miles, forms the boundary between Alabama and Mississippi. Then it flows through Tennessee and Kentucky, where it joins with the Ohio River at the city of Paducah. The watershed for the Tennessee River includes parts of the states of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi.



Woolworth Building

The Woolworth Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 241 meters (792 feet) tall and has 57 floors. It was built in 1913 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

A businessman named Frank Winfield Woolworth wanted the building to be built for his business, F. W. Woolworth Company. It was created by an architect named Cass Gilbert. The building was called "the Cathedral of Commerce," which means it was like a church of business.

The Woolworth Building was the tallest building in the world from 1913 to 1930. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower. The Bank of the Manhattan Company Building (now named The Trump Building) became the tallest twenty-seven years later.



Keystroke logging

A keylogger is a piece of software or computer hardware which records keystrokes on a computer. Its most common use is in spyware to obtain passwords and credit card details. The government sometimes uses keyloggers to break encryption and to spy on wrong-doers.

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower (also called the Met Life Tower) is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 213 meters (700 feet) tall and has 50 floors. It was built in 1909.

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower was the tallest building in the world from 1909 to 1913. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Singer Building. The Woolworth Building became the tallest four years later.


KLM

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is an airline that is a part of Air France-KLM. It is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It has flights that stay in Netherlands and other flights that go world-wide. KLM goes to 90 different places and its main airport or hub is Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Before KLM combined with Air France, KLM was the main airline of the Netherlands. KLM is the world's oldest airline with its original name. In September 2014, KLM had around 32,000 people working for it. 


Kentucky River

The Kentucky River is a river in the state of Kentucky. It is a tributary of, or flows into, the Ohio River and is 259 miles long. The city of Frankfort is located on the Kentucky River. It is formed at Beattyville, Kentucky, which is in Lee County, which is where the North and South Forks come together.

The river is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville, in Lee County, when the North, Middle and South Forks meet at about 670 feet (204 m). The river flows generally northwest, and is highly meandering in the mountains. It then flows through Daniel Boone National Forest, then past Irvine and Boonesborough, then southwest, passing south of Lexington, then north through Frankfort. It joins the Ohio at Carrollton.

Approximately 15 mi (25 km) southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by the Red River. About 20 mi (30 km) southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by Silver Creek. At High Bridge, it is joined by the Dix River. At Frankfort, it is joined by Benson Creek. 10 mi north of Frankfort, Elkhorn Creek flows into the river.

Between Clays Ferry in Madison County and Frankfort, the river passes through the Kentucky River Palisades. The latter is a series of steep gorges approximately 100 mi (160 km) in length.

According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service, Dr. Thomas Walker named the river, in 1750, Louisa River, after Princess Louisa, the wife of Prince William Augustus, Duke of Cumberland. Later, the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River.

Singer Building

The Singer Building was a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It was 213 meters (700 feet) tall and had 50 floors. It was built in 1908 and torn down in 1968 to make room for the U.S. Steel Building (now One Liberty Plaza). The Singer Building was the tallest building ever demolished by a company.

The Singer Building was the tallest building in the world from 1908 to 1909. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was Philadelphia City Hall. The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower became the tallest one year later.


Maurizio Giuliano

Maurizio Giuliano (born 1975) is an Italian jounalist, writer and traveller. In 2004, he was in the Guinness Book of World Records as the youngest person who has been to all the countries in the world. In 2006/2007, he worked for the UN.

Maurizio Giuliano was born on 24 February 1975 in Milan, Italy, with a lawyer as a father and a housewife as a mother. He lived in Cuba, Chile, and Indonesia, among other countries. As of 2004, he knew eight languages according to one source, while another source specified that he "spoke" five and had a "passion" for two more.

He went to school in Milan and Manchester, and then studied at the University of Oxford in 1996 and the University of Cambridge in 1997. At Oxford, he studied at University College to know about Oxford's inter-disciplinary course in "Philosophy, Politics, and Economics" (PPE), especially Latin America and eastern Europe.

As of 1998, he was a research fellow at the Centre for Social Studies (CESOC) in Santiago, Chile.

He wrote two books and some articles on Cuban politics, especially on the US embargo (which usually stops Americans from doing business with Cubans), which he thinks (in the book ""La Transición Cubana y el "Bloqueo" Norteamericano"" and other works) is not good.

In an article published in the British academic journal "Democratization" in 1998, he focused in particular on how the US embargo against Cuba helps create "empathy" by third parties towards Cuba, so that Cubans think it is support for Cuba's government. So he argued that the US Government – in addition to the embargo's direct influence on supporting Cuba's regime – indirectly interferes with the possibility of improving Cuba. That is because third countries, foreign non-governmental organizations and prominent individuals lend support to Cuba's resistance to the US embargo, and this offsets external pressures for democracy, thereby allowing the Cuban regime to convert such "empathy" into a source of legitimacy at home.

His scholarly work on internal Cuban politics, notably on the 1996 purge of Havana's Centre for American Studies (CEA) (contained in the book ""El Caso CEA"" published in 1998), has been the object of academic reviews, as it exposed the internal conflicts between Cuba's political apparatus and the country's intelligentsia (most intelligent people), previously unknown.
According to some reviews, the book, a work of investigative journalism helped by academic analysis, dealt a strong blow to hard-liners within the regime,
by exposing for the first time the internal conflicts between Cuba's apparatus and its intelligentsia.
In 2001, Cuban exiled scholars Alberto Álvarez and Gerardo González, who were among those purged from the CEA, wrote the book ""¿ Intelectuales vs. Revolución ? El caso del Centro de Estudios sobre América"", which strongly built upon Giuliano's book to offer further insights on relations between Cuba's political apparatus and the country's intellectuals.

Besides work on Cuba, other countries Giuliano covered in his journalistic work include East Timor and Myanmar (formerly known as Burma).

In 2000, he visited North Korea and published an essay about his visit, essentially describing his tour around the country as being like a movie made by the North Korean authorities.

In his journalistic work, he reportedly ran into problems with the authorities of at least two countries. In 1998, he was denied entry to Myanmar after making contact with the National League for Democracy and taking photos of its leader Aung San Suu Kyi. And on 30 October 2002, he was reportedly detained and manhandled by Israeli authorities while crossing the Allenby Bridge.

Giuliano's writings have also included lighter topics. During his time in Kabul, for example, he wrote restaurant reviews for a local English-language magazine.
In the early 2000s, Giuliano was a consultant for the Italian Senate's Committee on Human Rights. At that time, at least some of his writings were also intended to influence the positions of the Italian Government on certain human rights issues, as was the case with material that he wrote on North Korea.

In 2004, Giuliano worked for the International Organization for Migration in the elections for Afghan refugees in Pakistan,
and in 2005 worked in Afghanistan for the United Nations Development Programme.
In both cases, he was working in the field of communications with the media.

Between 2006 and 2008, he served with the United Nations, again in the field of media relations, in the Central African Republic,
Sudan,
Chad,
and Cameroon following the refugee crisis caused by the battle of N'Djamena of February 2008.
According to the Guinness Book, through his work, he had travelled to every single sovereign country in the world (which totalled 193 according to the Guinness Book) by 20 February 2004, aged 28 years and 361 days. He claimed that he had visited a total of up to 238 territories (including the 193 sovereign countries recognized by Guinness), and stated that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) had been the hardest country to get into, after numerous attempts and long waits to get a visa.

He started travelling at age 14, and believes that, as of 2004, he had travelled at least two million miles, including on the Trans-Siberian Railway and through 11 round-the-world air journeys. Some of his earliest journeys were to Albania and Sierra Leone in 1991, aged 16, and to Mongolia in 1992 for their national festivities Naadam. Most of his later travels were related to his journalistic work.

On 20 February 2004 he visited Suriname, thereby completing his visit to all sovereign nations of the world. He held a press conference there on 24 February, where he stated that he had chosen Suriname to complete his record, as the country had always fascinated him due to its richness and variety in cultures and ethnicities.
He then travelled from Suriname to London, with 42 passports (of which 30 were Italian and 12 British) filled with immigration stamps, in order to prove his record to Guinness World Records.

He claimed that most of his travels were unrelated to the record, and that only since 2001, on the suggestion of friends, did he have the Guinness Record in mind when planning his travels. In explaining his record, however, he stated that he might have an "addiction to crossing borders".


Aang

Aang is a fictional character and the main hero in Nickelodeon's television series "". The character was made by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen. He has a part in all the episodes of "Avatar", except "Zuko Alone" (7th episode of ). Aang is also in the first episode, "The Boy In The Iceberg". Aang appears in other media, like trading cards (a card that is collected), video games, T-shirts, and web comics.

Aang is the last Airbender. They were the only race of people who could control the air. He is 112 years old. He has not become older because he had been frozen in an iceberg for 100 years, and is still like a 12 year old, because he used Avatar State to protect himself and his bison. In the second show, it is discovered that Aang is the living form of the Avatar. This is the spirit of the planet in human form. As the Avatar, Aang controls the elements and must keep the Four Nations at peace. The show follows Aang's journeys to do this.

Most of Aang's habits, such as vegetarianism, are based on Buddhist and Taoist tradition. Aang is the series' unwilling hero. He shows hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation. His "lighthearted" personality has been praised by critics. The creators wanted Aang to "win enemies with his wits" and be a "trickster hero".

Aang's character was created by Bryan Konietzko. The sketch showed a middle-aged man with an arrow on his head. Konietzko changed the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison. At the same time, Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole. The idea caused the pair to think:
The plot they described relates with the first and second episodes of the series, where the "water people" (Katara and Sokka) find the "air guy" (Aang) while "trapped in a snowy wasteland" (the Southern Water Tribe) with "some fire people [that] are pressing down on them" (Fire Navy and Zuko). The creators of the show made Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years. He was to wake inside a futuristic world, where he would have a robot named Momo and a flying bison named Appa. The creators lost interest in the theme, and changed it to 100 years of suspended animation. The robotic Momo was changed to a flying lemur, and the herd of bison was reduced to one.

Aang's character has a well grown cultural belief. According to the show's creators, ""Avatar" based on the belief of Buddhism and Taoism." A important part of the character is his vegetarian diet, regular with Buddhism or Taoism. In the Brahmajala Sutra, a Buddhist code of ethics, vegetarianism is encouraged. In "The King of Omashu" (the 5th episode of first season), Aang shows his vegetarian beliefs by refusing to eat meat. Aang shows a reluctance to fight and an dislike of killing. In "The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)", Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village because the people burned his home (one forest). Instead of fighting the spirit, Aang talks with it. 

Airbending, the element that Aang mainly uses in the show, is based on Baguazhang, an "internal" Chinese martial art. This fighting style focuses on circular movements, and does not have many finishing moves. These characteristics were meant to show the unpredictability of air and the peaceful nature of Airbenders in the show.<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref>

In the episode "Tales of Ba Sing Se" (the 15th episode of ), Aang’s name was written as (ān áng) in Chinese.

The creators of the show call each a "book" and each episode a "chapter"; each of these books was take the name of element that Aang must control, except the air. Flashbacks also reveal events that happened before the show opened. In a flashback during "The Storm", Aang remembered the day when elder monks told him that he was the Avatar. Monk Gyatso, Aang's teacher and father-figure, said that Aang must be raised as a normal child. Nearing the end, the monks began to believe that Gyatso interfered too much, so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple. Aang refuses to be torn away from his mentor; he writes a note for Gyatso before flying away on his bison, Appa. It is revealed in the first episodes of the show that a violent storm catches Aang and sends him into the ocean during his escape. Aang then enters the Avatar State, unknowingly, for the first time to encase himself and Appa in a frozen air bubble. An image of this air bubble, resembling an iceberg, ends the flashback.

After the 100 years he was in the iceberg with his bison, the story starts when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the . In the next episode, they all started the trip to the Northern Water Tribe, with hope to find a waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control the water. During their journey they are chased by Zuko, the banished prince of the Fire Nation, who must capture the Avatar to return his honor. In one episode, Aang meets his previous incarnation, Avatar Roku (born on Fire Nation), who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer. When the team, named team "Avatar", arrived in the Northern Water Tribe, a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang (and later Katara) waterbending. Later, in the , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong, a blind earthbending, who becomes his earthbending teacher. Later, Aang and his friends learn about the solar eclipse, which will occur before the end of the summer, and will block the Firebenders powerless. During the season finale, a guru tried to teach Aang how to open up his seven "chakras" in order to control the Avatar State. When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger, he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh "chakra" is opened, locking it. He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se. He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning, but is brought back to life thanks to Katara's special water that has healing abilities, and also her healing abilities.

In the , Aang and his friends had to win a new enemy - an killer hired by Zuko who shoots with his third eye. Aang and his friends from Earth Kingdom attack the Fire Nation capital during the solar eclipse, but the invasion failed because Azula knew about it. In the next episode, Zuko offers to teach Aang firebending. Aang accepts, despite the group's strong opposition. In "The Firebending Masters" (the 13th episode of third season) Aang learns firebending with the help of the last two dragons.

Before the , he is trapped with his friends because he does not find correct he kills Ozai. After he sleepwalks into a forest, he speaks with four previous Avatars (Roku, Kyoshi, Kuruk, Yangchen), and asking for advice. Each gives him a reason to kill the Fire Lord Ozai, discouraging him. After discovering that the forest is atop a swimming lion-turtle, and receiving advice from said lion-turtle, he prepares to confront the Fire Lord. Once Ozai arrives, Aang engages him in battle. After sparing Ozai when redirecting his lightning and then being backed into a corner, Aang enters the Avatar State. The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang's favor, and makes swift work of Ozai. Using a technique taught to him by the lion-turtle, which called Energybending, Aang removes Ozai's ability to firebend, effectively eliminating the threat. Later, in the Fire Nation capital, Aang is seen in monk robes, standing beside Zuko while he become Fire Lord. He is later seen relaxing with his friends in Ba Sing Se. The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing.

Michael Dante DiMartino, one of the show's creators, said:
Aang is a vegetarian, as shown in "The King of Omashu" (the 5th episode of first season) and "The Headband" (the 2nd episode of third season) when he refuses to eat meat since the Air Nomads taught him that life is holy. Aang states a reluctance to fight in "The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)"; Aang hopelessly negotiates with a spirit who is destroying a village instead of fighting. Due to his non-violent nature, he also shows ethical reluctance refusing to killing Firelord Ozai, and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of killing him. In the show, Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations.

Aang, in "The Storm" (the 12th episode of first season), said that he wishes he had been there to help Air Nomads a century ago, but would rather live a child's carefree life. Many times in the show, Aang shows how much he cares for those are close to him. He also showed that he can act immaturely, and once tried to deceive others in order to keep the group together. In "Bato of the Water Tribe" (the 15th episode of first season), Aang thinks Katara and Sokka might leave to visit their father. Aang hides the map showing their father's whereabouts and lies about having it in the first place.

In some episodes, he shows flight abilities with airbending. One technique for this is to make a sphere of air and ride on it, which Aang calls the Air Scooter. Other methods of flying include his glider, and Appa. In the Avatar State, Aang can also fly inside a ball of air.

In the show's intended demographics, Aang has been received very well. Kendall Lyons said that, "Aang seems to be the happy kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with", and that he "seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or trouble situations." There are many similar descriptions about Aang as a childlike character who is "reckless and excitable". Reviews point out that "as the Avatar, Aang seems unstoppable, but as Aang, he is just another like an airbender". The review says later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by showing many weaknesses in his character.

Aang's character showed in the "". He is 1 of the 4 characters of , a video game based on the first season of the show. Two sequels were made: "", a video game based on the second season of the show, and "", a video game based on the third season. Avatar T-shirts, some with Aang's face on them, are being sold on the Nickelodeon Shop website. Tokyopop has published a films comic (sometimes referred to as cine-manga), in which Aang is the main character, like in "Avatar: The Last Airbender".

Aang is in "Escape from the Spirit World", an online video game that is on Nickelodeon's real website. The game has some plot changes that are not in the show. The show's directors, Michael DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, say the events are canon. In Nicktoons MLB, he is a playable character.

In 2008, M. Night Shyamalan, a film director, cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series, "The Last Airbender". The casting of a white actor in the role of Aang (as well as a primarily Caucasian cast) in the Asian-influenced "Avatar" universe triggered negative reactions from some fans marked by accusations of racism, a letter-writing campaign, and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras. The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others.

Gordon Cormier will play the character in the Netflix of the series.


Batuque (religion)

Batuque is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced mainly in Brazil. The religion started in the city of Porto Alegre, the capital of Rio Grande do Sul.

Macumba

Macumba is one of the Afro-Brazilian religion that mixes Umbanda, Quimbanda, Candomblé and other religions, in Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo and specially Bahia, Brazil, where those religions were born.

Umbanda

Umbanda is the only 100% Brazilian religion. It mixes Candomblé, Kardecism as well as Roman Catholicism. It was created on November 15, 1908 in Niterói, a city from Rio de Janeiro, by Zélio de Morais and a Spirit called Caboclo das Sete Encruzilhadas.

Guitar Hero

Guitar Hero may mean:



Jak and Daxter

Jak and Daxter is a series of video games, developed by the company Naughty Dog. It is named after the two heroes of the games. Right now, five games are in the series.

All of the "Jak and Daxter" games happen on a planet that is similar to Earth, where many creatures who look like humans with long ears live. A long time ago, beings called "Precursors" lived on the planet, but disappeared, and the people use the machines the Precursors left behind. Outside of cities and villages, there are many wild and dangerous animals.

A substance called "Eco" is also used by the people. It can be found as gas, liquid, or even solid crystals. There are several different kinds of Eco, and all the different Ecos can do special things. Green Eco can heal injuries or damage, and Blue Eco can make things move faster. There is also Dark Eco, a dangerous kind of Eco which can kill or mutate. In the first "Jak and Daxter" game, "", the character Daxter falls into a pit full of Dark Eco and turns into an "Ottsel", a fictional, or not real, cross between an otter and a weasel.

When Naughty Dog first told people about "Jak and Daxter", people were very excited, because Naughty Dog had made the famous "Crash Bandicoot" series. "Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy" was one of the first video games to use something called streaming, which means that the game loads while it is being played, so there are no loading screens. It was also very similar to the games "Super Mario 64" and "Banjo-Kazooie", because players need to jump, explore, and collect a special kind of object to win the game.

After "The Precursor Legacy", the "Jak and Daxter" games started to be about other things, not just jumping and finding things. "Jak II", the second game, gives the player guns to shoot and vehicles to drive. This is like in the "Grand Theft Auto" video games.

The first three games of the "Jak" series; "Precursor Legacy", "Jak II", and "Jak 3"; are still mainly about platforming. The player controls the character Jak or the character Daxter in jumping puzzles to get to a goal. The character can only get hit by wild animals or monsters only a few times before dying and having to start the goal over, but the character can get life back by touching Green Eco. In "Jak 3", the player can get armor that lets Jak be hit more before dying.

The player can also use attacks or guns to kill the monsters before Jak or Daxter is hit and hurt.

Chevrolet Geo

Geo was a brand of economy cars sold by Chevrolet dealerships. Geo was founded in 1989 to compete with Japanese automotives. Geo's roots date back to the 1970s in which General Motors began selling and offering captive imports. The Buick Opel which was originally an Isuzu Gemini and was also offered to future GM marque Daewoo as the Maepsy (which was sold as a Saehan and later Daewoo model). Geo cars were a joint venture between GM and its Japanese partners which included Toyota, Suzuki and Isuzu. Chevrolet's revived Nova (the Corolla Sprinter) led to Chevrolet Sprint (Suzuki Cultus) and the Spectrum (Isuzu Gemini). All three cars were rebranded as Geo in 1989. Geo was cancelled in 1997 and merged into the Chevrolet brand. The Geo models were the Metro, Prizm, Storm, Tracker, and Spectrum. The Prizm was made at New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. which was jointly owned by Toyota and General Motors. While the Metro and Tracker were made at CAMI Automotive a joint venture between GM and Suzuki, and the Storm and Spectrum were made entirely in Japan by Isuzu, and because of dwindling Isuzu sales they were short-lived. Many Geo models continued as Chevrolet's and were later replaced by in-house cars (i.e. Chevrolet Cobalt (Geo Prizm), a another joint venture vehicle or inherited models from GM Daewoo/Korea. 1988-1998

Geo/Chevrolet Prizm

The Geo Prizm was a small car sold by Chevrolet from 1990 to 1997. Replacing the Chevrolet Nova, it was based on a Toyota Corolla Sprinter with the Geo name on it. The Prizm was produced alongside the Corolla and the Tacoma pickup truck at New United Motor Manufacturing in Fremont, California which was jointly owned by General Motors and Toyota from 1985-2010. From 1989-1992 it was sold as a subcompact sedan and hatchback, but in 1992 it was redesigned and sold solely as a compact sedan (this was due to Toyota Corolla and Sprinter being redesigned). The Prizm and the Corolla shared the same parts and engines. It is the only Geo model not sold in Canada under Pontiac. In 1998, the name of the car was changed to Chevrolet Prizm. Due to the discontinued Toyota Sprinter and a loss in sales General Motors replaced the Prizm with the Pontiac Vibe and the Chevrolet Cobalt.

Pontiac Vibe

The Pontiac Vibe was a compact car made by General Motors with Toyota at New United Motor Manufacturing plant in Freemont, California. It was only sold as a five-door hatchback. The Vibe has the same engine and parts as the Toyota Matrix and Toyota Corolla. The Vibe and Matrix were made in different factories. The Vibe had replaced the Chevrolet Prizm in 2002 due to low sales and the discontinued Toyota Sprinter (Prizm was a mere rebadged version of this car).The Vibe was sold in Japan by Toyota as the Voltz from 2002 to 2004. Pontiac Vibe discontinued in 2009 due to General Motors and Toyota's decision to close down NUMMI. After Pontiac announced it would go out of business, General Motors announced that the Vibe would be replaced with Buick Verano (a badge engineered Opel Astra). Though it only offered limited AWD it was often categorized as a compact crossover and competed with the Dodge Caliber.

Geo Metro

The Geo Metro was a car sold by Chevrolet from 1989 to 2001. The Metro was made by Suzuki and sold at Chevrolet dealerships. The Metro was the twin car of the similar Suzuki Cultus, with only minor differences in grilles and interior. The other names for this car were the Chevrolet Sprint, Suzuki Swift, and Pontiac Firefly. From 1989-1997 the Metro was offered as a convertible, sedan and three-door/five-door hatchback. In 1997 the car was absorbed into the Chevrolet brand along with its Geo siblings. From 1998-2001 it was sold under Chevrolet as a three-door hatchback and a sedan. In 2001 the Metro was reduced strictly to rental and fleet status. The Metro was discontinued after 2001. Only to be replaced by the Chevrolet Aveo (derived from the Daewoo Kalos, a Korean model) in 2004. It had the best fuel economy of any gasoline vehicle in the US, with 41 MPG.

One Liberty Plaza

One Liberty Plaza is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is tall and has 54 floors. It was built in 1973.

At first it was named the U.S. Steel Building, but later the name was changed to One Liberty Plaza.

The Singer Building, built in 1908 and once the tallest building in the world, was torn down in 1968 to make room for One Liberty Plaza.


Malware

Malware, short for malicious software, is any software intentionally designed to cause damage to a computer. There are different kinds of malware that can hurt computers, such as viruses, Trojan horses, spyware and ransomware. These programs can steal passwords, delete files, collect personal information, or even stop a computer from working at all. Computer security or anti-malware software is usually good at stopping malware from installing itself. When security software is not installed, malware can get into the computer. Getting rid of malware can be difficult, even when using programs designed to remove it.

The term "malware" refers only to software that is made for malicious purposes and works against users' expectations — and so does not include applications that may do unintended harm due to software bugs.

People first started writing malware in the 1970s and early 1980s. Computers were very simple then. They did not have any interesting information for malware to take. Instead, people wrote malware for fun or just to show that they could. Even the most common piece of malware from this time did not do damage to people's computers. In fact, malware was so rare that the word "malware" was not coined until 1990. 

More people started using the computers in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Computers were getting more complex and faster. People saw that they could use malware to get useful information now, like passwords and credit card information. So, more programmers started writing malware. The number of malware programs on the Internet has grown very quickly ever since then the late 1990s and is still growing today. Experts think that 31.5% of the world's computers have some type of malware installed.

The main reason people write malware is to hurt others and make money, usually by stealing or deleting important information. The Cryptolocker computer virus, for example, makes it so a person cannot use their own computer until they pay the malware writers for a software key to unlock it. Another virus, CIH, tries to make it so the victim can never use their files or turn on their computer again. Malicious keystroke logging software remembers everything a user types in and gives it to the malware author to read.

World governments have written malware to hurt their enemies. Experts think that the United States government made a virus named Stuxnet to stop an important place in Iran from working. The Chinese government probably used a virus to stop people from protesting its decisions.

There are a lot of ways malware can get onto someone's computer. One common way is through email attachments. These attachments are usually sent from other computers that already have malware on them. When someone downloads and opens the attachment, the virus installs and uses their computer to send itself to even more people. 

Another way malware installs itself is when a victim gets malware just by going to a website with the malware hidden on it. This is called drive-by downloading. A user does not have to click anything for their computer to get infected from a drive-by download. This kind of malware attack is usually found on websites that are not used a lot or whose security methods are very old. However, even current websites that people use all the time can host drive-by downloads when someone hacks the site. 

People who write malware also get their programs onto computers by attaching them to real programs that people want. This is most common with pirated programs. This is because the downloader was doing something illegal and cannot complain to the authorities without getting in trouble themselves. However, some non-piracy websites also put malware (or other unwanted programs that are almost as bad as malware) in a download with real, legal software in a process known as bundling. Computer security experts complain about websites that bundle real software with malware. Their complaints do not always stop the websites from bundling.

There are many different kinds of malware. Each acts a different way.






There are a few reasons why computers get programs a user didn't mean to install. One common reason is because of regular programs that have software bugs. Malware can use bugs, such as a buffer overflow, to make a program do something it was not designed to do. Malware can also get onto a computer if it tricks a user into putting it there themselves. This can happen when a user plugs in a USB flash drive that has a virus on it already. Malware also commonly uses social engineering to get users to run it, like pretending to be an important email attachment for work. Some malware even pretends to be an anti-malware program to get people to run it.

Since malware is such a big problem, many companies make programs to try to stop it. These anti-malware programs have a lot of different ways to find malware. One is static analysis, which looks at the source code of a program before it is run. Then, if the program is similar to malware the static analysis program has seen before, the anti-malware program will stop the code from running. Another way of finding malware is dynamic analysis. Dynamic analysis runs only part of a program it is checking. If this part of the program tries to do anything that could be bad or harmful, the anti-malware program will not let the program run.

Malware can also be stopped without a program. This can be done by not letting a computer connect to the Internet or other computers, called creating an air gap. However, these computers can still get malware if someone puts it there another way. One example is when someone plugs in a Universal Serial Bus (USB) drive that was already plugged into a computer with a virus.

Matrixism

Matrixism or The path of the One is a new religion based on the movie "The Matrix". It was started by a group of people in the year 2004. By the year 2005, Matrixism had over 300 members and it was seen in books and newspapers. There are now 16,000 members of Matrixism.

Matrixism is a syncretic religion (a religion that joins together all religions). The words "the matrix" are seen in a Baha'i book from the year 1912 named "The Promulgation (starting) of Universal (complete international) Peace". Matrixism uses this fact to make a connection to the history of world religion but the three "Matrix" motion pictures are Matrixism's Bible (prime book).

Matrixism has four beliefs called "The Four Tenets (rules) of Matrixism". The four rules are; 1) Belief in the prophecy of the One. 2) Use of psychedelics (mind expansion medicine) as sacrament. 3) Seeing the relative nature of the world. 4) Acting by the rules of one of the world's religions. For Matrixism April 19th is a holiday (special day) named Bicycle Day. November 22nd is another holiday for Matrixism named the Day of Remembrance and Reflection. Aldous Huxley, John F. Kennedy and C.S. Lewis all died on this day in 1963.

The sign for Matrixism is 赤, the Japanese kanji for the word "red". This sign was used in the computer game "Enter the Matrix". The color is a reference to the "red pill", from the motion picture "The Matrix", which is representative of being able to see that which is true. The word (sign) 赤 is also a Chinese word (character). In fact, the Japanese kanji is from a Chinese character.


Boston Celtics

The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team. They play their home games in the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. They are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and play in the Atlantic Division. The Celtics are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 17 NBA championships, tied with the Los Angeles Lakers for the most in NBA history.

The Celtics were one of the first NBA teams. Since their start in 1913, they have been the most successful teams, winning 17 NBA championships, including eight championships in a row at one point. The Celtics' seventeen championships is more than any other team. The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden.

From 2007 to 2013, they were lead by the big four: Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, and Rajon Rondo, leading the team to the 2008 championship as well as making the Finals in 2010 both times against the Lakers. But in July 2012, Allen was traded to the Miami Heat (where he won his second championship in 2013) and in July 2013, Garnett and Pierce were traded to the Brooklyn Nets. Rondo remained with the Celtics until the beginning of the 2014-15 season.

The rivalry between the Boston Celtics and Los Angeles Lakers is between two most of the best franchises in NBA history. It has been called the NBA's best rivalry. The two teams have met a record twelve times in the NBA Finals, starting with their first Finals meeting in 1959. They would go on to win the league in the 1920s and the 1980s, playing each other six times in the 1960s and three times in the 1980s.

The rivalry had been less known since the retirements of Magic Johnson and Larry Bird in the early 1990s, but in 2008, it happened again when the Celtics and Lakers met in the Finals for the first time since 1987, with the Celtics winning the series in six games. They played once again in the 2010 NBA Finals which the Lakers won in seven games. The two teams are tied for the highest number of championships (17); together, the 34 championships account for almost half of the 74 championships in NBA history.

The rivalry between the Boston Celtics and Golden State Warriors is a new rivalry that began in the 2021-2022 NBA season. They met in the Finals that season, which the last time that happened was in 1964, where the Celtics won in 5 games. This time though, the Warriors completely cooked the Celtics and Stephen Curry took home the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award and became the father of the Boston Celtics. In their most recent matchup, the Warriors dominated in their Finals rematch, and Stephen Curry secured those adoption papers.

Across the Universe

"Across the Universe" is a song by the English rock group The Beatles. It was written by John Lennon, and credited to Lennon/McCartney.

Bastia

Bastia is a town and commune of northern Corsica, in France. It is the capital (in French "préfecture") of the Haute-Corse "département" and has a population of about 40,000 inhabitants. Bastia is also an important Corsican port and is famous for its wines. The rate of unemployment in the commune has been very high, and was 20% in 2004.

Bastia is in the northeast of Corsica, at the base of Cap Corse. Bastia is the main port of the island and its principal commercial town. The wind in Bastia is frequent and violent.

Before the occupation of Corsica by the Genoese, Cardo was a large city. Around the city were little villages where the fishermen of Cardo lived. This little port was called Porto Cardo, which means "the port of Cardo."

The Genoese felt the need to shelter the city from the sea storms and began to construct walls and buildings. In the time of governor Leonello Lomellini, in 1380, they built a "bastiglia", also known as a citadel. With time, the "bastiglia" (Bastia) became more prosperous and important than Cardo.

Bastia was the capital of Corsica until 1791.




The official football team of Basti is the Sporting Club de Bastia.


Alchevsk

Alchevsk () is a city in the Luhansk Oblast of south-eastern Ukraine.

Alchevsk is one of the largest industrial centers in the Donbas, and comprises a quarter of the oblast's entire production. The city economy depends on OJSC "Alchevsk Iron & Steel Works" and "Alchevsk Coke-Chemical Plant" companies.

The city was known as "Voroshilovsk" () from 1931 to 1961, and then Kommunarsk () until 1992.

Kommunarsk

Kommunarsk (, ) is the railway station in the city of Alchevsk (Ukraine).

Also Kommunarsk is one of old names of Alchevsk.

State Anthem of Ukraine

"Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" (, ), known in English as "Nay, Thou Art Not Dead, Ukraine", is the national anthem of Ukraine.

The anthem is played in a minor key.

Before "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" was the country's national anthem, this song was originally a 19th-century poem written by a poet named Paul Chubin. A Catholic priest named Michael Werbitzky liked his poem, so he composed a tune for it. The song was published for the first time in 1863, and in the following year, it was performed for the first time in the city of Ľviv. It was first recorded in 1916 during the First World War.

In the early 20th century, this song lifted the spirits of many Ukrainians, as they had longed for their territories be completely independent from the Russian Empire, Austria–Hungary, Czechoslovakia, and Poland. Because of this, "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" became the national anthem of the country, which was then first known as Carpatho-Ukraine, which then became the Ukrainian People's Republic, and then the West Ukrainian People's Republic. Afterwards, the Soviets invaded the territory of Ukraine. Not only that, the Soviets banned the Ukrainian national anthem. Instead, the Soviet-era anthem was adopted. After decades of oppression by the Soviet Union, "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" became the national anthem again, and remains so to this day.

Since 1992, the parliament Verchovna Rada readopted the national anthem after the fall of the USSR. The lyrics, which have been changed a bit, were adopted in 2003 by the Law on the Anthem of Ukraine.

The words of "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" reminds the Ukrainian people about the struggles they have endured for becoming independent. When the country became freshly independent from Russia in late 1991, the national anthem was sung when Leonid Kravčuk was becoming president. After some changes to the original words, the anthem was made official on 6 March 2003, and Article 20 of the Constitution of Ukraine made the tune for the national anthem officiall on 28 June 1996.

A poetic version in Esperanto was translated by Viktor Jaskovec and Volodymyr Pacjurko in 1991.

Between 1992 and 2003, the Ukrainian national anthem was only an instrumental anthem and did not contain official lyrics; although, lyrics had been proposed for it. This was done in a similar manner to "Marcha Real", the national anthem of Spain, which currently has no official lyrics.
There are many people living alongside Ukrainians who trace their roots to other parts of the globe. As a result, there are many versions of the Ukrainian national anthem in many different languages. It has been translated into Polish, Romanian, Hungarian, Crimean Tatar, Azerbaijani, and much more.

Public anthem performances
Performances by celebrities

Guitar Hero: Aerosmith

Guitar Hero: Aerosmith is a rhythm game made by Neversoft with other help from Activision. It is part of the "Guitar Hero" franchise. The game was released in North America on June 29 2008, and two days earlier in Europe.

Some of the songs featured in the game include "Combination", "Kings and Queens", "Train Kept A Rollin" and "Mama Kin".


Guitar Hero: On Tour

Guitar Hero: On Tour is a music video game developed by Vicarious Visions and published by RedOctane and Activision. It's the first "Guitar Hero" game made for a handheld game system. To play, players use Slot 2 (the bottom loading slot of the DS) to attach a device with red, green, blue, and yellow buttons on it. The player uses those four keys to play the game.

The gameplay of "Guitar Hero: On Tour" is like the other "Guitar Hero" games where the player strums and hits the fret buttons when the notes appear on the screen.

"Guitar Hero: On Tour" has two track lists. One's for North America, the UK, and Australia, and the other's for non-English speaking countries in Europe. Both have five songs that the other does not have. They both have 26 songs including one bonus track.

"Guitar Hero: On Tour" got mostly good reviews with 81% at Game Rankings and 76/100 at Meta Critic. It was praised for being a challenging and fun game. Some reviewers complained about hand cramps from playing.

"On Tour" was the second best-selling games of June 2008, having sold 422,000 copies. It's Activision's fastest-selling DS game.


Geo

GEO or Geo can mean any of these:

In shopping:

People:

In science:

Batuque

Batuque can mean:

Toad (Nintendo)

Toad and the species were first seen in the game "Super Mario Bros.". Toad's design was made directly from the power up, the Super Mushroom as well as the game's general use with mushrooms. Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of the Mario series, made a reason that Toad's creation was that of being a character that has a simplistic design; yet, still appears cute and lovely and pleases to everybody. In the game, the peaceful Toads of the Mushroom Kingdom had been turned into various objects such as bricks and pipes by the evil King Bowser; however, some of Princess Toadstool's loyal servants, known as the "Mushroom Retainers" were simply kidnapped. During the making of "New Super Mario Bros. Wii", the developers at Nintendo decided between four characters to be playable in the game: Princess Peach, Toad, Wario and Waluigi (all suggestions made by fans). Two Toads (yellow and blue) were eventually included as playable characters in "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" due to their physical similarity to Mario and Luigi.

Toad is considered one of the major Mario series characters, because he is playable and appears in many of the games. Toad appears in lots of Mario merchandise, such as toys, plushies, and keychains, among other things. Toad is featured in Nintendo's board games such as being on the protagonist side in the Mario themed chess set, as well as being a purchasable character in the Nintendo Monopoly game. In , Toad's hat is available after getting 3000 points in Tom Nook's Point Tracking system.

"Black Pear Tree", an EP by The Mountain Goats and Kaki King, features a song titled "Thank You Mario But Our Princess is in Another Castle," sung from the view of Toad. Toad ranked in the seventh slot on Game Daily's top 10 Nintendo characters that deserve their own games list; the site explained that he has a strong appeal that Nintendo has yet to tap into. Toad is listed as number two in the most neglected Mario Bros. characters list as he has been described by the site to have been ignored by Nintendo for quite a while due to the lack of starring roles he gets in the more recent games. In an Oricon poll from 2008, Toad was voted as the eighth most popular video game character in Japan. IGN editor Matt Casamassina criticized Nintendo for including the Toads over more notable characters in the "Mario" series for New Super Mario Bros. Wii, arguing that the developers were being lazy to not include other characters because the Toads were easier to make.

Itanagar

Itanagar is the capital of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.

Ita Fort is one of the most important historical sites in the state of Arunachal Pradesh.

Redwall

Redwall is a series of books written by Brian Jacques. The first book was written in 1986, and the people are all animals, like mice, rats, moles, otters, stoats, and weasels. The story is about an abbey called Redwall, and the animals that live there. "Redwall" has been made into an opera, and an animated TV series based on three of the novels ("Redwall", "Mattimeo", and "Martin the Warrior"), which first aired in 1999. The books are mainly aimed at older children. There were twenty-two novels and two picture books published. The twenty-second, and last novel, "The Rogue Crew", was published on May 3, 2011, after Jacques' death.

The book series does not happen in one particular timeframe. Instead, it is set in many different times in the history of the world of Redwall. Some of the books focus on characters who, in another book, are historical figures (e.g., Martin the Warrior's father, Luke, in "The Legend of Luke"). Usually, those books are set before Redwall Abbey was started. There is a timeline in the Redwall series, but it often places the books in a completely different order than the order they were written. However, there were two times when the novels were published in chronological order.

There are twenty-two books.

Lommiswil

Lommiswil is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lostorf

Lostorf is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Luterbach

Luterbach is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lüsslingen

Lüsslingen was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Lüsslingen and Nennigkofen merged to form the new municipality of Lüsslingen-Nennigkofen.

Matzendorf

Matzendorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Redwall (novel)

Redwall is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1986. It was illustrated by Gary Chalk, and was translated into nine different languages. Redwall is the first book in the Redwall series.


Mossflower

Mossflower is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Brian Jacques. It is the second book in the "Redwall" series, and was translated into eight different languages besides English.

LeToya Luckett

LeToya Nicole Luckett (born March 11, 1981), known professionally as LeToya, is an Americansinger, actress, producer and songwriter. She is a former member of the R&B female group, Destiny's Child with whom she won two Grammy Awards, but when the group was successfully prompted in the world she was forced to leave.

When interviewed by MTV News, Luckett said that she and LaTavia Roberson created a new group called Anjel. Auditions were made, then Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members. The group recorded demo songs. Their production company which handled the group fell through, and the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects.

In 2004, Capitol Records signed Luckett, then she started her solo career. Her solo debut album, "LeToya", topped the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart in July 2006 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006. The album spawned five singles. Two were released with promotional purpose, to see the audience reaction towards her, but "Torn" would be her most notable song. It achieved records on BET's top ten countdown show "106 & Park". She was also named "One of the Best New Artists of 2006" by AOL and the "Top Songwriter of 2006" by ASCAP. Luckett's second album, "Lady Love", was scheduled for a spring 2008 release. It was released in 2009. She is now on road with the stage play tour ""Rumors"".






Annie Oliv

Annie Oliv (born 12 October 1987 in Jönköping, Sweden) is a Swedish beauty queen, cello player and personal assistant to a disabled person.

On September 8, 2007, Oliv won the "Miss Sweden World" title. She later represented her country at Miss World 2007. She placed 4th in the competition. She won the title "Miss World Europe 2007". Annie Oliv played cello during Melodifestivalen 2008 in Mickey Huskics entry in semifinal number three on February 23.

Musical movie

The musical movie is a movie genre in which several songs sung by the characters are linked into the story line. The songs are used to advance the plot or develop the movie's characters.

The musical movie was a natural development of the stage musical. Typically, the biggest difference between movie and stage musicals is the use of expensive and impressive background scenery which would not be in a theater. Musical movies usually contain elements similar of theater; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching.

Julie Taymor

Julie Taymor (born December 15, 1952) is an American director of Broadway theatre and movies. Taymor's work has received lots of praise from critics. She has won two Tony Awards out of four nominations, an Emmy Award, and an Academy Award nomination for her work, known for its visual flair and colorful costuming choices. She lives in New York City with her partner Elliot Goldenthal, who she has been with for over 20 years.


Evan Rachel Wood

Evan Rachel Wood (born September 7, 1987) is an American movie, television and theater actress. She began acting in the late 1990s, appearing in several television roles, including "American Gothic" and "Once and Again". Wood's first role as a leading movie actress was in 2002's "Little Secrets", and she became well known after changing to a more adult-orientated Golden Globe-nominated role in the critically acclaimed "Thirteen" (2003).

Wood continued acting in mostly independent films, including "Pretty Persuasion" (2005), "Down in the Valley" (2006), and in the big studio production "Across the Universe" (2007). Critics have praised Wood's acting, such as "The Guardian" newspaper describing her as being "wise beyond her years" and as "one of the best actresses of her generation". Her personal relationship with singer Marilyn Manson received media coverage. She is openly bisexual.


Jim Sturgess

James Sturgess (born 1981) is a British actor. He has acted in both television and movies as well as radio. He is perhaps most famous for playing Jude in "Across the Universe" and the younger Charlie in "The Quest" series of television movies.

Sturgess was born in London. He is a former member of the National Youth Music Theatre (1993-95) and studied at the University of Salford's School of Media, Music and Performance. 

Sturgess recently worked on the movie "Fifty Dead Men Walking". In the movie, he plays Martin McGartland, the writer of the book on which the movie is based. 



Joe Anderson

Joe Anderson (born 1982) is an English actor.

He attended Richmond upon Thames College and later the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London. Both his parents work in the movie industry. Anderson has acted professionally since childhood. His skills include photography, guitar and gymnastics.

Anderson has worked in movie, television and on the stage at the Chichester Festival Theatre. He appeared in "Copying Beethoven", playing Ludwig van Beethoven's nephew. He also appeared in "Across the Universe" as Max, an American teenager drafted into the Vietnam War. Anderson is also starring as Joy Division bass player Peter Hook in Anton Corbijn's 2007 movie "Control".



Dana Fuchs

Dana Fuchs (born January 10, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and voice over talent.

The youngest of six musical children, Fuchs was born and raised in Wildwood, Florida. It is a small rural town. She is the daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs. At the age of twelve she joined the First Baptist Gospel Choir and began singing in public. At sixteen she became the lead singer of a popular local band at a roadside Holiday Inn. She moved to New York City at nineteen and began working with Jon Diamond, a guitarist who had toured with Joan Osborne and W.C. Handy Award winner Debbie Davies. They formed the Dana Fuchs Band. The band was a feature act at a number of clubs, performing with people like John Popper, James Cotton, and Taj Mahal.

Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor movie "Across the Universe". She also played the singing Janis Joplin in the Eric Nederlander production of Randall Myler's off Broadway musical "Love, Janis".


Martin Luther McCoy

Martin Luther McCoy is an American musician and actor. He worked with The Roots a lot and appears as one of the six lead characters in the 2007 Beatles musical "Across the Universe" in the role of "JoJo". 

McCoy goes by the stage name of "Martin Luther" in his music career. For his acting work he is known under his full name. 

Martin Luther released his first solo album "The Calling" in 1999 and followed it with an independent release of his second album "Rebel Soul Music" in 2004 on his own label Rebel Soul Records. His third album "Love is the Hero" was supposed to be released in 2011

T. V. Carpio

Teresa Victoria Carpio, more commonly known as T. V. Carpio, is a Chinese / Filipina singer, songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of Asian singing star Teresa Carpio, with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer. 

Carpio played Prudence in the 2007 musical movie "Across the Universe". She has also appeared on television, including a TV movie and episodes of "The Jury" and "Law & Order". She made her Broadway debut in "Rent" as Alexi Darling and others, appearing from December 2006 until April 2007.


Joe Cocker

Joe Cocker, OBE (20 May 1944 – 21 December 2014) was an English rock/blues singer who came to popularity in the 1960s, and was most known for his gritty voice and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles. The cover of their song "With A Little Help From My Friends", sung by Cocker at the Woodstock Festival, initially made him famous. 

On 22 December 2014, Cocker died of lung cancer at his home in Crawford, Colorado at the age of 70.



Elliot Goldenthal

Elliot Goldenthal (born May 2, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American composer of modern classical music. He was a student of Aaron Copland and John Corigliano. Goldenthal is best known for his ability to blend different musical styles and techniques in original and inventive ways.

Goldenthal cites Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Elmer Bernstein, Lalo Schifrin, Max Steiner, Alfred Newman, John Williams, Aaron Copeland, John Corigliano, Ennio Morricone, Maurice Ravel, Bruce Broughton, Howard Shore, John Barry, Irwin Kostal, Maurice Jarre, Richard Wagner, Leonard Bernstein, James Horner, Randy Newman, Franz Waxman, Alex North, Victor Young and Buddy Baker as influences.





Corte

Corte () in is a city (a "commune" in French) in the Haute-Corse "département" in central area of Corsica, in France. It is the fourth-largest city in Corsica (after Ajaccio, Bastia, and Porto-Vecchio), with a population of 6,329 inhabitants in 1999. Corte was the capital of the Corsican independent state during the period of Pasquale Paoli.



Corte is connected to Ajaccio, Bastia and Calvi by the Corsican railway.

Corte has become a major University town in Corsica since the Pasquale Paoli University opened 1980.



Sartène

Sartène (), is a town (a "commune" in French) of Southern Corsica, in the Corse-du-Sud "département", in France. The city is famous since medieval times for granite buildings in 16th century. One of the main incidents in the town's history was an attack by pirates from Algiers in 1583, after which 400 people were taken away. These attacks continued into the 18th century. 

The town is centered around the Place de la Libération (previously the Place Porta), at the edge of which is the church of Sainte Marie. The town allows good views across the valley. Sartene wine is well known amongst wine buffs as being a good drop.

Sartene has given its name to one of the southern-Corsican dialects that are most like the Sardinian language.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Sartène was on 23 July 2009.


A page on the history of the town

Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse

Saint-Florent () is a commune in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France. It is a fishing port located near the gulf of the same name (Saint-Florent Gulf).

Today, it is a popular summer vacation spot for many tourists for one of the most beautiful beaches on the Mediterranean coast, Saleccia.

Saint-Florent has a typically Mediterranean climate - mild winters with temperatures rarely under zero, warm, dry summers with temperatures at around 35°C in July and August.

Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base for to fight the Corsican patriots in their villages. The colonial state and imperialist France later used it for getting troops of mercenaries and colonists during August 1764. After the defeat at Ponte Novu Bridge, the army of Pasquale Paoli, helped by Horatio Nelson, reconquered Saint-Florent in 1793 during the brief Anglo-Corsican rule.

The Genoise citadel constructed in 1440.

<br>


Calvi, Haute-Corse

Calvi is a small town and commune of the Haute-Corse, in France. It is on the northwest coast of the island of Corsica, 95 km from Bastia and 24 km from L'Île-Rousse. The town has 5,177 people (1999), and is the fifth-largest commune in Corsica. There is a legend that Christopher Columbus was from Calvi, which at the time was part of the Genoese empire. The 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment of the French Foreign Legion is based in Calvi.

The economy of Calvi is mainly based on tourism, which started in 1950.



L'Île-Rousse

L'Île-Rousse () is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of Corsica, France. It has a permanent population of around 2,500. It was founded in 1758 by Pasquale Paoli to create a port that would not be in the hands of the Genoese like Calvi.



In French:

Carbon footprint

The term carbon footprint is how much carbon goes into the air because of something done by people or that is not done by nature. Doing something that burns fuel will make carbon dioxide gas (CO2). It is the total amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly and indirectly support human activities, usually expressed in equivalent tons of carbon dioxide. Just as walking on the sand leaves a footprint, burning fuel leaves carbon dioxide in the air, which is called a carbon footprint. Total carbon footprint/emission would include energy emissions from human activities - that is, from heat, light, power, and refrigeration and all transport related emissions from cars, freight, and distribution. 

The words "carbon footprint" are often seen in the news. They are used with the word sustainability, which means that we can keep doing something without making something bad happen. That is, if there is too much of a carbon footprint, then there is no sustainability. People and businesses are frequently asked to think about how much carbon they are putting into the air, and how this changes the environment and maybe causes global warming. This is typically said about travelling by aeroplane or by car, because burning fuel makes carbon dioxide gas.

Oil, gas, and coal are called "fossil fuels" because they come from fossils of ancient plants and animals. Those plants and animals had carbon in them. When we burn oil, gas, and coal, the carbon becomes carbon dioxide and goes into the air. This makes the greenhouse effect, which means that the carbon dioxide makes the earth warmer, like a greenhouse. A carbon footprint is the carbon dioxide that is put into the air because of a person, a group of people, an event, or a product.

The most common way to reduce the carbon footprint of humans is to Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Refuse. Another easy option is to drive less. By walking or biking to the destination rather than driving, not only is a person going to save money on gas, but they will be burning less fuel and releasing fewer emissions into the atmosphere. However, if walking is not an option, one can look into carpooling to use public transportation options in their area.
Yet another option for reducing the carbon footprint of humans is to use less air conditioning and heating in the home. By adding insulation to the walls and attic of one's home, and installing weather stripping or caulking around doors and windows, one can lower their heating costs more than 25 percent. 
Choice of diet is a major influence on a person's carbon footprint. Animal sources of protein (especially red meat), rice (typically produced in high methane-emitting paddies), foods transported long distance and/or via fuel-inefficient transport (e.g., highly perishable produce flown long distance). Heavily processed and packaged foods are among the major contributors to a high carbon diet. 

Louisiana Purchase

The Louisiana Purchase was a land purchase made by President Thomas Jefferson in 1803. He bought the Louisiana territory from France, which was being led by Napoleon Bonaparte at the time, for 15,000,000 USD (about $320,000,000 in 2020 dollars). First, the men sent to France were allowed to spend up to 10 million USD in order to buy New Orleans and, if possible, the west bank of the Mississippi River. But then the French government said that for 5 million more dollars they would sell all of the Louisiana territory. Thomas Jefferson approved the deal and used his constitutional power to sign treaties to buy the land. The constitution does not say the president has the power to buy land from other countries, but he had the power to make treaties, so that is what he used. 

Napoleon Bonaparte sold the land because he needed money for the Great French War. The British had re-entered the war and France was losing the Haitian Revolution and could not defend Louisiana. Thomas Jefferson took the French offer as an opportunity to make America larger, even if it meant going against his Republican principles of small government (some would say he exceeded his constitutional power by accepting the deal on his own).
The purchase added 828,394 square miles and doubled the size of the U.S.. This included all of the modern states of Oklahoma, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, and part of the states of Louisiana, Texas, Minnesota, Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota. It also included a small piece of land that is now part of Canada.

The Louisiana Purchase gave the U.S. control of the Mississippi River and the port city of New Orleans, both of which were used by farmers to ship their crops and get paid. It also ensured that France and other European countries would not try to take the land. France only controlled small bits of the territory. Because of that, the United States had to make other agreements with and payments to other governments and groups. The total amount paid for the Louisiana Purchase and all of these other agreements was about 2.6 billion USD.

The Lewis and Clark expedition explored the Louisiana Purchase and the Oregon Territory. They started from St. Louis. Their route traced the Missouri River.


Mattimeo

Mattimeo is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1989. It is the third book in the Redwall series. It was also translated into six different languages.

Mariel of Redwall

Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1991. It is the fourth book in the Redwall series. "Mariel of Redwall" has also been translated to seven different languages.

Salamandastron

Salamandastron is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1992. It is the fifth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into four different languages.
Salamandastron, the mountain ruled by Badger Lord Urthstripe the Strong, and guarded by forty hares of the Long Patrol, is under siege by the weasel Ferahgo the Assassin, his son Klitch, and his vermin army of "Corpsemakers". Meanwhile, two stoats at Redwall Abbey accidentally kill a Brother of Redwall and then run away with the sword of Martin the Warrior. Mara (Urthstripe's adopted daughter) and Pikkle Ffolger, her trusted hare friend, are fooled by Klitch and his lackey, and Mara and Pikkle leave Salamandastron. Meanwhile, the deadly Dryditch Fever breaks out in Redwall...

Martin the Warrior

Martin the Warrior is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1993. It is the sixth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into nine different languages.

Zionism

Zionism is a nationalist movement that advocates for the creation and support of a homeland for the Jewish people in the Land of Israel. Amongst Jews living in Israel, Zionism is generally associated with a conservative religious worldview. 

The modern movement started in the late 19th century in Europe, as a reaction to increasing antisemitism and to ideas of assimilation. Zionism has had many different varieties that all shared the goal of creating a homeland for the Jewish People. The dominant variety at first was political Zionism, led by Theodor Herzl, but it later lost ground to the socialist Labor Zionism. 

In 1948, Zionism resulted in the creation of the state of Israel.

The word "Zionism" was first used in 1890. It comes from Zion, meaning Jerusalem, though it can also symbolically mean the Land of Israel as a whole. Jewish people at the time lived as minority groups among other nations all across the world, in what was called the diaspora. In the early 19th century, assimilation and legal emancipation were popular ideas among Jews in western Europe. However, in the late 19th century anti-Semitism became a bigger threat, with the 1881 Russian pogroms and the Dreyfus affair in France. This caused some Jewish thinkers to lose faith in the idea of ever being accepted in gentile societies. One of these thinkers was Theodor Herzl, who is often considered the father of modern Political Zionism. In his book, "the Jewish State," Herzl writes that the distinct status of Jews neither can, nor should, be changed. Instead he believed that antisemitism could be stopped by making the Jewish people a nation like any other, through giving them their own land. At the time there were multiple territories up for consideration, the most important being Argentina and Palestine. Herzl argues in favor of Palestine, thinking it would attract more people because of its status as the historic homeland of the Jews. Political Zionism was a secular movement and it was out of pragmatic considerations, rather than religious beliefs, that Palestine was chosen. In 1897 Herzl led the First Zionist Congress. There the Basel Program was adopted, espousing political Zionism and a Jewish homeland in the Land of Israel. The World Zionist Organization was created at the congress to support this goal. There were many more congresses after this, and at the fifth Zionist Congress in 1901 the Jewish National Fund was established with the goal of purchasing land in Palestine. 

Political Zionism wanted to work with the established powers to get a publicly recognized and legally assured homeland. Palestine at the time was under the control of the Ottoman Empire, but Herzl's attempts to get support from the Ottomans failed, and he had to appeal to the imperial powers of Europe. Herzl negotiated with British and Russian officials to use their influence to get official support for a Jewish homeland in Palestine, but this failed as well. In 1903 the British offered Herzl a Jewish homeland in Uganda instead, but this was eventually rejected by the Zionist congress. Only during World War I did the Zionist movement get the great power support they had been seeking. In 1917 the British signed the Balfour Declaration, wherein they declared that they "favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people". Part of the British motivation in signing was getting support of Jews in Russia and the U.S.A. for the allied cause. After the war, the British Empire took control of Palestine and administered it as their own colony, the Mandate of Palestine. During this time the cooperation between the Zionist movement and the British continued, though there were still tensions. The alliance would fall apart just before World War II. 

Organized Jewish migration into Palestine began after the pogroms of 1881 with the Hibbat Zion movement. However, even when they later joined forces with the Zionist congress it remained a small movement, as most Jewish migrants went to the United States. Only 3% of the Jews fleeing eastern Europe between 1881 and World War I went to Palestine. In the first wave of migration, known as the first Aliyah, the Jewish immigrants established agricultural colonies called moshavot. These settlements were poor, and so the immigrants turned to outside sponsors for help, who funded the development of other systems. The farms were turned into wine and citrus plantations based on the model of French Algeria, where they employed mostly cheaper Palestinian labor. Jewish workers had to compete with Palestinian workers, which lowered their wages. The immigrants of the second Aliyah of 1905 included many socialists. They thought that they needed higher wages for the Jewish workers in order to attract immigrants for the Zionist project. They wanted a "conquest of labor", fighting the landowners for better working conditions, but also trying to exclude Arab workers from these jobs to give them to Jewish workers. 

This was the beginning of Labor Zionism, which would overtake Political Zionism as the dominant variety after World War I. Labor Zionism was influenced by socialist ideals, and believed that to build a Jewish state a strong Jewish working class had to be created as well. They established farms called kibbutzim where all the workers collectively owned the land. In 1920 they formed the Histadrut, a trade union that eventually gained control of large sectors of the economy, becoming one of the largest employers for Jewish workers. The secretary of the Histadrut, David Ben-Gurion, became the unofficial leader of the Zionist movement in 1935 when he became chairman of the Jewish Agency. In 1948 he declared the establishment of a Jewish State in the Land of Israel and became Israel's first prime minister.

Some Zionists believe that Israel should control the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Other Zionists support a Two-state solution in which Israel and Palestine are separate countries. The entire region is the subject of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.

Out of the conflict and segregation in Palestine, African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights of African Union condemns Zionism as human rights violation, as well as apartheid and colonialism. 

The Bellmaker

The Bellmaker is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1994. It is the seventh book in the "Redwall" series. "The Bellmaker" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

Outcast of Redwall

Outcast of Redwall is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1995. It is the eighth book in the Redwall series. "Outcast of Redwall" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

The Pearls of Lutra

The Pearls of Lutra is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1996. It is the ninth book in the "Redwall" series. The American edition of the novel was titled Pearls of Lutra. "The Pearls of Lutra" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

The Long Patrol

The Long Patrol is a children's fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1997. It is the tenth book in the Redwall series. "The Long Patrol" has been translated into four different languages including Finnish, French, Italian, and Swedish.

A young hare named Tammo wants to join the Long Patrol, the army of fighting hares that serves the Ruler of the mountain Salamandastron. But meanwhile Damug Warfang the rat and his evil army of cruel Rapscallions are coming. 

Shinshūshinmachi, Nagano

Shinshushinmachi is a town in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. It is south of Nagano city. It is famous for mutton, beautiful fireworks on August 15th, wasabi, soba, canoe polo, the Sai River, apples, and the fossil museum.

Rubén Darío

Félix Rubén García Sarmiento (January 18, 1867 – February 6, 1916) was a Nicaraguan journalist, diplomat, and poet who wrote under the pseudonym of Rubén Darío and is also known as The Father of Modernism.

English:

Spanish:

Primary Texts:


Gabriel García Márquez

Gabriel José de la Concordia García Márquez, also known as Gabo (March 6, 1927 – April 17, 2014) was a Colombian novelist, short-story writer, screenwriter, and journalist.

Márquez was concieved in a small town in Colombia, Aracataca. He originally studied to become a journalist. He began writing at the age of eighteen. His first books were based on his life.

He was best known for his novels "One Hundred Years of Solitude" (1967), "The Autumn of the Patriarch" (1975) and "Love in the Time of Cholera" (1985). His books were mainly about satire, solitude, magic realism, realism, and violence.

He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in December 1982. The reason was "for his novels and short stories, in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination, reflecting a continent's life and conflicts".

Márquez wrote his last book in 2004. He retired in May 2008 because of his age and health.

Since 2012, Márquez was sick with Alzheimer's disease. He lived with his wife, Mercedes Barcha in Mexico City. Márquez died in Mexico City from pneumonia. He was 87 years old.

Márquez was born in Aracataca, Colombia. His parents were Gabriel Eligio García and Luisa Santiaga Márquez. His father was a pharmacist. His mother left him at a young age and he was raised by his grandparents and father. He studied at the University of Cartagena.

He started as a journalist, and wrote many famous non-fiction works and short stories. Márquez began writing at the age of eighteen. He began writing about living in an old house with grandparents.

He is best known for his novels, such as "One Hundred Years of Solitude" (1967), "The Autumn of the Patriarch" (1975), "Chronicle of a Death Foretold" (1981) and "Love in the Time of Cholera" (1985).

Most of his books are based or set in his birth_place, Aracataca. He mostly wrote books about realism or magical realism. His motifs included solitude and violence.

In 1982, he received the Nobel Prize in Literature "for his novels and short stories, in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination, reflecting a continent's life and conflicts". When he was accepting the award, Márquez gave a speech called ""The Solitude of Latin America"".

In 2002, he published the memoir "Vivir para contarla"; the first of a projected three-volume autobiography. In 2004, he published another book named "Memories of My Melancholy Whores". It caused many problems and controversies in Iran. This book is banned in Iran.

Several of his stories have inspired other writers and directors. In 1987, the Italian director Francesco Rosi directed the movie "Cronaca di una morte annunciata", based on Chronicle of a "Death Foretold", written by Márquez.

A number of movies have been made of García Márquez's work. He also wrote some scripts for movies. He often worked with Carlos Fuentes for writing scripts. His famous book, "Love in the Time of Cholera" was also made into a movie in 2007.

Márquez met his wife, Mercedes Barcha, when they were in college. They wanted to get married when they both finished college but Márquez was sent to Europe. When he returned, Márquez married Barcha in 1958.

Márquez had two sons with Barcha. His first son, Rodrigo García, was born in 1959, one year after Márquez and Barcha were married. His second son, Gonzalo, was born in 1962 in Mexico. Rodrigo is a movie director and Gonzalo is a graphic designer.

Márquez and his family traveled by bus to Mexico. They settled in Mexico City. Márquez had always wanted to see the Southern United States because it inspired the writings of William Faulkner. Márquez lived with his family in Mexico City.

In 1999, García Márquez was diagnosed with lymphatic cancer. He went through chemotherapy and made a quick recovery. But, Márquez began developing side effects of old age which drove to his retirement in May 2008.

In 2012, Márquez became sick from Alzheimer's disease. On April 3, 2014, Márquez was hospitalized in Mexico. He had infections in his lungs and his urinary tract and was suffering from dehydration. Márquez later had pneumonia.

Márquez died of pneumonia at age 87 in Mexico City, Mexico. His remains were cremated the next day.







Come On Over

Come On Over is the first album released by Plain White T's.



Stop (album)

Stop is the second album released by the band Plain White T's. It was the first plain White T's album to be released on Fearless Records. The album was released August 20, 2002.


Angus cattle

The Angus cattle, also known as Black Angus, or Aberdeen Angus is a Scottish breed of black hornless cattle. They come from the counties of Aberdeen and Angus. It is a medium-sized to large breed, with the cow's weight averaging around 1000 lbs and bull's weight averaging from 1800 to 2000 lbs. Cattle are mostly black and naturally polled or hornless. They are commonly raised in Australia, New Zealand, United States, Canada, South America and the British Isles. It is one of the most popular beef breed in the United States as it is thought to be better quality beef. The American Angus Association made the "Certified Angus Beef" (CAB) standard in 1978 to push this thought.

Aberfan

Aberfan is a village in Mid Glamorgan, South Wales. In 1966, a colliery spoil tip fell onto the village, killing 28 adults and 116 children.

Porto-Vecchio

Porto-Vecchio () is a town and commune of the Corse-du-Sud department, on the island of Corsica, in France.Porto-Vecchio is the third largest town in Corsica after Bastia and Ajaccio.Porto-Vecchio is also a tourism city, tourists come from many countries around the world, in particular from Italy, Germany or the Netherlands. Porto-Vecchio has 10,000 inhabitants, 40,000 in the summer.

The town of Porto-Vecchio is also called the "city of salt", because this one was built on salt-water marshes which were drained in order to develop itself.

Corsican gastronomy is rich and varied. Many of food are seasonal like clementines or citrus. Corsica is the only region of France producing this variety of oranges, around 25,000 tonnes per year and 40% of this production comes from Porto-Vecchio or its area. This fruit is very famous for its freshness and the vitamins which it brings. Another fruit very significant in Corsica and in particular in Porto-Vecchio is the chestnut because they are used in many Corsican dishes, for example, it is used to make bread or crepe. A typically Corsican dish is the pig that is cooked in a lot of version, and that has famous part really good, like: "coppa", "lonzu" or "prizuttu", which one is similar to a parma ham but the most famous is "figatelli", which is smoked. The most typical cheese is called "brocciu".


Bonifacio

Bonifacio () is a town and commune near the southern tip of the island of Corsica, in the "département" of Corse-du-Sud, France. Its inhabitants are called "Bonifaciens" and the city was founded as a fortress and named after Boniface II of Tuscany in 828. Bonifacio is split into two sections. The "vieille ville" (old town), or "la Haute Ville" (the Upper city).

Bonifacio is located directly on the Mediterranean Sea, separated from Sardinia by the Strait of Bonifacio. The commune includes the Lavezzi Islands.



<br>

Aleria

Aléria (Greek and Roman Alalia) is a commune in the Haute-Corse "département" of France, on the island of Corsica. It includes the easternmost point in Metropolitan France.

Since 1950 the necropolis of Casabianda's is excavated and have revealed grave goods, from the Late Archaic period forwards, that include the finest works of art, in jewels, weapons, metalwares, bronze and ceramic plates and dishes in particular, Attic cups, and rhytons.

As Latin Alalia, it was the capital of the Roman province of Corsica.


Treptower Tollensewinkel

Treptower Tollensewinkel was an "Amt" in the former district of Demmin. Since 4 September 2011, it is an Amt in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Rural District. Both districts were/are in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

The seat (capital city) of the "Amt" is in Altentreptow. 

The "Amt" Treptower Tollensewinkel consists of the following municipalities:

Tollense

The Tollense () is a river in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in northeastern Germany, right tributary of the Peene. The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg. The Tollense is long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin.

According to several reports in the German media, several human remains of the bronze period have been found in the region named Tollense valley () since 1997.

Many showed signs of injury and violent death. In 2008 research was concentrated on an area of . Hundreds of bone fragments, as well as wooden weaponry and flintstone arrowheads have been discovered. The finds were possible due to the preservation of the former swamp ground and the fact that the Tollense has never really changed its flow.

It is now estimated that about 200 people died in a battle-like scenario in that valley about 1250 BC. Since the population then was about 5 people per square kilometre, about 13 people per square mile, this would've been the most important battle in Bronze Age Germany yet to be discovered. More investigation of the grounds is planned for the years 2010 to 2015.

All That We Needed

All That We Needed is the third album released by the band Plain White T's. The album was released January 25, 2005.


Every Second Counts

Every Second Counts is the fourth album released by Plain White T's. The album peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" 200 on July 29, 2007. The album was released on September 12, 2006.



A deluxe edition of "Every Second Counts" was released. It also has a different cover, with a white background instead of a brown background and includes a slipcase. It contains:

The DVD includes a live concert in the bands hometown Chicago. The set list was:

Fritz Reuter

Fritz Reuter (7 November 1810 – 12 July 1874) was a German novelist. He was born at Stavenhagen in Mecklenburg-Schwerin.

In 1831, Reuter started to study at the University of Rostock, and in 1832 went to the University of Jena. At Jena he joined a "Burschenschaft" (nationalist students' club). In 1833 he was arrested in Berlin by the Prussian government. They could only prove he had worn the club's colours, but he was condemned to death for high treason. King Frederick William III of Prussia changed this to imprisonment for thirty years. In 1838 he was sent to a prison in Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and he spent two years in the fortress of Dömitz. Reuter was set free in 1840, when Frederick William IV became king of Prussia.

After his release from prison, Reuter started studying law again at the University of Heidelberg but had to leave and go back to Stavenhagen and help to run his father's farm. When his father died, he gave up farming, and in 1850 became a private teacher in a little town then called Treptow-an-der-Tollense in Pomerania. Here he married Luise Kunze, the daughter of a Mecklenburg pastor.

Reuter's first book was written in Low German. It was published in 1853. Three years later Reuter decided to give up teaching to become a writer, so he left Treptow and moved to Neubrandenburg.

"Ut de Franzosentid" and "Ut mine Stromtid" are Reuter's best books. In them he describes the men and women he knew in the villages and farmhouses of Mecklenburg. "Ut de Franzosentid" is set at the time of the fight against Napoleon. "Ut mine Stromtid" describes the revolutionary movement of 1848.

In 1863 Reuter moved from Neubrandenburg to Eisenach and here he died on 12 July 1874. In the books he wrote at Eisenach were not as good as his earlier writings.

FRITZ REUTER (1810–1894) -Jrank

A complete bibliography of Fritz Reuter can be found in the "Niederdeutsches Jahrbuch" for 1896 and 1902.

Marlfox

Marlfox is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1998. It is the eleventh book in the Redwall series. "Marlfox" has been translated into two different languages other than English, including French and Italian.

The Legend of Luke

The Legend of Luke is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1999. It is the twelfth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into two languages including French and Italian. It was also a "New York Times" Bestseller.

Lord Brocktree

Lord Brocktree is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2000. It is the thirteenth book in the "Redwall" series. Lord Brocktree was also translated into French.

A badger Lord named Brocktree is a strong badger with a mighty sword. With the help of friends Lord Brocktree takes back the mountain fortress of Salamandastron from Ungatt Trunn the Wildcat Warlord and his vermin horde.

The Taggerung

The Taggerung is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2001. It is the fourteenth book in the "Redwall" series. The title of the American book was Taggerung. It was also translated into French.

Triss

Triss is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2002. It is the fifteenth book in the "Redwall" series. It was also translated into French.

A young female squirrel named Trisscar (mostly called Triss) is a slave to a royal family of white ferrets who live in a castle on an island. Along with two other slaves, Shogg (a male otter) and Welfo (a female hedgehog), Triss escapes from the island. The evil ferrets chase Triss and her friends. Triss and Shogg join forces with warriors from Redwall Abbey and the mountain Salamandastron, and together, the woodland creatures fight rats, ferrets, snakes, and more in their fight for freedom.

Loamhedge

Loamhedge is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2003. It is the sixteenth book in the "Redwall" series. It was translated into French and Russian, and was a "New York Times" bestseller.

"Loamhedge" is about a young hare named Martha who cannot move her legs, and must use a wheelchair. It is also about the travels of her brother Horty, along with friends Bragoon, Saro, Fenna, and Springald, who are trying to find a cure for Martha.

Rakkety Tam

Rakkety Tam is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2004. It is the seventeenth book in the Redwall series, and it was also translated into French.

When the wolverine Gulo the Savage and his army of vermin sweep across the land, it's up to the squirrel Rakkety Tam MacBurl and his friend Wild Doogy Plumm with one hundred hares from Salamandastron to stop the wicked wolverine and protect Redwall Abbey and the land of Mossflower.

High Rhulain

High Rhulain is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2005. It is the eighteenth book in the "Redwall" series, and was also translated into French and Russian.

A young female otter named Tiria Wildlough is living at Redwall Abbey. When she gets a vision and riddle from the long-dead hero Martin the Warrior, she sets out with a hare named Cuthbert Blanedale Frunk in search of an island called Green Isle to fight an evil wildcat and lead a bunch of otters to freedom.

Eulalia!

Eulalia! is a children's fantasy book. It's the nineteenth book in the "Redwall" novel series, and was written by Brian Jacques in 2007.

Vizka Longtooth, a wicked fox pirate, captures a young badger named Gorath. At the same time, the old badger king of the mountain Salamandastron tells a young female hare named Maudie to go and find a new badger to be king after he dies. At Redwall Abbey, a young hedgehog named Orkwil Prink gets kicked out of the abbey because he keeps stealing stuff. What will happen to these three animals and the wicked fox pirate? 

Li Bai

Li Bai (also Li Bo or Li Po, ; 701–762) was a Chinese poet. His fellow poet Du Fu counted him to the group of Chinese scholars that he called the "Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup" in a poem. Li Bai is often regarded, along with Du Fu, as one of the two greatest poets in China's literary history. Today we know about 1,100 of his poems.

The first translations in a Western language were published in 1862 by Marquis d'Hervey de Saint-Denys in his "Poésies de l'Époque des Thang". The English-speaking world was introduced to Li Bai's works by a Herbert Allen Giles publication "History of Chinese Literature" (1901) and through the liberal, but poetically influential, translations of Japanese versions of his poems made by Ezra Pound.

Li Bai is best known for the imagination and Taoist imagery in his poetry. He spent much of his life travelling. People tell the story that he fell from his boat when he tried to embrace the reflection of the moon, and therefore drowned in the Yangtze River.

Li Bai was probably born in Central Asia, though the exact location is unknown. His ancestors had lived in exile in that area since around the 7th century. He grew up in a fairly poor family. His father was a merchant. Li Bai did not receive any formal schooling as a child. Despite this, he had always been skilled with the art of words even as a young boy. In 705, Li Bai's father moved the family back to Mien-chou in Sichuan. It was there that he spent most of his early childhood.

As Lai Bai grew up he developed his sword fighting skills. He spent his teenage years traveling all of Sichuan as a knight-errant. At age 25, he traveled to Central China. In 727, Li Bai traveled to A-lu in Hubei. He married the daughter of the retired prime minister. There, he continued to explore the natural world where he lived.

In 735, Li Bai traveled north to the Yellow River, and east to the Yangtze River. In 742, he traveled to Chang’an, and was presented to the Emperor. The Emperor gave Li Bai many compliments, and thought highly of him. He gave Li Bai a position at the Hanlin Academy. Li Bai received a lot of attention from fellow scholar-officials.

Li Bai enjoyed drinking liquor. He is known for often getting very drunk with seven other officials in city taverns. This earned them the title the "Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup" from Du Fu, another one of China's best poets at the time.

In 744, Li Bai left the city of Chang'an. He was bored with the luxuries of city life. A year later, he met up with Du Fu, in Loyang. It was here that he also became a Taoist, a decision that would change the rest of his life. After settling his family down in Loyang, he left on another ten-year journey wandering around northern China. During this time, his poetry reflects his shift in interest to Toasm rather than his youthful interests of knightly behaviors and gallantry. While famous and well known, Li Bai started to struggle with problems like lack of money and property.

Li Bai is best known for his imaginative and witty poetry. It involves romantic descriptions of nature, and opinions on ethics and death. He was famous among both nobles and commoners in his time, and is thought of as one of the four best poets during the Tang Dynasty. He is also well known for his Taoist beliefs and rebellion against Confucian teachings through his writing.

One of Li Bai's most famous poems is "Drinking Alone by Moonlight" (, pinyin: Yuè Xià Dú Zhuó), which is a good example of some of the most famous aspects of his poetry—a very spontaneous poem, full of natural images. Li Bai actually wrote several poems with the same title; Arthur Waley's version of the most famous reads:

Li Bai’s poetry reflects the state of low feeling one experiences when he finds his life is wasted, and talents unused. To drown his own sorrows, Li Bo became very drunk very often, until it became a lifelong habit. Wine, however did help him write. While he was drunk, Li Bai was able to compose beautiful verses without restraint. Without anything holding him back, Li Bai’s finest poems were composed with much spontaneity and imagination.

Li Bai is influential in the West partly due to Ezra Pound's versions of some of his poems in the collection "Cathay", such as . In the east he influenced poets like Mi Fei in the Song Dynasty.

A crater on the planet Mercury has been named after him.


Online translations (some with original Chinese, pronunciation, and literal translation):

Stop

Stop may refer to:














Naguib Mahfouz

Abdelaziz Ibrahim Ahmed Al-Basha (), ; 11 December 1911 – 30 August 2006), known as Naguib Mahfouz, was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize in Literature.

He managed to modernize Arabic literature. He is one of the few writers of Arabic literature who explored themes of existentialism.

Naguib Mahfouz was born in the Gamaliya quarter of Cairo and was named after Professor Naguib basha Mahfouz (1882-1974), the renowned Coptic physician who delivered him. In his childhood Mahfouz read extensively. His mother often took him to museums and Egyptian history. later became a major theme in many of his books.

The Egyptian Revolution of 1915 had a strong effect on Mahfouz, although he was at the time only seven years old. From the window he often saw English soldiers firing at the demonstrators, men and women. "You could say," he later noted, "that the one thing which most shook the security of my childhood was the 1919 revolution."

Before the Nobel Prize only a few of his novels had appeared in the West.
Because of his outspoken support for Anwar el Sadat's treaty with Israel, his books were banned in many Arab countries until after he won the Nobel prize.

Like many Egyptian writers and intellectuals, Mahfouz was on a "death list" by Islamic fundamentalists. He defended Salman Rushdie after the Iranian leader Ruhollah Khomeini condemned him to death, but later he criticized Rushdie's "Satanic Verses" as "insulting" to Islam.

Before his death, Mahfouz was the oldest living Nobel Literature laureate and the third oldest of all time, only Bertrand Russell and Halldor Laxness were older. At the time of his death, he was the only Arabic-language writer to have won the Nobel Prize for Literature.



Marcel Proust

Valentin Louis Georges Eugène Marcel Proust (French pronounced: maʁsɛl pʁust) (10 July 1871 – 18 November 1922) was a French novelist, essayist and critic, best known as the author of "À la recherche du temps perdu" (in English, "Remembrance of Things Past)", a monumental work of twentieth-century fiction published in seven parts from 1913 to 1927.

Proust was a homosexual. He died of pneumonia.



Ashoka

Ashoka was a famous emperor of the Mauryan Dynasty of South Asia who ruled from 268-232 BC. His name means "Without Sorrow".

Ashoka is often cited as one of South Asia's greatest emperors. After a number of military conquests, he reigned over much of present-day India, and Eastern Pakistan. He fought a war with the kingdom of Kalinga in which there was said to be 200,000+ casualties. He conquered Kalinga (present-day Odisha) around 261 BCE.

Afterwards, shaken by his brutal victory, he decided to become a Buddhist and lead with peace, not war. To do this, he set up hospitals for animals and humans, created shaded and rested areas along roads for weary travelers to rest, and dug wells in villages. We know these things about his life through various inscriptions (writing) on rocks and pillars. Ashoka also convinced people to follow Buddhists paths.

The national emblem of India and the "Ashok Chakra" are created by Ashoka. It's in the flag to keep a remembrance of him.

Puritanism

The Puritans were a group of English-speaking Protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries. Puritans thought that the English Reformation had not gone far enough. They also did not agree with some of the things the Church of England did.

King Henry VIII separated from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534 and established the Protestant Church of England. This Church remained until 1553. Queen Mary returned the Church to Roman Catholicism until 1558 when Elizabeth I of England became Queen. Since she was a Protestant many people were happy, but thought that the Church had not changed enough and was still too much like Catholicism.

A Puritan was any person who tried to become purer through worship and doctrine. The Puritans' way of life and set of beliefs were called Puritanism. The most important parts of Puritanism were piety (obeying religious rules), dressing simply, and living a modest life.

The Puritans believed some of the same things as Calvinists and Scottish Presbyterians. All of these groups were devoted to the Bible and to being morally pure.

One of the Puritans' most important beliefs was that every person needed to understand the Bible in his own way. (This belief is shared among most Protestants.) Puritans tried to live by the Bible's teachings in every way. They tried to be morally pure in even the smallest ways. They also tried to be spiritually pure in every way. They thought that man existed for the glory of God. They believed that man's most important job in life was to do God's will (what God wanted). By doing God's will, man would be rewarded with happiness in the future.

Because they did not agree with the way the Church of England did things, the Puritans made reforms, or changes, in their own churches and societies. Some of the Reformed churches in Europe made similar changes. The Puritans made preaching very important. They used as little ritual and decoration as possible. Very often, sermons talked about Hell. One famous sermon is "Sinners in the hands of an angry god", by Jonathan Edwards, an important Puritan preacher. The sermon talks about God being angry with people for sinful behavior, and throwing them into the fires of Hell as a punishment.

Many Puritan groups emigrated to New England so that they could start their own societies there and practice Puritanism the way they wanted. Puritan beliefs and writings became very important in New England. One important work was Puritan John Bunyan's "The Pilgrim's Progress".

Those who left the Church of England altogether were known as Separatists. Many of the Plymouth Colony Pilgrims who established the first successful colony in New England were separatists.


Devario

Devario is a genus of fish. It is a relative of the aquarium fish "Danio". Generally, they are larger than "Danio", and have deeper bodies than "Danio" species. They have vertical or horizontal stripes. In size, they range from 5 to 15 cm (2 to 6 in).

They are native to the freshwater rivers and streams of southeast Asia. Many species are brightly coloured, and are available as aquarium fish. They are active swimmers, and do best in a long tank.

Đá Nhảy Beach

Da Nhay Beach is a beach on the shore of South China Sea. Da Nhay in Vietnamese means "the rocks that jump". The beach was called this because of the geographical appearance of it; it has thousands rock reaching the sea and surrounding small fine sand beaches.

It is about 40 km north of Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.


Nhật Lệ Beach

Nhat Le Beach is a beach in Đồng Hới city, the capital of Quảng Bình Province. 

The sand there is fine and white with clean water. The beach is located on the mouth of Nhật Lệ River emptying into South China Sea. There is a four-star resort at the opposite bank of the river and another under construction. 

Nhật Lệ River

The Nhật Lệ River is a river in Đồng Hới City, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam. 

The Nhat Le River is 152 km long and splits up into other rivers such as the Kien Giang River, which is 58 km in length, and the Long Dai River, which it is 77 km long.


Varanasi

Varanasi (Sanskrit: वाराणसी "Vārāṇasī",Telugu: వారణాసి, [ʋaːɾaːɳəsiː), also commonly known as Banaras and Kashi, is a city on the banks of the river Ganga (Ganges) in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Hindus, Buddhists and Jains think it is holy. It is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world.

Rani Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi from 1842 to 6/18/1858, an Indian queen and charismatic female strategist, was born here, named Manikarnika. On 10 May 1857, she led the Hindu revolt, also known as India's First War of Independence, against the British navy. She died on 6/17/1858 or 6/18/1858 at age 29.


Munshi Premchand

Munshi Premchand (Hindi: प्रेमचंद, Urdu: پریمچںد‎), whose original name was Dhanpat Rai Srivastava, He was born on 31 July 1880 and he died on 8 October 1936. He was a writer of modern Hindi and Urdu literature.

Munshi Premchand (, ), whose original name was "Dhanpat Rai Srivastava" , was born on 31 July 1880, in village "Lamahi" near Varanasi, where his father was a clerk in the post office. Premchand's parents died young - his mother when he was seven and his father while he was fourteen and still a student. Premchand was left responsible for his stepmother and step-siblings. 

Early in life, Premchand faced immense poverty. He earned five rupees a month tutoring a lawyer's child. He was married at the early age of fifteen but that marriage failed, later he married again, to Shivrani Devi, a balavidhava (child widow), and had several children. She supported him through life struggles. 

Premchand passed his exam with great effort in 1898, and in 1899 he took up school-teaching job, with a monthly salary of eighteen rupees. In 1919 he passed his B.A. with English, Persian and History. Later, Premchand worked as the deputy sub-inspector of schools.

Premchand lived a life of financial struggle. Once he took a loan of two-and-a-half rupees to buy some clothes. He had to struggle for three years to pay it back.

When asked why he does not write anything about himself, he answered: "What greatness do I have that I have to tell anyone about? I live just like millions of people in this country; I am ordinary. My life is also ordinary. I am a poor school teacher suffering family travails. During my whole lifetime, I have been grinding away with the hope that I could become free of my sufferings. But I have not been able to free myself from suffering. What is so special about this life that needs to be told to anybody?". 

During his last years,he became terribly ill. The money his wife used to give for his treatment was used in running his press "The Saraswati". He was also writing a book "Mangalsutra" which would never be completed. All this had serious impact on his health leading to his early death on 8th October 1936, at the age of 56.

The main characteristic of Premchand's writings is his interesting story-telling and use of simple language. His novels describe the problems of the rural peasant classes. He avoided the use of highly Sanskritized Hindi (as was the common practice among Hindi writers), and also Spanish language.

Premchand has written about 300 short stories, several novels as well as many essays and letters. He has also written some plays. He also did some translations. Many of Premchand's stories have been translated into English and Russian.

"Godaan" (The gift of a cow), his last novel, is considered the finest Hindi novel of all times. The hero, Hori, a poor peasant, desperately longs for a cow, a symbol of wealth and prestige in rural India. Hori gets a cow but pays with his life for it. After his death, the village priests demand a cow from his widow to bring his soul to peace.

In "Kafan" (Shroud), a poor man collects money for the funeral rites of his dead wife, but spends it on food and drink.




Satyajit Ray filmed two of Premchand's works – "Sadgati" and "Shatranj Ke Khiladi". "Sadgati" (Salvation) is a short story about poor Dukhi, who gets exhausted to death while he hews wood for more or less nothing. "Shatranj ke Khiladi" (The Chess Players) tells the story of chess players who are so concentrated on a game that they forget their responsibilities in the midst of a crisis.



Kashi

Kashi can mean:

Dependent territory

A dependent territory is a territory that is not fully independent or sovereign. They belong to a sovereign state, and are dependent on that state to some degree. There are varying degrees and forms of such a dependence. They are commonly distinguished from subnational entities in that they are not considered to be part of the state. A subnational entity typically represents a division of the country proper, while a dependent territory is a legally separate territory that enjoys a greater degree of autonomy.

As an example, Greenland is a dependent territory of Denmark, and Saint Helena is a dependent territory of the United Kingdom.

Most of these dependent territories were originally colonies, which often had no autonomy.

This list includes all territories that have not been legally incorporated into their governing state, including several territories that are not on the list of non-self-governing territories of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Dependency claims without general international recognition, including all claims in Antarctica, are listed in "italics".

"Summary:" New Zealand has one dependent territory (Tokelau) and a "territorial claim in Antarctica", as well as two self-governing associated states.

"Summary:" Norway has 1 dependent territory and "2 dependency claims".

"Summary:" the United Kingdom has 13 Overseas Territories (10 autonomous, 1 restricted to military personnel, 1 uninhabited, 1 group of Sovereign Base Areas), 3 Crown dependencies (autonomous), and "1 dependency claim".

"Summary:" the United States has 11 dependent territories and 2 dependency claims. The uninhabited Palmyra Atoll is administered similarly to some of these territories, but unlike the others is a fully incorporated part of the United States.

Notes

Pidgin

Pidgin is a simplified language. Pidgin languages serve as a crucial precursor to the development of Creole languages, acting as a simplified form of communication that emerges in situations of linguistic contact, such as trade, colonization, or slavery. Pidgins typically arise when speakers of different languages come into regular contact but do not share a common language. These pidgins often incorporate elements from multiple languages, such as vocabulary and basic grammar, to facilitate basic communication. However, pidgins lack the complexity and stability of fully developed languages, as they are typically used in specific contexts and by speakers who also maintain their native languages. Pidgins are not usually as complicated as many other languages.

The transition from pidgin to Creole occurs when pidgin languages become more stable, acquiring native speakers who use them as their primary means of communication. As these pidgins are passed down through generations, they undergo a process of creolization, wherein they develop more complex grammatical structures, expanded vocabulary, and clearer phonological features. Creole languages emerge as fully developed languages with native speakers who use them in various social contexts beyond their original pidgin functions. This process of creolization often occurs over generations as children learn the pidgin as their first language and contribute to its development through regular use and natural language evolution.
The term "pidgin" originates from the Chinese word "pídīng," meaning "business" or "trading." Pidgin was used by English sailors and traders in the 18th century to communicate with Chinese merchants. Pidgin referred to a simplified language formed from a combination of different languages for the purpose of trade or communication between speakers of different native languages. As colonial powers expanded their influence, pidgin languages emerged in various regions around the world, including the Pacific Islands, Africa, and the Caribbean, often as a result of interactions between indigenous peoples, Europeans, and enslaved Africans.

Pidgin languages typically develop in contexts of contact between groups with no common language and are characterized by simplified grammar, reduced vocabulary, and a mixture of linguistic elements from multiple languages. Over time, as pidgin languages become more stable and are passed on to the next generation as a native language, they can evolve into creole languages. Creoles are fully developed languages with their own grammar, vocabulary, and syntax, often incorporating elements from the pidgin's parent languages but also exhibiting unique features. Creole languages arise when children are exposed to pidgin languages as their first language and develop them into fully functional means of communication within their communities. Thus, while pidgin languages serve as simplified contact languages for immediate communication, creole languages represent the natural evolution and expansion of these simplified forms into fully developed linguistic systems.

Countries that use pidgin languages as their official languages include Papua New Guinea, Jamaica and some other Caribbean and Central American countries:

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Language data changes daily and should not be used as exact numbers" 












Eiterfeld

Eiterfeld is a village in Germany in the east of Hesse. It can be found north of the town of Fulda and south of the town of Bad Hersfeld.

The most important building is Burg Fürsteneck, a castle from the Middle Ages. It is preserved and restored competely.


SOCKS

SOCKS is an Internet protocol that allows one client computer to connect to another computer via a third computer (SOCKS server). SOCKS is an abbreviation for "SOCKetS".

When a direct connection between two computers (clients) is not possible for some services (e.g. HTTP, FTP, or chat protocols like MSN and AOL), a user can use these services via a so-called SOCKS server (routing).

Example: Bill wants to chat with Jane. Bill has a bad service provider who limits internet access. Bill's computer then connects to the SOCKS server, which is able to "chat" with Jane's computer without restrictions.

An HTTP proxy works similar to a SOCKS server, but is limited on routing HTTP traffic only.

Squid cache

Squid cache, or simply Squid, is a type of proxy server. They have many different uses, including making web servers faster. It is mostly used in HTTP and FTP protocols, but it has some support for some other types of protocols, like SSL, TLS, and HTTPS. It has been made over several years by people in the University of California in San Diego. It was made to be run on Linux-type computers, but with the use of Cygwin, it can also run completely on Windows computers. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.


Corsican language

Corsican ("" or "Lingua Corsa") is a Romance language spoken on the island of Corsica (France), together with French, which is the official language. Similar languages are also spoken on the nearby island of Sardinia (Italy), in the city of Sassari and the historical region of Gallura. Corsican is similar to the dialects of Central Italy, particularly in Tuscany. Corsican is spoken by almost 35% of people in Corsica.

According to its UNESCO classification, the Corsican language is now in danger of becoming extinct. The language is separated into two dialects, "Northern Corsican", spoken in the Bastia and Corte areas, and "Southern Corsican", spoken around Sartene and Porto-Vecchio. The dialect of Ajaccio has been described as in transition. The dialects spoken at Calvi and Bonifacio are like the Genoa dialect, also known as Ligurian.

In the Sardinian region of Gallura, including the town of Tempio Pausania, and on the island of La Maddalena "Gallurese" is spoken. The Corsican language is very important for the Corsican culture, because it is really rich in proverbs.


PMMP

PMMP is a Finnish pop rock band. The band has two singers: Paula Vesala and Mira Luoti and three musicians Mikko Virta, Juho Vehmanen and Heikki Kytölä. The band writes their own songs with Jori Sjöroos. PMMP became popular in Finland in 2003, with the song "Rusketusraidat". Their biggest hit is a song called "Oo siellä jossain mun".

In November 2007, PMMP released their fourth album "Puuhevonen" which has songs for children. 






Louis III of France

Louis III of France (863/865 – 5 August 882) was the King of Western Francia. He was the second son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde. He and his brother Carloman, both became king together and ruled together after his father's death in 879.

Louis won an important battle against the Viking pirates at the Battle of Saucourt-en-Vimeu, in 881. He died in August 882 at Saint Denis after falling from his horse. Because he had no children, his brother Carloman became the sole king.

Carloman II

Carloman II of France (c. 866 – 12 December 884), king of Western Francia, was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde. He and his brother Louis III of France shared the kingship when their father died in 879. Carloman became sole king in 882 when his brother died.

Carloman had problems with Viking raiders during his reign. He died while hunting on December 12, 884.

Eldest

Eldest is the second book in the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini. It comes after "Eragon" and was first published in hardcover on August 23, 2005. The paperback came out in September of 2006.

In this book Eragon, with his dragon Saphira visits the elf city Ellesmera to complete his training. He is accompanied by a dwarf Orik and the elf, Arya. Here he finds out that the mysterious Mourning Sage had been another rider named Oromis, and his dragon Glaedr. Oromis is an Elf and is very old so he cannot fight Galbatorix but he can teach Eragon and Saphira. Eragon now has his own disability; his back pains him very much when ever he fights or exerts himself. During his stay, in a celebration of the elves the dragons grant Eragon with a gift, he is transformed, gaining the physical features of an elf. His back is also healed. He becomes much faster, stronger and his lessons become easier. His training is disrupted by news that the Varden are being attacked by a huge army sent by Galbatorix. Eragon goes to their aid and helps them in battle and has an encounter with another dragon rider and his red dragon. The Rider turns out to be Murtagh. Galbatorix had captured him after the battle in Farthen Dur and when a dragon hatched for him, Galbatorix made them swear oaths in the Ancient Language (so they cannot break them) that they would only serve him. They are bound by their oath to try and capture Eragon and Saphira. Eragon loses but Murtagh leaves him because he has "tried", telling him that Galbatorix will make sure Murtagh's oaths are stronger next time. He takes Za'roc from Eragon, because it was Morzan's sword. He also tells Eragon they are brothers and that Eragon is also the son of Morzan.

Charles the Fat

Charles the Fat (13 June 839 – 13 January 888) was the King of Alemannia from 876, King of Italy from 879, Holy Roman Emperor (as Charles III) from 881, King of East Francia from 882, and King of West Francia from 884. He lost control of East Francia, Lotharingia, and possibly Italy in 887. He died a few weeks later in January 888. 

Odo of France

Odo of France (c. 857 – January 1, 898) was a king of the Franks (888 - 898). He was a son of Robert the Strong, count of Anjou, and is sometimes called duke of France and also as count of Paris. His family is known as the Robertians. Odo made Paris his capital and that was important to making the start of modern France.

839

839 was a year starting on a Wednesday on the Julian Calendar.



820

820 (DCCCXX) was .


843

The year 843 (DCCCXLIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


898

Year 898 (DCCCXCVIII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.



Philadelphia City Hall

The Philadelphia City Hall is a city hall in Philadelphia, United States. It is 167 meters (548 feet) tall and has 9 floors. It was built in 1901.

Philadelphia City Hall was the tallest building in the world from 1901 to 1908. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was Philadelphia City Hall. The Singer Building became the tallest seven year later. 


Virtual Magic Kingdom

Virtual Magic Kingdom was an online game community run by Disney. It was made to be an online version of the Magic Kingdom in Disney World which is in Florida. The game opened in 2005 and closed in 2008.

Treaty of Verdun

The Treaty of Verdun (843) happened two generations after Charlemagne and divided his empire into three parts. When Charlemagne's son Louis the Pious died in 840, his oldest son Lothair I said that he ruled his younger brothers and their lands. But his brothers Louis the German and Charles the Bald won the Battle of Fontenoy (841).

Each of the brothers already had one kingdom - Lothair in Italy, Louis the German in Bavaria, and Charles the Bald in Aquitaine. 




Jousting

Jousting was a sport for rich people in Europe during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. It was fought by knights on horses using different weapons such as lances, battle axes, daggers, and swords. The knights wore armor and fought in tournaments.

Quảng Bình province

Quảng Bình () is a province in the North Central Coast of Vietnam.

The province has the World Heritage Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park. The province is the place of birth of several famous Vietnamese persons, including general Vo Nguyen Giap, the family of former South Vietnamese president Ngo Dinh Diem, poet Han Mac Tu, and writer Bao Ninh. During the Vietnam War, this province was severely devastated by bombing by U.S. B-52s.

GI (military)

GI or G.I. is a term used to describe a member of the United States armed forces or an item of their equipment. The term is often thought to be an initialism of "Government Issue" but the origin of the term is in fact "galvanized iron" after the letters "GI" that were used for equipment such as metal trash cans made from it in U.S. Army inventories and supply records.

Hồ Ngọc Hà

Hồ Ngọc Hà (born 25 November, 1984) is a Vietnamese singer, model and actress. She became famous when she won 1st prize of super model contest of Vietnam in 2003 and 2004, then she turned to act as singer.

Hồ Ngọc Hà was born in Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình province to a banking family. Her grandfather was of French descent. She studied piano at Military College of Arts . She is now living in Ho Chi Minh City.


Max Wolf

Maximilian Franz Joseph Cornelius Wolf (21 June 1863 – 3 October 1932) was a German astronomer. He was born in Heidelberg, Germany. He discovered the first Trojan asteroid, 588 Achilles.

Steeping

Steeping may mean:

One example is the steeping of corn, part of the milling process. As described by the US Corn Refiners Association, harvested kernels of corn are cleaned and then steeped in water at a temperature of 50 degrees for 30 to 40 hours. In the process their moisture content rises from 15% to 45% and their volume more than doubles. The gluten bonds in the corn are weakened and starch is released. 

The corn is then ground to break free the germ and other components, and the water used (steepwater), which has absorbed various nutrients, is recycled for use in animal feeds. 

Gluten

Gluten // is a composite of the proteins "gliadin" and "glutenin". These proteins are found in the endosperms of some grass-like grains such as wheat, rye and barley. Gliadin and glutenin make up about 80% of the protein contained in wheat seed. As they are insoluble in water, they can be got by washing away the starch in the grain. Worldwide, gluten is an important source of food protein, both in foods prepared directly from grains with gluten in them, and as an additive to foods that are low in protein.

Some people are very sensitive to glutens in their food. When they eat foods which contain gluten, these people may experience stomach cramps, bloating, gas and diarrhoea and rashes. This sensitivity is called coeliac disease (in North America, it is usually spelled "celiac disease"). 



Octal

The octal numeral system is a base 8 numeral system. It uses the numerals 0 through 7. The system is similar to binary (base 2) and hexadecimal (base 16). Octal numerals are written using the letter "o" before the numeral, for example, o04 or o1242. Octal numbers are also sometimes written with a small 8 to the lower right, as in 1242.

At one time, the octal system was used mainly for work with computers. It provided an easier way to work with binary numbers. As computers changed from using 24-bit systems to 32- and 64-bit systems, hexadecimal replaced octal for most uses. Certain groups, for example, Native Americans using the Yuki language in California and the Pamean languages in Mexico, also use an octal numbering system. They do this because when they count, they use the spaces between their fingers instead of counting the actual fingers.

The octal numeral system uses a "three-bit" binary coding. Each digit in an octal numeral is the same as three digits in a binary numeral. The grouping of the binary digits is done from right to left. The first three binary digits from the right are grouped into the last part of the octal numeral, then the next three digits form the next to the last part of the numeral.
In the decimal system (base 10), each digit in octal is equal to that digit multiplied by the exponent of 8 that is equal to its location minus one.
Example: o3425 to decimal
Octal is similar to hexadecimal because they are both easily converted to binary. Where octal is equal to three-digit binary, hexadecimal is equal to four-digit binary. Where octal numerals start with the letter "o", hexadecimal numerals end with the letter "h". The easiest way to convert from one to the other is to convert to binary and then to the other system.



Rubiaceae

Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants, variously called the madder, bedstraw, or coffee family. There are about 600 genera and more than 10,000 species in Rubiaceae. 

There are three subfamilies: "Rubioideae", "Cinchonoideae" and "Ixoroideae".


Gentianales

Gentianales are an order of flowering plants.
Under the APG definition some well-known members of Gentianales are coffee, gardenias, and frangipani.


Danish Centre of Urban History

The Danish Centre of Urban History (in Danish, "Dansk Center for Byhistorie") is a research and communication center for the history of Danish cities. The centre was founded in 2001 by The Institute of History and Area Studies at Aarhus University and The Old Town, National Open Air Museum of Urban History and Culture. 

The Centre has two book series called "Danish Urban Studies" and "Writings on Danish Urban History". These series have books and articles about Danish urban history from medieval ages until today. The centre provides Danish urban history to a wider audience on the internet through a website called The Digital City Gate. This site gives access to databases and presentations of Danish urban history. It mainly focuses on the period from 1600 to 1900.


Gardenia

Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. Gardenia can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, southern Asia, Australasia and Oceania.

The genus was named by Carl Linnaeus after "Dr Alexander Garden" (1730-1791), Scottish-born American naturalist.

They are evergreen shrubs and small trees growing to 1–15 m tall. The leaves are opposite or in whorls of three or four, 5–50 cm long and 3–25 cm broad, dark green and glossy with a leathery texture. The flowers are solitary or in small clusters, white or pale yellow. Flowering is from about mid-spring to mid-summer and many species are strongly scented.

Gardenia plants are prized for the strong sweet scent of their flowers, which can be very large in some species.

Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow. Because they originated in warm humid tropical areas, they demand high humidity.


Frangipani

Plumeria (common name Frangipani) is a small genus of 7-8 species that grow in tropical and subtropical Americas. The genus consists of mainly deciduous shrubs and trees. "P. rubra" (Common Frangipani, Red Frangipani), that grows in Mexico, Central America, and Venezuela, produces flowers ranging from white, yellow to pink. From Mexico and Central America, "Plumeria" has spread to all tropical areas of the world, especially Hawaii, where it grows so abundantly that many people think that it is native there.

"Plumeria" is related to the Oleander, "Nerium Oleander", and both possess poisonous, milky sap, rather similar to that of "Euphorbia".


Religious conversion

Religious conversion is the adoption of a new religious identity, or a change from one religious identity to another. "Conversion" can take place not only from one religion to another, but also between different denominations, within the same faith, when this involves a felt change of spiritual identity rather than other reasons such as convenience.




Min Nan

Min or Miin (Minnan in Mandarin Chinese), more commonly referred to as Hokkien, Taiwanese, Holo, or Hoklo, is a group of languages that is spoken in southern China. It is spoken in the southern part of Fujian. It is also spoken in Taiwan, Singapore, Guangdong, and Hainan. The name of the language comes from the Min River that is in Fujian.

Radical (Chinese character)

A Chinese radical (Chinese: 部首; pinyin: bùshǒu; "section header") is the part of a Chinese character used to list the character in a Chinese dictionary. 

The radical is usually a semantic indicator: a piece that gives hints to the reader about what the whole character means. Later, the term was given a "second" meaning, the 部首 (Pinyin: "bùshǒu", Japanese "bushu", Korean "busu"). This means "section header", which refers to the place where a character is listed in the dictionary. 

Radicals are typically simpler characters, or different variants of simpler characters, which combine with other radicals to make a more complex character. People can only make so many unique ideographs for the huge number of words and morphemes that make up a language. Combining already existing ideographs together to form a compound ideograph is a very convenient solution to make many more words. While there are thousands of Chinese characters (well over 45,000) that exist, nearly all characters used in daily life are made up of just 214 radicals. 

One example of simpler characters combining to form a more complex one is the complex character 明 "míng" meaning "bright" or "tomorrow", which is made up of the radicals 日 "rì" meaning "sun" or "day" and 月 "yuè" meaning "moon" or "month", both of which are simple characters that can exist by themselves, and the putting together of sun 日 and moon 月 to make one character show that either the sun and moon pass before tomorrow comes, or that they are the bright objects in the sky that shine light on the earth. An example of characters with radicals that don't exist by themselves is the complex character 休 "xìu" meaning "to stop", “to cease” or "to rest", which is made up of the radical 亻, which is a variant of the simple character 人 "rén" meaning "person" or "human", though the variant never exists as by itself must therefore attach itself to another character to form a complete character, and the radical 木 "mǔ" meaning "wood" or "tree", hinting what a person might want to do after he/she ceases working (like lying on a tree). 

A more complex is the character 媽 "mā" meaning “mother” (shown right), in which the left part 女 "nǚ" meaning "woman" or "female" happens to be the semantic component, and also the section header under which dictionaries list the graph. Not all section headers function in a particular character as the semantic component. Some are based on phonetics, or hint as the character's pronunciation, like the right part 馬 "mǎ" meaning "horse" of the character 媽. Although the meaning of the character 媽 has no clear, obvious connection to a horse, 馬 is included to help the reader remember its pronunciation. Other section headers are merely chosen for convenience of finding the character in a dictionary, and play neither a semantic nor a phonetic role, like 二 "èr" "two" in 亞 "yà" "second" or "inferior",亅 "jué" (no meaning) in 了 "liào" "past tense marker", and 一 "yī" "one" in 丁 "dīng" "fourth". These two meanings of “radical” are not synonymous, though they may coincide in a particular example, causing a lot of confusion. (For clarity, both semantic component and section header terms are used here.)

The equivalents in cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphics are called determinatives.

Chinese character components, whether semantic or phonetic in role, are the building blocks for all Chinese Hanzi as well as in the derived forms of Japanese Kanji, Korean Hanja, and Vietnamese Chữ nôm and Chữ nho. Since the Kangxi dictionary of 1716 was indexed using the 214 "Zìhuì" section headers, the standard list has remained unchanged. Section headers are foundationally important for the organisation and use of Hanzi, Kanji, and Hanja dictionaries.

Gladwyn Jebb

Hubert Miles Gladwyn Jebb, 1st Baron Gladwyn, GCMG, GCVO, CB, known as Gladwyn Jebb (25 April 1900 – 24 October 1996), was a prominent British civil servant, diplomat and politician as well as the first Acting Secretary-General of the United Nations.

After World War II, he served as Executive Secretary of the Preparatory Commission of the United Nations in August 1945. He was appointed Acting United Nations Secretary-General from October 1945 to February 1946 until the appointment of the first Secretary-General Trygve Lie.

Returning to London, Jebb was Deputy to the Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin at the Conference of Foreign Ministers before serving as the Foreign Office's United Nations Adviser (1946-47). He represented the United Kingdom at the Brussels Treaty Permanent Commission with personal rank of Ambassador. He became the United Kingdom's Ambassador to the United Nations from 1950-1954 and to Paris from 1954-1960.

In 1960 Jebb was made a hereditary peer and as Baron Gladwyn became involved in politics as a member of the Liberal Party. He was Deputy Leader of the Liberals in the House of Lords 1965-1988 and spokesman on foreign affairs and defence. An supporter of the European Union, he served as a Member of the European Parliament 1973-1976 where he was also the Vice-President of the Parliament's Political Committee. He tried to be elected to the European Parliament in 1979.

When asked why he had joined the Liberal party in the early 1960s, he replied that the Liberals were a party without a general and that he was a general without a party. Like many Liberals, he passionately believed that education was the key to social reform.

He died in 1996, and is buried at St. Andrew's, Bramfield in the county of Suffolk.

Jebb's wife, Cynthia, Lady Gladwyn, was a noted diarist of their times in Paris and a hostess of Liberal and London politics. She was the great-grand daughter of Isambard Kingdom Brunel.


Publications by Baron Gladwyn include:


Trygve Lie

Trygve Halvdan Lie () (16 July 1896 – 30 December 1968) was a Norwegian politician. From 1946 to 1952 he was the first elected Secretary-General of the United Nations.

Lie was born in Oslo (then Kristiania) on 16 July 1896. He joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after getting his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. He married Hjørdis Jørgensen in 1921; the couple had three daughters, Sissel, Guri, and Mette.

Later he was elected to the Storting (Norway's Parliament). He was appointed Minister of Justice when a Labour Party government was formed by Johan Nygaardsvold in 1935. Lie was later named Minister of Trade and Industries and Minister of Supply and Shipping.

In 1940, when Norway was invaded by Germany, Lie ordered all Norwegian ships to sail to Allied ports. Lie was named as Foreign Minister of the Norwegian government-in-exile.

Lie led the Norwegian "delegation" (group) to the United Nations conference in San Francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the rules to set up the United Nations Security Council. He was the leader of the Norwegian delegation to the United Nations general assembly in 1946. On February 1, 1946, he was elected as the first United Nations Secretary-General as a result of a compromise between the major powers, having only missed being elected President of the first General Assembly by a small margin. He gets much of the credit for securing the current site for the United Nations headquarters from John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and establishing the offices there.

As Secretary General, Lie supported the foundation of Israel and Indonesia. He worked for the withdrawal of Soviet forces in Iran and a stop to fighting in Kashmir. He attracted the anger of the Soviet Union when he helped gather support for the defence of South Korea after it was invaded in 1950 and later worked to end the Soviet boycott of UN meetings, though his involvement has only little to do with the eventual return of the Soviet Union to the UN. He was opposed to Spain's entry into the United Nations because of his opposition to the Franco government. He also sought to have the People's Republic of China recognized by the United Nations after the Nationalist government was exiled to Taiwan, arguing that the People's Republic was the only government which could fulfill the membership obligations in full. This did not happen until the 1970s.

He has been criticized for his failures to facilitate negotiation in the Berlin Blockade, as well as his failure to bring about a more swift end to the Korean War. His critics argue that he was under the influence of a select few in the UN Secretariat. He has also been criticized for his arrogance and stubbornness.

Over objections from the Soviet Union, his term of office was extended by the General Assembly 46 - 5 in 1950. This was the result of a Security Council impasse, in which the US refused to accept any candidate but Lie, and the Soviet Union's absolute refusal to accept him again, due to his involvement in the Korean War. The Soviet Union refused to acknowledge him as secretary general in his second term, and after having been accused by Joseph McCarthy of hiring "disloyal" Americans (an allegation which he attributed to the rapid hiring of civil servants necessary after the creation of the organization), Lie resigned on November 10, 1952.

Lie remained active in Norwegian politics after his resignation from the UN. He was the Governor of Oslo and Akershus, Chairman of the Board of Energy, Minister of the Interior, and Minister of Trade.

Lie died on December 30, 1968 of a heart attack. He was 72 years old.


Nuclear force

Nuclear force is the force between nucleons. It is the force that pulls protons and neutrons into atoms. It is very hard to break the bond, or tie, between protons and neutrons in an atom, because nuclear force holds them together. When the bond is broken, this is called nuclear fission.

U Thant

U Thant (22 January 1909 – 25 November 1974) was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations, from 1961 to 1971. He was chosen after his predecessor Dag Hammarskjöld was killed in a plane crash in September 1961.

"U" is a word in Burmese, roughly equal to "Mister." "Thant" was his only name. In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant. His home town is Pantanaw, so this means "Mr Thant of Pantanaw"

When U Nu became the Prime Minister of the newly independent Burma, he asked Thant to join him in Rangoon and appointed him as Director of Broadcasting in 1948. In the following year he was appointed Secretary to the Government of Burma in the Ministry of Information. From 1951 to 1957, Thant was Secretary to the Prime Minister. He also took part in a number of international conferences and was the secretary of the first Asian-African summit in 1955 at Bandung, Indonesia which gave birth to the Non-Aligned Movement.

From 1957 to 1961, he was Burma's Permanent Representative (Ambassador) to the United Nations, and became actively involved in negotiations over Algerian independence. In 1960 the Burmese government awarded him the title "Maha Thray Sithu" as a commander in the Pyidaungsu Sithu Thingaha Order (similar to an order of knights).

Thant began serving as Acting Secretary-General from November 3, 1961, when he was unanimously appointed by the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Security Council, to fill the unexpired term of Dag Hammarskjöld. He was then unanimously appointed Secretary-General by the General Assembly on November 30, 1962 for a term of office ending on November 3, 1966. During this first term he was widely credited for his role in defusing the Cuban Missile Crisis and for ending the civil war in the Congo.

U Thant was appointed to a second term as Secretary-General of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2, 1966 on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council. His term of office continued until December 31, 1971, when he retired. During his time in office, he oversaw the entry into the UN of dozens of new Asian and African states and was a firm opponent of apartheid in South Africa. He also established many of the UN's development and environmental agencies, funds and programmes, including the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the UN University, UNCTAD, UNITAR and the United Nations Environment Programme.

He had also led many successful though now largely forgotten peace making efforts, for example in Yemen in 1962 and Bahrain in 1968. In each case, war would have provoked a wider regional conflict, and it was Thant's quiet mediation which prevented war.

Unlike his two predecessors, Thant retired after ten years on speaking terms with all the big powers. In 1961 when he was first appointed, the Soviet Union had tried to insist on a "troika" formula of three Secretaries-General, one representing each Cold War bloc, something which would have maintained equality in the United Nations between the superpowers. By 1966, when Thant was reappointed, all the big powers, in a unanimous vote of the Security Council, affirmed the importance of the Secretary-Generalship and his good offices, a clear tribute to Thant's work.

The Six Day War between Arab countries and Israel, the Prague Spring and subsequent Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 leading to the birth of Bangladesh all took place during his time as Secretary-General.

He was widely criticized in the US and Israel for agreeing to pull UN troops out of the Sinai in 1967 in response to a request from Egyptian President Nasser. U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last minute peace effort.

His once good relationship with the US government deteriorated rapidly when he publicly criticized American conduct of the Vietnam War. His secret attempts at direct peace talks between Washington and Hanoi were eventually rejected by the Johnson Administration.

Thant followed unidentified flying object reports with some interest; in 1967, he arranged for American atmospheric physicist Dr. James E. McDonald to speak before the UN's Outer Space Affairs Group regarding UFOs.

On January 23, 1971 U Thant categorically announced that he would "under no circumstances" be available for a third term as Secretary-General. For many weeks, the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a successor before finally settling on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as Secretary-General on December 21, 1971 — Waldheim's 53rd birthday — and just ten days before U Thant's second term was to have ended.

In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a 'great sense of relief bordering on liberation' on relinquishing the 'burdens of office'. In an editorial published around December 27, 1971 praising U Thant, "The New York Times" stated that "the wise counsel of this dedicated man of peace will still be needed after his retirement". The editorial was entitled "The Liberation of U Thant".

U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25, 1974. By this time Burma was ruled by a military junta which refused him any honors. The then Burmese President Ne Win was envious of U Thant's international stature and the respect that was accorded him by the Burmese populace. Ne Win also resented U Thant's close links with the democratic government of U Nu which Ne Win had overthrown in a coup d'état on March 2, 1962. Ne Win ordered that U Thant be buried without any official involvement or ceremony.

From the United Nations headquarters in New York, U Thant's body was flown back to Rangoon but no guard of honour or high ranking officials were on hand at the airport when the coffin arrived.

On the day of U Thant's funeral on December 5, 1974, tens of thousands of people lined the streets of Rangoon to pay their last respects to their distinguished countryman whose coffin was displayed at Rangoon's Kyaikasan race course for a few hours before the scheduled burial.

The coffin of U Thant was then snatched by a group of students just before it was scheduled to leave for burial in an ordinary Rangoon cemetery. The student demonstrators buried U Thant on the former grounds of the Rangoon University Students Union (RUSU), which Ne Win had dynamited and destroyed on July 8, 1962.

During the period of December 5 through December 11, 1974, the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches. In the early morning hours of December 11, 1974, government troops stormed the campus, killed some of the students guarding the makeshift mausoleum, removed U Thant's coffin, and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda, where it has continued to lie.

Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant's coffin, many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon. Martial law was declared in Rangoon and the surrounding metropolitan areas. What has come to be known as the U Thant crisis — the student-led protests over the shabby treatment by the Ne Win government of U Thant — was crushed by the Burmese government.

In 1978, U Thant's memoirs "View from the UN" was published, by the American publishing house Doubleday.




Shota Rustaveli

Shota Rustaveli was a Georgian poet of the 12th century, and the greatest classic of Georgian secular literature. He is the author of "The Knight in the Panther's Skin" ("Vepkhistqaosani" in Georgian), the Georgian national epic poem. Little is known about life of the poet. He was a courtier of king Tamari.

"The Knight in the Panther's Skin" (the actual name is Vepkhistkaosani, which means The wearer of Tiger's Skin) has been translated into many languages. It was first printed in 1712, in Tbilisi (capital of Georgia). It consists of 1576 four line stanzas with monorhyme. That means all lines rhyme to each other. The lines are made up of sixteen syllables.



Supreme Commander

Supreme Commander is a real-time strategy computer game. It was made by Chris Taylor and his game company, Gas Powered Games. Many people think of the game as a spiritual successor to a game Taylor made in 1997, called "Total Annihilation". The game was first talked about in the August 2005 issue of "PC Gamer" magazine. It was released on February 16, 2007 in Europe and February 20, 2007 in North America. "Supreme Commander" has an expansion pack called ".

Forcalquier

Forcalquier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the southeastern part of France.

Sirenia (band)

Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger, Norway, founded in early 2001. Sirenia play a mix of gothic metal, symphonic metal, extreme metal and death metal sounds. The vocals are two male, one hard voice, from death metal, and a clean male singer. The female voice is used in moments with melody or chorus. The band uses melodic instrumentals, synthesizers, and distorted guitars with female vocals, and a choir, and violins, for the male voices. Lyrics spoke about human existence, emotion, and mental states.

The band has changed tree female voices, first Fabienne Gondamin for the recording of "At Sixes and Sevens", then Henriette Bordvik with whom the band recorded two albums ("An Elixir For Existence" and plus one EP "Sirenian Shores", and thenMonika Pedersen for recording "Nine Destinies and a Downfall" in 2007.

The lyrics, are written by Morten Veland.







Javier Pérez de Cuéllar

Javier Felipe Ricardo Pérez de Cuéllar y de la Guerra (January 19, 1920March 4, 2020) was a Peruvian diplomat who served as the 5th Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN) from 1982 to 1991. From 2000 to 2001, he served as the 135th prime minister of Peru.

In 1995, he ran unsuccessfully against Alberto Fujimori for President of Peru. He was the president of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister), as well as Minister of Foreign Affairs, between November 2000 and July 2001, during the unstable period following Fujimori's resignation over corruption charges. In 2004, he stepped down from his position as Peru's ambassador to France.

From the death of Kurt Waldheim in 2007 until his own death in 2020, Pérez de Cuéllar was the oldest-living former secretary-general of the UN.

He studied in Colegio San Agustín of Lima, and then at Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú.

Pérez de Cuéllar joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1940 and the diplomatic service in 1944, serving subsequently as Secretary at Peru's embassies in France, where he met and married his first wife (the former Yvette Roberts); the United Kingdom; Bolivia; and Brazil. Later, he was ambassador to Switzerland, the Soviet Union (at the same time in Poland), and Venezuela. From his first marriage, Perez de Cuellar had a son (Francisco, born in Paris) and a daughter (Agueda Cristina, born in London).

He was a junior member of the Peruvian delegation to the General Assembly at its first session, held in London in 1946, and a member of the delegations to the 25th through 30th sessions of the Assembly. In 1971, he was made permanent representative of Peru to the United Nations, and led his country's delegation to all sessions of the Assembly from then until 1975.

In 1973 and 1974, he represented his country in the Security Council, serving as its president at the time of the events in Cyprus in July 1974. On 18 September 1975, he was appointed Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cyprus, a post he held until December 1977, when he rejoined the Peruvian Foreign Service. During his time in Cyprus, Perez de Cuellar married his second wife, the former Marcela Temple Seminario.

On December 31, 1981, Pérez de Cuéllar succeeded Kurt Waldheim as Secretary-General and was re-elected for a second term in October 1986. During his two terms, he led mediations between Britain and Argentina in the aftermath of the Falklands War and promoted the efforts of the Contadora Group to bring peace and stability to Central America. He also interceded in the negotiations for the independence of Namibia, the conflict in Western Sahara between Morocco and the Polisario Front, and the Cyprus issue.

Shortly before the end of his second term, he was unofficially requested by members of the Security Council to run for a third term of two years, to give time for a successor to be found.

Pérez de Cuéllar died in Lima on March 4, 2020, at age 100.


Boutros Boutros-Ghali

Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( ""; 14 November 1922 – 16 February 2016) was an Egyptian politician and diplomat. He was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN) from January 1992 to December 1996.

Boutros-Ghali graduated from Cairo University in 1946. He received a PhD in public international law from the University of Paris. Then he received a diploma in international relations from the Sciences Po in 1949. 

Boutros-Ghali's political career took off during the days of president Anwar El-Sadat. He was a member of the Central Committee of the Arab Socialist Union (1974-77). He was Egypt's Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 1977 until early 1991. He then became Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs for several months before moving to the UN. As Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, he played a part in the peace agreements between Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin.

Elected to the top post of the UN in 1991, Boutros-Ghali's term in office remains controversial. He was criticised for the UN's failure to act during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide, which left about 937,000 people dead, and he appeared unable to muster support in the UN for intervention in the continuing Angolan Civil War. One of the hardest periods for his office during his term was dealing with the crisis of the Yugoslav wars after the disintegration of former Yugoslavia. His reputation thus became entangled in the larger controversies over the effectiveness of the UN and the role of the United States in the UN. For his detractors, he came to symbolise the UN's alleged inaction in the face of humanitarian crises.

In 1996, ten Security Council members, led by African members Egypt, Guinea-Bissau and Botswana, sponsored a resolution backing Boutros-Ghali for a second five-year term, until 2001. However, the United States vetoed a second term for Boutros-Ghali. In addition to the United States, the United Kingdom, Poland, South Korea, and Italy did not sponsor this resolution, although all four of those nations voted in support of Boutros-Ghali after the US had firmly declared its intention to veto. Although not the first vetoed (China vetoed the third term of Kurt Waldheim in 1981), Boutros-Ghali was the first and only UN secretary-general not to be elected to a second term in office. He was succeeded at the UN by Kofi Annan.

US counter-terrorism czar Richard Clarke, Michael Sheehan, and Jamie Rubin participated in what they called "Operation Orient Express." From page 201 of Clarke's book Against All Enemies: "Albright and I and a handful of others (Michael Sheehan, Jamie Rubin) had entered into a pact together in 1996 to oust Boutros-Ghali as Secretary General of the United Nations, a secret plan we had called Operation Orient Express, reflecting our hope that many nations would join us in doing in the UN head. In the end, the US had to do it alone (with its UN veto) and Sheehan and I had to prevent the President from giving in to pressure from world leaders and extending Boutros-Ghali's tenure, often by our racing to the Oval Office when we were alerted that a head of state was telephoning the President. In the end Clinton was impressed that we had managed not only to oust Boutros-Ghali but to have Kofi Annan selected to replace him. (Clinton told Sheehan and me, 'Get me a crow, I should eat a crow, because I said you would never pull it off.')"

From 1997 to 2002 Boutros-Ghali was Secretary-General of La Francophonie, an organisation of French-speaking nations. From 2003 to 2006, he served as the Chairman of the Board of the South Centre, intergovernmental research organisation of developing countries. He was President of the Curatorium Administrative Council at the Hague Academy of International Law. In 2003 Boutros-Ghali was appointed as The Director of the Egyptian National Council of Human Rights.

From April 2007 Boutros-Ghali had supported the Campaign for the Establishment of a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly. He was one of the initial signers of the campaign's appeal. In a message to the campaign, he stressed the necessity to establish democratic participation at the global level.

Boutros-Ghali died on 16 February 2016 at a hospital in Cairo, Egypt after suffering from a broken pelvis. He was 93.

Boutros-Ghali published two memoirs:


José Saramago

José de Sousa Saramago, (pronounced|ʒuˈzɛ sɐɾɐˈmagu; born November 16, 1922; died June 18, 2010) was a Portuguese writer, playwright and journalist.

Saramago was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1998. He lived on Lanzarote in the Canary Islands, Spain.

Saramago was born into a family of landless peasants in Azinhaga, Portugal, a small village in the province of Ribatejo some hundred kilometers north-east of Lisbon.

Saramago married Ilda Reis in 1944. Their only child, Violante, was born in 1947. Since 1988, Saramago has been married to the Spanish journalist Pilar del Río, who is the official translator of his books into Spanish.

José Saramago was in his mid-fifties before he had international success; his novel "Baltasar and Blimunda" brought him an international readership. This novel won the Portuguese PEN Club Award.

Saramago was a member of the Portuguese Communist Party from 1969, until his death as well as an atheist and self-described pessimist. His views have aroused considerable controversy in Portugal, especially after the publication of "The Gospel According to Jesus Christ".

Saramago uses for his works fantastic scenarios. In his 1986 novel, "The Stone Raft", the Iberian Peninsula breaks off from the rest of Europe and sails about the Atlantic Ocean. In his 1995 novel, "Blindness", an entire country is stricken with a mysterious plague called “white blindness”.



Upasni Maharaj

Upasni Maharaj (May 15, 1870 – December 24, 1941) was a Hindu guru who lived in a small village called Sakori in Maharashtra, India. Upasni had been a yogi and after coming to the famous Indian saint Sai Baba of Shirdi, and staying in his care for three years, he is said to have become a sadguru. Upasni is most famous as the guru of Indian spiritual teacher Meher Baba. There are still disciples of Upasni Maharaj today who live in Sakori and take care of his temple there. 

The principal teachings of Upasni Maharaj were:

Finntroll

Finntroll is a folk metal band from Finland. They mix elements of extreme metal with Finnish polka, called "humppa". Finntroll's lyrics are in Swedish, one of Finland's two national languages, because they say "Swedish just sounds damn trollish". Finntroll means "Troll from Finland" or "a spotty troll".

Finntroll was founded in 1997, by Teemus Raimoranta. One year later they recorded their first demo, "Rivfader". After the demo Samu Ruotsalainen (drums),Samuli Ponsimaa (guitar), Henri Sorvali (keyboard) and Sami Uusitalo joined the band. The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album "Midnattens Widunder" was recorded.
In 2001 the album "Jaktens Tid" (English: "The time of the Hunt") was released. As they became more and more popular, Century Media started to promote Finntroll. That summer Finntroll played their first open air festivals in Finland. The year after the release of the album "Jaktens Tid" the band could not go on tour, because their singer had a tumor in his vocal cords. That is why he stopped singing in the band after the album "Visor om Slutet" (English: "Songs about the End"). This album was recorded in January 2003, in a forest cabin near Helsinki. Shortly before the release of "Visor om Slutet" Raimoranta died, because he fell off a bridge in Helsinki. He had drunk too much alcohol. Finntroll went on tour to Europe anyway, together with the band Katatonia. The guitarist Mikael Karlbom replaced Raimoranta. In 2004, the band released an EP, "Trollhammaren" (English: "The Troll Hammer"), and an album called "Nattfödd" (English: "Nightborn").

On January 29th, 2006, Tapio Wilska, vocalist of the band since 2003, left the band.

A new album, called Ur Jordens Djup (English: "From the Depths of the Earth"), was released March, 2007. This album had more epic keyboard riffs to make it sound more like polka.








Crucified Barbara

Crucified Barbara are a Swedish all-female band, formed in Stockholm in 1998.

The currents members on the band are:

Their music can be described as a mix between heavy metal and rock music.

Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band, but they speedily changed their style to heavy metal. They signed in 2003 with GMR music group of Stockholm. Recordings took place in Kristianopel, Sweden at Pama Studios/Blakk Records with producer-engineer Mankan Sedenberg during the spring of 2004. The single, for the debut album In Distortion We Trust, was 'Losing The Game'. It was released on December 8, 2005 and went straight to no. 8 on the Swedish Hitlist. The video was recorded and produced by M Industries. The debut album was released in Sweden on January 19th and is sold with a big interest in United States, United Kingdom and in half Europe.



In 2006 the band worked too in part of the Motörhead tribute album, called "St Valentine's Day Massacre".

In November 2006, they supported Motörhead along with Clutch.


John Mayer

John Clayton Mayer (surname pronunciation: ) (born October 16, 1977) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter. From Connecticut, he went to the Berklee College of Music, before moving to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1998. His first two albums, "Room for Squares" and "Heavier Things", were successful and were made multi-platinum by the RIAA. In 2003, he won a Grammy Award for his song "Your Body Is a Wonderland". In 2005 he started a band called The John Mayer Trio with bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan. In 2006, he released his most successful album, Continuum. In 2008 a live cover he did of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" with Fall Out Boy was released.
He released "Battle Studies" in 2009 and "Born and Raised" in 2012. After "Born and Raised", he had to have throat surgery to fix a growth that forced him to stop singing for a few months. When his throat healed, he recorded and released "Paradise Valley". A few years later, he joined a few surviving members of the Grateful Dead to form Dead and Company. Since 2013, he has released two albums, "The Search for Everything" and "Sob Rock".


Burg Fürsteneck

Burg Fürsteneck is a castle in the middle of Germany between the towns of Fulda and Bad Hersfeld. It belongs to the commune of Eiterfeld. The castle at an altitude of 406 meters on a small plateau.

Burg Fürsteneck belonged to the monastery of Fulda. It was first mentioned in 1309, but it might have been built one or two hundred years before. Since 1802 it became the property of the German state of Hesse. The castle Burg Fürsteneck is preserved completely in a good condition.

Since 1952 Burg Fürsteneck has been an academy for vocational and cultural education. It was rebuilt by the architect Otto Bartning. Each year about 4,000 participants take part in one of more than 175 courses, with 15.000 overnight stays.



Pronunciation

Pronunciation is a way a word is usually spoken. It can be affected by many different factors:


Mispronunciation is an actual mistake in speaking. It is not used for how a speaker of a dialect pronounces a word. Examples occur in many place names and personal names. For instance, Leicester Square is actually pronounced like "Lester Square".


Margate

Margate is a town in Thanet, Kent, Southeast England.

Henry I

Many different people were named Henry I, including


936

936 was a leap year.




Robert I of France

Robert I (15 August 860 – 15 June 923) was the King of West Francia from 922 until his death in 923. He was the younger son of Robert the Strong, count of Anjou, and the brother of Odo of France. Robert I was at the Siege of Paris in 885. Robert had the title of "Dux Francorum". He did not call himself king of West Francia when his brother died in 898. Instead he served the Carolingian king, Charles the Simple and defended northern Francia from the attacks of the Norsemen.

Rudolph of France

Rudolph (also Radulf, Ralph, or Raoul) ("c." 890 – 15 January 936) was the Duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923. He was King of France from July 13, 923 until his death. He married Emma of France, daughter of Robert I of France and Béatrice of Vermandois. The nobles elected him King of France after his father-in-law died.

Louis IV of France

Louis IV (920 – September 10, 954), was king of France from 936 to 954. He was a member of the Carolingian dynasty and was son of Charles III and Eadgifu of England.

Ratchet &amp; Clank (2002 video game)

Ratchet & Clank is a platforming and shooting game for the PlayStation 2. It was made by Insomniac Games and published by Sony. It was released on November 7, 2002 in North America, November 8, 2002 in Europe, and December 3, 2002 in Japan. It is the first game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series.

The game is about the character Ratchet, a made-up animal called a Lombax, and his robot friend Clank. Ratchet and Clank travel around the galaxy to defeat an evil alien named Chairman Drek, who is trying to destroy planets. The player is able to use many weapons and machines to attack enemies and solve puzzles.

In this game, the player plays as Ratchet most of the time, but can play as Clank sometimes. Ratchet can use lots of weapons and gadgets to attack enemies, solve puzzles, and jump over gaps. Clank can control smaller robots called "Gadgebots" who do things for him that Clank can not do on his own. There are lots of different places the player can go to. 

A factory making lots of big robots is seen. One day a small robot is made by accident. He sees a video of an alien leader called Drek. Drek wants to break up lots of planets, and then use the pieces to make a new planet for his people, because his people'sold planet has become too polluted to live in. The video scares the robot, and he gets away in a spaceship, but crashes on a made-up planet called Veldin.

Ratchet is a made-up animal called a Lombax, who lives on Veldin. He wants to leave Veldin in his spaceship, and have adventures. Ratchet finds the small robot and calls him "Clank". Clank wants to stop Drek, and wants Ratchet to help him find a superhero called Captain Qwark, who he thinks will stop Drek. Clank fixes Ratchet's ship, so that Ratchet will help him.

Later on, Ratchet and Clank find Qwark. But Qwark is working for Drek, and he tries to kill Ratchet and Clank. They both get away from Qwark, but Ratchet is angry at Clank. Clank wants to stop Drek, but Ratchet only wants to find Qwark and kill him.

Soon, Ratchet shoots down Qwark's spaceship. After this happens, he sees a video with Drek's army destroying a city. The video makes Ratchet feel bad, and he says sorry to Clank for not helping him to find Drek.

They soon find out that Drek has a weapon called the "Deplanetizer". He is going to destroy Veldin, Ratchet's home, and this makes Ratchet angry. They find Drek, but he tells them he only did he whole thing to get money. People bought parts of his new planet, and Drek has made lots of money. But after the whole planet has been bought, he is going to pollute it. Then he will have to make another new planet, and get lots more money. But Ratchet and Clank kill Drek after a long fight, and use the Deplanetizer to destroy Drek's new planet. This makes lots of rocks fall down to Veldin. Clank gets his arm hurt, and Ratchet asks if he wants it fixed, and they both walk away together.

Snow Patrol

Snow Patrol is an alternative rock band from Scotland and Northern Ireland. They are based in Glasgow and are signed to Polydor Records. Snow Patrol was started as an indie rock band, but began to play more alternative rock and pop songs. The band has released seven albums, "Songs for Polarbears", "Final Straw", "When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up", "Eyes Open", "A Hundred Million Suns", "Fallen Empires" and "Wildness". "Eyes Open" won the award for Best Irish Album at the National Irish Music Awards.

Pollyanna

Pollyanna is a book for children written by Eleanor Hodgman Porter. It was published in 1913.

A girl called Pollyanna is an orphan (her parents are dead). She goes to live with her Aunt Polly (who did not marry) in Beldingsville, Vermont. Pollyanna is happy all the time, and makes other people happy. She plays a game called the "glad game", where you find something to be happy about even when you are sad. Soon, everyone in the town is happy. An accident occurs and Pollyanna is left unable to move her legs. She has to learn to be happy again, and then she gets better because a doctor makes her well again. Aunt Polly and the doctor marry.

Miss Polly Harrington is known around town for being a stern, hard woman who is set in her ways. So it is only a sense of duty that causes her to open her home to Pollyanna, her newly orphaned niece. But Pollyanna is a very special little girl, with a very special game that she teaches to the townspeople. Soon, everyone in town is happier, and glad that Pollyanna came into their lives - everyone, that is, but Aunt Polly. But then a terrible accident threatens to ruin Pollyanna's game forever, and everyone wonders who can teach this little girl to be happy again.

If someone is called "Pollyanna", it means they are always happy like Pollyanna is. The "Pollyanna principle" means people say yes to positive statements (For example, instead of "What do you think of green?", you can say "Don't you agree that green is a nice colour?").

Pollyanna was an irrepressibly, cheerful child. So cheerful that her name survives in any standard American Dictionary. - 'an excessively or blindly optimistic person.'


Middle Chinese

Middle Chinese (), or "Ancient Chinese" as used by linguist Bernhard Karlgren is a name given to an older version of the Chinese language. People spoke it during Southern and Northern Dynasties and the Sui, Tang, and Song dynasties (6th century - 10th century). The term "Middle Chinese", in contrast to Old Chinese and Modern Chinese, is usually used for historical Chinese phonology, which wants to reconstruct the pronunciation of Chinese used during these times.

Middle Chinese can be divided further. There was an early period and a later period. These can be told apart by the pronunciation of certain sounds that changed. 

Uyghur people

The Uyghurs (wee-ger; 维吾尔人) are a Turkic people living mainly in Xinjiang, a province located in the far northwest of China. Over 11 million Uyghurs live there, far more than any other part of the world. 

Many Uyghurs also live in Beijing, Shanghai and Taoyuan County (Hunan, South-Central China). There are Uyghur diasporic communities in Turkey, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan and Mongolia. However, the vast majority of Uyghurs live in their native homeland Xinjiang. 

Some Uyghurs seek independence from China.

Uyghurs are mainly Muslim and speak Uyghur, a Turkic language. The Uyghur alphabet is based on the Arabic alphabet.

Most Uyghurs were originally from the ancient Karluk tribes of the Kara-Khanid Khanate and immigrated to what is now Xinjiang during the 8th or 9th centuries AD. Modern Uyghurs identify with the Karakhanids even though the name Uyghur was taken from the Manichaean Uyghur Khaganate and the Buddhist state of Qocho.

At a conference in Tashkent in 1921, representatives of the New Uyghur-speaking population of West Turkestan, whose language does not go back directly to the Old Uyghur of Mongolia, or only to a small extent, adopted the name "Uyghurs" for themselves.


Chopstick rest

A is a piece of tableware. It is used to keep chopsticks away from the table and also to prevent used chopsticks from coming in contact with or rolling off tables. Chopstick rests are made in various shapes from clay, wood, glass, or precious stone such as jade. Some people prepare them from bags of half-split disposable chopsticks in origami manner. 

In Japan, chopstick rests are usually used at formal dinners and placed on the front-left side of the dishes. The chopsticks are placed parallel to the table edge with the points toward the left.



Grindelwald

Grindelwald is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is at the base of the railway to the Jungfraujoch. 


Solvation

Solvation, commonly called dissolution, is the process of attraction and association of molecules of a solvent with molecules or ions of a solute. If the molecules or ions of the solute are more strongly attracted to the molecules of the solvent than to each other, solvation can occur. 

The solvation is the action of dissolving the mix to form the solution.



Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz

The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a duchy in northern Germany, it was about the same as the modern rural district of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. The duchy also had three exclaves near the town of Fürstenberg and the area around Ratzeburg in modern Schleswig-Holstein.

The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was set up in 1701. The capital was Neustrelitz. In 1808, the duchy joined the Confederation of the Rhine. The Congress of Vienna made it a grand duchy and member of the German Confederation. Mecklenburg-Strelitz joined the North German Confederation in 1867, and became a part of the German Empire in 1871. On January 1, 1934 it was joined with the neighbouring state of Mecklenburg-Schwerin to form the State of Mecklenburg (today part of the federal state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania).

The US county Mecklenburg (Charlotte, North Carolina) is named after Mecklenburg-Strelitz and Strelitz-born Princess Charlotte (queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom). The flower "Strelitzia" ("Bird of Paradise") also is in honor of her home country. Queen Luise of Prussia also was a born princess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.




771

771 was a common year.



Household Cavalry

The British Household Cavalry, is an army corps (pronounced "core") of two regiments of soldiers. Cavalry regiments, until the end of World War I, were always "mounted" on horses. Nowadays "cavalry regiments" are mounted on tanks. The British Household Cavalry is unusual because half of them are also still mounted on horses. The two Regiments of Household Cavalry, the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment, which parades with horses and the Household Cavalry Regiment, which has light armoured vehicles, are manned by equal numbers of soldiers from The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals both of which are part of the "Household Division". In Britain the "Household Division" has the special privilege of guarding the Sovereign and the Royal Household. The term "Household Division" is used in all Commonwealth countries.

In many other countries there are similar highly trained army corps which guard the head of state and have ceremonial duties as well as operational military roles. Regiments of this sort can be found in Australia, Brunei, Belgium, Canada, Denmark and many other countries. But when speaking in English of the "Household Cavalry", the term generally refers to the "British Household Cavalry".
In Britain there are seven regiments in the Household Division. They are generally referred to as "The Guards". Five of the Guards regiments are "infantry", which means that they are "foot soldiers" and are Foot Guards, and the senior two regiments are "cavalry" meaning they are first and foremost armoured soldiers who also have a ceremonial role "mounted" on horses for ceremonial duty.

The British Household Cavalry is made of two regiments: The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals. They are the senior regular regiments in the British Army, with traditions dating from 1660. The "Horse Guards", (as they are known, for short), have their barracks in Hyde Park Barracks in Knightsbridge in London and perform their principal duty of forming daily The Queen's Life Guard at a building in London which was formerly the headquarters of the British Army. There are always mounted guards on duty ouside the "Horse Guards" building in front of which lies the famous Horse Guards Parade where The Queen's Birthday Parade takes place. There, the daily ceremony of the "Changing of The Queen's Life Guard" takes place. (This is a different Changing of the Guard to the one at Buckingham Palace.)
The Colonel-in-Chief of both Regiments of Household Cavalry is Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The Colonel of The Life Guards is General Lord Guthrie of Craigiebank GCB, LVO, OBE. The Colonel of The Blues and Royals is Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal KG, KT, GCVO, QSO. 

The motto of both regiments is "Honi Soit Qui Mal Y Pense" (Shame on him who thinks evil of it).

As military regiments, The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals have served in these places:

The ceremonial uniform of the Household Cavalry has two features that are not often seen on other soldiers. They wear a shiny Silver helmet With Brass and Silver fittings, with a long "plume" of horse hair hanging from the top. When on "mounted guard" duty they also wear a "cuirasse" (metal chest armour). The two regiments can be told apart by the colour of their jacket (which is called a "tunic") and by the "plumes" on their helmets. The Life Guards wear red tunics with white plumes while The Blues and Royals wear blue tunics and have red plumes to their helmets. While on guard, the soldiers carry swords. When mounted on horses, the soldiers wear white riding-breeches, known as buckskins, and tall black winged leather boots, which are called jack boots, having been "jacked" or reinforced against sword blows (Fr. Jaque: chainmail).

The "farrier" assists the Regimental Veterinary Officer in of taking care of the horses. When the farrier is mounted on parade, he carries the traditional symbol of an axe. In battle, one of the farrier's jobs was to kill horses that were badly injured. They also had to cut off one of the hooves so that there was proof of the horse's death so that a new one could be purchased. The horses are all black three quareter bred Irish draught horses except for the trumpeters' horses, which are grey, and the drumhorses which are large draught horses. They are almost invariably coloured horses, Shires or Clydesdales and are "piebald" (black and white), "skewbald" (brown and white) or roan. The drumhorses each carry two solid silver kettle drums on parade.

The trumpeter, whose job is to relay messages by trumpet, can be told apart because he does not wear a cuirrass, and has a grey (white) horse. On "State occasions" when The Queen or another member of the Royal Family is present, the bands of The Household Cavalry wear gold coats designed at the time of King Charles II made of gold braid and dark blue velvet jockey hats. Each regiment has its own Quick March and Slow March. They both use a Scottish tune the "Keel Row" for a ceremonial "trot past".

The Household Cavalry Regiment is an armoured reconnaissance regiment based in Windsor. Most Household Cavalry soldiers begin their careers on mounted duty before being posted, normally after about two years at ceremonial duty, to the reconnaissance regiment, which has Scimitar light tanks (however these are soon to be replaced by AJAK light tanks with the first squadron having already arrived), where they are trained in driving, gunnery ands signals. This regiment has deployed more than almost any other in the British Army to operations in Bosnia, Kosovo, Iraq and Afghanistan. Gallantry medals awarded to soldiers of the Household Cavalry since 2003 include: a George Cross (GC) to Trooper Christopher Finney of The Blues and Royals, a Conspicuous Gallantry Cross (CGC) and a Military Cross (MC) to Staff Corporal Michael Flynn of The Blues and Royals (making him the most decorated serviceman in the British Army), a CGC to Lance Corporal of Horse Andrew Radford, a Distinguished Service Order to Major Richard Taylor of The Life Guards, and MCs to Captain Paddy Williams of The Blues and Royals and to Staff Corporal Shaun Fry of The Life Guards. All these were awarded on operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.


Pica (disorder)

Pica ( ) is an eating disorder where a person wants to eat things that are not normal to eat, for example nails, rocks or feces. A person with pica may also have a strong want to eat unusual things that are normally considered food but not in the normal way, for example, uncooked potatoes, flour or starch. It is common in small children.

Camillo Berneri

Camillo Berneri (also known as Camillo da Lodi; 1877, Lodi–May 5 1937, Barcelona) was an Italian professor of philosophy, anarchist militant, propagandist and theorist.

Berneri, a World War I veteran, University of Florence professor of humanities, and a member of the Unione Anarchica Italiana, fought always Fascists, and he started to fight fascism until 1926, when he was forced to escape from Italy and he went in France, then Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, and finally the Netherlands. In all these countries, Berneri was frequently placed under arrest, and then often expelled, because he was an anarchist. When he was in these countries he wrote lot of anti-clerical and anti-fascist articles.

With Carlo Rosselli, Berneri organized the first troop (column) of Italian volunteers to fight in the Spanish Civil War against Francisco Franco. After months he became highly critical of the involvement of Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT) members in the Popular Front government, and he sent a letter to Federica Montseny (Anarchist minister for Health in the government against fascism).

During the Barcelona May Days, as troop of Communist Party of Spain members (apparently under orders from Joseph Stalin) searched and then murdered him. His body, riddled with bullets, was found during the night, near the headquarters of the Generalitat de Catalunya.

He was married to Giovanna Berneri and was father of Marie-Louise Berneri and Giliane Berneri. The children were anarchists like their father Camillo.



Scenario

In context with theatre and movies a scenario (from Italian, "that which is pinned to the scenery") is a description of an event or series of actions and events. In the "Commedia dell'arte" it was an outline of entrances, exits, and action describing the story of a play that was literally pinned to the back of the scenery. 

Surviving scenari from the Renaissance contain little other than character names, brief descriptions of action, and references to specific lazzi with no further explanation. It is believed that a scenario forms the basis of a fully improvisational performance though it is also likely that they were simple reminders of the plot for those members of the cast who were literate. 

In the creation of an opera or ballet, a scenario is often developed initially to indicate how the original source, if any, is to be adapted. This sketch can be helpful in "pitching" the idea to a prospective producer, director, or composer.

Scenarios are also used in policy planning, and when trying out strategies against uncertain future developments. Here the key idea is for the scenario to be an overview, a summary, of a projected course of action, events or situations. Scenarios are widely used by organizations of all types to understand different ways that future events might unfold.

Scenario (disambiguation)

Scenario may refer to:

Wu Cheng'en

Wu Cheng'en (, ca. 1500–1582), courtesy name Ruzhong (汝忠), was a Chinese novelist and poet of the Ming Dynasty. He was born in "Huainan, Jiangsu". He studied in ancient Nanjing University for more than 10 years. 

His most famous novel is "Journey to the West" in which a monk encounters the "Flaming Mountains". The novel has been enjoyed by many generations of Chinese and is the most popular Chinese classic folk novel. The most famous English translation of the novel is by Arthur Waley and entitled "Monkey".



Nanjing

Nanjing is a city in eastern China. 

The Mandarin Chinese name of the city is ', which means "The Southern Capital". It got this name when the Yongle Emperor of the Ming family of rulers moved most of his government to Beijing ("The Northern Capital") in the early 1400s. In Chinese, Nanjing's name is written . Today, people spell it "Nanjing" because they use the pinyin way of spelling. Pinyin tries to show how the word should sound in Mandarin. People also used to write it , using Mr.Wade and Mr.Giles's way of spelling, and "Nanking", using the Chinese Postal Map's way.


Nanjing Municipality is divided into 11 districts.




Nanjing currently has 18 sister cities (areas), namely: 


Arthur Waley

Arthur David Waley (August 19, 1889 – June 27, 1966) was a famous English Orientalist and Sinologist.

Waley was born in Tunbridge Wells, Kent England, as Arthur David Schloss. He changed his surname to the maiden name of his grandmother, Waley, in 1914, because he was a Jew. He was appointed Assistant Keeper of Oriental Prints and Manuscripts at the British Museum in 1913. During this time he taught himself Chinese and Japanese. In 1929 he left to concentrate himself fully to his literary and cultural interests.




Oriental studies

Oriental studies include Near Eastern and Far Eastern societies and cultures, languages, and peoples and their histories; in recent years the term Asian studies has mostly replaced the older term. European study of the region had primarily religious origins, which has remained an important motivation until recent times. 


Lev Chernyi

Lev Chernyi (18??-1921) was a Russian anarchist poet who was imprisoned in Siberia under the Russian Czarist regime for his revolutionary activities. 

In 1907, he published a book entitled "Associational Anarchism", in which he speak about the "free association of independent individuals.". Chernyi was greatly influenced by individualist-anarchist Max Stirner.

On his return from Siberia in 1917 he enjoyed great popularity among Moscow workers. He was also Secretary of the Moscow Federation of Anarchist Groups, which was formed in March, 1917. 

In the spring of 1918, in reaction to the growing repression of all opposition and free expression, the anarchist groups within the Moscow Federation formed armed gangs, the Black Guards, and Lev Chernyi played an active part in these. 

On the night of April 11, 1918 the Cheka, the secret police, attacked the building of the Moscow Federation, and the Black Guards offered armed resistance. About forty anarchists were killed or striked and about five hundred were imprisoned. 

In 1919 Chernyi joined a group called the Underground Anarchists, who published two numbers of a broadsheet which denounced the Communist dictatorship as the biggest tyranny in human history. On September 25, 1919, a little group of social revolutionaries and anarchists bombed the headquarters of the "Moscow Committee" of the Communist Party in protest at the growing repression. Twelve Communists were killed and forty-five others were mutilated. 

August, 1921, the Moscow "Izvestia" published an official report announcing that ten "anarchist bandits" had been shot without hearing or trial. Among the dead was Lev Chernyi although Paul Avrich indicates in two of his books on the Russian anarchists that Chernyi was executed in September of that year, not August. Although he was not involved in the bombing of the Moscow Communist headquarters, he was, because of his association with the Underground Anarchists, a likely candidate for a frame-up. The Communists refused to turn over his body to his family for burial, and there were persistent rumors that he had in fact died of torture.

Luigi Fabbri

Luigi Fabbri (23 December 1877 – 24 June 1935) was an Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I. He was the father of Luce Fabbri.

Born in Fabriano (Ancona), Italy in 1877, Fabbri was first sentenced for anarchist activities at the age of 16 in Ancona, and spent many years in and out of Italian prisons. Fabbri was a long time supporter of to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America, including co-editing, with Errico Malatesta, the paper "L'Agitazione". He helped edit the paper "Università popolare" in Milan.Fabbri was a delegate to the International Anarchist Congress held in Amsterdam in 1907. He died in Montevideo, Uruguay in 1935.



Francisco Ferrer y Guardia

Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia (; 14 January 1859 – 13 October 1909) commonly known as Francisco Ferrer, was a Spanish Catalan "free-thinker" and anarchist.

He was born in Alella (a small town near Barcelona). A supporter of Spanish republican leader Ruiz Zorilla, Ferrer was exiled to Paris with his wife and children in 1885. Divorcing his first wife in 1899, he remarried a rich Parisian teacher some time after.

In 1901 he returned to Spain and opened la Escuela Moderna ("The Modern School") to teach middle-class children (then) radical social values, the school was free. In 1906 he was arrested and accused of helping with Mateu Morral's attack on King Alphonso XIII and released a year later. His school failed and closed while he was incarcerated.

Early in the summer of 1908, after his release from jail, he wrote the story of the Modern School. The book was called "The Origins and Ideals of the Modern School" and was translated into English by Joseph McCabe and published by the Knickerbocker Press in 1913.

When the martial law was reused in 1909 during the Tragic Week, he was arrested, convicted without any proof and executed by firing squad at Montjuich Fortress in Barcelona on 13 October.

After his execution, numerous supporters of Ferrer's ideas in the United States formed what were called Modern Schools, or Ferrer Schools. The first and most important Modern School was formed in New York City in 1911, and then later a community was founded around a school, known as Ferrer Colony and Modern School.


Gaetano Bresci

Gaetano Bresci (November 10, 1869 - May 22, 1901) was an Italian American anarchist who killed Italian King Umberto I. He is still considered a hero by many anarchists and republicans.

Bresci was born in Tuscany, later emigrating from Italy to the United States, spending much time living in Paterson, New Jersey, where there was a large Italian-American community. He was one of the founders of "La Questione Sociale", the Italian language anarchist paper published in Paterson. 

In 1898, high bread prices led to demonstrations over much of Italy. In Milan, an unarmed group of workers, women, and children marched together in protest, near the palace, which was surrounded by a strong military force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris. The people ignored an order to stop, so the General gave the signal to fire on them with rifles and cannons, resulting in a massacre of innocent people. Ninety people died, one of whom was Bresci's sister.

King Humbert later decorated Bava-Beccaris, and the king after said thanks to him,for "the defense of the royal house", the king did not do anything for the innocent people died, he decorated the murtder, this is the reason that made Bresci determined to kill the king.Bresci had his loan to the paper returned (without telling his comrades why), and with the money he went to Italy. In Monza, where the king was visiting on July 29, 1900, he shot him three times.

Bresci was captured and put on trial, where he was defended by the anarchist lawyer Francesco Saverio Merlino. He was sentenced in Milan on August 29, 1900, to life imprisonment on the jail of Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene, where lot of other anarchists had also been sent over the years. Less than a year later he was found dead in prison. It is not clear whether he committed suicide, as officially announced, or whether he was murdered by his guards.


Songs for Polarbears

Songs for Polarbears is the debut album by the alternative rock group Snow Patrol. It was released on August 31, 1998. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and helped Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn write the music. The name of the album is a reference to how Snow Patrol was once called 'Polar Bear', but changed their name.

"Songs for Polarbears" was re-released in 2006.



San José de Ocoa

The Dominican city of San José de Ocoa is the head municipality of the San José de Ocoa province, on the southern part of the country and close to the Ocoa river.

"Ocoa" is the name of the river that crosses the province; it is a Taíno word that means "a place with many mountains".

The old name of the town was "El Maniel".

The city had, in , a total population of 25,710: 12,819 men and 12,891 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San José de Ocoa has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of San José de Ocoa. The city is an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

San José de Ocoa is on the southern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range"). The city is along the Ocoa river.

The municipality of San José de Ocoa has the Azua province to the west, the Peravia province to the south, the municipality of Sabana Larga to the north, the municipality of Rancho Arriba to the northwest and the San Cristóbal province to the west.

San José de Ocoa has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

San José de Ocoa is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of San José de Ocoa has four municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming; the main products are coffee, beans and potato. Other vegetable, as cabbage and carrot are also grown as well as some tropical fruits (avocado and mango).

Starfighter Pilot

Starfighter Pilot was the debut, or first, EP from the alternative rock band Snow Patrol, and was finished in 1997. It was released on the Electric Honey record label. The song "Starfighter Pilot" was also put on the band's first full-length album, "Songs for Polarbears".


When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up

When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up is the second full-length album by the Alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released on March 5 2001. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and wrote the music with Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn.

When the album first was released, it was not bought enough to get its name onto the top 200 albums chart. After the next album, "Final Straw", became popular, people began buying "When It's All Over We Still Have To Clear Up", and it went onto the chart.



Final Straw

Final Straw is the third full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released in the United Kingdom in 2003 and in the United States in 2004, under Polydor Records. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and wrote the music with Nathan Connolly, Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn. The album was the first by Snow Patrol to become popular outside Northern Ireland and Scotland. "Final Straw" was re-released in the UK in 2004 with two extra tracks, and then was able to be bought in the U.S. without the bonus tracks. 



Live and Acoustic at Park Ave.

Live and Acoustic at Park Ave. is the second EP by alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released in 2005. All of the songs are played live and are taken from one performance. 


Eyes Open

Eyes Open is the fourth full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released May 1, 2006 internationally, and May 9, 2006 in the United States. The "Special Edition" of the album has a bonus DVD with music videos of "You're All I Have". "Eyes Open" was the best-selling album in the UK in 2006, and sold more than one and a half million copies.

The album reached #1 in its 11th week on the New Zealand chart and reached 2x Platinum there for shipping over 30,000 units. In the UK, the album became 5x Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry. It has also reached #1 in the ARIA Albums Chart, and became 3x Platinum on January 8, 2007 (210,000+ units shipped). On November 26, 2006, it became the best-selling album of the year in the UK.


The untitled track is a recording of background noise and one of Jacknife Lee's young children talking.


Epimetheus

Epimetheus is a titan in Greek mythology, and is the brother of Prometheus, a Greek titan who gave all of the creatures something to protect themselves from the elements. By the time he came to the humans, he had run out of feathers and fur to give. He went to his brother, and he gave humans fire.

Epimetheus literally means "thinks after" and Prometheus means "thinks before".


Wrestling

Wrestling is a competition in which two people try to pin the other person to the ground during matches. The people who wrestle are called wrestlers. Striking is not allowed in wrestling. Wrestlers use throws, takedowns, and trips to get their opponents down to the ground. On the ground, they use holds and pins to control their opponent. Wrestling is a popular and effective base for fighters in mixed martial arts competitions.

Western styles of wrestling:

International folk wrestling styles:


Diode

A diode is an electronic component with two electrodes (connectors) that allows electricity to go through it in one direction and not the other direction.

Diodes can be used to turn alternating current into direct current (Diode bridge). They are used in power supplies and sometimes to decode amplitude modulation radio signals (like in a crystal radio). Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) are a type of diode that produce light.

Today, the most common diodes are made from semiconductor materials such as silicon or sometimes germanium.

The first types of diodes were called Fleming valves. They were vacuum tubes. They were inside a glass tube (much like a lightbulb). Inside the glass bulb there was a small metal wire and a large metal plate. The small metal wire would heat up and emit electricity, which was captured by the plate. The large metal plate was not heated, so electricity could go in one direction through the tube but not in the other direction. Fleming valves are not used much anymore because they have been replaced by semiconductor diodes, which are smaller than Fleming valves. Thomas Edison also discovered this property when working on his light bulbs.

Semiconductor diodes are made of two types of semiconductors connected to each other. One type has atoms with extra electrons (called the n-side). The other type has atoms that want electrons (called the p-side). Because of this, the electricity will flow easily from the side with too many electrons to the side with too few. However, electricity will not flow easily in the reverse direction. These different types are made by doping (semiconductor). Silicon with arsenic dissolved in it makes a good n-side semiconductor, while silicon with aluminum dissolved in it makes a good p-side semiconductor. Other chemicals can also work.

The connector to the n-side is called the cathode, the connector to the p-side is called the anode.

If you give positive voltage to the p-side and negative voltage to the n-side, the electrons in the n-side will want to go to the positive voltage at the p-side and the holes of the p-side will want to go to the negative voltage at the n-side. Because of this, current flow is able to exist, but it takes a certain amount of voltage to get this started (very small amount of voltage is not enough to get the electric current to flow). This is called the cut-in voltage. The cut-in voltage of a silicon diode is at about 0.7 V. A germanium diode needs a cut-in voltage at about 0.3 V.

If you instead give negative voltage to the p-side and positive voltage to the n-side, the electrons of the n-side want to go to the positive voltage source instead of the other side of the diode. Same thing happens on the p-side. So, current will not flow between the two sides of the diode. Increasing the voltage will eventually force electric current to flow (this is the break-down voltage). Many diodes will be destroyed by a reverse flow but some are made that can survive it.

When the temperature increases, the cut-in voltage goes down. This makes it easier for electricity to pass through the diode.

There are many types of diodes. Some have very specific uses and some have a variety of uses.

Here are some common semiconductor diode symbols used in schematic diagrams:
This changes A/C (alternating current, like in a wall plug in a house) to D/C (direct current, used in electronics). The standard rectifier diode has specific requirements. It should handle high current, not be much affected by temperature, have a low cut-in voltage and support quick changes in the direction of current flow. Modern analog and digital electronics use such rectifiers.

An LED produces light when electricity flows through it. It is a longer lasting and more efficient way of creating light than incandescent light bulbs. Depending on how it was made, the LED can make different colors. LEDs were first used in the 1970's. The light-emitting diode may eventually replace the light bulb as developing technology makes it brighter and cheaper (it is already more efficient and lasts longer). In the 1970's the LEDs were used to show numbers in appliances such as calculators, and as a way to show the power was on for larger appliances.

A photodiode is a photo detector (the opposite of a light-emitting diode). It responds to light that comes in. Photodiodes have a window or optical fiber connection, which lets light in to the sensitive part of the diode. Diodes usually have strong resistance; the light reduces the resistance.

A zener diode is like a normal diode, but instead of being destroyed by a big reverse voltage, it lets electricity through. The voltage needed for this is called the breakdown voltage or Zener voltage. Because it is built with a known breakdown voltage it can be used to supply a known voltage.

The varicap or varactor diode is used in many appliances. It uses the region between the p-side and n-side of the diode where electrons and holes balance each other. This is called the depletion zone. By changing the amount of reverse voltage, the size of the depletion zone changes. There is some capacitance in this area, and it changes based on the size of the depletion zone. This is called variable capacitance, or varicap for short. It is used in PLLs (Phase-locked loops) which are used to control the high-speed frequency a chip runs at.

The symbol is the symbol of a diode with a kind of snag. It is used in circuits with high frequencies up to GHz. It turns off very quickly when the forward voltage stops. It uses the current that flows after the polarity was reversed to do this.

The construction of this diode has an intrinsic (normal) layer between the n- and the p-sides. At slower frequencies, it acts much like a standard diode. But at high speeds it can not keep up with fast changes and starts to act like a resistor. The intrinsic layer also lets it handle high power inputs, and can be used as a photodiode.

The symbol of this is the diode symbol, with an ‘S’ at the peak. Instead of both sides being a semiconductor (like silicon), one side is metal, like aluminum or nickel. This reduces the cut-in voltage to about 0.3 volt. This is about half of the threshold voltage of a usual diode.
The function of this diode is that no minority carriers are injected - the n-side only has holes, not electrons, and the p-side only has electrons, not holes. Because this is cleaner, it can react faster, without diffusion capacitance that can slow it down. It also creates less heat and is more efficient. But it does has some current leakage with reverse voltage.

When a diode switches from moving current to not moving current, this is known as switching. It takes dozens of nanoseconds in a typical diode; this creates some radio noise, which temporarily degrades radio signals. The Schottky diode switches in a small fraction of that time, less than a nanosecond.

In the symbol of the tunnel diode there is a kind of additional square bracket at the end of the usual symbol.
A tunnel diode consists of a highly doped pn-junction. Because of this high doping, there is only a very narrow gap where the electrons are able to pass through. This tunnel-effect appears in both directions.
After a certain quantity of electrons have passed, the current through the gap decreases, until the normal current through the diode at the threshold voltage begins. This causes an area of a negative resistance.
These diodes are used to deal with really high frequencies (100 GHz). It is also resistant to radiation, so they are used in spacecraft. They are also used in microwaves and refrigerators.

The symbol has at the end of the diode a sign that looks like a big I. It is made similar to the tunnel diode, but the n- and the p-layer are not doped as high. It allows current to flow backwards with small negative voltages. It can be used to rectify low voltages (less than 0.7 volts).

Instead of two layers like a normal diode, this has four layers, it is basically two diodes put together, with a gate in the middle. When voltage goes between the gate and the cathode the lower transistor will turn on. This lets the current go through, which activates the upper transistor, and then the current will not need to be turned on by a gate voltage.


Power trio

The power trio is a popular type of a rock and roll band format since the 1960s. The usual power trio has three people playing the guitar, bass, and drums. It does not include the rhythm guitar or keyboard often included in other rock music. In more recent years, the term has come to mean any type of a three-person band.


Ratchet &amp; Clank: Going Commando

Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando (Ratchet & Clank 2: Locked and Loaded in Europe, Australia and New Zealand) is a 3D platform/shooter for the PlayStation 2. It was developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony in 2003. It is the second game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series. The words "Going Commando" are a phrase, or set of words, for wearing pants with no underwear.

Similar to "Ratchet & Clank", "Going Commando" got high review scores, and has a 92% on Game Rankings, and a 90% from Metacritic. IGN gave the game a score of 9.4/10, and Gamestats gave it a 9.1/10. Game Informer magazine called it Game of the Month when it was released. "Going Commando" was given a 4/5 from Gamespy and a 5/5 from X-Play. 


Gillian Welch

Gillian Howard Welch (born October 2, 1967 in New York City) is an American singer-songwriter. Her musical style combines bluegrass, country, and folk into a style she calls "American Primitive".


David Rawlings

David Todd Rawlings is a United States guitarist. He is best known as the musical partner of bluegrass singer-songwriter Gillian Welch. Rawlings has also been a record producer, producing albums such as those by Welch and other artists like Old Crow Medicine Show.

Meitnerium

Meitnerium is a chemical element in the periodic table. Its atomic number is 109. It is not found on earth naturally. Because of this, it needs to be made in a science laboratory. Its half life, or the amount of time it takes for half of the element to go away is a little over one second. Meitnerium was first made in 1982. 
The element is named in honor of Lise Meitner (1878-1968).

The two letter abbreviation is "Mt" and is a solid. Nobody knows for sure what meitnerium looks like, but scientists think it is a white, gray, or silver color.


4-1-1

4-1-1 is a telephone number in the United States and Canada. 411 is called to get help or information on something, for example what the address of a building is, or the telephone number of a company.

The Convent (Gibraltar)

The Convent has been the home of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728. The building is located near the southern end of Main Street. It is said to be haunted by the ghost of a nun.

Pomp and Circumstance Marches

The "Pomp and Circumstance Marches" are a group of five marches for orchestra composed by Sir Edward Elgar. Their full title is: "Pomp and Circumstance Military Marches"). Elgar started to write a sixth march, but never finished it.

The first of the marches is especially famous and has a tune which is one of the best known tunes in Britain. It is often sung to the words " Land of Hope and Glory".

The title “Pomp and Circumstance”is taken from Act III, Scene iii of Shakespeare's "Othello":

<poem>Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump,
The spirit-stirring drum, th'ear-piercing fife, 
The royal banner, and all quality,
Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!"</poem>

The "Pomp and Circumstance" marches are

The first five were all published by Boosey & Co. as Elgar's Op. 39. Elgar dedicated each march to one of his musical friends.

Each march takes about five minutes to play.

" March No. 1 in D " is the best known of the set. It was completed, together with March No. 2, in 1901, soon after the first performance of his “Dream of Gerontius” which had been badly performed. Elgar dedicated it to Alfred Rodewald who conducted its first performance with the Liverpool Orchestra Society on 19 October 1901. Both marches were played two days later at a Promenade Concert in the Queen's Hall London, conducted by Henry Wood. Elgar knew that the audience would love the big tune in the middle of March No. 1, so that march was played second. Henry Wood tells in his autobiography that “the people simply rose and yelled. I had to play it again – with the same result; in fact, they refused to let me get on with the programme….merely to restore order, I played the march a third time.” 

The next year King Edward VII was due to be crowned in June. The King liked the big tune, and wanted it performed with words at the coronation. So Elgar used it at the end of his "Coronation Ode" with words by A.C. Benson. The coronation did not take place because the king became ill just before the big day. "Land of Hope and Glory" was sung in June 1902 by Clara Butt, and the whole Ode was performed in Sheffield four months later.

In Britain "Land of Hope and Glory" is sung every year at the Last Night of the Proms in the Royal Albert Hall as part of the Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1.

The words are:

In the United States the tune is sometimes known as "Pomp and Circumstance" or as "The Graduation March", and is played as the processional tune at high school and college graduation ceremonies.

" March No. 2 in A minor " was dedicated to the composer Granville Bantock". It was first performed at the same concert as March No. 1. It the shortest and simplest of the marches.

" March No. 3 in C minor " was finished in November 1904 and published in 1905. It was dedicated to Ivor Atkins". It was first performed on 8 March 1905, in the Queen's Hall, London, conducted by the composer. It sounds quite serious at first, then it becomes very energetic.

" March No. 4 in G " is very grand, like No. 1. Again there is a big tune in the middle. It was dedicated to Dr. G. Robertson Sinclair, the organist of Hereford Cathedral. It was first performed on 24 August 1907, in the Queen's Hall, London, conducted by Elgar himself.

" March No. 5 in C ", composed in 1930, was dedicated to Percy Hull, a friend from Hereford. It has some brilliant orchestral effects.

" March No. 6 in G minor " was started, but when Elgar died there were only sketches left. The musician Anthony Payne recently discovered some more sketches for it in the library of the Royal School of Church Music. He finished composing in the way that Elgar might have done, and the work was first performed on 2 August 2006 with Andrew Davis conducting the BBC Symphony Orchestra at The Proms at Royal Albert Hall.


704 Interamnia

704 Interamnia is a very big asteroid. Scientists think it is 350 kilometers wide. Its mean distance from the Sun is 3.067 (AU). It was found on October 2, 1910 by Vincenzo Cerulli. It is named after the Latin name for Teramo, Italy, which is where Cerulli worked. It is the fifth heaviest asteroid after Ceres, Vesta, Pallas and Hygiea, and scientists think that it makes up 2.0% of the mass of the whole asteroid belt.

Although the biggest asteroid apart from the "big four", Interamnia is not studied a lot. 
It is easily the biggest of the F-type asteroids, but there are few details of what the inside is made of or shape and no lightcurve analysis has been done to find out the ecliptic coordinates of Interamnia's poles (and its axial tilt). Its apparently high bulk density (though subject to much error) suggests a very solid body entirely without internal porosity or traces of water. This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is big enough to have withstood all the collisions that have happened in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was made.

Its very dark surface and fairly far distance from the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars. At most oppositions its magnitude is around +11.0, which is less than the "minimum" brightness of Vesta, Ceres or Pallas. Even at a near-perihelion opposition its magnitude is only around +9.9, which is over four magnitudes lower than Vesta.

Its orbit is a more eccentric than Hygiea (15% versus 12%) but is different because Hygiea's orbit is much more inclined and takes less time to complete one orbit. Another difference is that Interamnia's perihelion is at the other side of the perihelia of the "big four", so that Interamnia at perihelion is actually closer to the Sun than Ceres and Pallas are at the same longitude. It is unlikely to collide with Pallas because their nodes are located too far apart. Although its nodes are located on the opposite side from those of Ceres, it is generally far from Ceres when both cross the same orbital plane and a collision is again unlikely.


River Ocoa

The River Ocoa is a river in the southern side of the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic. It is long. It flows through mountains except near its end in the Caribbean Sea.

Ocoa is a Taíno word that means "a place with mountains". "Coa" meant "place" and "o" meant, in some cases, "mountain".

The source of the Ocoa is at the La Chorreosa mountain (also known as La Chorriosa), on the eastern side of Valle Nuevo (Cordillera Central). It flows through the San José de Ocoa province. After that, it forms part of the limits between the Azua and Peravia provinces.

It ends at the eastern side of Ocoa Bay, on the Caribbean Sea.

The city of San José de Ocoa is the most important city near the river. Other towns are Las Carreras, Sabana Buey and Villa Fundación, in the Peravia province, and Palmar de Ocoa in the Azua province, near its mouth. The water of the river is used for irrigation in those towns. It is not used for the houses because it has too much solid materials because mountains have very few trees.

The most important tributaries are Banilejo, Canal and Arroyo Parra, all in the higher part of the river. There is not any important tributary in the lower part.

In the 16th century, sugar cane was grown near the mouth of the river to produce sugar.

In April 1849, there was an important battle (the "Battle of Las Carreras") here during the Dominican-Haitian War. The fight was on the western side of the river in Las Carreras, a place at about from the mouth. The Dominican army won the battle against the Haitian army.

Louise Michel

Louise Michel (1830-1905) was a French anarchist, school teacher and medical worker. She sometimes used the pseudonym "Clémence" and was also known as "the red virgin of Montmartre".

Louise Michel was born at the Château of Vroncourt (Haute-Marne) on 29 May 1830, the daughter of Marianne Michel, and of Etienne Charles Demahis. She was brought up by her father's parents, and received a libertaria education. After her grandfather's death in 1850 she was trained to teach, but after few times she saw that Napoleon III prevented her from serving in a state school. She became violently anti-Bonapartist, and is said to have thought about the assassination of Napoleon III. She became anarchist in 1866 to a school in the Montmartre quarter of Paris, where she saw that his destiny was to work for charity and follow the revolution.

She was active during the Paris Commune as an ambulance woman, she helped mutilated or injured on the barricades. During the Siege of Paris she was in resistance against the Prussians. On the establishment of the Commune, she joined the National Guard. She offered to shoot Thiers, and suggested the destruction of Paris for its surrender.

She was with the Communards who made their last stand in the cemetery of Montmartre, and was closely allied with Théophile Ferré, who was executed in November 1871. Michel dedicated a moving farewell poem to Ferré, "l’œillet rouge" ("The Red Carnation"). It is without a doubt that upon learning of this loss, Victor Hugo dedicated his poem to Michel, "Viro Major". This ardent attachment was perhaps one of the sources of the exaltation which marked her career, and gave many handles to her enemies. After December 1871, she began composing revolutionary propaganda; demanding assistance for poor people, other measures which threatened the government, and calls for the disenfranchised to arm themselves. She herself took up arms as well and donned a military style uniform. She never renounced the Commune, and after various legal maneuvers city judges sentenced her to death. She spent twenty months in prison and was sentenced to deportation.

She was put onto the ship "Virginie" on the 8th of August, 1873, to be deported. She arrived in New Caledonia 4 months later. On board, she met Henri Rochefort, a famous polemist, who became her friend until her death. She also met Nathalie Lemel, another figure active in the commune. Louise was in New Caledonia for seven years. She refused special treatment reserved for women. In 1878 she was a leader in a revolt. The following year, she received authorisation to become a teacher in Nouméa for the children of the deported—among them many Kabyles (Kabyles du Pacifique) from Cheikh Mokrani's rebellion (1871)—and later in schools for girls.

Michel returned to Paris in 1880 after amnesty was given to the Communards. Her revolutionary spirit never died and she controlled freely a libertarian school. She travelled everywhere in France, supporting revolution. In 1883 she led a Paris mob which pillaged a baker's shop. For this she was given six years imprisonment, but was released in 1886, at the same time as Kropotkin and other prominent anarchists. After a short period of freedom she was again arrested for speaking bad about the social system.

She was soon free again, but, hearing that her enemies hoped to put her in a lunatic asylum, she went to England in 1890. She returned to France in 1895, taking part in the revolt made by the Dreyfuss affair in 1898. Few months ago she was constantly followed by the police, until she died in "Room 11", in the Hotel Oasis, Marseilles on January 10, 1905.

Michel became highly admired by French workers and revolutionaries, particularly for her association with the Paris Commune. From after her death until 1916, a demonstration was held every year at her tomb at Levallois-Perret. Frequently, the language used to describe her is that reserved for saints and heretics; she is often referred to as ""Bonne Louise"" (Good Louise) or the ""Vierge rouge"" (red Virgin). She was always respected same in periods when women were without right.

On May 1, 1946, the Parisian "métro" station "Vallier" was renamed Louise Michel, see: Louise Michel (Paris Metro).




Louise Michel (Paris Métro)

Louise Michel is a station of the Paris Métro, serving Line 3. It is located in the commune of Levallois-Perret northwest of the French capital, Paris.

Before 1946, this station was named "Vallier" after a mountain (2839m)in the Pyrenees near the Val d'Aran. 

The station was renamed on May 1, 1946 to "Louise Michel", in honour of the French anarchist and communarde.

Louise Michel Battalions

Two battalions (made up of volunteer troops) of French-speaking people in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War against fascism, were named after Louise Michel, a heroine of the 1871 Paris Commune.



Idol

An idol is a religious item that represents a god. It can also mean someone who is admired by many people, like a pop idol. Idolatry refers to the worship of idols.

Christians disagree about what idolatry is. Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy see Christian art and icons as good, because they see Christ's Incarnation as having made images of God lawful. However many Protestants regard much Catholic art as idolatry.

This is due to differences in the understanding of the Ten Commandments. "You shall have no other gods before me. You shall not make for yourself a graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; you shall not bow down to them or serve them; for I the Lord your God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and the fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing steadfast love to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments." (RSV Exodus 20:3-6)

Islamic art is often based on Geometric abstraction or calligraphy to avoid idolatry, but Jewish art is somewhat broader. Hindus have murtis, a term often translated as "idols".

Jehovah

Jehovah is the conversion of the Hebrew (YHWH) to Latin. YHWH is the personal name of God in the Hebrew Bible, also known as the Old Testament to Christians.

The majority of scholars agree that the pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton is possibly—but most likely—Yahweh. The pronunciation of this name was simply lost because in Second Temple Judaism during the 3rd to 2nd centuries BCE, saying this name began to be discouraged because it was "too holy". So instead of saying YHWH, Jews used other ways to refer to their God, like "Adonai".


Catholic Encyclopedia

The Catholic Encyclopedia, or the Old Catholic Encyclopedia, is an English language encyclopedia. It was published by The Encyclopedia Press. The first volume appeared in March 1907. It was completed in April 1914.

The encyclopedia was designed for the Roman Catholic Church. It does not include information which has nothing to do with the Church. It explains matters from the point of view of the official Catholic doctrine, as it was during the time of Pope Pius X. It tells the accomplishments of Catholics and some others in nearly all intellectual and professional pursuits. These include artists, educators, poets and scientists.

Bright Eyes

Bright Eyes may mean several different things:


Stanley, Falkland Islands

Stanley (also known as Port Stanley or Puerto Argentino) is the capital city of the Falkland Islands. It is found on the island of East Falkland and has a population of 2,000 (2/3 of the total population of the Falkland Islands of 3,000). Stanley is the biggest settlement and only town in the Falkland Islands. Stanley was the sight of fighting in the 1982 Falklands War, where Argentinian forces captured Government House, the seat of the Falklands Government. It has an airport and a seaport. Cruise ships going through the South Atlantic often make a stop in Stanley, which has a small tourism industry to serve cruise ship passengers and others visiting the islands.

Numismatics

Numismatics is the study and collecting of coins and the history behind the coins. A Numismatist is either a collector of coins or a scholar who studies the history of coins.

The term comes from a word meaning "of coins." The original word is French (numismatique), which itself is from a Latin origin (numismatis).

Coin collectors may have existed in ancient times. Caesar Augustus may have been an example. The first known book about coin collecting was in 1514, "De Asse et Partibus", by Guillaume Budé. However, only royalty really enjoyed coin collecting until the 19th century. That's when professional organizations started to sprout, like the American Numismatic Society in 1858.

Modern numismatics is a sub-field that focuses on when coins started being stamped by machines (around 17th century on). Because of its focus, modern numismatics is more popular with collectors than with historians. Other subfields/variants include exonumia (focus on coin-like objects), notaphily (focus on paper money instead of coins), and scripophily (focus on stocks and bonds instead of coins).

Philately

Philately is the study and collection of postage stamps and postal history.






Charles of Valois

Charles of Valois (March 12, 1270 – December 16, 1325) started the House of Valois as the first Count of Valois. He was the third son of Philip III of France and Isabella of Aragon. His mother was a daughter of James I of Aragon and Yolande of Hungary. He was part the Capetian dynasty.

David Cameron

David William Donald Cameron, Baron Cameron of Chipping Norton, (born 9 October 1966) is a British politician and the Foreign Secretary since 2023. He was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2016. He was First Lord of the Treasury and Leader of the British Conservative Party until July 2016.

On 24 June 2016, following a vote in a referendum to leave the European Union, Cameron announced that he would step down before the October 2016 Conservative Party Conference to make way for a new Prime Minister. After Theresa May became the only candidate in the elections, she became the designated Prime Minister. Cameron later announced he would resign on 13 July and was replaced by May.

David Cameron was born at The London Clinic in Marylebone, London, and grew up in Peasemore, Berkshire. He went to Eton College, a private school for boys, when he was thirteen. He has a brother, Alexander Cameron and two sisters. He then studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) at the University of Oxford. He has Scottish, Welsh, English, Irish and German Jewish descent. He worked as a researcher for Carlton TV, and as an adviser for Conservative politicians Norman Lamont and Michael Howard. He first became a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) at the 2001 General Election for the constituency of Witney, after making an unsuccessful attempt to become an MP during the 1997 General Election. He briefly entered the shadow cabinet in 2005, before being elected leader of the Conservative Party in December 2005.

Cameron led the Conservatives through the 2010 general election, where it received the highest share of the vote and more seats than any other party, but did not get enough votes to form a government by themselves. A Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government was formed, and David Cameron became Prime Minister on 11 May 2010. He is Britain's youngest Prime Minister for over 200 years. Since being elected, Cameron's government has declared £6.2 billion worth of cuts to help reduce the budget deficit. He was re-elected as Prime Minister in 2015. His party got 36.9% of the vote, a majority. The Liberal Democrats only got 7.9% so the coalition between the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats ended.

On 24 June 2016, following a vote in a referendum to leave the European Union, Cameron announced that he would step down before the October 2016 Conservative Party Conference to make way for a new Prime Minister. Cameron announced he would resign on July 13, after Theresa May became the designated Prime Minister.

On 13 November 2023, there was a cabinet reshuffle in which former Home Secretary Suella Braverman was dismissed and replaced by former Foreign Secretary James Cleverly. Cameron replaced Cleverly as Foreign Secretary. In addition to his role, a life peerage was given to Cameron, making him a member of the House of Lords and the first Prime Minister to receive a peerage since Margaret Thatcher.

He is married to Samantha Cameron, and they have 3 children. His son Ivan was born with disabilities and died when he was six. Nancy Gwen was born in 2004. His youngest child, Florence, was born on holiday in Cornwall. Because she was born in St. Endellion, they decided to make her middle name Endellion.

He said on Channel 4 News in 2013 that he is a feminist, but some people don't agree. During a debate with MP Angela Eagle at Prime Minister's Questions in April 2011 he told her to "calm down, dear". Some people found this rude, and have used it to claim he is not a feminist.


House of Bourbon

The House of Bourbon is an important royal house of Europe. Kings from the House of Bourbon ruled France from 1589 to 1792 and again from 1815 to 1848. This is a younger branch of the Capetian dynasty. Members of the House of Bourbon also ruled Naples, Sicily, and Parma in the past. Jean, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and King Felipe VI of Spain are both part of the House of Bourbon.

All of these branches descended from three legitimate grandsons of Louis XIV.


Camelot

In the legends of King Arthur, Camelot is Arthur's castle. In fiction about the Middle Ages, Arthur rules Scotland from Camelot and holds feasts at his round table. The round table, which has no legs or head, symbolized the idea of a good king because every knight who sat at it had an equal place. Since Camelot's original place is still uncertain, the truth about it, if it ever existed, is still unknown. Camelot once held many great things such as The Holy Grail, The Holy Sword Excalibur and The Round Table which brought Arthur's best knights together. 

The end of Camelot was caused by Sir Lancelot's and Queen Guinevere's love affair, which forced Camelot to plunge into civil-war.

University of Hawaiʻi

The University of Hawaii is a group of public colleges and universities in Hawaii established in 1907. There are three universities, seven community colleges, an employment training center, four education centers and some research laboratories:



Cowlitz River

Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States. The river is a tributary of the larger Columbia River. There are several mountains near the river including Mount St. Helens, Mount Rainier, and Mount Adams. 


Alexandre Dumas

Alexandre Dumas can mean one of two people


Leonidas I

Leonidas I (; c. 530 BC–480 BC) was a king of the Greek city-state of Sparta from about 490 BC until his death in 480. The Spartans and associates defended the pass at Thermopylae against the Persian army. Although Leonidas lost the battle, his death at Thermopylae was seen as a heroic sacrifice. Leonidas sent most of his army away when he realized that the Persians had outmaneuvered him. Three hundred of his fellow Spartans stayed with him to fight and die. Almost everything that is known about Leonidas comes from the work of the Greek historian Herodotus (c. 484–c. 425 BC)

In 480 BC, the Persians with their king Xerxes attacked Greece. When the Greeks asked the Spartans to join their army against the Persians, the Spartans went to the Oracle at Delphi. The Oracle gave a prophecy. It said that either Sparta would fall or the Spartans would lose a king.

In August 480 BC, Leonidas went to Thermopylae with 300 of his bodyguards. Other Greek forces joined him there and formed an army of 4,000 soldiers. This army would try to hold the pass of Thermopylae against the great army of Xerxes I, King of Persia.

Leonidas and his men held Thermopylae for three days. On the third day, a Greek traitor named Ephialtes led the Persian army behind the Spartans. It was then that Leonidas sent away all the Greek troops except 700 Thespians, who refused to leave. The small Greek force was attacked from both sides. They fought hard but finally they were all killed. Xerxes told his men to remove Leonidas' head and put it on a stake. He also told them to crucify his body. Now, there is a monument near Leonidas’ death site. It has the following inscription:

Only two Spartans survived that battle. One was Kirtanian. He was injured and sent behind the rest of the soldiers. The other was Pantites. He was sent by Leonidas to get help in Thessaly. He did not get back to Thermopylae until after the battle was done. At the end, he hanged himself because he was harassed and often referred as a coward.

Shrapnel

Shrapnel is small chunks of broken objects, such as concrete and metal, that is around an explosive, usually as part of a container. When the explosive goes off, the shrapnel flies out in all directions with a similar effect to a bullet. Nail bombs work like this.


Nail bomb

A nail bomb is a weapon that is made of a bag of nails with an bomb inside. When the bomb goes off, the nails fly out in all directions, like bullets. They are usually used by suicide bombers and the IRA.

Introduced species

An introduced species is an living thing that is not native to a given place. It has been brought there by human activities. People may have brought the living thing by accident or on purpose. The introduced species can cause problems when it becomes a pest in the new place. It may damage the ecosystem of the new place. This damage can be to other animals, plants and also human activity.

One introduced species is the tilapia. It is a fish that comes from warm freshwater areas of Africa, North and South America, India and Sri Lanka. It has been taken to other areas because it is good for fish farming, and it also is a good pet for an aquarium. When the fish is released into other parts of the world, it quickly takes over from the native fish. It can do this because it breeds quickly, eats all the available food, and eats the eggs and babies of native fish. This can cause the water to become so muddy, that the native fish cannot live. Tilapia has been listed as one of the 100 worst introduced species. A person owning or selling one in Australia could be fined up to AU$11,000.

An introduced species may have a great advantage over the native species. They usually come in without the predators and parasites which they suffer in their old environment. This allows them to have young quickly. Fire ants and Africanized honeybees became invasive insects in the 20th century.



Bunker

A bunker is a military building for fortification. They are usually built below ground. Blockhouses are like bunkers, but are built above ground. Bunkers were of big importance during World War I and World War II. Bunkers were built during the Cold War for important political people and for the general public because of the scare of a nuclear war.

There are many different types of bunkers:

A trench is long and narrow. It may be part of a big system of trenches. Soldiers often dig and use trenches. When most of the front-line soldiers use trenches, it is called trench warfare.

A pillbox is a small building made of concrete that also has small windows that people can shoot guns out of. The name came from the fact that they look like the boxes that pills came in.
Pillboxes were used a lot during World War I when defence in depth was being used. Pillboxes are most often found camouflaged so that they are harder to spot. They can also be part of a trench system, where the pillbox is a firing step that has been built to take grenade blasts and smaller mortar fire. Pillboxes were also built to help protect strategic structures such as bridges or jetties.

Industrial bunkers are built like regular bunkers and they can be mining sites, food storage areas, dumps for materials, data storage, and sometimes places that people live in. They were built by nations during World War II to help protect the important industries from getting bombed. Many mines in France and Germany were made into bunkers by both the Germans and the French in both World War I and World War II.

A bomb shelter or fallout shelter is a type of bunker, usually civilian bunker, used for protection against nuclear weapons and the toxic radiation "fallout" they leave behind. These shelters run the gammit from modified storm shelters to vast underground cities

Famous bunkers include the World War II V-weapon buildings in Germany (e.g., Mittelwerk, La Coupole, and Éperlecques) and the Cold War buildings in the United States (Cheyenne Mountain, Site R, and The Greenbrier) and Canada (Diefenbunker).



Over-harvesting

Over-harvesting means taking more from the land (or sea) than it can replace. It includes extreme farming, grazing, fishing, and using fresh water. 

Over-harvesting is harmful in the long term. Forests or wetlands are hard to replace. Damage to nature hurts animals and humans. Most wetlands are damaged by overuse as a source of drinking water, and are sometimes drained to make farmland or land for building. A thriving and diverse ecosystem is destroyed. 

Over-harvesting also applies to animals. Population numbers may drop as a result, and species may become extinct. Overfishing is a typical example. Nowadays, you can only fish, shoot deer or birds at certain times of the year. The season when they mate, reproduce and lay eggs or have the young are protected. Areas of especial natural beauty or scientific interest are also protected. Now, in the United Kingdom, it is illegal to take bird eggs.

One thing which acts against conservation is the overpopulation of the world. The greatest single reason why the world loses forests is that some people want the land for other purposes. A few people gain, but everyone shares the cost. This is called the tragedy of the commons.


Habitat fragmentation

Habitat fragmentation happens when large habitats are divided into smaller ones, separating all the species that lived there and depended on each other. 

Habitat fragmentation is not good because it involves some amount of habitat destruction. Plants and other organisms in these areas are destroyed and mobile animals escape from those places to find another habitat causing an excessive crowding and possible competitions among different animals.

Cecil (band)

Cecil was a rock band from Liverpool, England.

Cecil formed in Liverpool in 1993. The members were Ste Williams (vocals), Patrick Harrison (guitar), Ally Lambert (drums), Anthony Hughes (guitar and keyboards), and Jay Bennett (bass).

The band took part in a "Battle of the Bands". It was sponsored by Liverpool Echo who later tried to stitch the band up by putting them on the front cover under the title "Bulger Band", a reference to their song No Excuses that they believed, incorrectly, to be about the murder of toddler James Bulger. The band never spoke to the Liverpool Echo again. The band signed a manangement contract with Raymond Coffer. They later signed with the record label Parlophone (EMI). They released their first single "No Excuses" with Parlophone in October 1995.

The band spent the end of 1995 and most of 1996 playing concerts in much of the United Kingdom. They played with such bands as The Levellers, Skunk Anansie, and Paw. They also played in music festivals at Donnington and T in the Park. During this time, they released their second single "My Neck", which was backed with an acoustic track and a piano version of the single, giving a hint of the direction they were heading in for the recording of their 2nd record.

In 1996, their first album "Bombar Diddlah" was getting good reviews. It was produced by Barrett Jones of Foo Fighters.

Cecil spent most of 1997 writing songs, touring with the band Mansun and making their music sound even better. The changes could particularly be heard in the sound of Ste Williams' vocals. By the end of 1997, their new sound could be heard in their new release "Red Wine At Dead Time". They released a second album in 1998, "Subtitles". It did not sell as well as hoped. The band spent the next few years writing and touring sporadically, finally relocating to Seattle in 2001 to work on a third album with long time cohort Barrett Jones. After a productive 2-month stint, straight after the 9/11 bombings, the band went back home to write more songs and booked to go into Stone Gossard's (Pearl Jam) Studio Litho with Barrett to record the rest of the third record. This never happened after being dropped from their label.The band went their separate ways in March 2002 and remain firm friends, occasionally reuniting for off the cuff live shows in their native Liverpool.




Christopher Marlowe

Christopher "Kit" Marlowe (6 February 1564–30 May 1593) was a major dramatist, poet, and translator of English Renaissance drama. Swinburne has written that: "Marlowe is a Father of English Tragedy and the creator of English blank verse and therefore also the teacher and guide of Shakespeare." He was born the same year as Shakespeare, or at least baptised, but lived only to the age of 29, when he was murdered in a brawl.

Marlowe was the son of a shoemaker in Canterbury. His intelligence won him scholarships, to King's School in Canterbury at age 15, and two years later to the University of Cambridge. Marlowe was well-educated; he earned a bachelor's degree in 1584 and a master's degree in 1587. 

Marlowe's plays were both popular and controversial, in his own era and later. His plays deal with disturbing subjects like devil worship ("Doctor Faustus"), homosexuality ("Edward II"), and anti-Semitism ("The Jew of Malta"). Marlowe is generally regarded as master of blank verse.

In addition to seven plays, Marlowe wrote one long poem, "Hero and Leander", and one famous shorter poem, "The Passionate Shepherd to His Love."

Marlowe's death was also highly controversial. He was killed in a tavern brawl, stabbed in the head. Marlowe was, or sometimes claimed to be, an atheist, at a time when atheism was a crime that could be punished by death. Some people have wondered if his death were connected with these other issues.

Uncertainty about Marlowe's death has led some people to believe that Marlowe faked his death and continued to write plays using the name "William Shakespeare." This is called the "Marlovian theory." In modern times, the changes were attempted to rename the theory in "Derogation of the king."



Neuhof an der Zenn

Neuhof an der Zenn is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Bass clarinet

The bass clarinet is a type of clarinet, and is a woodwind single-reed instrument. The earliest record of the bass clarinet is called a 'bass tube' invented in Paris in 1772 by G. Lott. It usually has a B-flat pitch. It plays one octave lower in pitch than the normal clarinet. This means that when a bass clarinet makes a note, the note that actually sounds is an octave and a whole tone lower. There are some bass clarinets that have an A or C pitch as well as E flat, but these are not common.

Cornett

The cornett is a brass instrument from the Medieval, Renaissance, and Baroque times. It is also called a zink, cornetto, or by its Italian name, "cornetto curvo". It is different from the modern cornet, also a brass instrument. It has only one feature shared with the cornett.


Baoruco Province

Baoruco, also written Bahoruco (but the "h" is not pronounced), is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country, in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley. Its capital city is Neiba (or Neyba).

It was created on 1943. It was part of the Barahona province before being elevated to the category of province. It was called Baoruco because the northern side of the Sierra de Bahoruco was part of the province; with the creation of the Independecia province, that part went to the new province but the name was not changed.

Baoruco is bordered to the north by the San Juan province, to the east by the Azua and Barahona provinces, and to the south and west by the Independencia province.

When the Baoruco province was created in 1943, it was formed with the municipalities Neiba, Duvergé, La Descubierta and Tamayo. With the creation of the Independencia province in 1948, Duvergé and La Descubierta became municipalities of the new province. Villa Jaragua became a municipality of the province in 1974, Galván in 1997 and Los Ríos in 2001.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Baoruco province, and 69,360 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 23th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 99,607 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Neiba, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 27,105 inhabitants.

The Baoruco province has a total area of . It has 2.6% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 17th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Neiba, provincial capital, is .

The Baoruco province is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley, a very dry valley with some parts below sea level; its capital, Neiba, has an elevation of only 10 m above sea level. In this valley is the "Lake Enriquillo", and the northeastern part of the lake, about of third of its surface, belongs to the Baoruco province, including its small islands of Barbarita and Islita.

The Sierra de Neiba runs across the northern part of the province, on the border with the San Juan province.

The most important river in the province is the Yaque del Sur river, one of the longest in the country; it forms the eastern limit of the province and its water is used for irrigation. Other rivers are Las Marías and Panzo.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains. In the valley, cacti and other plants of dry regions are common. There are some rainforests in the mountains.

The only important road in the province goes through the southern part of the province, along the valley, and the most important towns of the province are along this road.

There are five municipalities and nine municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantains in Tamayo, grapes in Neiba and Los Ríos. On the Sierra de Neiba, coffee and beans are important products.

Snorri Sturluson

Snorri Sturluson (1179 – 23 September 1241) was an Icelandic historian, poet and politician. He was three-time elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament, the Althing. He was the author of the "Prose Edda" or "Younger Edda" and the "Heimskringla", a history of the Norwegian kings that begins with legendary material and moves through to early medieval Scandinavian history.



Heimskringla

Heimskringla is the best known of the old Norse kings' sagas. It was written in Old Norse in Iceland by the poet and historian Snorri Sturluson (1179 – 1242) ca. 1230. The name "Heimskringla" was first used in the 17th century, it comes from the first two words of one of the manuscripts ("kringla heimsins" - "the circle of the world").

Heimskringla is a collection of tales about the Norwegian kings, beginning with the legendary Swedish dynasty of the Ynglingas, followed by accounts of historical Norwegian rulers from Harald Fairhair of the 9th century up to 1177.



County Mayo

County Mayo is a county in the province of Connacht, in Ireland. Castlebar and Ballina are the two towns with the most people living in them in the county. The highest point in Mayo and Connacht is Mweelrea.

The following is a list of the towns and villages in County Mayo:


Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy

Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy is a platform game made by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the first video game in the "Jak and Daxter" series, and can only be bought for the Sony PlayStation 2. It was released in winter of 2001, and has two sequels, "Jak II" and "Jak 3". It also has two spin-offs, "" and "Daxter". Many people think of "Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy" as the spiritual successor to Naughty Dog's "Crash Bandicoot" series.

Crash Bandicoot (series)

Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment. The "Crash Bandicoot" games were first made by the video game company Naughty Dog. Since then, the series has been given to many different companies before it was kept at Radical Entertainment. The games happen in the fictional Wumpa Islands in the south of Australia. There were 15 "Crash Bandicoot" games in 2007, which have sold 40 million copies.

The main character in the "Crash Bandicoot" games, is also called Crash Bandicoot.

Crash Bandicoot was created by Naughty Dog in 1996. It out in a platform game called "Crash Bandicoot", where Crash has to save his girlfriend Tawna from the evil doctor Neo Cortex.

After "Crash Bandicoot", Naughty Dog made a sequel (another video game), "", where Crash saves the world from Cortex for a second time.

In the third game of the series, "", Crash again defeats Cortex and his friend Uka Uka, who tries to conquer the world with the help of Nefarious Tropy and his time machine. Released on playstation.

The fourth and last game made by Naughty Dog with Crash and company was "Crash Team Racing", a racing game where Nitrous Oxide, an alien, challenged the Earth inhabitants to a cart race.

After Naughty Dog, other companies made many more games in the "Crash Bandicoot" series, and not only for PlayStation.

List of "Crash Bandicoot" games from other companies:

Available:
No longer available:
<nowiki>*</nowiki>No longer under official ownership. Beware of possible malicious intentions.

Copt

Copt is a general term for Christians in Egypt. Some Muslims are also being referred as Coptic. Today, more than 95% of the Copts belong to the Latin community of the Coptic Catholic Church, and other of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. They used the Coptic calendar and speak the Coptic language. Baptism and male Circumcision is commonly practiced. Mark the Evangelist is believed to be the founder of Christianity in Egypt, and is thus regarded as their spiritual predecessor.

Tracing its root back to the introduction of Christianity into Alexandria in around 42 AD, according to the Church's tradition, by Saint Mark the Evangelist, Copts is one of the oldest and long lasting Christian communities in Egypt. Because Alexandria was founded by Alexander the Great as his capital in Egypt, the city was destined to be a metropolis connecting Egypt with the rest of the Hellenic world. Connecting the Nile River, Red Sea, and the Mediterranean Sea, Alexandria was, as still is, one of the largest port cities in Egypt where local produces such as grains were exported to other parts of the word. Founded in such a well-connected location, Christianity soon got spread into the heartlands of Egypt in the following centuries. Later in the Council of Nicaea organized by Emperor Constantine I in 325 C.E., the Church of Alexandria was elevated to the rank of Patriarchate alongside Rome and Jerusalem.

Rooted in the crossroad between East and West, the Church of Alexandria consequently had a profound impact on spreading the faith to its surrounding areas. One greatest achievement of the Church of Alexandria was the spread of monasticism. The spread of monasticism can be traced back to . Having lived an ascetic life for twenty years in a cave in a dessert mountain called Mt. Pispir, only eating bread, salt, and water, Anthony’s action soon attracted followers who voluntarily vowed as his disciple. His disciples then carried his monastic style of teachings and approaches to all directions, including places like Palestine, Marseille, Mesopotamia, Asia Minor, Syria, Ethiopia, and even Ireland.

Despite the elevation of the Church of Alexandria, religious persecutions were still wide spread due to multiple theological controversies throughout the entire Christian world.

Before the concept of Holy Trinity was publicly announced and accepted by most Christian schools in the council of Nicaea, most churches enjoyed freedom of interpretation to the Bible and religious doctrines. Consequently, as a hot topic among theologians, discussions over the essence of God and the Christ prevailed throughout the debates. In either year 318 or 320 AD, Arius, a former presbyter (priest who preaches) in Alexandria publicly announced that the Holy Father and the Christ are different by nature. Arius's idea, known as Nontrinitarianism, holds that the Christ is distinct from the Holy Father himself and is therefore God's creation. Arius's opponent Athanasius of Alexandria and on the other hand, believed that God the Father, the Christ the Son, and the Holy Spirit are consubstantial, or same in their essences.

In the Council of Nicaea, Holy Trinity theory was publicly acclaimed; as a result, Arius was expelled from the council and condemned as heresy. Despite Arianism was denounced as heresy, a substantial group of followers in Egypt still believed in Arius's theory, and their influence in Alexandria was still prevalent. Therefore, dispute was inevitable. For instance, Athanasios of Alexandria, although being acclaimed as a great priest by later theologians, had a bad reputation for brutally suppressing his theological opponents in Alexandria while he was the Patriarch of Alexandria. Nevertheless, as Emperor Constantine, the main supporter of the Nicene Creed, died in 337, Arianist theologians in Alexandria led by Gregory of Cappadocia organized an uprising with the support of street mobs. They soon took over the city and charged Athanasios for being an outlawed priest. As a result, Athanasios was forced to expelled.

The death of Prophet Muhammad in 632 AD marked the start of the Rashidun Caliphate era in the Middle East. The term Rashidun literally means rightly guided; it refers to the first four Islamic caliphs who were considered rightfully elected by the ummah. Under the rule of Caliph Uthman, Rashidun armies started to invade Syria, Mesopotamia, and Fars regions, the former territories of the Byzantine Empire, and the Sassanian Persia.

A drastic change happened to the Egyptian religious milieux when Egypt was taken over by Muslim general Amr ibn al-As in 639. Initially, Christianity was tolerated because they were redeemed as the Ahl al-Kitab, or the People of the Book. In return for tolerance, Christians had to pay the Gizya tax and were forbidden from entering the army. Although tolerated by the system in theory, in practice, Copts in Egypt suffered economically, and several uprisings against their Muslim overlords happened occasionally as well. Meanwhile to suppress the uprisings, the muslim governments from time to time also confiscated church properties and imprisoned some important members of the Church. As a result, a lot of them converted to Islam to avoid the heavy tax, and eventually by the Ninth century, Muslims gained the majority in Egypt.

When Napoleon Bonaparte launched his expedition to Egypt in 1798 starting with Alexandria, several local Copts sought this as an opportunity. A formal tax collector of the Upper Egypt under the Ottoman-mamluk rule Mu'allam Ya'qub Tadrus, for instance, became a joint commander alongside general Desiax during his conquest of Upper Egypt. After Napoleon's retreat, Ya'qub was even in charge of a Coptic legion under the French army system. Another former tax collector Mu'allim Girgis al-Gawhari served as the minister of finance under Napoleon's expedition. During his term, he donated some lands to the Coptic Church.

Although individual Copts seek opportunities in the French occupation, the Coptic community as a whole remained the same as under the Ottoman rule. They were still marginalized and lack much political power outside their communities. There were only a few individual who could serve as tax collectors or government advisors occasionally, seeking for opportunities both for themselves and for their communities.

Since the departure of Napoleon from Egypt, the Ottoman forces soon regain control over Egypt. Many Christian Egyptians were accused of cooperating with the French army, and many of them got sentenced to death. As Muhammad Ali took control of Egypt however, Copts, alongside Armenians and Jew enjoyed an unprecedented freedom and promotion in Muhammad Ali's government. Contrary to the Millet system under the Ottomans, Muhammad Ali promoted officers based on their merit and connection to local communities. Consequently as a power broker between the government and the regional population, former tax collectors, religious figures, and military officers got promoted to Ali's government as bureaucrats. Under Ali's reform, Copts such as al-Mu'allim Ghali got promoted to Ali's financial advisor.

As a continuation of the Ottoman Millet System, Coptic clergy continued to hold a great influence on its community. They were not only in charge of religious services but was also in control of meddling day-to-day activities such as legal disputes. However, since Sharia court also coexisted alongside the Coptic Jurisdiction, and Copts often switched between different courts when the law serves their interests better. In a societal sense, this can be seen as a competition between Islam and Coptic Christianity. Although to individuals, they were only opportunists who tried to maximize their rights and profits. Similar trend continues when the Ottoman Tanzimat Reforms got adopted by the Egyptian government. In this case, Copts continued to switch between affirming Coptic laws and State Laws when the terms suits their interests.


Pectus excavatum

Pectus excavatum is a congenital medical condition where the ribs and sternum grow abnormally, producing a sunken appearance to the chest. This makes the chest look like it has caved in on itself. It is also commonly referred to as "funnel chest" or "chest bowl". It is the most common form of pectus deformity, occurring in approximately 1 in 300-400 births, with a 3:1 male predominance ratio. While Pectus Excavatum occurs at birth, it often does not develop properly until early adolescence when growth is more rapid.

Doctors do not know why some people have the dent. They think it might be caused by a bad gene from the parent. It is also linked to syndromes (illnesses) that affect other parts of the body.

Pectus excavatum happens in about 1 in every 300-400 children, with the 75% majority of cases being male.

A vacuum bell, also called a suction cup, can be used to fix pectus excavatum. The cup is placed on the chest and all the air is removed: this pulls up the chest. This non-invasive procedure shows promise to be a permanent cure for pectus excavatum. Treatment must continue for two years after the appearance of correction is made.

The dent can be fixed by a doctor. The following are alternate surgical ways of fixing the chest:

The Nuss Procedure was created by Doctor Nuss from Norfolk in Virginia. A metal bar is put into the chest; the bar holds the chest up.

The Ravitch technique is from the 1950s. It involves cutting out part of the chest, placing a bar in the chest, and having the bone grow back. Most doctors do not use the Ravitch because it causes much blood loss.

Mark the Evangelist

Mark the Evangelist (מרקוס, ) was one of the followers of Jesus Christ. He is believed to be the writer of the Gospel of Mark. He is believed by some scholars to be the young man found in chapter 14, verses 51-52 of the gospel. The Copts think Mark brought Christianity to Egypt. It was his house where Jesus and his disciples ate the last supper.
מרקוס and Μάρκος are both pronounced as Markus which more consistent with Aramaic and Hebrew understanding of Roman names. Markus was a Roman who accepted Jesus Christ along with others.

Analects

The Analects was a book put together by the students of Confucius. It is about his thoughts on family, government and war. It was likely written by his followers.


Central Park

Central Park is a large public park in Manhattan in New York City. Central Park has about 35,000,000 visitors every year. It is the most visited city park in the United States. The park contains lakes, a castle, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Central Park Zoo. The park has been shown in many movies and television programs.

The Central Park covers , and is 2.5 miles (4 km) long between 59th Street (Central Park South) and 110th Street (Central Park North), and is 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide between Fifth Avenue and Central Park West. It is similar in size to San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, Chicago's Lincoln Park, Vancouver's Stanley Park, or Munich's Englischer Garten. It lies between the New York Theater District, Harlem (north), Upper West Side, and the Upper East Side.

Central Park is bordered on the north by West 110th Street, on the south by West 59th Street, on the west by Eighth Avenue, and on the east by Fifth Avenue. Along the park's borders however, these are known as Central Park North, Central Park South, and Central Park West, respectively. Only Fifth Avenue retains its name as the eastern border of the park. Each of the twenty gates on these streets has a name.

The park is bigger than Monaco and Vatican City, though some other parks in the city are even larger.

In 1855, New York City had four times as many people as in 1821. The city grew bigger, and there were fewer parks in Lower Manhattan. A park was being planned for Upper Manhattan. Two years before, in 1853, the New York state government gave over an area, from 59th to 106th Streets, to build the Park. The land alone cost more than US$5 million.

The park first opened in 1857. In 1858, Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux won a design competition to improve and expand the park with a plan they entitled the Greensward Plan. Construction began in the same year and was finished in 1873. Many rocks, soil, and plants were put in the park. People living in the park were forced to move out. Later, the park was made larger.

In the 1930s, because people had not taken care of the park, it was cleaned up and changed by Robert Moses. By the 1960s, the park became a bad place to go again, so in the 1980s and 1990s, the Central Park Conservancy was made. The Central Park Conservancy cleaned up Central Park from the 1980s through the 2000s.

The park was named a National Historic Landmark in 1963.

The Central Park Conservancy runs the park. They operate it because of an agreement with the city government. 85% of Central Park's $25 million annual budget and 80% of the park's maintenance staff come from the Conservancy.

The conservancy cares for of lawns, 21,500 trees, of lakes and streams, and of woodlands. Their staff plant hundreds of bulbs, shrubs, flowers, and trees every year. They make sure that 9,000 benches, 26 ballfields, and 21 playgrounds are clean and good to use. They also care for 55 sculptures and monuments, as well as 36 bridges. Conservancy crews remove graffiti from Central Park and collect more than 2,000 tons of trash a year.

The Conservancy has been led by four presidents. The first is Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, who helped to create the Conservancy in 1978. She was president until 1996. Karen H. Putnam, the Conservancy’s development director, was president from 1996 to 2000, after completing the projects slated under the "Wonder of New York" capital campaign. The third, Regina S. Peruggi, used to be president of Marymount Manhattan College. She led the Conservancy from 2000 to 2003. Since 2003, Douglas Blonsky, who used to look over construction for the Park, has been the president of the Conservancy.

Central Park has been mentioned in thousands of books, movies, and TV shows. In the U.S. TV show "Friends" (1994-2004), the coffee shop where the characters often gathered was named "Central Perk" as a pun on the term "coffee percolator" (a type of pot used to brew coffee).

Mae Jemison

Mae Carol Jemison (born October 17, 1956) is an American physician and NASA astronaut. She became the first African-American woman to enter space when she served on the crew of the Space Shuttle Endeavour in September 1992. She has appeared on television several times, including as an actress in an episode of .

Jemison was born in Decatur, Alabama. She moved to Chicago at age three. Her brother and sister are Ada and Charles Jemison. From early on, she was interested in science. Jemison’s parents supported her love for science and space. As a child, she spent lots of time in the library. She read books about space, and evolution.

Jemison graduated from high school at the age of 16. She studied at Stanford University on a scholarship. There she earned a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering in 1977. During her education, Jemison involved herself in activities outside her classes. These included dance, theater, and volunteer work. She was also the head of the Black Student Union. While at Cornell, Jemison helped people who had left their country because it was not safe to live there. She helped run health studies in Kenya as well. She studied how complicated organisms can be influenced by gravity. In 1981 she earned a Doctorate of Medicine.

Jemison was in astronomy ever since she was a child. She dreamed of going to space one day. While attending UCLA, she applied for NASA. Soon after she applied, NASA had a terrible accident on January 28, 1986. "Challenger" was launched in Florida and it blew up soon after taking off. The astronauts were all killed. There would be no more astronauts going into space until the scientists figured out what had happened. Jemison became one of the 0.75% of people who were chosen for a special type of instruction at NASA a year after this accident had occurred.

The training incorporated physical demand and rigorous studying of science. She had to learn what to do in case if an emergency had happened. She soon became a certified mission specialist. Jemison’s mission was in September 1992. She is remembered as the member of the crew on "Endeavour", an eight-day journey. This was a joint mission between the US and Japan. She fertilized frog eggs and observed their development into tadpoles.

Jemison worked at NASA from 1987 to 1993. She later started The Jemison Group, Inc., which created ALAFIYA, a satellite-based telecommunications system. This system was to be used to bring healthcare to developing nations. She also was a professor in the Environmental Studies Program at Dartmouth College. There she directed the Jemison Institute for Advancing Technology in Developing Countries. She has studied astronomy, zoology, archaeology, and many other things.

Jemison joined the Peace Corps, a volunteer organization. She worked as a medical officer there from 1983 to 1985 in Sierra Leone and Liberia.

Jemison has won many awards since her time in space. She was named as one of the 50 most influential women by "Ebony" magazine. She is in three different halls of fame: the National Medical Association Hall of Fame, Texas Science Hall of Fame, and National Women’s Hall of Fame. Jemison has also been on a few television programs, including the PBS program "African American Lives". She also speaks in public about her life and influence. Mae C. Jemison Public School was named after her.

Club

A club can be many things. 


Ethylene

Ethylene or ethene is a chemical compound with two carbon atoms and four hydrogen atoms in each molecule. These molecules are put together with a double bond that makes it a hydrocarbon. It is very important in industry and has even been used in biology as a hormone. It is also the most made chemical. About 75 million tons of it have been made each year since 2005. Its biggest use is to make polyethylene.

Since 1795, ethylene was called an "olefiant gas", or "oil making gas". This was because it came together with chlorine to make the "oil of the Dutch chemists".

In 1866, the German chemist August Wilhelm von Hofmann came up with a system for naming hydrocarbons. The suffixes -ane, -ene, -ine, -one, and -une were used to call the hydrocarbons with 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 fewer hydrogen atoms than the alkane it came from. Because of this system, ethylene became ethene.

In 1979, the IUPAC decided that ethylene would stay ethylene.

Ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking. Some of the parts of an ethylene plant can be:


There are other systems in an ethylene plant. The systems listed above were the most important systems in an ethylene plant.

Since making ethylene uses a lot of energy, the people making the ethylene try very hard to keep the heat from the gasses from leaving the furnaces.


Skol

Skol is a brand of beer made by the Danish company Carlsberg Group. Skol was first brewed in 1959 for European customers. The beer's name comes from the Danish word "skål" which means "to your health", a common toast (a word or phrase said before drinking). Skol is available in a few different flavors.

Skol was started in 1964 in Europe. It became available in Brazil in 1967. In 1979, it was one of the first beers to be sold in aluminum cans. As of 2004, Skol was available in more than 20 countries.

In 2000, the first annual Skol Beats music festival was held in São Paulo, Brazil. The type of music featured at Skol Beats is electronic, including trance, techno, electro, drum and bass, house, and breakbeat. Skol's new "Beats" beer was revealed at the 2000 festival. Beats has a different flavor and alcohol content than the original Skol. It is marketed as the beer for people that like parties and excitement.

In October of 2006, the new Skol Lemon was released. Response to Skol Lemon has been divided. Some people really like it and others do not.

Fragmentation

Fragmentation can mean:


Archbishopric of Salzburg

The Archbishopric of Salzburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire Archbishop of Salzburg as a Prince-Bishop. This means the archbishop had his ecclesiatical (church) powers and also the powers of an he Archbishopric was about the same size as the modern state of Salzburg in Austria.

The most famous Archbishop was probably the last to rule as a prince. He was Hieronymus von Colloredo, who was an early patron of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

In 450 a book was written about the live of St Severinus of Noricum. The book said that Salzburg had two churches and a monastery. St. Maxius is the only abbot-bishop known by name. Soon after Maxius was martyred, Salzburg was destroyed soon after in about 482.

St. Rupert later went back to Salzburg to set up the churches again. He saw the ruins of Salzburg overgrown with brambles, but no one knows whether he arrived about 543 during the time of Theodo I or in about 698 when Bavaria was conquered by the Franks.

It was not until after 700 that Christian civilisation started to grow again in the region. The cathedral monastery was named in honour of St. Peter and Rupert's niece Ehrentrudis founded the nunnery at Nonnberg.

Arno, Archbishop of Salzburg enjoyed the respect of the Frankish king Charlemagne. Charlemagne asked him to make the land between the Danube, the Raab, and Drave Rivers Christian. This area ad recently been taken from the Avars. Monasteries were founded and all of Carinthia was slowly Christianised.

While Arno was in Rome attending to some of Charlemagne's business in 798, Pope Leo III appointed him Archbishop over the other bishops in Bavaria (Freising, Passau, Regensburg, and Säben). When the dispute over the church's border between Salzburg and Aquileia broke out, Charlemagne declared the River Drave to be the border. Arno also began the copying of 150 volumes from the court of Charlemagne. This was the start of the first library in Austria.

The first archbishop of the era was Gebhard, who during the Investiture Controversy remained on the side of the Pope. Because of this, Gebhard was exiled for nine years, but was allowed to return shortly before his death and was buried in Admont. His successor Thimo was imprisoned for five years, and suffered a horrible death in 1102. After King Henry IV abdicated and Conrad I of Abensberg was elected Archbishop. Conrad lived in exile until the Calistine Concordat of 1122.

The Archbishops again took the side of the Pope during the arguments between the Pope and the Hohenstaufens. Archbishop Eberard I of Hilpolstein-Biburg was allowed to reign in peace, but his successor Conrad II of Austria made the Emperor's angry and died in 1168 in Admont trying to hide from the Emperor. Conrad III of Wittelsbach was appointed the Archbishop of Salzburg in 1177 at the Diet of Venice, after the supporters of both Pope and Emperor were deposed.

Archbishop Eberard II of Truchsess was made a prince of the Empire in 1213, and created three new sees: Chiemsee (1216), Seckau (1218) and Lavant (1225). Eberard was excommunicated in 1245 after refusing to publish a decree deposing the emperor. Eberard died suddenly the next year. During the German Interregnum, Salzburg also suffered confusion. Philip of Carinthia was made ruler of Salzburg, but refused to become a priest. This meant he could not be Archbishop, so he was deposed (sacked) by Ulrich, Bishop of Seckau.

King Rudolph I of Habsburg quarrelled with the archbishops. The arguments wer started by Abbot Henry of Admont After Henry died the archbishops and the Habsburgs made peace in 1297. The people and archbishops of Salzburgs remained loyal to the Habsburgs in their struggles against the Wittelsbachs. When the Black Death reached Salzburg in 1347, the Jews were accused of poisoning the wells and suffered severe persecution. The Jews were expelled from Salzburg in 1404. Later, the Jews were allowed to return but were forced to wear pointed hats. Although the Renaissance was a time when new paintings, sculptures and music was being made across Europe, this did not happen in Salzburg because the archbishops were not got rulers, and because of poor conditions in the empire during the reign of Frederick IV.

Conditions were at their worst during the reign of Bernard II of Rohr. The country was in depression, local authorities were raising their own taxes and the Turks were attackingthe archdiocese. In 1473, he summoned the first provincial diet (parliament) in the history of the archbishopric, and eventually abdicated. It was only Leonard of Keutschach (reigned 1495–1519) who changedthe situation. He had all the burgermeisters and town councillors (who were charging unfair taxes) arrested at the same time and imprisoned in the castle. His last years were spent in bitter struggle against Matthäus Lang of Wellenburg, Bishop of Gurk, who succeeded him in 1519.

Archbishop Paris of Lodron led Salzburg to peace and prosperity during the Thirty Years' War in which the rest of Germany was thoroughly devastated. During the reign of Leopold Anthony of Firmian, Protestants emerged more vigorously than before. He invited the Jesuits to Salzburg and asked for help from the emperor, and finally ordered the Protestants to recant or emigrate - about 30,000 people left and settled in Württemberg, Hanover and East Prussia, and a few settled in Georgia in the United States of America. The last Prince-Archbishop, Hieronymus of Colloredo, is probably the most well known for his patronage of Mozart. His reforms of the church and education alienated himself from the people.

In 1803, Salzburg was secularised (stopped being control by the church) as the Electorate of Salzburg. The former Grand Duke Ferdinand III of Tuscany (brother of Emperor Francis II) was made elector. In 1805 Salzburg became a part of Austria, and in 1809, a part of Bavaria. The Bavarians closed the University of Salzburg, banned monasteries from accepting novices (new monks for training), and banned pilgrimages and processions. The Congress of Vienna returned Salzburg to the Austrians in 1814.


"Abandoned after c. 482"




The secularized Duchy of Salzburg was created in 1803, but annexed by Austria in 1805. The Duke of Salzburg was transferred to the Grand Duchy of Würzburg:




Chinrest

A chinrest is a part on a violin. It helps to hold the violin against the player's shoulder. A chinrest is usually made of wood. It is usually not glued on. Instead, metal clasps are used. These clasps are put against the side of the violin. They are held on by the tension of the screws in them. Older violins do not often have chinrests.

Rheinfelden (Baden)

Rheinfelden is a town in Germany that was started in 1922. The name means "the fields of the Rhine", like Rheinfelden in Switzerland.

Stone circle

A stone circle is an ancient monument. It is made of several standing stones, usually menhirs that are arranged in a certain way. Very often those stones form circles or ellipses. The number of stones can vary between four and 60. Very often, burial sites are in the circle, or nearby. There are about 1,000 stone circles and 80 stone henges in the Great Britain and Ireland. Most likely stone circles were used for rituals. They might also have been used as calendars; some stone circles are arranged so that certain stones are lit on special dates, such as the summer solstice.

Standing stone

Standing stones or menhirs are stones set into the ground vertically. They were put there by Neolithic people in the British Isles and Brittany, and they also occur elsewhere in the world.

There may be single standing stones, circles, lines or groups of them. Their dates are mostly from 4000 BC to 1,500 BC. Since Neolithic peoples did not have writing, we do not know much about what they were used for. It is generally thought they had both practical and ceremonial or religious uses. Pottery that has been found near some of these stones suggest some of them in Europe belonged to the so-called 'Beaker culture'.

Their shape is generally uneven and squared, usually becoming thinner near the top. Menhirs can be found across Europe, Africa and Asia, but they are mostly found in Western Europe; espically in the British Isles (Great Britain and Ireland), and Brittany. There are about 50,000 megaliths in these areas. Standing stones are usually hard to date, but pottery found underneath some in western Europe connects them with the Beaker people. They were made as part of a megalithic culture which was powerful in Europe and beyond.

Where they appear in groups, often in a round, oval, henge or horseshoe formation, they are sometimes called megalithic monuments. These are sites of very old religious ceremonies, sometimes having burial chambers. The developments of radiocarbon dating and tree-ring calibration have helped us learn more of their timing. In some archaeological sites, the remains of wooden henges can be found. Woodhenge was a henge and timber circle monument in the Stonehenge World Heritage Site in Wiltshire, England. It is 2 miles (3.2 km) north-east of Stonehenge.

Not really anything is known of the social group or religious thoughts of the people who made the menhirs. There is not even any trace of their language. We do know that they buried their dead, and had the skills to grow cereal, farm and make pottery, stone tools and jewelry. Some recent research into the megaliths in Brittany suggests a much older origin, maybe back to six to seven thousand years ago. This is not generally accepted at this time.



Rheinfelden

Rheinfelden is:



Feldspar

Feldspar is the name of a group of rock-forming tectosilicate minerals that make up as much as 60% of the Earth's crust.

Feldspar forms crystals from magma in both intrusive and extrusive rocks, and they can also happen as compact minerals, as veins, and are also present in many types of metamorphic rock. Rock formed entirely of plagioclase feldspar is known as anorthosite. Feldspar is also found in many types of sedimentary rock.

Feldspar is typically reddish or pale pink in color, and has a hardness of 6 on the Mohs scale, making it roughly as hard to scratch as glass.

There are two groups of feldspar, both made out of silica and aluminum:

Felisburgo

Felisburgo is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Brazos Country, Texas

Brazos Country is a city in Austin County, Texas. It had a population was 514 people in 2020.

List of cities in Texas

The following is a list of cities in the state of Texas in the United States, by letter:


























Arthur Rimbaud

Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud (20 October 1854 – 10 November 1891) was a French poet, born in Charleville. He wrote his best works when he was 15–18 years old. He was restless and moved around the world a lot. He was homosexual. He died of bone cancer just after his 37th birthday.



Elisée Reclus

Élisée Reclus (March 15, 1830–July 4, 1905), also known as Jean Jacques Élisée Reclus, was a French geographer and anarchist.

He was born at Sainte-Foy-la-Grande (Gironde). He was the second son of a Protestant priest, who had a family of fourteen children. His education, begun in Rhenish Prussia, was continued in the Protestant college of Montauban, and completed at the university of Berlin, where he followed a long course of geography under Karl Ritter.

After 1851, he spent the next six years (1852–1857) visiting the British Isles, the United States, Central America, and Colombia. On his return to Paris he contributed to the "Revue des deux mondes", the "Tour du monde" and other papers, with a large number of articles about geography.

In 1867–1868 he published "La Terre; description des phénomènes de la vie du globe", in two volumes.During the 1870 siege of Paris, he was in the National Guard, while as a member of the Association Nationale des Travailleurs he published in the "Cri du Peuple" an article against the government of Versailles in support of the Paris Commune of 1871.Continuing to serve in the National Guard, now in open revolt, he was taken prisoner on April 5. On November 16, he was sentenced to transportation for life; but, after changed to a ban as an exile.

Reclus also visited Italy, and Switzerland, where he wrote many articles about geography.

In 1882 Reclus initiated the Anti-Marriage Movement. After this was followed by government prosecutions, instituted in the High Court of Lyon, against the anarchists, members of the International Association, of which Reclus and the other anarchist Kropotkin were designated as the two "leaders" of organization. Piotr Kropotkin was arrested and condemned to five years’ imprisonment, but Reclus, being resident in Switzerland, escaped.

After 1892 he taught in university of Brussels, and contributed in many journals about science and geography.

Some articles wrote by Reclus:

Reclus died at Torhout, near Bruges.



Marianna

Marianna can be one of the following:


Skjaldbreiður

Skjaldbreiður(Skyald-bray-thur) is a volcano in Iceland. It is 1,060 metres tall, and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter. Skjaldbreiður translated in English means broad shield and is the name for shield volcano.

Michael Emerson

Michael Emerson (born September 7, 1954) is an American theatre, television, and movie actor. He won an "Outstanding Guest Actor" Emmy in 2001 for a part on "The Practice". He is best known for playing Zep Hindle in the 2004 movie "Saw" and Ben Linus in the television series "Lost".

Emerson was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and grew up in the nearby town of Toledo, Iowa. He studied theater and art at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, and graduated in 1976. He then moved to New York City. He had trouble finding work as an actor so he took retail jobs and worked as a freelance illustrator. In 1986, he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville, Florida. In Jacksonville, between 1986 to 1993, he was in local productions, and worked as a teacher and director.

Emerson thought about not being an actor and being a teacher instead, because it is a more stable job. He decided to go back to school and get a Master of Fine Arts. He thought it might help him meet theatre professionals and directors. 

Emerson's first big role was in 1997. He starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman's play, "Gross Indecency: The Trials of Oscar Wilde," and then was in many other plays. In 1998, he acted with Uma Thurman in the off-Broadway production of "The Misanthrope". In 1999, he played the part of Willie Oban in "The Iceman Cometh" with Kevin Spacey. He co-starred with Kate Burton in both "Give Me Your Answer, Do!" and "Hedda Gabler".

In movies and television, Emerson played somewhat dangerous, damaged characters. He played the roles so that the character would seem mysterious. In 2001, he won an Emmy Award as "Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series", for playing the (fictional) confessed serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of "The Practice".

One of Emerson's most well-known works was in 2004, as the character Zep Hindle in the horror movie "Saw". In 2006, Emerson began guest-starring on the television series "Lost" as Henry Gale/Ben Linus . He was originally planned to be in a small number of episodes, but he returned for season 3 as a main cast member. In 2007, he was nominated for another Emmy Award for his work on the series.

Battle of Chantilly

The Battle of Chantilly happened on September 1, 1862, in Fairfax County, Virginia. It was the last battle of the Northern Virginia Campaign during the American Civil War. The battle had two names: the Union side called it the "Battle of Chantilly" and the Confederates called it the "Battle of Ox Hill".

Confederate General Robert E. Lee had just won the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 29. The Union Army, commanded by John Pope, started retreating north towards Washington, D.C. Lee wanted to destroy Pope's army. He sent Thomas J. Jackson's corps to march around Pope's army in order to capture the road to Washington. If the Confederates captured the road, Pope would have been surrounded and be forced to surrender.

On September 1, Pope found out where Jackson was. He sent Jesse L. Reno with two divisions to attack Jackson. Jackson had stopped on Ox Hill, which was near the Chantilly Plantation. He decided to stop there because he found Pope's army was farther north than he expected.

The first Union commander to arrive at Ox Hill was Isaac Stevens. He decided to attack Jackson's men about 5 p.m. At the same time, a thunderstorm broke out and made some of the solders's ammunition too wet to fire. Many men had to fight with bayonets. Stevens's division made part of the Confederate army retreat. But the Confederates counterattacked and forced Steven's division retreat. During the attack, Stevens was killed.

After Stevens' s attack failed, Philip Kearny's division arrived. Kearny tried to attack the Confederates but he was killed too. After sunset, the Union soldiers retreated from the battlefield.

The Union army lost about 1,000 casaulties in the battle. The Confederates lost about 500 to 600 casualties. Pope continued retreating to Washington on September 2.


Jörg Haider

Jörg Haider (26 January 1950 – 11 October, 2008) was an Austrian politician who was often said to be off right-populism ("rechtspopulist"). He was born in Bad Goisern, Upper Austria, and died in Köttmannsdorf near Klagenfurt, Carinthia, Austria.

At the age of 29 he became the youngest member of the Austrian parliament and in 1989 the Governor of Carinthia for the first time.

Haider led the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) to great success so that in 1999 the party reached the second most votes with 27% behind the SPÖ with 33% and could form a coalition with the Austrian People's Party ÖVP (having for the first time only the third most votes) making Wolfgang Schüssel Chancellor of Austria.

Haider passed his leading position to other party members so that a coalition could take place and returned to Carinthia to work as Governor.

In 2004 Haider was re-elected as Governor of Carinthia. One year later the leading members of the FPÖ as well as their party members in the government together with Jörg Haider (as their new head) founded a new Party, the BZÖ. In 2006 the BZÖ party reached the 4% (that time lea by P. Westenthaler) in the Austrian elections and so became part of the Parliament with 7 representatives. For the snap elections in September 2008 he was voted unanimously in his party for the leading position and ran as candidate again for the elections. The party gained 10.7% and therefore could rise its seats 3 times now having 21 representatives under the lead of Jörg Haider. However Haider promised before the votes toke place to remain Governor as he would have only changed to become Chancellor. There were possibilities to build a government with Jörg Haider as chancellor (Haider already managed to form a coalition where the ÖVP under Schüssel with the 3rd most votes got the Chancellor) or at least the BZÖ represented in the government. For this a coalition of BZÖ with FPÖ and ÖVP was necessary, however Haider never got into this position.

On 11 October 2008, Haider died in a traffic accident near the town of Klagenfurt. He was returning home after an event that had taken place earlier. Many people living in Carinthia in reaction to his death, left public offerings as flowers, candles, cards and personal messages, Austrian singer and intendant Harald Serafin called the tragic death even an "Austro-Lady-Diana-Story".

Egyptian Museum

The Egyptian Museum, formally known as the Museum of Egyptian Antiquities, is a museum in Cairo, Egypt, which has a large collection of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world. It has 120,000 items. The museum's Royal Mummy Room, shows some mummies of New Kingdom kings and queens.

Another large museum of Egyptian antiquities is Egyptian Museum of Turin, which is the only museum other than the Cairo Museum that is dedicated only to Egyptian art and culture.


Yagan

Yagan (c. 1795–11 July 1833) was a Noongar warrior who played an important part in early indigenous Australian resistance to European settlement and rule in the area of Perth, Western Australia. 

Yagan was the son of Midgigoroo, one of the elders of the tribe who lived in the Perth area. Yagan was blamed for spearing cattle near the Swan River. There were not many cattle in the new colony and food was scarce. Yagan's taking of the settlers animals and food supplies was seen as a very serious crime. After a European was killed, the military started a search for Yagan. He was found after four months and sent to Carnac Island. He escaped after six weeks. One of the soldiers who had got to know him on Carnac Island, compared him to William Wallace.

Yagan's brother was killed in April 1833 while trying to steal flour from a cart. Yagan, Midgigoroo and several others attacked another cart and killed the drivers. They were declared outlaws, which meant they had no legal rights and could be killed by anyone. A reward of £30 was offered for their capture. Midgigoroo was soon captured and executed. Two months later, on 11 July 1833 a shepherd, William Keates, shot and killed Yagan. Keates was killed soon afterwards in another fight with the Aborigines, and his brother claimed the reward for the capture of Yagan. Yagan's head was cut off and sent to England for display. 

After a long search his remains were rediscovered in an unmarked grave in Liverpool and returned to Australia in 1997. On 10 July 2010, Yangar was reburied in Perth, at a site now called the Yagan Memorial Park. The park is on the site where Yagan was killed in 1833.

Osaka University

Osaka University is a national university of Japan. It was started in 1869. It is in Osaka. It has 11 departments.



Daytona 500

The Daytona 500 is an auto race held in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is the opening event of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Daytona has hosted racing for many years. Originally cars raced on the beach, but in 1959, race officials built the Daytona International Speedway, where the race has been held ever since. The Daytona track hosts many other races as well. The Daytona 500 is considered the most important event in NASCAR.

The Daytona 500 has many memories, the winners receive a Harley J. Earl Trophy every year at the end of every race, The trophy is not the only one awarded to the event, The crew chief of the teams receives the Cannonball trophy, a trophy by Cannonball Baker.

Eventually, the race was held in 1959, It was the second 500-mile NASCAR race, following the Southern 500, By 1961, the race was referred as the Daytona 500.

At Daytona, the cars pile up in multi-car wrecks, known as The Big One.

Beat 'em up games

Beat 'em up games are video games where the player beats up bad guys while walking through levels. Sometimes the player has to beat up certain bad guys to progress through the game. Most of the time, these games have level bosses which are usually at the end of the level. Examples of "beat-em up" games are arcade games like "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and "The Simpsons". "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" also has a "beat-em up" part in the game where the player fights bad guys from the Subspace Emissary and fights other characters as well in order to beat the levels.

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky () is a city in Russia. Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky is the administrative, industrial and cultural center of Kamchatka Krai. Population: 181,181 (2019).

The city lies on the Pacific coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.

It was founded by Vitus Bering in 1740 and was named after ships the "St. Peter" and the "St. Paul".

Principal industry is fishing.


Institute of volcanology and seismology of Far East Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences is located in the city.

Climate is mild. Annual average temperature is +2,8 °C.

Perspective

Perspective may mean:
Literally, in visual topics:

Metaphorically, in relation to cognitive topics:

Proper names:

In mathematics:


Perspective (graphical)

In graphic arts, perspective is the representation of how an image is seen by the eye. It was first invented by Filippo Brunelleschi. It is about how the angle and distance of a three-dimensional object is represented on a flat surface. To create a real scene, objects are drawn smaller to show that they are farther away from the person looking at the artwork. The dimensions of an object are also drawn differently depending where the line of sight is. The size of an object's dimensions along the line of sight are usually drawn shorter than dimensions across the line of sight. This is called foreshortening, and is used to create the appearance of three dimensions on a flat surface.

Landscape paintings have a horizon line. This line represents objects that are infinitely far away. They have shrunk, in the distance, like objects on the Earth's horizon. Changing the height of the horizon level changes the view point for the picture. A person lying on the ground and looking up would have a different view to a person on a ladder looking down.

Perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle (the painting), to the viewer's eye. It is similar to a viewer looking through a window and painting what is seen directly onto the windowpane. If viewed from the same spot as the windowpane was painted, the painted image would be identical to what was seen through the unpainted window. Each painted object in the scene is a flat, scaled down version of the object on the other side of the window. 



Graphic arts

Graphic arts is a term that was used for the art of printmaking and drawing. Today it means the skills of a graphic designer or print technician. Graphic arts as a trade can be traced back to the first instances of the stamped image or word.

Graphic art is an artistic process of creating a design where one uses a medium (like rubber or plexiglas) and transfers the image to a material (like paper).



Print

Print may mean:


Cylinder (engine)

A cylinder is the central working part of an engine, the space in which a piston travels. Mostly several cylinders are arranged side by side in an "engine block". 


Cylinder (disambiguation)

A cylinder is a three-dimensional geometric shape. Cylinder may also refer to:






Stanley, Iowa

Stanley is a city in the Buchanan and Fayette counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. There were 81 people living in Stanley as of the year 2020. The city has an area of 0.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

List of cities in Iowa

The following is a list of cities in the state of Iowa, by letter:


























Les Bois

Les Bois is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Les Breuleux

Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

La Chaux-des-Breuleux

La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Abrams, Wisconsin

Abrams is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States. 1,757 people were living in Abrams as of the 2000 Census.

The town has an area of 37.6 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Les Enfers

Les Enfers is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Ackley, Wisconsin

Ackley is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 510 people living in Ackley as of the 2000 Census. The town came into being on March 4, 1879.

The town has an area of 70.9 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Epauvillers

Epauvillers is a village and former municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne, Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs.

Eichsfeld (district)

Eichsfeld is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany, and is part of the historical region of Eichsfeld. 

In medieval times, the district of Eichsfeld was much largaer than the present rural district and was owned by the Archbishops of Mainz.

Eichsfeld was the only part of Thuringia not to accept the Protestant Reformation, mostly because of the efforts of the Archbishop of Mainz.

In 1801, the clerical states were dissolved, and Prussia took over. 

The present district was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of Worbis and Heiligenstadt.


Gotha (district)

Gotha is a Kreis (rural district) in the middle of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was made on October 1, 1922, when the newly created state of Thuringia was divided into 15 rural districts () and 9 district free cities ().

Since 1990 the district has had a partnership with Main-Kinzig Rural District in Hesse, Germany.



Schwabhausen, Thuringia

Schwabhausen is a municipality in Gotha Rural District, Thuringia. It is not part of any verwaltungsgemeinschaft.

Adams (town), Wisconsin

Adams can be one of these places in the U.S. state of Wisconsin:


Adams, Adams County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 1,267 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The City of Adams can be found inside of the town. The town has an area of 50.6 square miles, says to the United States Census Bureau.

Adams, Green County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 464 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 36.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

The first settlers were Cornish lead miners. They were followed by settlers from New England, Ireland, Switzerland, and Norway. The town has been the home of a Lutheran and a Catholic parish. Saint Francis Catholic Church was made by Catholic immigrants from Ireland. Later, the parish joined with Saint Joseph Catholic Church in Argyle, Wisconsin. The church was later torn down. Only the cemetery is still there.

Adams, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 1,208 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 37.0 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Addison, Wisconsin

Addison is a town in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 3,341 people living in Addison as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 36.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Into the Wild (Warriors)

Into the Wild is the first book in the "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin" series. It was written by Victoria Holmes and Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. It was published on 21 January 2003.

Rusty is an ordinary house cat who dreams of living in the wild. One night, he decides to explore the nearby forest. Before he goes, he is warned by his friend, Smudge, that the forest is filled with dangerous wild cats. Rusty goes into the forest anyway, and meets the leader of ThunderClan, Bluestar. Bluestar is the leader of one of the four wild cat Clans living in the nearby forest. He decides to accept her invitation to join her Clan and becomes Firepaw, an apprentice of ThunderClan. The other Clan cats are initially reluctant to accept Firepaw because of his house cat origins, but he slowly earns a place in the Clan.

Firepaw becomes friends with the apprentices Graypaw and Ravenpaw, and falls in love with the Clan's medicine cat (a Clan healer with spiritual abilities) Spottedleaf. He learns to hunt and fight, and he learns about Clan traditions. He finds another friend in Yellowfang, an old and grumpy medicine cat who was exiled from ShadowClan and taken into ThunderClan.

The four Clans, ThunderClan, WindClan, ShadowClan, and RiverClan, fight with each other to occupy hunting grounds. In a battle that takes place right before Firepaw joins ThunderClan, the ThunderClan deputy (second-in-command), Redtail, dies. Firepaw later learns from Ravenpaw that the former deputy was not killed by an enemy Clan, but by Tigerclaw, a ThunderClan warrior. Tigerclaw killed Redtail because he wanted to be deputy instead. Tigerclaw knows that Ravenpaw saw him kill Redtail, so Firepaw and Graypaw help Ravenpaw escape the forest to live on a farm, because Tigerclaw plans to kill Ravenpaw for knowing his secret.

After driving out WindClan for more hunting territory, ShadowClan tries to drive out ThunderClan, leading to a battle. The new deputy, Lionheart, is killed during the fight, and Tigerclaw is named deputy. After this, Clawface of ShadowClan kills Spottedleaf, and steals some ThunderClan kits. Everyone believes that it was Yellowfang who took the kits, because she disappeared the moment the kits were discovered missing. Firepaw and Graypaw, follow Yellowfang's scent to ShadowClan territory, to find out the truth about Spottedleaf and the missing kits. Together, with some help from within ShadowClan, they drive out Brokenstar, the evil leader of ShadowClan. Yellowfang, having proved her loyalty, becomes ThunderClan's new medicine cat, while Firepaw and Graypaw are made warriors (full members of the Clan) and receive their warrior names, Fireheart and Graystripe.

Critical density

Critical density is the value at which the Universe is at balance, and expansion is stopped. This value is estimated as (1~3)×10^-26 kg/m³ and it’s calculated when you take the matter-energy density of the universe and divide it by the matter-energy density of the universe that is required to achieve that balance.

This is related to the cosmic density parameter in many ways; this term describes the ratio of the actual density value of the Universe to the critical density value. If the ratio is one, then the Universe is at balance, and the Universe is flat and will expand forever. If the ratio is greater than one, then the actual density of the Universe is greater than the critical density, and thus the Universe will eventually become closed and will ultimately end up collapsing in on it self. If the ratio is less than one, then the actual density is less than the critical density, and the Universe is open and expands forever in every direction.

Non-Euclidean geometry

Non-Euclidean geometry is a type of geometry. Non-Euclidean geometry only uses some of the "postulates" (assumptions) that Euclidean geometry is based on. In normal geometry, parallel lines can never meet. In non-Euclidean geometry they can meet, either infinitely many times (elliptic geometry), or never (hyperbolic geometry).

An example of Non-Euclidian geometry can be seen by drawing lines on a ball or other round object, straight lines that are parallel at the equator can meet at the poles.

It is called "Non-Euclidean" because it is different from Euclidean geometry, which was discovered by an Ancient Greek mathematician called Euclid. The different names for non-Euclidean geometries came from thinking of "straight" lines as curved lines, either curved inwards like an ellipse, or outwards like a hyperbola.

The first authors of non-Euclidean geometries were the Hungarian mathematician János Bolyai and the Russian mathematician Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, who separately published treatises on hyperbolic geometry around 1830. As well Eugenio Beltrami published book on non-Eucludean geometry in 1868. Others, such as Carl Friedrich Gauss, had earlier ideas, but did not publish their ideas at the time.

Miranda de Ebro

Miranda de Ebro is a city in Spain. It is the second biggest city in Burgos province, in the region of Castile and León. It is an important industrial center, with a population of 39,589 people (2009).

The river which runs through the city is the Ebro.


Julia Fischer

Julia Fischer (born 15 June 1983) is a German violinist and pianist.

Julia Fischer, born in Munich, is of German-Slovakian parentage. Her mother came from the German minority in Slovakia and emigrated from Košice in Slovakia to the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972. Her German father moved in the same year from Eastern Saxony to West Germany.

In fall 2004 the label PentaTone released Julia Fischer's first CD: Russian violin concertos with Yakov Kreizberg and the Russian National Orchestra.

Julia Fischer began her studies before her fourth birthday, when she received her first violin lesson from Helge Thelen; a few months later she started studying the piano with her mother Viera Fischer. Fischer said, "my mother's a pianist and I wanted to play the piano as well, but as my elder brother also played the piano, she thought it would be nice to have another instrument in the family. I agreed to try out the violin and stayed with it." She began her formal violin education at the Leopold Mozart Conservatory in Augsburg. At the age of nine Julia Fischer went to the Munich Academy of Music. 

Among the most prestigious competitions that Julia Fischer has won are the International Yehudi Menuhin Violin Competition under Lord Yehudi Menuhin's supervision, where she won both the first prize and the special prize for best Bach solo work performance in 1995 and the Eighth Eurovision Competition for Young Instrumentalists in 1996, which was broadcast in 22 countries from Lisbon. In 1997 Julia Fischer was awarded the “Prix d‘Espoir” by the Foundation of European Industry. She recently had the opportunity to play Mozart's own violin in the room in which he was born at Salzburg to honour his 250th birthday.

Her repertoire (from Bach to Penderecki, from Vivaldi to Shostakovich), contains over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music.

At the moment she plays on a Guadagnini (See link below) made in 1750 which she bought in summer 2004.
For four years since 2000, she had been using a Stradivarius, the 1716 Booth, on loan from Nippon Music Foundation. Before she had the Strad, she played a Guarneri del Gesù and a Gagliano. She uses two bows, one a copy of the Heifetz Tourte by the Viennese maker Thomas Gerbeth, the other a French bow which she uses when she needs to send the Tourte bow away to be rehaired.

Julia Fischer has won five prizes for her violin playing and three prizes for her piano playing a.o. at "Jugend musiziert". She won all eight competitions she entered.


After releasing ten CDs for PentaTone her eleventh CD was released by Decca.

She considers Maxim Vengerov, Evgeny Kissin, and Glenn Gould to be among her greatest influences. 

Mother: Viera Fischer, maiden name Krenková, born in Nové Zámky Slovakia, pianist
Father: Frank-Michael Fischer, a university-educated mathematician


Interstate H-1

Interstate H-1 (or H-1) is the most important interstate highway in Hawaii, United States, located on the island of O‘ahu. The road sees more traffic than any other interstate in Hawaii. Despite the number, this is an east-west highway–the 'H'-series (for Hawaii) numbering is done in the order in which routes were given money and built. H-1 goes from Route 93 (Farrington Highway) in Kapolei to Route 72 (Kalanianaole Highway) in Kāhala. East of Middle Street in Honolulu (exit 19A), H-1 is called the Lunalilo Freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in the center of Honolulu. West of Middle Street, H-1 called the Queen Liliʻuokalani Freeway; this name is shown on some roadmaps. It is the west-most interstate highway in the United States. The route is long.

Interstate H-2

Interstate H-2 (abbreviated H-2) is an intrastate interstate highway located on the island of O‘ahu in Hawai‘i, USA. H-2 is also known as the Veterans Memorial Freeway. Despite the number, this is a north–south interstate–the 'H'-series (for Hawaii) numbering reflects the order in which routes were given money and built. Its southern terminus is at Interstate H-1 in Pearl City, and its northern terminus is at Wilikina Drive (Route 99) in Wahiawā near Schofield Barracks and Wheeler Army Airfield. The route is long.

Interstate H-3

Interstate H-3 is a highway in the American state of Hawaii. It begins at the Halawa Interchange with Interstates H-1 and H-201. The highway then runs along a viaduct through Halawa Valley for about 6 miles. It then goes through the Tetsuo Harano Tunnels through the Koolau Mountains. Once on the eastern end of the tunnel, the highway follows a viaduct built along the side of Haiku Valley until the Kaneohe Interchange with state route 63 (Likelike Highway) which leads into the town of Kaneohe. The highway then continues to the Halekou Interchange with state route 83 (Kamehameha Highway). Four miles farther, it reaches the main gate of Marine Corps Base Hawaii. The route is long.

Mike Shinoda

Michael Kenji "Mike" Shinoda (born February 11, 1977) is a Japanese-American musician, record producer, and artist from Agoura Hills, California. He is famous for being the rapper, keyboard and piano player, vocalist and rhythm guitarist of Linkin Park, and his side project, Fort Minor. He also does artwork, production and mixing for both groups.

Mike Shinoda has been married to children's author Anna Hillinger since May 10, 2003. The couple have three children.

Toyota Corolla

The Toyota Corolla is a sedan automobile made by Toyota since 1966. The Corolla was the best-selling car worldwide by 1974 and has been one of the most popular models in America since then. It is famous for its high fuel economy. 

It was first sold in America in 1968. The Corolla is made in many countries all around the world including the United States. The Corolla once had a twin called the Sprinter and it was sold by Chevrolet in the United States as the Nova and Geo Prizm in the 1980s and 1990s. The Corolla is Toyota's best selling car besides the Hi-Lux pickup truck and the bigger Toyota Camry.

Toyota Hilux

The (sometimes written as HiLux or in the past called the Hi-Lux, in North America since 1976 called the Toyota Truck, Toyota Pickup Truck, or Toyota Compact Truck, or sometimes in North America since 1995 the Toyota Tacoma) is a compact pickup truck sold by Toyota. Toyota has been building the Hilux since 1968. New versions have been made at least every decade since then. The most recent big change was in 2015, and the most recent small change was in 2017.

The Toyota Hilux is well known for being used by militants such as ISIL. The Hilux is also seen as the AK-47 of cars according to former army ranger Andrew Exum. The Hilux also has been used by militaries for combat such as in the 1980's Toyota War. 

Suzuki








"All Maruti models since the Esteem are referred as Maruti Suzuki"

















"All Maruti models since the Esteem are referred as Maruti Suzuki"









 clio

Fair trade

Fair trade is a social movement which tries to help people who make things in developing countries. The movement helps people to work in better conditions and helps them get more money for what they make. These things give workers the opportunity to improve their lives and plan for their future, and they help reduce poverty. The movement also tries to keep the environment the same or improve the state that it is in. it is a way to help poverty

Fair trade helps people in developing countries sell to people in developed countries. Things that are sold in international trade include handicrafts and other manufactured goods, agricultural products such as grains, coffee, cocoa, sugar, tea, bananas, honey, cotton, quinoa, fresh fruit, chocolate, wine and flowers, and minerals such as iron and petroleum.

Merchandise that has fair trade status must be given a fair trade certificate. This says it follows rules about fairness to workers and the environment. This will mean the product can put the Fairtrade symbol on their packaging if they earn the certificate.



728 Leonisis

728 Leonisis is an asteroid of the Flora family, found by Johann Palisa in 1912 in Vienna. Its provisional name was 1912 NU.

Astronomers are not sure what its spectral class is. It has been previously placed in the rare A and L classes. These are generally "stony" spectra, but with significant differences from the usual S-type. The unusual spectrum brings Leonisis' membership in the Flora family into doubt.


David C. Jewitt

David C. Jewitt is a Professor of astronomy at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy. He was born in 1958 in England, and graduated from the University of London in 1979.

Metamorphic

Metamorphic is a word from Greek that means "after change." It can also be any of the following:


Mains hum

Mains hum is a signal at a nominal 50 or 60 Hz, depending on local alternating current frequency, and usually some harmonic content. The changing magnetic flux caused by the mains current links with the windings of the pickup, inducing a voltage by transformer action.

Epiquerez

Epiquerez was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Epiquerez, Epauvillers, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs.

Les Genevez

Les Genevez is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Goumois

Goumois was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.

Lajoux

Lajoux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Greiz (district)

Greiz is a Landkreis (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

Historically the area of the district was part of the "Vogtland", named after the title "Vogt" given to the local rulers in the 13th century. Only two lines of the "Reuß" family survived from that time, with one principality based in Greiz, and the other in Gera and Schleiz. In 1919 both were merged into the "Volksstaat Reuß" (People's State of Reuss), which then became part of Thuringia in 1920.

A subcamp of the Buchenwald concentration camp was located at Berga/Elster during World War II. The SS made inmates dig tunnels and lay railway tracks for the Schwalbe V project.

The district in its current form was created on July 1, 1994, when the districts Gera-Land, Zeulenroda and the previous district Greiz were merged.

Sights in the district Greiz:

Museums in the district Greiz:


Montfaucon, Switzerland

Montfaucon is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into the municipality of Montfaucon.

Montfavergier

Montfavergier was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into the municipality of Montfaucon.

Muriaux

Muriaux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Le Peuchapatte merged into the municipality of Muriaux.

Le Noirmont

Le Noirmont is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Le Peuchapatte

Le Peuchapatte was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Le Peuchapatte merged into the municipality of Muriaux.

Les Pommerats

Les Pommerats was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.

Saignelégier

Saignelégier is a municipality in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is the seat of the district of Franches-Montagnes. 

The bog and nature preserve around étang de la Gruère is in the municipality.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.


Saint-Brais

Saint-Brais is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Soubey

Soubey is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Hildburghausen (district)

Hildburghausen is a district in Thuringia, Germany. It covers most of the same territory as the old Ernestine duchy of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

The coat of arms displays:



Ilm-Kreis

Ilm-Kreis is a district in Thuringia, Germany.

In medieval times the territory was ruled by the counts of Henneberg and the princes of Schwarzburg, two local dynasties. While Ilmenau was ruled by Henneberg, Arnstadt belonged to Schwarzburg. When the Henneberg family became extinct in 1583, Ilmenau was acquired by Saxony. The principality of Schwarzburg was split up between family members into several tiny states. One of those states (Schwarzburg-Arnstadt) was based in Arnstadt; it was founded in 1574 and existed until 1716, when it became part of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen. It became part of Thuringia when the Freestate of Thuringia was founded in 1920.

The district was founded in 1920 (under the name Arnstadt); it was divided in 1952 into the districts of Arnstadt and Ilmenau, but joined together again in 1994.

Adrian, Wisconsin

Adrian is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 682 people living in Adrian as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 35.3 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Agenda, Wisconsin

Agenda is a town in Ashland County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 513 people living in Agenda as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 89.5 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Wizard's First Rule

Wizard's First Rule is a book written by Terry Goodkind. It is the first book in the epic fantasy series called "The Sword of Truth". It was published by Tor Books on August 15, 1994 as a hardcover book, meaning the book was made with a hard cover. The paperback book was released on July 15, 1997. A special version of the book was released on June 23, 2001. It featured art on the cover by Keith Parkinson. This special version was also a paperback version of the book.


The main character in "Wizard’s First Rule" is Richard Cypher. Richard is a woods guide who lives in the area of the world called Westland. Westland is the only part of the world that contains no magic. Westland is set apart from the other lands of the world by a very evil magic boundary. The boundary stops anyone from coming through into the Westland from the Midlands. As a woods guide, Richard leads important political people through the woods to wherever they need to go in Westland. Richard has a brother called Michael Cypher. He is the First Coucilor of Westland. 

Richard's father, George Cypher, was mysteriously killed in the beginning of the book. Because of this, Richard entered a state of sadness. When Richard finds out about an interesting vine left in a jar for him by his dead father, Richard decides to go into the forest to try to find the vine. This leads him to help a traveller escape from 4 men that are chasing her through the forest. The traveller is called Kahlan Amnell, and the people she is running from are called a quad. 

Richard saves Kahlan from the quad. After saving Kahlan, Richard learns that he had just helped someone who had come through the boundary. Before then, it was not heard of for someone to come through the boundary. Richard finds out that Kahlan is looking for the First Wizard. Richard feels that she is in need of help. Because of this, Richard takes Kahlan to his best friend, Zedd.

When he goes to visit his friend, Richard learns that his friend, Zedd, has kept many secrets from him. Richard finds out that Zedd is really the wizard that Kahlan has been looking for. 

Kahlan tells Zedd about some of the events that are taking place in the Midlands. Darken Rahl, who is the villain in the book, is leading an army against the Midlands. After hearing of these events, Zedd decides that Richard is the true Seeker. In doing so, Zedd gives Richard the Sword of Truth. Zedd then decided that they need to cross the boundary to stop Darken Rahl from conquering the world using the magic of the boxes of Orden. 

Richard finds out that the boxes of Orden hold the power of life and death. He also finds out that Darken Rahl needs 3 boxes and needs to open them in the correct order using the information written in the Book of Counted Shadows. Richard was taught the Book of Counted Shadows as a little boy by his father. 

Richard then finds a way through the boundary thanks to his friend, Chase. Chase is a boundary warden. Boundary wardens are officials who keep people from getting too close to the boundary. Chase tells Richard that there is a pass through the boundary. Chase leads them to the pass.

Along the way to the pass, Richard and his friends are attacked by underworld creatures. This encounter leaves both Zedd and Chase in a state of sleep. Soon after this event takes place, Richard and Kahlan reach the home of Adie. Adie is a bone sorcereress, and is the only one who can tell Richard and Kahlan how to get through the boundary. They leave Zedd and Chase in Adie's care, and cross through the boundary. 

After they cross into the Midlands, Richard finds out that the Mud People are the only people who knows where the box of Orden is that they need to stop Darken Rahl from taking over the world. After teaching the Mud People how to make roofs that do not leak, they give Ricahrd the information he needs. 

The book then follows Zedd, Kahlan, Richard, and Chase, as they try to keep the box of Orden from Darken Rahl, who is trying to take over the world.

People will believe a lie either because they want to believe it's true or because they are afraid it might be true.
This rule was a big part of the story and it was also the way that Richard ends up killing Darken Rahl at the end of the book.


Dietary fiber

Dietary fiber is the part of food from plants that cannot be digested. Dietary fiber helps to absorb water or remove waste from the body. Dietary fiber has many parts that plants have, and is eaten in plant foods.

Dietary fiber includes substances like cellulose, wax and lignin, among others. The term "fiber" is not the best way to describe it, because many of these substances are not actually fibers.

Dietary Fiber is grouped if it is soluble or insoluble. Soluble means if it helps to absorb water or not. If it is insoluble, it helps remove wastes from the body.

Henry Ian Cusick

Henry Ian Cusick (born April 17, 1967) is an Emmy Award-nominated Scottish-Peruvian actor of stage, television, and movies.

Cusick was born in Trujillo, Peru to a Peruvian mother and a Scottish father. He lived in Trinidad and Tobago for 10 years. He went to high school there at Presentation College. He can speak both English and Spanish. Cusick spent six months at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow. After that he joined the Citizens' Theatre.

Cusick's first leading roles at the Citizens' Theatre were Dorian Gray in "The Picture of Dorian Gray" with Rupert Everett, Hamlet in "The Marovitz Hamlet" with Helen Baxendale, and Horner in "The Country Wife".

His performances as Torquato Tasso in the Edinburgh International Festival production of "Torquato Tasso", and Creon in the Citizens' Theatre production of "Oedipus" earned him a special commendation for the Ian Charleson Award 1995 for "Outstanding Performance by a Young Actor in a Classical Theatre Role". He was nominated for an Emmy for his guest role as Desmond Hume on the television series "Lost". He joined the main cast of "Lost" in season 2. He was also in two episodes of season 5 of "24".

Bo Pelini

Mark "Bo" Pelini (born December 13, 1967) is the head football coach at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. Before that, he was the defensive coordinator for the LSU Tigers. On December 2, 2007, one day after coaching in the 2007 SEC Championship Game, Pelini was named as head coach at Nebraska by athletic director Tom Osborne.

Super Smash Bros. (series)

Super Smash Bros. (also known as SSB, Smash Bros. or Smash) is a fighting game franchise created by Nintendo. There are five titles in total and features a wide cast of characters from Nintendo. Some of them were featured from third-party games. It has been incredibly successful and has garnered a large competitive electronic sports community.

"Super Smash Bros." was first released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64. The game later got four sequels: "Super Smash Bros. Melee" for the Nintendo GameCube in 2001, "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" for the Wii in 2008, "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U in 2014, and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" for Nintendo Switch in 2018.

One of the options in the series uses typical health points, as in most fighting games, but the standard option in most entries is that each fighter in "Super Smash Bros." has a percent value. Each fighter starts at 0 percent. When a fighter is hit, they take damage by raising this percent value. The higher that the percent value is, the easier it will be to knock them off the map. The goal of the game is to knock your opponent off of the stage a certain amount of times. Each game in the series has a wide variety of playable stages, characters and game modes. At the beginning of the game, players are limited to a smaller cast of characters to choose from, but can unlock the rest of the characters by completing certain tasks, achievements or just after playing for long enough. The characters have different abilities and attacks, but are used by pushing the same buttons—A is for normal attacks, and B is for special abilities or attacks (such as hitting harder or shooting things). These buttons can be used be used in combination with tilting the analog stick in different directions to use different variations of these abilities or different attacks entirely. Normal attacks used with a quickly flicked analog stick can be used to pull off a smash attack (a powerful attack, usually used for launching your opponent off the stage). The controller triggers can be used to shield, which blocks damage from opponents for a few seconds, until it breaks. Players can also use the controller triggers to grab opponents and throw them. A combination of different attacks and abilities can be used to pull off a combo, where the player traps the opponent in a combination of attacks for high damage. There are many complex techniques and tier lists created by the competitive community of the Super Smash Bros. series.

In some game modes, players can use randomly appearing items to help them damage or KO their opponent. Some of these items include bombs, peaches, baseball bats, assist trophies (which temporarily produces an AI character that attacks opponents), and Smash Balls (which allows the player to unleash a powerful Final Smash attack). Players can choose stages to play on. Most of the stages are based on places in other Nintendo games, such as "Mario", "Donkey Kong", "The Legend of Zelda" and "EarthBound", but others (such as the Final Destination stage) are from "Super Smash Bros." In later games, player also have the choice to choose out of 3 different stage versions for every stage. These include the default stage, an Omega version (which turns off items, removes obstacles and makes the stage perfectly flat, so that the stage mimics the Final Destination stage) and a Battlefield version (which turns off items, makes the stage perfectly flat but adds three static platforms above it, so that the stage mimics the Battlefield stage). This feature has been added due to the popularity of using no items on a relatively empty stage in competitive tournaments of the games.

The Smash Bros. series has many characters from many different video games. Most of these are from Nintendo games. Starting with Super Smash Bros. Brawl, characters that were not from Nintendo games were added, such as Solid Snake and Sonic the Hedgehog.

There are many stages in Super Smash Bros. Many characters have stages and some stages aren't tied to a character at all.

John Heartfield

John Heartfield (June 19, 1891 in Berlin – April 26, 1968 in Berlin) is the English version of the name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld. He started to call himself "Heartfield" in 1916, to criticize the rabid nationalism and anti-British sentiment in Germany during World War I.

In 1918, Heartfield began at the Berlin Dada scene, and the Communist Party of Germany. He was thrown out of the Reichswehr film service because he supported the strike after the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. With George Grosz, he founded "Die Pleite", a satirical magazine. Heartfield started to work for two communist publications: the daily Die Rote Fahne ("The Red Flag")and the weekly Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung (AIZ)("Workers' Illustrated Newspaper"). AIZ published Heartfield's most famous work

In 1933, after the National Socialists came to power in Germany, Heartfield moved to Czechoslovakia, where he continued his photomontage work for the "AIZ" (which was published in exile); in 1938, the Nazis were preparing to invade Czechoslovakia, so he moved to England, and lived in Hampstead, London. After World War II he settled in East Germany, after 1954 he lived in East Berlin and worked closely with theatre directors such as Benno Besson and Wolfgang Langhoff at Berliner Ensemble and Deutsches Theater.

In 2005, Tate Britain held an exhibition of his photomontage pieces.

His photomontages satirising Adolf Hitler and the Nazis often used Nazi symbols such as the swastika to change their propaganda message.

One of his more famous pieces, made in 1935 entitled "Hurrah, die Butter ist Alle!" () was published on the frontpage of the "AIZ" in 1935. The photomontage shows a family at a kitchen table, where a nearby portrait of Hitler hangs and the wallpaper is covered with swastikas. The family — mother, father, old woman, young man, baby, and dog — are trying to eat pieces of metal, such as chains, bicycle handlebars, and rifles. Below, the title is written in large letters, in addition to a quote by Hermann Goering during food shortage. Translated, the quote reads: ""Iron has always made a nation strong, butter and lard have only made the people fat"". The picture makes fun of a speech Goering made, the quote is shortened to "Guns before butter"

"Hurrah, die Butter ist Alle!" served as the inspiration behind the song "Metal Postcard (Mittageisen)" by Siouxsie & the Banshees; the song was re-recorded in German and released as a single with Heartfield's work as the cover art.

The Heartfield piece "The Hand has 5 Fingers" with its original text: ""5 fingers make a hand! With these 5 grab the enemy!"", was referenced by alternative metal band System of a Down. A text printed on the back of the album "System of a Down" reads: ""The hand has five fingers, capable and powerful, with the ability to destroy as well as create"".




Solenoid

A solenoid is a 3 dimensional structure of wire. When this wire is wrapped around a metallic block in a coil and electricity is passed through it, it has some special magnetic properties. Electromagnetic induction makes it an electromagnet that can be switched on or off. The side in which the current appears to be passing clockwise, is the South Pole, and the side in which the current seems to be passing anticlockwise is the Northern Pole. The solenoid works just like a bar magnet, and therefore has many uses. 

This principle is used to create valves, among other things. Where the solenoid operates an electric switch, it is a relay. 

Pinball machines, vehicles and traditional door bells use solenoids.

Kyffhäuserkreis

Kyffhäuserkreis is a rural district in the northern part of Thuringia, Germany.

In the 12th century there was a castle on the Kyffhäuser mountains, which was built during the reign of emperor Frederick I. According to the local legend, the emperor did not die, but instead went to sleep in this castle.

From 1579 on the region belonged to Saxony, but after 1815 it was divided between the Prussian Province of Saxony and Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.

In 1952 the two districts of Artern and Sondershausen were set up by the East German government. These districts were merged in 1994, with only a few municipalities joining other districts.

The district has a partnership with the district Ahrweiler in Rhineland-Palatinate, which was actually established with the district Artern in 1990.

The district is named after the "Kyffhäuser" mountains. The main river is the Unstrut, which flows through the east of the district.


Nordhausen (district)

Nordhausen is the northernmeost "Landkreis" (rural district) of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1815, when the Prussian province Saxony was created. There were many changes to the boundaries up to 1952, when some municipalities were brought into the district and others left.


Saale-Holzland

Saale-Holzland-Kreis is a "landkreis" (rural district, or county) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of Eisenberg, Jena and Stadtroda. When the district of Stadt rod) was first set up in 1922 it already covered nearly the area of the current district. In 1952 the East German government abolished the federal states ("Bundesländer"), and also split the district into the three parts, which were put together again in 1994.


Saale-Orla

Saale-Orla is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Lobenstein, Pößneck and Schleiz.


Saalfeld-Rudolstadt

Saalfeld-Rudolstadt is a "Landkreis" (district) in the south of Thuringia, Germany.

The district dates back to the "Landratsamt" Saalfeld, which was created in 1868, and in 1922 it was converted into the "Landkreis". Also in 1922 the district Rudolstadt was created. Both districts were merged in the local government changes of 1994.


Schmalkalden-Meiningen

Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the west of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Schmalkalden, Meiningen and part of Suhl-Land.

The district has a partnership with the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, as well as with the Komitat Pest in Hungary.


Sömmerda (district)

Sömmerda is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the north of Thuringia, Germany. 

The district Sömmerda was created in 1952. In 1994 the districts of Thuringia were reorganized, and the district Sömmerda was made a lot bigger by adding municipalities from the old districts Artern and Erfurt-Land.


Ahnapee, Wisconsin

Ahnapee is a town in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 977 people living in Ahanpee as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 31.2 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Electronvolt

The electron-volt or electron volt, symbol eV, is used to measure energy. It is defined as the amount of energy an electron gains after being accelerated by 1 volt of electricity. Joules are used often for energy measurement, but it is sometimes useful to use electron-volts for very small amounts of energy, such as that carried by a single subatomic particle. To convert joules into electron-volts, divide joules by the charge of an electron, which is about 1.602 coulomb.

E.g. 5 J = 5/1.602 5 J = 3.121 eV.

The electronvolt is often used in atomic, nuclear and particle physics. For example, the energy of photons can be measured by the voltage necessary to overcome their photoelectric effect.


Meltingen

Meltingen is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Messen

Messen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Balm bei Messen, Brunnenthal, Messen and Oberramsern merged to form the municipality of Messen.


Metzerlen-Mariastein

Metzerlen-Mariastein is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. 


Mühledorf

Mühledorf can be one of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Mühledorf, Solothurn

Mühledorf was a municipality in the Bucheggberg district in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Mühledorf, Aetingen, Aetigkofen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg and Tscheppach merged into the new municipality of Buchegg.


Kolding

Kolding is a Danish seaport found at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark ("Region of Southern Denmark"). Kolding is a transportation, commercial, and manufacturing centre, and has many industrial companies.

With a population of 86,000 inhabitants, Kolding is the seventh largest in Denmark.

In the Battle of Kolding on December 25, 1658, the alliance of Polish and Danish forces under hetman Stefan Czarniecki defeated the Swedish forces of Charles X Gustav of Sweden.

A battle between German and Danish troops in the town on April 23 1849 during the First War of Schleswig.

On November 3, 2004, N. P. Johnsen's Fireworksfactory in Seest exploded. One firefighter died, 85 people were injured, and around 2000 people were evacuated during this accident in Kolding.


The following cities are sisters of Kolding:


Drammen

Drammen is a city and municipality in the county of Buskerud, Norway. It has a population of 101 000 people. 

Drammen was established as a municipality January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). The rural municipality of Skoger was merged with Drammen January 1, 1964. (And then transferred from the county of Vestfold to the county of Buskerud.)

Drammen is one of the larger cities in Norway, and is about 47 km from the capital of Norway, Oslo. The city centre is at the end of a valley, on both sides of the river Drammenselva, and where the river meets the Drammensfjord. Drammen is also the main city for car and fruit import in Norway.

The Norse form of the name was "Drafn", and this was originally the name of the inner part of Drammensfjord. The fjord is, however, probably named after the river Dramselva (Norse "Dröfn").

<mapframe latitude="59.243415" longitude="10.239258" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" align="right">
</mapframe>The city centre lies at the end of a valley, on both sides of the Drammenselva river, and where the river meets the Drammensfjord. Drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in Norway. The forests around Drammen are called Drammensmarka. In the summer it is a popular area for hiking. In the winter skiing tracks are made and lighting make it cross country skiing possible during the evenings. 





Sonneberg (district)

Sonneberg is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the south of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1868 when districts were created in Saxe-Meiningen. In 1952 part of the district was incorporated into the newly created district Neuhaus am Rennweg. This district was dissolved again in 1994 and the district Sonneberg did regain its old size.


Unstrut-Hainich

Unstrut-Hainich is a "Landkreis" (district) in the north of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was set up on July 1, 1994 by joining the two previous districts of Mühlhausen and Bad Langensalza.

The district has a partnership with the Wetteraukreis in Hesse dating back to the German reunification of 1990. The district also has a partnership with the Lithuanian districts of Ukmerge and Raseiniai.

The district is named after the river Unstrut and a hill chain, the Hainich. The Hainich became the 13th national park of Germany in 1997.


Cecil

Cecil can mean:

Places in the United States of America:

Cecil can also be these people:
Cecil is a prototype-based programming language.

Wartburgkreis

Wartburgkreis is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the west of Thuringia, Germany. The city of Eisenach is nearly completely surrounded by Wartburgbreis.

The district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of Eisenach and Bad Salzungen, and a few municipalities from the district Bad Langensalza. The city of Eisenach left the district in 1998 and became a district-free city.

The district is named after the Wartburg, a castle near Eisenach most famous as Martin Luther's refuge in 1521.


Weimarer Land

Weimarer Land is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany. The district-free city of Weimar is completely enclosed by the district.

The district dates back to the "Großkreis Weimar", which was created in 1922 after the federal state Thuringia was established. The two cities Weimar and Apolda were not part of the district. In 1952 the district was split into two parts - Weimar and Apolda. In 1994 the two parts were merged again, however not completely covering the territory as before 1952.


Congress of Arras

The Congress of Arras was a meeting in Arras in 1435, between representatives of England, France, and Burgundy. The Treaty of Arras (1435) was an important diplomatic win for France, late in the Hundred Years' War. The English expected only to talk peace with the French. However, Philip the Good, duke of Burgundy made peace with Charles VII of France. This hurt England because Philip the Good had helped them for 16 years. Richard the Lionheart refused to accept any documents of proposals after the signing.

Appanage

Appanage is important to the history of France during the Middle Ages. The law said that when a king dies, his oldest son becomes the next king. Kings who wanted to give a younger son some land too sometimes created an appanage. Appanage was one way to keep a civil war from happening, if two or more sons wanted to fight each other to be the next king.

The younger son controlled the appanage as a duke and ruled almost like a king, except he could not sell the land. The ruler of an appanage could give it to his sons and grandsons, but eventually that part of the family would run out of sons and the land would go back to the king. 

Scripps Ranch, San Diego, California

Scripps Ranch is a suburb of San Diego, California. It is home to the EW Scripps mansion.

New Statesman

The New Statesman is a British left-wing political magazine that is published weekly in London. 

The "New Statesman" was founded in 1913 with the support of George Bernard Shaw and other prominent members of the Fabian Society. 

In 1930 the "Statesman" merged with the Liberal weekly the " Nation", and changed its name to the "New Statesman and Nation", which it remained until 1964. The chairman of the "Nation"'s board was the economist John Maynard Keynes, who came to be an important influence on the paper.

During the 1930s, the "Statesman" moved to the left politically. It became strongly anti-fascist and was generally critical of the government policy of appeasement of Mussolini and Hitler. 


Left-wing politics

Left-wing politics is a kind of politics that supports social equality and egalitarianism. 

What a person means by left-wing depends on where the person lives. In Western Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, left-wing politics is often associated with social democracy and democratic socialism.






Bourgeoisie

Bourgeoisie means a social class of people who own the means of production, making them in the upper or merchant class. Hence, all employers are bourgeoisie. Their status or power comes from employment, education, assets, or wealth and not from aristocratic (political) origin, as a lowly café or factory owner is bourgeoisie. 
The term is widely used in many non-English speaking countries as an approximate equivalent of middle class. 

As the bourgeoisie are not its opposing counterpart proletariat, they don't have to be a labourer doing menial work for money. And if they do any work that gets them money, then it's only because of the many proletariat people beneath them, who generated their wealth through their labour, of which the higher up bourgeoisie person took a cut (commission). 
Bourgeoisie is a French word that was borrowed directly into English in the sense that is explained above. 
The French word "bourgeois" comes from the Old French word "burgeis", meaning "an inhabitant of a town". (cf. Middle English "burgeis", Middle Dutch "burgher" and German "Bürger"). The Old French word "burgeis" comes from "bourg", meaning a market town or medieval village, itself derived from Late Latin "burgus", meaning "fortress"



César Awards

The César Awards are the best-known movie awards in France. The "Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinema" has given this award every year since 1975.



Status

Status is a state, condition or situation. In common usage it may refer to:


Social status

In sociology or anthropology, social status is the honor or rank of one's position in society. People earn social status by their own work. This is call "achieved status". Or, people can have a place in a social system by birth. This inherited position is called "ascribed status".



Bergstraße

Bergstraße or Bergstrasse can mean many things, including:


Bergstraße (district)

Bergstraße (German: "Landkreis Bergstraße", Hessian: "Londgrääs Bergschdrooß") is a rural district in south Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1938. Two old districts, Bensheim and Heppenheim, joined and became Bergstraße.

The district is in the Odenwald mountains. Melibokus as the highest elevation at 517 meters. The "Bergstraße" is a tourist route which from Darmstadt to Wiesloch. The northern part of this route goes through the district and gave it its name.


Treaty of Arras

The treaties of Arras can be one of two treaties:

Social class

In sociology, Social class refers to the hierarchical distinctions between individuals or groups in societies or cultures.

There are various ways to divide classes. The "working class" do hard work for others. Where money is used, they are paid for it, but they seldom have much money. Where money is used little, as in feudalism, or not at all, as in the Inca Empire there are still classes.

Historians usually see two other groups - people who are rich or have a lot of influence, called the "upper class", and all the remaining people who are in between, called the "middle class".

Not all societies have social classes. Scientists have found no proof for hierarchical power structures during the Stone Age.

In societies where classes exist, one's class is determined largely by:

In the United Kingdom there are upper class, middle class, working class and underclass people.




Mümliswil-Ramiswil

Mümliswil-Ramiswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Nennigkofen

Nennigkofen was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Lüsslingen and Nennigkofen merged to form the new municipality of Lüsslingen-Nennigkofen.

Neuendorf, Switzerland

Neuendorf is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Niederbuchsiten

Niederbuchsiten is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Barahona Province

Barahona is a Dominican province. It is in the southwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Santa Cruz de Barahona.

It was created as a "Maritime District", an old category given to some regions along the coast, on 12 September 1881. The Dominican Constitution of 1907 changed the Maritime Districts to provinces.

The province takes the name from its capital city, Santa Cruz de Barahona. Barahona is a Spanish last name, and it seems that a Spanish colonist with that name lived in the area.

Barahona is bordered to the northwest by the province of Baoruco, to the northeast by Azua, to the west by the Independencia province. The Pedernales province is to the southwest and south of Barahona and the Caribbean Sea is to the east.

The province was part of the old Azua. It was created as a Maritime District on 12 September 1881 with the municipalities of Santa Cruz de Barahona, Cabral, Duvergé, Enriquillo and Neiba. Its category was changed to province by the Dominican Constitution of 1907.

Two new provinces were created from the original province of Barahona. The Baoruco Province was created in 1943 and then the Pedernales Province in 1957.

Cabral and Enriquillo are municipalities of the province since 1907; later, other municipalities were created: Paraíso in 1974; Vicente Noble in 1978; Las Salinas and Polo in 2001; El Peñón in 2002; Fundación in 2003; and La Ciénaga and Jaquimeyes in 2004.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Barahona province, and 156,513 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 14th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 188,820 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Santa Cruz de Barahona, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 62,054 inhabitants.

The Barahona province has a total area of . It has 3.6% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 12th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of Santa Cruz de Barahona, provincial capital, is .

There are two important regions in the province: the valley of the Yaque del Sur river, in the north of the province, and the "Sierra de Bahoruco" ("Bahoruco mountain range"). Because the Sierra de Bahoruco gets to the coast, most of the population lives on the coast or near the river Yaque del Sur; the only town in the mountains is Polo.

The eastern part of Sierra de Neiba is in the northwest of the province and the Sierra Martín García is the limit with the Azua Province, in the northeast.

The valley of the river Yaque del Sur is an important farming centre in the southwest because people here uses the water of the river to grow different crops, mainly plantain and sugar cane. The Rincón lake is in this valley; fishing is an important activity in this lake.
The Sierra de Bahoruco is in the rest of the province (south, center and west); the part of the Sierra de Bahoruco that is in the province of Barahona is called "Bahoruco Oriental" (Eastern Bahoruco) because it is different from the rest of the mountain range. While pines are common in the Sierra de Bahoruco, they are not common in Eastern Bahoruco where there are rainforests because those mountains, and the province, have the Caribbean Sea to the east and winds bring a lot of water that falls on the mountains.

The highest mountain in Eastern Bahoruco is Pie de Palo (1,603 m). Other high mountains are Trocha de Pey (1,476 m), La Torre (1,455 m) and Loma Remigio (1,287 m).

The most important river of the province is Yaque del Sur. Other rivers are Nizaíto (23 km long) and Bahoruco (14 km). The river San Rafael is only 3 km long but many persons go there during summer to enjoy its cool waters and part of its water is taken to the city of Barahona.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains. In the valley, cacti and other plants of dry regions are common. Rainforests are common in the mountains of the province because it rains a lot in the Bahoruco Oriental.

There are three important roads in the province, and they get to the border with Haiti. One of them goes through the province from north to south and gets to Pedernales after crossing the Sierra de Bahoruco by the coast.

The other two roads get to Jimaní; they go around the Lake Enriquillo, one by the northern side and the other by the southern side of the lake.

There are 11 municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products are coffee in the mountains and plantain and sugar cane in the valley of the river Yaque del Sur.

Other important economic activities are industry (sugar and textiles) in Santa Cruz de Barahona and fishing along the Caribbean coast.


Black bread mold

Black bread mold ("Rhizopus stolonifer") is a common type of fungus. 

It grows and reproduces the same way that most molds do. In asexual reproduction, the mold makes spores inside a "sporangium". When the spores are ready to leave and spread more mold, the sporangium breaks open and lets the spores float out. 

In sexual reproduction its hyphae touch the hyphae of another "Rhizopus" mycelium. When they fuse, they make round balls called "zygospores". After some time, the zygospore makes another sporangium, which then makes spores. During this sexual process, genetic recombination takes place, as with all eukaryotes.

When the spores land on a suitable place, they begin to grow. They very quickly start making "hyphae", small tendrils that look like roots. Hyphae are part of the mycelium. The mycelium is the main part of the mold, and grows inside the bread. Black bread mold grows fast when the temperature is higher than 15 degrees Celsius and lower than 20C.

Black bread mold is found in all countries of the world. It is often found growing on bread and on soft fruits such as bananas and grapes. Because the mold spores are airborne, the mold can spread easily.



Dentistry

Dentistry is a specialty in medicine, which is practiced by a dentist. Dentists find out what's wrong, fix, and help prevent problems with teeth. A dentist has other people that help him with their job. Dental hygienists help people keep their teeth clean. A dental assistant helps the dentist when they are treating a patient. Dental surgeons will perform surgery to fix large or dangerous problems with people's teeth. There are also dentists called orthodontists, who can move people's teeth using braces. Dental surgeons and orthodontists are called specialists.



Toyota Tundra

The Toyota Tundra is a full-size pickup truck. It is sold by Toyota in the United States, Turkey, and Canada. The Tundra was first sold in 2000. The truck is bigger than the Toyota Tacoma. There are four different versions of the Tundra. These are the original, "base", version and the "SR5", "Grade", and "CrewMax" versions. The Tundra is made in San Antonio, Texas. The design of the truck was changed in 2007 and 2021. The Tundra was a replacement for the Toyota T100 pickup, a bigger version of the Toyota Hi-Lux.

Toyota Celica

The Toyota Celica was a sports car made by Toyota. Toyota stopped selling the Celica in 2005 due to low sales and it was replaced by the Scion tC. The first Celicas were made in 1970.

Toyota 4Runner

The Toyota 4Runner is a sport utility vehicle made by Toyota. Toyota makes the 4Runner in Tahara, Japan as well as the Hino factory. The 4Runner was first sold in 1984 as a camper version of the Toyota Hi-Lux, sharing the same parts and engines. The 4Runner got a bigger V6 engine in 1988. Toyota has redesigned the 4Runner in many years of its life. The 4Runner was sold as a 2-door model alongside the 4-door until 1992. The 4Runner's competition comes from the Nissan Pathfinder, Jeep Grand Cherokee, and Chevrolet Blazer. The 4Runner was a compact SUV until 1996.

Rhythmic gymnastics

Rhythmic gymnastics (short: RG) is a type of gymnastics. Rhythmic gymnasts perform on a floor with an apparatus, accompanied by music, in individual or group events. Gymnasts manipulate one or two apparatus: rope, hoop, ball, clubs, and ribbon. Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation. The victor is the participant who earns the most points, determined by a panel of judges, for leaps, balances, pirouettes, flexibility, apparatus handling, execution, and artistic effect.

Rhythmic gymnastics developed from other sports. It is influenced by group gymnastics, classical ballet, German apparatus work, and the Swedish free exercise method.

International competitions are split between juniors, under sixteen by their year of birth; and seniors, for women sixteen and over again by their year of birth. The largest events in the sport are the Olympic Games, World Championships, and World Cups.

Rhythmic gymnastics was officially recognized by FIG in 1963. The first time rhythmic gymnastics was in the Olympics was in 1984 in Los Angeles. That year, a Canadian gymnast called Lori Fung won the individual competition. In 1996, rhythmic gymnastics group competitions were added to the Olympics.

The length of the rope depends on how tall the gymnast using it is. They swing the rope, throw and catch the rope, make figure-eights, and more. They also leap and jump through the rope while they are holding it.

The hoop is made of wood. Gymnasts toss it and catch it, spin it, swing it, and roll it in many different ways.

Balls used in rhythmic gymnastics are made with rubber or soft plastic. Gymnasts throw balls and catch them, bounce and roll them, balance the ball on their hand, and do waves and circles.

The clubs are another piece of equipment that rhythmic gymnasts use. The clubs look similar to bowling pins or bottles. They are made of wood or plastic. Gymnasts use the clubs to do circles, throws, swings, plus tapping.

The group routine is a little bit different. It’s not a piece of equipment; it’s just a different kind of routine. In the group event, five rhythmic gymnasts will do a routine together. The gymnasts have to work together to make the routine work. In a group routine, gymnasts will exchange whatever equipment they are using with each other.



Wealth

Wealth often means that much money is available. But there are several other aspects that can be more important. If one thinks of single persons one will look at their personal property or assets like land and livestock. Looking at countries one thinks of GDP per capita and of natural capital. 

The original meaning of the old English word for "weal", where wealth comes from, was "well-being" or welfare. (It was an adjective.)


Qualification

The term qualification may mean:

Professional certification

Professional certification, trade certification, or professional designation, often called simply "certification" or "qualification", is a certification a person gets to assure that he/she is qualified to perform a job or task.

Certifications are very common in aviation, construction, technology and other industrial sectors, as well as health care and finance.


Darmstadt (region)

Darmstadt (German: "Regierungsbezirk Darmstadt", Hessian: "Regierungsbezirk Damstadt") is one of the three Regierungsbezirk of Hesse, Germany. It is in the south of the state.


Nebula

A nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other ionized gases in a galaxy.

The Persian astronomer, Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi, mentioned a true nebula for the first time in his book, "Book of Fixed Stars" (964). He said that there was a "little cloud" near the Andromeda galaxy.

A nebula is usually made up of hydrogen gas and plasma. It may be the first stage of a star's cycle, but it may also be one of the last stages.

Many nebulae or stars form from the gravitational collapse of gas in the interstellar medium or ISM. As the material contracts, massive stars may form in the center, and their ultraviolet radiation ionises the surrounding gas, making it visible at optical wavelengths.

The size of these nebulae, known as H II regions, varies depending on the size of the original cloud of gas. These are sites where star formation occurs. The formed stars are sometimes known as a young, loose cluster.

Some nebulae are formed as the result of supernova explosions, the death throes of massive, short-lived stars. The materials thrown off from the supernova explosion are ionized by the energy and the compact object that it can produce. One of the best examples of this is the Crab nebula, in Taurus. The supernova event was recorded in the year 1054 and is labelled SN 1054. The compact object that was created after the explosion lies in the center of the Crab Nebula and is a neutron star.

Other nebulae may form as planetary nebulae. This is the final stage of a low-mass star's life, like Earth's Sun. Stars with a mass up to 8-10 solar masses evolve into red giants and slowly lose their outer layers during pulsations in their atmospheres. When a star has lost enough material, its temperature increases and the ultraviolet radiation it emits can ionize the surrounding nebula that it has thrown off. The nebula is 97% Hydrogen and 3% Helium with trace materials.

In the past galaxies and star clusters were also called 'nebulae', but no longer. Nebulae can be sorted by what they look like and why we can see them.

Large regions of ionised hydrogen gas are produced by star-forming regions. Nebulae are often star-forming regions, such as in the Orion complex. In these regions gravitation pulls together gas and dust. Material clumps together to form larger masses, which attract further matter. Eventually this become massive enough to form stars. The material left over may form planets and other planetary system objects.
Emission nebulae make their own light. They are often called H II regions, because it is the ionized hydrogen which makes them glow. Usually the gases in an emission nebula are ionized. This makes them emit light and infra-red radiation.

Reflection nebulae reflect light from nearby stars.

Dark nebulae do not emit light or reflect light. They block the light from stars that are far away.

Planetary nebulae are quite common, because they are produced by red giant stars late in their lives. These stars usually become white dwarfs, leaving behind an expanding ball of ionized gas, which we see as a roughly circular bright nebula.

A supernova occurs when a high-mass star reaches the end of its life. When nuclear fusion in the core of the star stops, the star collapses and explodes . The expanding shell of gas forms a supernova remnant. The Crab nebula is a supernova remnant which probably exploded in 1054 AD. Light and X-ray emission from supernova remnants comes from ionized gas. There is a huge amount of radio emission called synchrotron emission. This emission originates from high-velocity electrons oscillating in magnetic fields.


Database schema

In computer science a "schema" or database schema describes the structure of a database in a formal language that is supported by the database management system. Using the database schema, it is possible to create a blueprint of the database. This blueprint will not contain any data. The database schema uses logical formulas to create integrity constraints. It is not possible to insert data into the database that violates these integrity constraints. All contraints use the same language. 

There are different kinds of database schemas:

Ideally, a database schema should have the following properties:

Ernst Haeckel

Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel (16 February 1834 – 9 August 1919) was an influential German zoologist, naturalist, and artist. He was also a philosopher and physician, but in those fields he is not regarded as particularly notable. He was an atheist. He left the Lutheran church in 1910. He is regarded as a pioneer of eugenics and Nazi eugenics in Germany.
Haekel was professor of comparative anatomy at the University of Jena, where he worked for 47 years, from 1862 to 1909. Haekel discovered, described and named thousands of new species, mapped a tree of life relating all life forms. He coined many terms in biology, including "ecology", "phylum", "phylogeny", "stem cell", and the kingdom "Protista." Haeckel promoted and popularised Charles Darwin's work in Germany and developed the controversial recapitulation theory ("ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny"). This claimed that an individual organism's biological development, or ontogeny, parallels and summarises its species' evolutionary development.

The published artwork of Haeckel includes over 100 detailed, multi-colour illustrations of animals and sea creatures. As a philosopher, Ernst Haeckel wrote "Die Welträtsel" (1895–1899, "The Riddle of the Universe", 1901), and "Freedom in Science and Teaching" to support teaching evolution.

Haeckel was a member of the nationalist and antisemitic Pan-German League (German: "Altdeutscher Verband") and of the peace organization Verband für internationale Verständigung.

Haekel wrote many books, some of them in multi-volumes. Among the most notable are:



Lunar eclipse

A lunar eclipse is an astronomical phenomenon. It happens when the moon passes through the shadow of the Earth.. when the shadow of earth falls on to the moon is called full moon phase... Lunar eclipses happen about twice a year, unlike total solar eclipses that are sometimes more than a year apart. They can be seen from a much larger portion of the Earth compared to solar eclipses. Lunar eclipses can last for a few hours, but total solar eclipses last only a few minutes. 

During a lunar eclipse, the Moon looks red-brown. It may be thought that the Moon is completely black because of the Earth's shadow, but no. The reddish-brown colour is because some of the Sun's light bends through the Earth's atmosphere and shines on the Moon. Refraction is greater for red light rays than for others, so red is what strikes the Moon.

Like solar eclipses, there are different types of lunar eclipses. There are total eclipses, where the moon passes completely through Earth's shadow and all of the moon appears reddish-brown. A partial eclipse occurs when only part of the moon passes through Earth's shadow and so only part of the moon appears reddish.

Lunar eclipses are safe to view with your naked eyes and also with telescopes.

Although it is safe to see the lunar eclipse with your naked eyes one should never see a solar eclipse with the naked eyes as the rays damage the retina of the eye.

Max Weber

Maximilian Carl Emil Weber (pronounced: maks ˈveːbɐ) (21 April 1864 – 14 June 1920) was a German political economist and sociologist who was considered one of the founders of the modern study of sociology and public administration. 
He began his career at the University of Berlin, and later worked at Freiburg University, University of Heidelberg, University of Vienna and University of Munich. He had influence on German politics of his time, because he was an advisor to Germany's negotiators at the Treaty of Versailles and to the commission that drafted the Weimar Constitution.

Weber is known for his work in the sociology of religion. His most famous work is his essay "The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism".

He disagreed with Karl Marx's view that class structure was the way to view how society worked. He believed that human values affected how people acted throughout history.




Weimar Constitution

The Constitution of the German Reich (German: "Die Verfassung des Deutschen Reiches"), usually known as the Weimar Constitution ("Weimarer Verfassung") was the constitution that governed the Weimar Republic (1919-1933). The constitution technically remained in effect during the Third Reich from 1933 to 1945.

The German state's official name was "Deutsches Reich" until the adoption of the 1949 constitution. 

Following the end of World War I, a German National Assembly gathered in the town of Weimar, in the state of Thuringia, in January 1919 to write a constitution for the "Reich". The nation was to be a democratic federal republic, governed by a president and parliament.

The constitution was drafted by the lawyer and liberal politician "Hugo Preuss", who was then state secretary in the Ministry of the Interior and later became Minister of the Interior.


Guitar Hero III Mobile

Guitar Hero III Mobile is a music video game for mobile phones. It was made by MachineWorks Northwest LLC and sold by Hands-On Mobile. It is the newest game in the "Guitar Hero" series, and was released on December 20, 2007, in North America for people using Verizon Wireless.

"Guitar Hero III Mobile" was programmed by Robinson Technologies (shortened to RTSoft), with help from MachineWorks Northwest LLC. The graphics for the game were made by Anthem Game Group.

Playing "Guitar Hero III Mobile" is similar to playing other games in the "Guitar Hero" series. "Mobile" uses 3 frets instead of 5. Each column of numbered keys on a phone's keypad is a fret. The numbered keys used are "1", "4", and "7" for green notes, "2", "5", and "8" for red notes, and "3", "6", and "9" for yellow notes. Once the note(s) reach the bottom, the player must play the note(s) by pressing or holding down the number key(s) in order to score points. Players can turn on Star Power to get more points by the "*" (star) button on the keypad or the "OK" button in the center of the directional pad.

"Guitar Hero III Mobile" has 15 songs to play from "Guitar Hero II" and "". Every month, more songs can be downloaded.


Avicenna

Ibn Sina (Persian: ابن سینا; 980 – June 1037 CE), commonly known in the West as Avicenna, was a Persian Muslim polymath and the most important doctor and Islamic philosopher of his time.

He wrote about 450 works on a wide range of subjects, and about 240 have survived, including 150 on philosophy and 40 on medicine.

His most famous works are "The Book of Healing" – a philosophical and scientific encyclopedia, and "The Canon of Medicine" – a medical encyclopedia.

He is also known as Pour Sina (), which means "Son of Sina" in English. His full name in Arabic is (). In English, he is usually called "Avicenna" (), his Latinized name. Among his followers, he was/is known as al-Sheikh al-Ra'is.

Avicenna was born near Bukhara, which at the time was ruled by Samanid dynasty. His father was a government official and his home served as a meeting place for men of learning. Avicenna had educated teachers while growing up. By age 14, he had mastered many subjects and had already memorized the Quran. From the age of 14 to 18, he taught himself because he could not find a tutor to provide more information than he already knew. He began to practice and learn about medicine at 16. He also learned about law and natural sciences. He was good at all subjects but decided medicine was easier for him than mathematics or metaphysics. Sometime before he turned 18 years old, he cured a Samanid emir. Because of his he was allowed into the royal libraries of the Samanid dynasty. By the age of 18, he had become a master of the most important works of science in his time. Also, his reputation as a doctor had grown. At 20, he was regarded as one of the wisest people of his time.

Besides philosophy and medicine, Avicenna's works includes writings on astronomy, alchemy, geography and geology, psychology, Islamic theology, logic, mathematics, physics and poetry.

From 1015 to 1022, Avicenna was a high official and doctor to the ruler of Hamedan in western Iran. After the ruler of Hamedan died Avicenna was put in prison. He was released four months later when Hamadan was captured by Alā al-Dawla, the ruler of Isfahan. Alā al-Dawla only captured Hamadan for a short period of time. Avicenna escaped, disguised as a dervish, to Isfahan to work for Alā al-Dawla as a doctor. In 1030, the Ghaznavids attacked Isfahan and some of Avicenna's work was lost and possibly stolen. He died during an attack on the city of Hamedan.



Hafiz (Qur'an)

Hafith or Hafiz (Arabic: حافظ قرآن or حافظ, plural "huffaz"), literally meaning 'guardian', is a term used by Muslims for people who have learnt completely the Qur'an by heart. 

The Islamic prophet Muhammad lived in the 7th century CE, in Arabia. In those times, many people were not literate. The Arabs preserved their histories, genealogies, and poetry by memory alone. When Muhammad proclaimed the verses later collected as the Qur'an, his followers naturally learnt the words by heart.



Alina Kabayeva

Alina Kabaeva (, born May 12, 1983, Tashkent, Uzbek SSR) is a Russian former-rhythmic gymnast. She started competing since she was 12, and stopped when she was 24. She won several medals at World Championships, two Olympic medals (one bronze, one gold) and she came up with some of the flexibility-required moves in the sport. She was trained by Irina Viner. Now she works for State Duma.

Kabayeva is rumored to be Russian President Vladimir Putin's girlfriend.

Seikan Tunnel

The means of transportation from Hokkaido to Honshu was the Seikan ship until Seikan tunnel was completed. It took about 3 hours. However, it had some troubles. For example, the sea route was not safe. The Toyamaru accident in 1954 had 1155 dead and some missing people, caused by Typhoon Number 15 Roke. because of that reason, the plan that constructing Seikan Tunnel from Hokkaido to Honshu was becoming a reality. At first, the east route and west route was considered. In the west route, the deepest depth of water was 140 meters and the nature of the soil was easy to drill rocks, so west route was then chosen.

The tunnel can be entered by the Shinkansen (bullet train). The inner structure of the tunnel was planned to have three bullet train's rails. Because half of this tunnel is under the bottom of the sea, the workers who built this tunnel were worried about seawater. So, they used new construction techniques. For example, laser measurement, 2150m horizontal drilling, pouring water glass and cement into soft bedrock. These techniques were paid attention to by all of the world at that time. There is still much water, so the seawater that is collected is placed in the tunnel and is pumped out of the tunnel.

There are two stations in Seikan tunnel. Tappikaitei Station opened in Aza-Minmayatatsuhama, Sotogahama-machi, Higashitsugaru-gun, Aomori on March 13, 1988. And Yoshiokakaitei Station opened in Tatesaki, Fukushima-cho, Matsumae-gun, Hokkaido on March 13, 1988. If passengers have a special ticket, they can get off the train at the stations to look around. These are located in 149.5 meters under the seabed and there are 2247 steps of stairs to the surface. Also, these stations have shelters for train fires and blackouts. Tappikaitei Station and Yoshiokakaitei Station became the service stop each on November 10, 2013 and August 27, 2013. However, these stations were closed on March 15, 2014, because the number of passengers who used these stations, was not a lot.


Punch Brothers

Punch Brothers is an American bluegrass band. Its members include Chris Thile (mandolin), Gabe Witcher (fiddle), Chris Eldridge (guitar), Greg Garrison (bass), and Noam Pikelny (banjo). They have made one album, "Punch", which was released on February 26, 2008 on Nonesuch Records.


Mike Marshall

Mike Marshall (born 1957) is an American mandolinist. Over the years, he has worked with artists such as Chris Thile and David Grisman.


Edgar Meyer

Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist. Over the years, he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Béla Fleck, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Jerry Douglas, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, the members of Nickel Creek, and Mary Chapin Carpenter.


Jerry Douglas

Jerry Douglas (born May 28, 1956) is an American Grammy Award-winning dobro player. He was born in Warren, Ohio. Over the years, he has worked with musicians including Ray Charles, Peter Rowan, Béla Fleck, Emmylou Harris, Phish, Chris Thile, Dolly Parton, Paul Simon, Ricky Skaggs, Bill Frisell, John Fogerty, Nanci Griffith, Tony Rice, and James Taylor.


2-1-1

2-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada. It was made to be easy to remember. Calling the number lets people get information quickly about health organizations. It can also be called in an emergency.

New York Telephone (now part of Verizon) used the 2-1-1 number for many years. It was an automatic, meaning it worked by itself, number for phone numbers that were dialed wrongly. 2-1-1 was used this way from the 1970s through the early 2000s. 

The city of Atlanta started a new way of using 2-1-1 in 1997. This new way of using it was similar to how it is used now. After Atlanta, many other cities and states started to use it as a special number to call in an emergency. 5-1-1 is also used for this.


3-1-1

3-1-1 is a special telephone number used for non-emergency call to municipal services. It is used in several cities in Canada and the United States. 3-1-1 was created to receive many of the calls which commonly were made to 9-1-1 which were common questions and not emergencies. 

3-1-1 is available in several major American cities, including: Akron, Albuquerque, Austin, Baltimore, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Chicago, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Hartford, Houston, Kansas City, Las Vegas, Little Rock, Los Angeles, Miami, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Mobile, Nashville, New York City, Rochester, Orlando, Pittsburgh, San Antonio, San Francisco, San Jose, Somerville, and Washington, D.C..

The service is available in the following communities (with starting date):


Other Canadian municipalities are expected to use 3-1-1 in the near future. These include Edmonton, Winnipeg and Toronto.

Oleander

Oleander, "Nerium oleander", is a poisonous shrub. It is commonly used in gardens because of its pink colored flowers. "Nerium oleander" is native to northern Africa, the eastern Mediterranean basin and southeast Asia. Oleander prefers dry, warm climates and may naturalize in such areas. Recently, scientific studies on cardenolide oleandrin show that it may be used to prevent mutagenesis.

Aon Center (Chicago)

Aon Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 346 meters (1,136 feet) tall and has 83 floors. It was built in 1973 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world and the third tallest in Chicago.

At first it was named the Standard Oil Building, but when the name of the company changed in 1985 it became the Amoco Building. The building was sold and became the Aon Center in 1999.



Aon Center

The Aon Center is the name of two buildings.


875 North Michigan Avenue

875 North Michigan Avenue is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It was formerly known as the John Hancock Center. It is 344 meters (1,127 feet) tall and has 100 floors, including an observation deck on the 94th floor (1,000 ft). It was built in 1969 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

On February 12, 2018, John Hancock Insurance requested that its name and logos throughout the building's interior be removed immediately; John Hancock had not had a naming-rights deal with the skyscraper's owners since 2013. Until a new naming-rights deal is finalized, the skyscraper will be known as "875 North Michigan Avenue".

From the 95th-floor restaurant, diners can look out at Chicago and Lake Michigan. It has an observatory floor known as 360 Chicago. 360 Chicago is home to TILT, a moving platform that leans visitors over the edge of the skyscraper to a 30-degree angle. It also has a full bar, and Chicago's only open-air Sky Walk, and also has free interactive high-definition touchscreens in six languages. 

The 44th-floor sky lobby features the highest indoor swimming pool in the United States.

On its 44th floor, the building has a grocery store accessible only to apartment residents and office tenants.



Franklin Center (Chicago)

Franklin Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 307 meters (1,007 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 1989 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Two Prudential Plaza

Two Prudential Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 303 meters (995 feet) tall and has 64 floors. It was built in 1990 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Noam Pikelny

Noam Pikelny is a United States banjo player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Leftover Salmon and Punch Brothers. Pikelny lives in Brooklyn, New York.


Gabe Witcher

Gabe Witcher is a United States fiddle player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Punch Brothers. Witcher has also toured with artists such as Jerry Douglas.


311 South Wacker Drive

311 South Wacker Drive is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. It is 293 meters (961 feet) tall and has 65 floors. It was built in 1990 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



900 North Michigan

900 North Michigan is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 265 meters (871 feet) tall and has 66 floors. It was built in 1989 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Bryan Sutton

Bryan Sutton is a United States guitarist. He also plays many other instruments including mandolin, banjo, and electric guitar. He has performed or recorded with artists such as Ricky Skaggs, Dixie Chicks, Jerry Douglas, Sam Bush, Béla Fleck, Hot Rize, Chris Thile, and Tony Rice.

Water Tower Place

Water Tower Place is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 262 meters (859 feet) tall and has 74 floors. It was built in 1976 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Chase Tower

Chase Tower is the name of two buildings.


Park Tower

Park Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 257 meters (844 feet) tall and has 67 floors. It was built in 2000 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Toltec

Toltec is used by historians in different ways. It is either used to refer to certain people that lived in what is Mexico today, before Christopher Columbus came there. Some scholars also use the word to refer to the people that later developed into the Aztec civilisation. These people are only known from Aztec stories. It is not known if they actually formed one people or not. 

Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari

Abi Ja'far Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari (838-923 أبي جعفر محمد بن جرير الطبري) was one of the earliest, most important and famous Persian historians and explainers of the Qur'an, most famous for his "Tarikh al-Tabari" ("History of the Prophets and Kings") and "Tafsir al-Tabari".

Tabari (Persian: طبری), Abu Jafar Muhammad ibn Jarir at-Tabari, His name means "father of Jafar, named after the Prophet Muhammad, son of Jarir, from the province of Tabaristan".

He was born in Amol, Tabaristan, some twenty kilometres south of the Caspian Sea, in the winter of 838-9. He was precocious. He left home to study in A.H. 236 (850-1) when he was twelve. He retained close ties to his home town. He did return at least twice, the last time in A.H. 290 (903) when his outspokenness caused some uneasiness and led to his quick departure.




Tabari

Tabari might mean:


Basilica

A basilica is a large, important church. The word can also be used for an Ancient Roman building that was used for law and meetings. The word "basilica" is Latin which was taken from the Greek "Basiliké Stoà".

Nowadays the word is used in three ways:

A Roman basilica was a large hall built for meetings, business and law. A Roman basilica usually had the doors at the long sides of the building. At each end was a semi-circular part where the judges sat. The building usually had two rows of columns, which made a high central part and a lower aisle on either side. The light came in from windows above the columns. As the Roman Empire spread, every city had a basilica.

Early in the 4th century (312 AD), the Roman Emperor Constantine made Christianity the legal religion of the Roman Empire. The Christians who had been worshipping secretly in private houses now wanted to build churches. They did not want the churches to look the same as Roman Temples. They built them to look more like Roman Basilicas. A basilica was a good plan for a Christian church because lots of people could fit inside, and the aisles were useful for people to move around. The semi-circular part at one end, the "apse", was just right to put the altar. Christian basilicas usually have the door at one end, rather than at the side. In front of the door there was often a courtyard called an "atrium". Most of these atriums have gone, but churches often have a town square or a market place in front of them.

Some of the oldest Early Christian basilicas were four that were begun in Rome by the Emperor Constantine. Three of them are still standing, but they have had many changes in the last 1,700 years. These are the basilicas of "Santa Maria Maggiore", "St. John Lateran" and "St. Paul's outside the Walls". The fourth basilica was "'Old St. Peter's" which was replaced in the 16th and 17th centuries by the present St. Peter's Basilica. Other Early Christian Basilicas were built in Greece and the Holy Land.

Some basilicas are called "Ancient Basilicas". These have been called basilicas since Early Christian or Medieval times. It is their traditional name. Ancient Basilicas include "the Church of the Holy Sepulchre" in Jerusalem, "the Basilica of San Vitale" in Ravenna and "the Basilica of San Lorenzo" in Rome. The four other "ancient basilicas" of Rome are called the "Major Basilicas". Each "Major Basilica" has a throne for the pope and an altar that is specially for the pope to celebrate mass. No-one else can use that altar without the pope's permission. All the other basilicas are called "Minor Basilicas".

Nowadays, for a church to be called a "Minor Basilica", it has to be given some special privileges or rights by the pope in a document called a "Papal Brief". When a church has been made a basilica, the clergy then carry some special symbols when they are in procession. In 2008 there were more than 1,600 basilicas in the world.

 
Many churches are given the name "basilica" to show that they are special in some way. There are very few ancient basilicas that were built on ground associated with Jesus. They are thought of as some of the holiest Christian sites in the world. These include "the Basilica of the Annunciation" in Nazareth, "the Basilica of All Nations" where Jesus prayed on the Mount of Olives and "the Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre" in Jerusalem. "The Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre" is very unusual because the church is shared by the Catholic and Orthodox Churches.

Other ancient basilicas are places where a saint was martyred (put to death). One of these is "the Basilica of Saint Stephen", the first Christian Martyr, which is also in Jerusalem. There are many ancient basilicas which were built on the place where a saint was buried. In Rome there are many basilicas like this, because Rome was a very big city, with many Christian people. The Emperors thought Christianity was dangerous to them, because Christians put the rules of Jesus before the law of the Emperor. Many Christians were martyred. When Christianity became legal, churches were built over the graves of martyrs. These churches often became known as basilicas, because they were in the shape of a Roman basilica. Basilicas built over tombs of martyrs include "Sant'Agnese outside the Walls", "San Lorenzo outside the Walls", and "St. Paul's outside the Walls". The words "outside the walls" mean that the burial place of the saint was outside the walls of the city.

Some basilicas are famous because they have "relics" (or bones or perhaps a body part) of a saint. It could also be the case that the relics were reinterred from the original place. If a church housed the body of an important saint, then many people would come on pilgrimage and would dedicate themselves to prayer and the use of the sacraments. Basilicas that have bodies include "St. Mark's", Venice, "St. Nicholas of Bari", also in Italy, and "the Basilica of St. Mary Magdalene" in Vezelay, France. Not all relics are bodies. Basilicas may also hold a famous object like a piece of the True Cross, or the belt worn by the Virgin Mary. People often ask whether all these precious relics are authentic. The Roman Catholic Church does not get into arguments about trying to prove whether the pieces of the Cross, the body parts and other things are real. Sometimes the relic is known to be real. Sometimes there is no way to prove it, either way.

Other basilicas are churches that were built by a famous saint, were used by a famous saint, or were built to honour the saint, who did not die as a martyr but lived a very holy life. Two of the most famous basilicas of this sort are "the Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi" and "the Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua". Many thousands of pilgrims go to these churches every day to remember two saints who were gentle, humble and taught people to live better lives.

Some basilicas are built because a miracle or special sign took place. The sign might be a vision and might give a plan to build. "The Basilica of Lourdes" in France is built at the place where Bernadette Soubirous had a vision of the Virgin Mary. It is an important pilgrimage place. Sometimes the sign is not so strange as a vision. In the Philippines, "the Basilica del Santo Niño" was built at the place where a partly burnt box was found in 1565. It contained a little statue of the Christ Child and had been left behind by some Spanish or Portuguese explorers many years earlier. "Santo Niño" means "Holy Child" in Spanish.

The four great Basilicas of Rome, as well as having a seat and an altar for the pope, have a "Holy Door" which is only opened for special occasions such as a Jubilee Year.




Middle-earth locations

This article is about the fictional from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe. It includes major regions of the world, geographical features such as rivers, mountains and mountain ranges. The article also included selection of various notable places which were created by Tolkien and used as setting in his many books. 



Arnor was a human realm in Eriador. It was founded by Elendil and his people, who survived the Fall of Númenor near the end of the Second Age. The peoples living in Arnor were the descendants of the Númenorean survivors, and the indigenous human peoples who had lived there before. The capital of Arnor was the city Annúminas. It was on the shores of Lake Evendim in northern Eriador. Elendil was the first King of Arnor. After his death, his older son Isildur became king.

After the death of Eärendur, the tenth king, in T.A. 861, his three sons split Arnor into three new lands. Each land a country ruled by one of the sons. These countries were: Arthedain in the west, Cardolan in the south, and Rhudaur in the north. Over time, all three of countries were destroyed in wars against the northern land Angmar. After the War of the Ring, the land again became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor. It as ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descendants.

Bree-land is a small region in Eriador, It surrounded the Breehill. The region has four villages. They are : Bree , Archet, Combe and Staddle. The peoples living in the villages of Bree-land are humans and hobbits; This is the only place where these two people live together. The only other place where hobbits live is the Shire. Bree is at the meeting point of two large roads, the Great East Road and the North-South Road. It is an important center of trade and travel.

The Lonely Mountain (Sindarin: "Erebor)" is a mountain in the northeast of Rhovanion. When the dwarves had to leave their ancient home Khazad-dûm, it became the new home of Durin's folk. They were led by Thráin I, who became "King under the Mountain". Later Erebor was attacked by the dragon Smaug, and the dwarves had to flee again. In the story told in "The Hobbit", the dragon Smaug is killed and the dwarves again return to the Lonely Mountain. Dáin II Ironfoot becomes new King under the Mountain.

Esgaroth is a town in the northeast of Rhovanion. It is also known as Lake-town It is built at the Long Lake. the town is south of the Lonely Mountain and east of Mirkwood. It was destroyed by the dragon Smaug during the events of "The Hobbit" but was rebuilt.

Fangorn or Fangorn Forest is a large forest on the eastern side of the southern end of the Misty Mountains. Fangorn is the home of the Ents. They are a people of giant tree-like beings. The Sindarin word "Fangorn" translates to "Beardtree", Fangoen is also the Sindarin name of the Ent Treebeard.

Gondor is a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth. It was founded by the brothers Isildur and Anárion and their people, who had survived the Fall of Númenor near the end of the Second Age. During the Third Age, Gondor included the lands beween the sea in the south, the Mountains of Shadow in the east, and the White Mountains in the north. In earlier times, The lands of Gondor reached farther north. The city Osgiliath was the capital of Gondor. It was built over the river Anduin. Isildur also founded the city Minas Ithil. His brother Anárion founded the city Minas Anor west of the Anduin on the mountain Mindolluin.

Gondor has several regions. Ithilien is in the east, It is between the river Anduin in the west and the Mountains of Shadow in the east. Anórien was a small land north of the White Mountains. It is between the river Anduin in the east and Rohan in the west. Calenardhon is the land north of the White Mountains. It became Rohan in the 26th century T.A. Enedwaith was northwest of the White Mountains. This region was mostly abandoned in the later part of the Third Age. Between the coast and the White Mountains were several smaller regions. Near the seashore in the south were the regions Anfalas, Belfalas, Dor-en-Ernil, Lebennin, and Lossarnach. Along the Mountains in the north were the Morthond Vale, Lamedon, and the Ringló Vale. Southeast of the Anduin was the region South Gondor.

After the "War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men" against Sauron, Isildur left to rule the northern kingdom Arnor. The son of Anárion stayed to rule Gondor. During a civil war In the 15th century, the city Osgiliath was destroyed. Minas Anor became the new capital. The Ringwraiths captured Minas Ithil during the rule of King Eärnur. They changed the name of the city to Minas Morgul. Minas Anor was renamed Minas Tirith ("Tower of Guard"). Both cities were always at war. Much of the fighting took place near the old capital of Osgiliath. During the War of the Ring, Sauron won control of Western Osgiliath. This made it possible for his forces to attack Minas Tirith. The Orcs attacked the city but were stopped by the Rohirrim. This let the defenders to charge the enemy. The Battle of the Pelennor Fields was won by the Men of Gondor and Rohan.

The last King, Eärnur, disappeared in 2050 T.A. After this, Gondor was ruled by the "Stewards of Gondor" instead of a king until the end of the Third Age. After the War of the Ring, the land became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor. It was ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descendants.

The Great East Road is an ancient road which was made by the dwarves. The road ran from western area of the region Beleriand, over the Ered Luin mountain range, through the Shire, to the Misty Mountains, and to the dwarven lands in the east.

Helm's Deep is a deep valley on the north side of the western part of the White Mountains. It is south to the Gap of Rohan. The valley was blocked by a series of hills called Helm's Dike. Helm's Deep is the location of the fortress, Hornburg. The entrance to the Glittering Caves is at the end of the valley.

Isengard is a fortress at the southern end of the Misty Mountains. It is in a small valley inside a ring-shaped wall. The wall is called, the Ring of Isengard. In the fortress is a tall black tower, Orthanc. Isengard belonged to Gondor but in the 28th century it was given to Saruman. The fortress has a palantír. A palantir is ball made of indestructible crystal that is used for communicating with other places. In the War of the Ring, ring-wall was destroyed by the Ents. After the War, the tower Orthanc was given back to King Elessar and the Reunited Kingdom.

Khazad-dûm was the ancient home of the Dwarves under the Misty Mountains. It was a large underground city. It also has a system of mines under it. The city was the only place in Middle-earth where the precious metal "mithril" could be found. This made the dwarves very rich. Khazad-dûm was founded by Durin the Deathless early in the First Age. 

In the Third Age, the dwarves woke a Balrog deep in the mines of Khazad-dûm. The Balrog killed King Durin VI and many Dwarves. The dwarves that were not killed were forced to leave Khazad-dûm and find other places to life. Khazad-dûm got a new name, Moria. In Sindarin. Moria means "dark pit".

Lothlórien was an elven realm. It was between the Misty Mountains and the Anduin. The realm was on the land between the rivers Anduin and Silverlode. It was close to the dwarven realm Khazad-dûm. Lothlórien was founded in the Second Age. Amdír was the first King of Lothlórien. The elves of Lothlórien fought in the War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men against Sauron. In the war, Amdír was killed. His son Amroth became king after him. Amroth later left Lothlórien. After he left, the realm was ruled by Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel until the end of the Third Age. Caras Galadhon was the main city of Lothlórien. Other names of Lothlórien are the shortened name Lórien, and the names Laurelindórenan, Dwimordene (Rohirric), or The Golden Wood.

Mordor (Sindarin: "Black Land" and Quenya: "Land of Shadow") is a land in the southeastern part of Middle-earth. It is east of the Anduin. Mordor was the land of Sauron in the Second and Third Ages. Mordor is surrounded by mountain ranges. The Ered Lithui (Sindarin: "Mountains of Ash") is a range of mountains to the north of Mordor. The Ephel Dúath (Sindarin: Mountains of Shadow) is west of it, Another mountain range in the south. In the northwest is the plateau named Gorgoroth. Sauron's main fortress, Barad-dûr, is at the base of the Ered Lithui mountains. The volcano Mount Doom is south west of Barad-dûr. Many parts of Mordor are a wasteland. The southern part of Mordor, around the Sea of Núrnen was more fertile. It was used as farmland to feed the armies of Sauron.

Mirkwood is a large forest in Rhovanion. The forest was originally known as Greenwood the Great (Sindarin: "Eryn Galen"). 

In the Second Age, an Elven people settled in the Greenwood. They created the Woodland Realm. The capital of the realm was on the hill Amon Lanc. After the Second Age, the Elves went to live farther north. In the 11th century T.A., Sauron chose to live in the hill-fortress of Dol Guldur on Amon Lanc. It was in the south of the forest. His evil influence darkened the woods. It had less of an effect towards the north of the forest. After this, the Greenwood became known as "Mirkwood". After the War of the Ring, evil effects of Sauron's influence were removed from the forest. It known as Eryn Lasgalen (Sindarin: "Wood of Greenleaves").

The North-South Road is a long road running from the realm of Arnor in the north to Gondor in the south. The road begins in the city Fornost Erain, the capital of Arthedain. It crossesthe Great East Road at Bree, and runs to the southern end of the Misty Mountains. There, the road turned east, towards the cities of Minas Tirith and Osgiliath in Gondor. The road ended at Minas Ithil. A part of the road south of Bree is also known as the Greenway.

Rivendell (Sindarin: Imladris, Westron: "Karningul") was an elven city in eastern Eriador. It was founded in the Second Age by Elrond. He ruled it until the end of the Third Age.

Rohan or the Riddermark (or The Mark) was a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth. It was north of Gondor. Rohan was north of the White Mountains, southeast of Isengard and southwest of the Emyn Muil. It began as a part of Gondor named Calenardhon. The capital of Rohan is Edoras. The king's hall, Meduseld, is at Edoras.

A plague in 1636 T.A. and the later wars, caused Calenardhon to be mostly empty. Very few people lived there. In 2509 T.A. the Rohirrim came south from the north, to help Gondor fight against an invasion of Men from the north-east and Orcs from Mordor. The Rohirrim helped Gondor win the "Battle of the Field of Celebrant" and the war. Steward Cirion of Gondor gave the land Calenardhon to the Rohirrim. The King of the Rohirrim, Eorl the Young, swore the "Oath of Eorl." He said that Rohan would come and help Gondor if it needed help in war. Afterwards, the people of the Rohirrim moved into their new land. They changed the name to the "Riddermark" or just "The Mark". Gondor called the land "Rohan" (Sindarin: "Land of the Horse-lords").

The Shire is a land in Eriador. It is settled by hobbits. Its name in Westron was Sûza "Shire" or Sûzat "The Shire". Its name in Sindarin was i Drann. The Shire was settled by the hobbits in the 24th century T.A. It is divided into four "Farthings": the North-, West-, South- and Eastfarthing. The leaders of the Shire were "the Mayor" of Michel Delving, "the Thain" from Tuckborough and "the Master of Buckland".

Númenor was a huge star-shaped island west of Middle-earth in the Second Age. At the beginning of the Age it was given to the human peoples who had helped the elves in the wars against Morgoth. In the middle of the island was the mountain Meneltarma. It was a holy place for the Númenoreans. Númenor was divided into six regions. Each region was in one of each of the five "star-arm" and one in the middle. The outer regions were Forostar ("Northlands"), Andustar ("Westlands"), Hyarnustar ("Southwestlands"), Hyarrostar ("Southeastlands") and Orrostar ("Eastlands") The central region was Mittalmar ("Inlands"). In the eastern part of the central region was Arandor ("Kingsland"). the capital city Armenelos and the haven Rómenna. 

Their first king of Númenor was Elros Tar-Minyatur. He was the brother of Elrond. Númenor became the most powerful nation of Men. As time passed, many Númenoreans, including their kings, became power-hungry. They became enemies of the elves. Towards the end of the Second Age, Númenor was ruled by King Ar-Pharazôn the Golden. During that time, the island was destroyed and sank in the sea. Only a group of Númenoreans led by Elendil, the "Elendili" ("Elf-friends") or "the Faithful", were not destroyed with the island. They came to Middle-earth and founded the realms Arnor and Gondor. The "Akallabêth" is the story of Númenor's history and downfall.

Some of the many names of Númenor were "Westernesse", "Númenórë" (Quenya, the long form of "Númenor") and "Anadûnê" (Adûnaic), both meaning "West-land"; "Andor" (Quenya) and "Yôzâyan" (Adûnaic), which both mean "the Land of the Gift". Later it was also called "Atalantë" (Quenya) and "Akallabêth" (Adûnaic), both meaning "the Downfallen".



Parliamentary system

A parliamentary system of government means that the executive branch of government has the direct or indirect support of the parliament. 

Parliamentary systems often work where the head of government is the leader of the political party with the most members in the parliament.

This support is usually shown by a vote of confidence. A balanced relationship between the executive and the legislature in a parliamentary system is called responsible government.

The separation of powers between the executive and law making branches is not as obvious as it is in a presidential system. There are different ways of balancing power between the three branches which govern the country (the executive (or ministers), the law makers and the judges).

Parliamentary systems usually have a "head of government" and a "head of state". They change after their terms are over. The head of government is the prime minister, who has the real power. The head of state may be an elected president or, in the case of a constitutional monarchy, hereditary.

Examples of a few countries which practice parliamentary systems are India, Italy, Japan, Germany, and Latvia. Parliament is different in every country. 

Slavic

Slavic might mean:


Political asylum

Someone may ask for political asylum when they are frightened to live oppressed in their own country. They will then go to another country. If they are allowed to live in the new country this is called "political asylum".

People who seek asylum say they are victims of threats, physical harm or denigration of their human dignity as these are violating their human rights.

The political asylum is one of the human rights affirmed by Article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and a rules of international human rights law. All countries who have agreed to the "United Nations Conventions Relating to the Status of Refugees" must let people, who do qualify, come into their country.

People who qualify for asylum are those who can show that they might be badly treated in their own country because of their:

People often confuse exiling an individual from his/her home country as a migration to a political asylum but that is not as it seems, migrating with one's own will due to personal reasons can be a political migration but not under the sentence of Government.
People who are given political asylum are called refugees. They are often confused with "economic refugees". Economic refugees are people who move from a poor country to a richer one so that they may work and make more money, often to send back to their families.


Neuendorf-Sachsenbande

Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch, in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The municipality has an area of . On 31 December 2006, 493 people lived there. The town has the lowest point in Germany, which is below sea level.

The town was made on April 15, 2003, when the municipalities of "Neuendorf bei Wilster", "Sachsenbande", and "Bredensee" were all joined together.

Giessen (region)

Gießen is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany. It is in the middle of the state.


Cecilia Cheung

Cecilia Cheung is a Hong Kong actress and C-pop singer. She is the ex-wife of Nicholas Tse and ex-daughter-in-law of Patrick Tse and Deborah Lee. She and Nicholas have two sons, Lucas and Quintus.

Cheung was born at Man Wah Sun Chuen in Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, She is daughter to a Chinese father and a Chinese-British mother. Her parents divorced when she was just a child, after which she was sent to Australia to live with her aunt. Cheung has an elder half-sister, two younger brothers and a younger half-brother from her father's side of the family.

In 1998, while helping a hairstylist friend at a catwalk show, she was offered to appear in a TV advertisement advertising lemon tea. Later, Cheung made her movie debut as a young nightclub hostess in Stephen Chow's "King of Comedy" in 1999, followed soon after by "Fly Me to Polaris". Her role in "Fly Me to Polaris" got her the award for Best Newcomer at the Hong Kong Film Awards. In the same year, Cheung launched her singing career with her first C-pop album "Any Weather".

For Derek Yee's romance-drama "Lost in Time" (2003), Cheung won the Best Actress award at the Hong Kong Film Awards. She played a young woman who lost her fiancé in a traffic accident which left her as a grieving single mother struggling to make ends meet.

Cheung has been linked to Hong Kong singer-actor Edison Chen and has also dated another Hong Kong singer-actor Daniel Chan. She then dated Nicholas Tse in early 2002, but they split up late that year. Later she was rumored to have dated a younger Lu Siyuan before the relationship ended in 2003. Cheung suffered serious depression and eating disorder after the break up .

Cheung and Tse were first reported to be "getting back together" in early 2006 and on July 31 that year, Tse officially admitted dating Cheung in an interview with Commercial Radio Hong Kong 881/903. In September, the same year, Tse showed off his wedding ring at the Hong Kong International Airport, announcing he and Cheung had been married in a secret wedding ceremony in the Philippines.

On the 8 January 2007 episode of TVB's "Entertainment Scoop (東張西望)", Cheung was publicly confirmed by Nicholas' father, Patrick Tse to be approximately three months pregnant with the couple's first child. A March episode of "Entertainment Scoop (東張西望)" said that their child is due in August. It is confirmed by Nicholas Tse that she is expecting a baby boy.

On 2 August, it was reported that Cheung and Tse were both in the maternity ward waiting for their child to be born. However no specific photo was enclosed with such report. The very next day, Cecilia gave birth to a baby boy named Lucas.

In January and February 2008 many explicit photos were found online involving Cecilia Cheung and Edison Chen. The scandal also involved Gillian Chung and Bobo Giglioti.




Giessen (district)

Gießen () is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.


Marburg-Biedenkopf

Marburg-Biedenkopf is a "Landkreis" (district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1974 when the districts Marburg, Biedenkopf and the former urban district of Marburg were merged. The urban district is now a "town with special status" inside the district.

The district has partnerships with Huntingdonshire in the United Kingdom, the borough of Charlottenburg in Berlin, and the district of Kościerzyna in Poland.

The main river in the district is the Lahn.


Lahn-Dill-Kreis

Lahn-Dill is a "Kreis" (district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.
In 1977 the district Gießen was merged with the districts Wetzlar and Dillkreis to the new Lahn-Dill-Kreis. However this big district was not popular, so in 1979 Giessen was split from it.

The main rivers of the district are the Lahn and the Dill, which also gave it the name.


Vogelsbergkreis

The Vogelsbergkreis is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts Alsfeld and Lauterbach.

The main feature of the district is the Vogelsberg, an extinct volcano, last active 7 million years ago.


5-1-1

5-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and some parts of Canada. It is made to be easy to remember. People can dial the number on a landline phone or on a mobile phone to get information about traffic and travel. 

In March 2001, there were more than three hundred phone numbers about traffic and travel. This was confusing to many people, because so many numbers existed, or were there, for the same thing. To fix this, the United States Department of Transportation (called the USDOT) asked the Federal Communications Commission (called the FCC) for a special N11 code. On July 21, 2000, the FCC made 5-1-1 the national telephone number for travel information.


6-1-1

6-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada. It is the number to call for phone service customers when there is a problem with phones in an area, or when a payphone is not working properly. Many mobile phone service providers use 6-1-1 as a customer service number. 

The Federal Communications Commission did not officially decide that the 6-1-1 number should be used for this. They decided to let it stay because it had already been accepted, or chosen, by the North America Numbering Plan.

Fulda

Fulda () is a city in Hesse, Germany; it is on the Fulda River and is the administrative seat of the Fulda district ("Kreis").

The Benedictine monastery of Fulda was founded in 744 by Saint Sturm, a disciple of Saint Boniface, when Boniface was reorganising the church in Germany.

From its foundation, the abbey Fulda and its territory was subject only to the German emperor, not to the control of the local lords. Fulda was made a bishopric in 1752 and the prince-abbots were given the additional title of prince-bishop. The prince-abbots (and later prince-bishops) ruled Fulda and the surrounding region until the bishopric was forcibly dissolved by Napoleon in 1802.
From 1764 until 1789 Fulda had a porcelain factory. Because of its quality and rarity, it is much prized by collectors. The factory was begun under Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Heinrich von Bibra and closed down shortly after his death by his successor, Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Adalbert von Harstall.

Arround 1717-1804, People from Stift Fulda went to Hungary, and settled especially in the Komitat Baranya. This subgroup of the Danube Swabians are called Stifolder or Stiffoller,
There is also a street named the Stiffollerweg in Petersberg near Fulda

Abbots

Prince-Abbots





Fulda (district)

Fulda () is a "Kreis" (district) in the north-east of Hesse, Germany. 
The district was created in 1821, when the duchy of Stift Fulda became a province of Hesse, and was split into four districts. The last change to the district was in 1975, when the Hünfeld district was added to the district.

Arround 1717-1804, People from Stift Fulda went to Hungary, and settled especially in the Komitat Baranya. This subgroup of the Danube Swabians are called Stiffoller,
There is also a street named the Stiffollerweg in Petersberg near Fulda


Kassel (region)

Kassel is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany, in the north of the country. It was created in 1866 when Prussia took over the area to form the new province Hesse-Nassau. Altogether it consists of 138 municipalities.


Kassel (district)

Kassel is a "Landkreis" (Rural District) in the north of Hesse, Germany. The district-free city Kassel is nearly completely surrounded by the district.

1972 the previous districts of Kassel, Hofgeismar and Wolfhagen were joined to form the newly established district of Kassel.


Transvaal

The Transvaal (lit. "beyond the Vaal [pale river]") is the name of an area of northern South Africa. At the start, it made up a great part of the independent Boer South African Republic. Before the Anglo-Boer War of 1899-1902 it was the Transvaal Colony. It is one of the original provinces of the Union of South Africa from 1910 until 1994 with capital in Pretoria. The province no longer exists, and its territory now forms the provinces of Gauteng, Limpopo and Mpumalanga and part of the North West Province. Even though it no longer exists as an administrative unit, the Transvaal is still a commonly used geographical term and retains its historical meaning.

Kuril Islands

The Kuril Islands (; ; ), also called the , are a group of islands (archipelago) between Russia and Japan. The northern islands are a part of Russia and the southern islands are a part of Japan. Both countries say that they own four of the islands in the middle of the group. This disagreement is called the Kuril Islands dispute.

Japan is asking for return of Etorofu, Kunashiri, Shikotan and Habomai shoto. They say that these islands are being illegally held by Russia. Several political parties in Japan are asking for return of all Chishima Islands. Russia has said that it would return Shikotan and Habomai shoto in 1956 but Japan did not agree to this agreement because it meant the United States would keep the island of Okinawa.



Japan does not say these are a part of the Chishima Islands


Botnet

A Botnet (short for robot network) is a word which is sometimes used by computer scientists. Botnets are made up of many software agents. Each software agent is controlled remotely. Botnets are known for their ability to act as a unit.

Such networks are often used to send E-Mail Spam, but they can also be used to attack (and bring down) a computer through Denial of Service attacks, amongst others.

A Botnet can also be referred to as a group of hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of zombie computers that are under the control of an attacker.

Baroque (band)

Baroque (written as baroque) is a Japanese visual kei rock band. Although all members of Baroque were men, they dressed up when they performed in concert. At their concerts, their received much criticism and so the band broke up.

Members<br>Ryo (Vocals)<br>Kei (Guitar)<br>Bansaku (Bass)<br>Akira(Guitar)

Luna Lovegood

Luna Lovegood is a fictional character in the Harry Potter books written by J. K. Rowling. She was sorted in the House of Ravenclaw and first appears in the movies and the books in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. 

Many people in the Harry Potter series think she is a strange girl. This has led to her having the nickname "Loony Lovegood", but she does not change herself. She is the daughter of Xenophilius Lovegood and Pandora Lovegood, and lives near the Weasley's house, in a black tower. She is also the cousin of Draco Malfoy through her father, who was disowned due to being a blood traitor. She was in her first year at Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry in Harry Potter's second year Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and was in her fourth year when she first came into the series. In the movies, she was played by Evanna Lynch.

While Luna is not directly mentioned in this book, her existence is first alluded to at Stoatshead Hill where the Weasley family, minus Mrs. Weasley, along with Harry and Hermione meet Amos Diggory and his son Cedric to catch a Portkey to the Quidditch World Cup. The Lovegood family is mentioned when Amos asks Arthur if they are expecting more wizards to meet them at the Portkey. Arthur replies that the Fawcetts were unable to get tickets and the Lovegoods arrived a week earlier.

In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry first meets Luna (in her fourth year) on the Hogwarts Express train where is described as having straggly (messy), waist-length, dirty blonde hair and a distant dreamy, look. Harry thinks that she is odd because she was reading The Quibbler upside-down, and wearing a necklace made of butterbeer corks and radish earrings. When Harry first sees the Thestrals (black horse like creatures that can fly) pulling the carts, Luna tells him that she can see them too. Both Harry and Luna could see the Thestrals when most others could not because they had both seen death, and Thestrals can only be seen by someone who has witnessed death. 

Later, Luna tells Harry that she and her father believe him about the conspiracy involving Harry, and that they support him. When Harry forms Dumbledore's Army, Luna joins and gets better at defensive magic. When Gryffindor's Quidditch team played against Slytherin, Luna supported Gryffindor by making a life size lion hat that roared realistically. Later in the book, when Harry was going to contact Kreacher about the location of Sirius Black, Luna kept watch for him, telling everyone that there was a gas leak. When Professor Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad (a group of students who were given power over other students to punish) found him, Luna was captured and held by a Slytherin. While being held, Harry saw her looking out the window, as if she was bored. After they had escaped, it was Luna's idea to travel to the Ministry of Magic by Thestrals. During the battle at the Department of Mysteries, Luna took an active part in the fighting, until she was hit by a Stunning spell that knock her briefly unconscious. After Sirius's death Harry noted that Luna was the only person that could truly comfort him about it, because, like Harry, Luna had also lost someone close to her, her mother.

Harry first meets Luna again on the Hogwarts Express when he sits with her in a compartment, with Neville Longbottom. When some admirers of Harry's say that he could sit with them, Harry declines, saying that Luna and Neville "are cool". Later in the year, near Christmas, Harry invited Luna to be his guest at Professor Slughorn's party; Harry noted that she looked pretty, she wore a "spangled silver dress", and while at the party, she talked to vampires and shared her off-beat beliefs. That send Harry into coughing with laughter.

Soon after the Party, Luna was the commentator at a Quidditch (which is a game played at Hogwarts) match, in which she went off on side topics by saying that the Hufflepuff Chaser, Zacharias Smith suffered from "Losers' Lurgy" and she also pointed out oddly shaped clouds, and often forgot players names. Although Professor McGonagall was annoyed, a lot of students found her commentary highly amusing. At the end of the year, Luna patrolled the corridors in search of Death Eaters.

Harry first meets Luna this time at Bill and Fleur's wedding, in which she and her father, Xenophilius Lovegood wore "egg yolk" yellow robes. Later, Luna was captured on the Hogwarts Express by Death Eaters because her father wrote the truth about Harry in The Quibbler. Harry assists Luna out of Malfoy Manor, where she had been taken hostage, and she comforted Mr. Ollivander (who had also been taken prisoner because Voldemort needed information from him), by sharing her beliefs. 

At Dobby's funeral, Luna gave a nice eulogy which calmed everyone, thanking Dobby for rescuing them all from Malfoy Manor. Later when Harry had to find Ravenclaw's lost diadem, Luna escorted him into the Ravenclaw common room, where she also stunned Alecto Carrow, a Death Eater. At the Battle of Hogwarts, she cast her Hare Patronus, which made several approaching Dementors leave, and she also fought Bellatrix Lestrange. After the Battle, Luna created a distraction, so that Harry could be alone.

J.K. Rowling said in an interview that Luna became a Magizoologist, the 'Wizard equivalent of a naturalist' and she married fellow naturalist Rolf Scamander. Somewhere in between 2008 and 2011 she had 2 twin sons named Lorcas and Lysander.

Michael Bloomberg

Michael Rubens Bloomberg (born February 14, 1942) is an American business magnate, politician and philanthropist. He was the 108th Mayor of New York City for three terms from 2002 to 2013, as both a Republican and an independent who purveyed socially liberal and fiscally moderate policies. He has a net worth of $53 billion. He is the ninth-richest person in the United States. He is the thirteenth-richest person in the world. He is the founder and 88% owner of Bloomberg L.P.. In November 2019, Bloomberg announced his presidential campaign for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 2020. He ended his campaign in March 2020 after losing many states on Super Tuesday.

Michael Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth's Hospital, in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston, on February 14, 1942. He is Jewish. His father, William Henry Bloomberg (1906–1963), was a real estate agent and the son of Alexander "Elick" Bloomberg, an immigrant from Russia. His mother, Charlotte Rubens Bloomberg (January 2, 1909 – June 19, 2011), was a native of Jersey City, New Jersey. His maternal grandfather, Max Rubens, was an immigrant from present-day Belarus, then also part of Russia.

Bloomberg received a Bachelor's degree in engineering from Johns Hopkins University in 1964. He received a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University in 1966.

Bloomberg began his career at Salomon Brothers before forming his company in 1981 and became its Chairman and CEO. He also served as chairman of the board of trustees at his alma mater Johns Hopkins University from 1996 to 2002.

He was a Democrat before running for office. He switched his party registration in 2001 to run for mayor as a Republican. He defeated opponent Mark Green in a close election held just weeks after the September 11 attacks. Bloomberg won a second term in 2005 and left the Republican Party two years later. He campaigned to change the city's term limits law and was elected to his third term in 2009 as an independent candidate on the Republican ballot line. He was criticized by many for his "Stop And Frisk" policy, which has been criticized for disproportionately affecting Black and Hispanic men in New York City, as most of those stopped (~90%) were not found to be guilty of any crime or wrongdoing.

He was often mentioned as a possible candidate for the U.S. presidential elections in 2008 and 2012, and for New York Governor in 2010. He declined to seek either office, instead wanting to continue serving as Mayor of New York. On January 1, 2014, Bill de Blasio succeeded him as Mayor of New York City.

Bloomberg is co-chair with Tom Steyer and Henry Paulson for a report called "Risky Business" by a coalition of top U.S. political and economic leaders from the political left, right, and center on the dire economic consequences from climate change (global warming), from lost property to ruined crops.

In 2015, there was speculation of Bloomberg possibly running for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. On January 10, 2016, Bloomberg showed interest in running as an Independent in the upcoming election. On March 7, 2016, Bloomberg said that he will not run for president lest it bring victory to Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.

Following the 2016 election, Bloomberg was seen as a possible candidate for the 2020 election. In October 2018, Bloomberg announced that he had changed his political party affiliation to Democratic. In March 2019, Bloomberg said that he would not run for president.

However, later that year on November 7, 2019, Bloomberg announced that he was taking steps to enter the 2020 presidential race, and said that he would make a formal announcement of his campaign soon. On November 21, he filed paperwork to enter the Democratic primaries. Three days later, Bloomberg launched his campaign and his official website.

Bloomberg's total spending in the primary has passed $500 million, making it the most money spent on a presidential primary campaign in American history.

On Super Tuesday, Bloomberg won the American Samoa caucus which brought his first and only victory in his campaign. He ended his campaign the next day on March 4, 2020 and announced his support of Joe Biden.

Bloomberg was married to Susan Brown from 1975 until they divorced in 1993. He is now in a domestic partnership with Diana Taylor since 2000. Bloomberg has two daughters with Brown.



Umpire

An umpire is someone who makes sure all of the rules are followed. Umpires are used mainly in sports like Baseball, tennis, and cricket.

The Umpire officiate the game. Their responsibilities include:

Linda Lingle

Linda Lingle (born Linda Cutter; June 4, 1953) is an American politician. She was the sixth Governor of Hawaii. She is a Republican.

Gackt

Gackt Camui ( 神威 楽斗 Kamui Gakuto ) is a Japanese musician, songwriter and actor. Usually referred to by his stage name Gackt, he is best known for his work with Malice Mizer and his following career as a solo artist. Besides Japanese language, he has performed in English, Korean, Cantonese and Mandarin.

Gackt was born in Okinawa, Japan on 4 July 1973. He is the second of three children, with an older sister and a younger brother. His father and mother were music teachers who played various instruments with his father primarily playing the trumpet. According to his autobiography, he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa. After this near death experience, he claimed to have the ability to see and speak with the deceased, a notion which was dismissed by his parents. At the age of ten, Gackt was hospitalized with a gastrointestinal tract and had to remain at the hospital for a long time. He made the acquaintance of several terminally ill children, some of whom died during his stay.

Gackt's musical education began at age three, when his parents started his classical piano education, of which he grew tired four years later. It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit. Competition with a friend lead to Gackt taking back up the piano, and he was later encouraged to learn other various instruments, especially those used in a rock band, throughout the rest of his time in school.

In 1995, Gackt joined Malice Mizer as the group's vocalist, lyricist and pianist. Fan base and record sales grew substantially over the following years. Malice Mizer released two albums with Gackt ("Voyage ~Sans Retour~" and "Merveilles") along with seven singles. According to Gackt, when he began taking on more roles in the band, he was asked to leave the group. The other members of the band say that this is not true and that Gackt simply "disappeared" after waiting for him once their break was over.

Gackt began his solo career on 12 May 1999 with the release "Mizerable". Several albums, singles and videos have followed. He has also done voice acting and motion capturing. He co-wrote and co-starred in the 2003 movie "Moon Child", which also stars Hyde (vocalist of L'Arc~en~Ciel) and Wang Lee Hom (Taiwanese-American actor-singer). Also in 2003, Gackt published his autobiography titled "Jihaku" and for Caparison Guitars, he has designed two guitars, named "Marcury" and "Venus".

In 2007, Gackt played the warlord Uesugi Kenshin in the TV drama "Fūrinkazan" The single "Returner ~Yami no Shuuen~", was released on June 20, 2007. This was the first in his career (both solo and in a band) to reach the number one spot on the Japanese Oricon charts. Gackt was also the voice actor for Malthazar in the Japanese release of the film "Arthur and the Minimoys".

On 19 December, Gackt released an album titled "0079-0088" containing 8 tracks, which had either previously been used on the soundtracks of the "Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam" movies or were covers of earlier songs from the "Gundam" franchise. It was created as a tribute to the creator of "Gundam", Yoshiyuki Tomino, for his birthday.

On 25 May 2007, the formation of the supergroup Skin was announced, which also consists of Miyavi, Sugizo and Yoshiki. The group gave its debut performance at an Anime convention in Long Beach California on 29 June 2007.

GacktJob is Gackt's live support band. Its current lineup is as follows:

Former members:


Cebuano language

Cebuano (also referred to as Bisaya) is one of the main languages spoken in the Philippines. More than 28 million people speak this language. Cebuano is a member of the Visayan language family. 

While Tagalog has more speakers than any other language in the Philippines today, Cebuano was the most widely spoken language in the Philippines from the 1950s until the 1980s. Cebuano is by far the most widely spoken of the Visayan languages.

It is the most spoken language by many people in the Central Visayas, western parts of the Eastern Visayas, some western parts of Palawan and most parts of Mindanao. Cebuano is one of the three main Visayan languages, along with Waray and Hiligaynon, which are more closely related to it.

The name of the language comes from the Philippine island of Cebu, suffixed with the Spanish "-ano" (meaning nature, or a location). In other words, the language is more commonly called "Bisaya". However, this can cause confusion among non-native speakers, as there are many other languages called "Bisaya" even though they cannot be understood by people who speak what linguists call "Cebuano". In this sense, "Cebuano" applies to all speakers of the language who come from Cebu island, regardless of where they live now, as well as to the language they speak.

Some people do not like the term "Cebuano". For example, many Cebuano speakers in Leyte, Bohol, and Northern Mindanao (Dipolog, Dapitan, Misamis Occidental, and Misamis Oriental, as well as in coastal areas of Butuan) say that their ancestors were Cebuano speakers who were native to their area, not immigrants or settlers from the Visayas. Also, they want to call themselves as Bisaya and their language "Binisaya" rather than "Cebuano".

Cebuano has two numeral systems. The native system is mostly used for counting things, like animals or houses. The Spanish system is only used for money and time. It is also used for counting from 11 and up.


Unna

Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is on an ancient salt-trading route, the Hellweg road.

Max Weber (disambiguation)

Max Weber may refer to:


Max Weber (politician)

Max Weber (August 2, 1897 – December 2, 1974) was a Swiss politician.

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on December 13, 1951 and handed over office on January 31, 1954. He was member of the Social Democratic Party. During his time in office he held the Department of Finance.


Max Weber (general)

"There is also a Max Weber, German political economist and sociologist."

Maximilian "Max" Emil Weber (27 August 1824 in Achern – 15 June 1901 in Brooklyn) was a military officer in the armies of Germany and later the United States, most known for serving as a brigadier general in the Union army during the American Civil War.


Oconto County, Wisconsin

Oconto County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 38,965 people living in Oconto county as of the year 2020. The county seat is Oconto.

The county has an area of 1,149 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.




Niedergösgen

Niedergösgen is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Niederwil, Solothurn

Niederwil was a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. In 2011, Niederwil merged into Riedholz.

Nunningen

Nunningen is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Oberbuchsiten

Oberbuchsiten is a municipality in the district of Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oberdorf, Solothurn

Oberdorf is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Obergerlafingen

Obergerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Isengard (Norwegian band)

Isengard was the side project of Darkthrone's drummer and poet Fenriz.


Bunker (disambiguation)

A bunker is a defensive military building.

Bunker can also mean:

Media

Places:

People:

Tom DeLonge

Thomas Matthew DeLonge, Jr. (born December 13, 1975) is an American musician. He was the guitarist of Pop-punk band blink-182, until their break up in 2005. He also took a part in a project called Box Car Racer. He plays and records with Angels & Airwaves, his new band that he started after blink-182's break up. In 2009, blink-182 reunited, and they released a new album in September 2011, titled Neighborhoods. In 2012, blink-182 toured Australia for the first time since 2004. 

United States Geological Survey

The United States Geological Survey (USGS) is a scientific agency of the United States government. The agency is a part of the United States Department of the Interior. 

The scientists of the USGS study the landscape of the United States, its natural resources, and the natural hazards that threaten it. The organization has four major science disciplines: biology, geography, geology, and hydrology. The USGS is a fact-finding research organization. It has no power to regulate.

The USGS science focus is on seven "Mission Areas", (1) Climate and land use change, (2) Core science systems, (3) Ecosystems, (4) Energy and minerals, (5) Environmental health, (6) Natural hazards, and (7) Water. 

Administratively, it is divided into a Headquarters unit and six Regional Units. Other specific programs include:

The USGS Earthquake Hazards Program monitors earthquake activity worldwide. Its National Earthquake Information Center (NEIC) in Golden, Colorado detects the location and magnitude of global earthquakes. The USGS also runs or supports several regional monitoring networks in the U.S. under the umbrella of the Advanced National Seismic System (ANSS). The USGS informs authorities, emergency responders, the media, and the public, both domestic and worldwide, about significant earthquakes. It also maintains long-term archives of earthquake data for scientific and engineering research. It also conducts and supports research on long-term seismic hazards.

The USGS operates the streamgaging network for the United States, with over 7400 streamgages. Real-time streamflow data are available online.
The motto of the USGS is ""Science for a changing world"."

Pyroclastic flow

A pyroclastic flow, pronounced pie-roh-class-tick, (also known as a pyroclastic density current) is a flow of "lava", as commonly associated with volcanic eruptions. The flows are currents of hot gas, or "tephra", during an eruption that sometimes causes rock falls. A cloud forms over the river of hot rock. This boiling column of superheated gas, sand, tephra, obsidian, and pumice can reach soaring temperatures of 1,000ºC and is from 450 to 700 miles per hour.

They are extremely dangerous and can be deadly.

Mudflow

A mudflow or mudslide occurs when mud travels down a slope very quickly. Mudflows, which are like giant moving mud pies, happen when lots of water mixes with soil and rock. The water makes the slippery mass of mud flow quickly down. Mudflows happen most in mountainous places where a long dry season is followed by heavy rains. 

Mudflows of volcanic eruptions are the most dangerous, and are called lahars. A lahar is a type of mudflow or debris flow composed of a slurry of pyroclastic material, rocky debris, and water. The material flows down from a volcano, typically along a river valley. Lahars can move as quickly as 80km/h and are as thick as liquid concrete.

Lahars have several possible causes:
Lahars can occur without volcanic activity, if conditions are right for the collapse and movement of mud from existing volcanic ash deposits.

Stuart Duncan

Stuart Duncan (born April 14, 1964) is an American fiddle, banjo, mandolin, and guitar player. In his career, Duncan has recorded with artists such as Dolly Parton, Barbra Streisand, George Strait, Reba McEntire, Bela Fleck, Jerry Douglas, and Chris Thile.


Class (programming)

Class and object are basic building blocks in object-oriented programming languages. A class is written by a programmer in a defined structure to create an object (computer science) in an object oriented programming language. It defines a set of properties and methods that are common to all objects of one type. 

For example, a class could be a car, which could have a color field, four tire fields, and a drive method.
Another related class could be a truck, which would have similar fields, but not be exactly the same as a car. Both a car and a truck could be a kind of a third class which could be called a vehicle class. In this way, the programmer could create the parts of the program that are the same for both the car and the truck in programming the vehicle class, yet the programmer would be free to program how a car is different from a truck without duplicating all of the programming.

In this example, there are three classes: 1) a class called "car", 2) a class called "pick-up truck", and 3) a class called "vehicle". These classes would be used to make objects. Although there is only one class called "car", there could be many objects that are created from the class called "car". And, although there is only one class that is called "truck", many objects of type truck could be created from this class. The "vehicle" class is actually general and there would probably not be any objects that were only of the class "vehicle". But a car would be a kind of vehicle and a truck would also be a kind of vehicle. So, you could say that both cars and trucks are from the same class, vehicle.

Inside of classes are two kinds of things: methods and fields (or properties). Methods can store the code for doing actions; in this example you could have a drive method and a brake method, and maybe a turnRight and turnLeft method. Fields store data; you could have a color field, a speed field and a size field. You can call methods by first making an object of the Car or Truck class, and call it for example ferrari, and doing ferrari.methodName(). In this case, if we wanted to make the vehicle move, we could do ferrari.drive().

Here is an example realized with Java. Please notice that all unnecessary aspects are left out.
public class vehicle { // base class for all vehicles

public class car extends vehicle {

public class truck extends vehicle {

Loggerhead sea turtle

The loggerhead sea turtle or loggerhead, ("Caretta caretta"), is a type of turtle that lives in the sea. It is from the family Cheloniidae. 

Loggerheads live in the seas around the world. Most of the beaches where loggerheads lay eggs are found on the coasts of the United States in North America (mostly in Florida), Oman in Asia, and Australia in the Pacific Ocean. Some loggerheads also live near other countries like Chile, Greece, and Indonesia.

Loggerheads eat fish, squid, jellyfish, crabs, and other small sea animals. Loggerheads mate while they are moving in the seas mostly from March to June every 2 or 3 years. When they are ready to lay eggs female loggerheads always come back to the same beach where they came out of their eggs as babies. Most loggerheads lay eggs in June and July. Most lay between 100 and 126 eggs. The eggs look much like ping-pong balls.

When they come out of the eggs baby loggerheads are called "hatchlings". They usually come out at night so that other animals, like birds and crabs, do not eat them. The hatchlings follow light from the morning sun to the sea. They swim out to parts of the ocean that have seaweed (plants that grow in the sea) to hide from other animals while they grow.

Most loggerheads move to warm waters during months that are colder but some hibernate, or sleep for long times, when it is cold. When they are hibernating they can stay under the water for up to seven hours before coming up for air.

Loggerheads live 30 to 50 years or more.

In the past loggerhead sea turtles were hunted by people for meat and for their eggs. Also their fat and shells were used to make medicines, combs, and other things. The number of loggerheads today is small and so governments in many countries have laws that do not allow them to be hunted anymore.

The main danger for loggerheads now is the nets used by fishermen which can accidentally kill the turtles. They are also killed by boats, fishing hooks, and other dangers from people.

Civilization is harming the loggerhead reproduction cycle, due to beach construction.




Islamic Golden Age

The Islamic Golden Age, also sometimes known as the 
Islamic Renaissance, is traditionally said to have lasted from the 8th century AD to the 13th century. However, some place the beginning of the Islamic Golden Age as early as the Umayyad Caliphate (founded by Mu'awiya I), and place its end as late as the end of the 15th-16th centuries, including the rise of the Islamic gunpowder empires, referring to the Ottoman Empire, Safavid Empire and the Mughal Empire.

The Islamic Golden Age is traditionally understood to have begun during the reign of the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid (786 to 809) with the inauguration of the House of Wisdom, which saw scholars from all over the Muslim world flock to Baghdad, the world's largest city by then, to translate the known world's classical knowledge into Arabic and Persian. Under the Umayyads, Al-Andalus also became a centre of science, medicine, philosophy and invention during the Islamic Golden Age. 
This period was called the "Golden Age", because engineers, scholars and traders in the Islamic world did much for the arts, agriculture, economics, industry, law, literature, navigation, philosophy, sciences, and technology in this time. They built upon earlier traditions and added inventions and innovations of their own. Howard R. Turner writes: "Muslim artists and scientists, princes and laborers together created a unique culture that has directly and indirectly influenced societies on every continent."


Gian Lorenzo Bernini

Gian Lorenzo (or Gianlorenzo) Bernini (, , ; Giovanni Lorenzo; 7 December 159828 November 1680) was one of the greatest artists of the Italian Baroque period. He was famous both for his sculpture and his architecture. From 1627, he worked for Pope Urban XIII and then for Pope Alexander VII at St. Peter's Basilica where he designed the famous "piazza" (place) in front of the basilica and many of the most splendid things that are inside.

Bernini was born in Naples, Italy. He was the son of Pietro Bernini (1562-1629) who was a well known sculptor. When he was about 7 years old, his father took him to Rome.

As a boy and as a young man living in Rome, he saw the works of many famous artists. He saw the famous fresco paintings on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel by Michelangelo, one of the most famous artists of the 1500s. The paintings told the Bible story of Creation. He saw the huge dome of St. Peter's Basilica which Michelangelo designed and the new extension to the building that was being built by Carlo Maderna.

One artist who Bernini knew well was Annibale Carracci who painted scenes on the ceilings of rooms for the pope. The scenes told stories, often Ancient Roman legends. Carracci took Bernini into St. Peter's Basilica. Bernini fell on his knees and decided at that moment that he wanted to make something beautiful and splendid to honour Saint Peter.

Another artist whose work Bernini saw was Caravaggio. Caravaggio's paintings were nothing like Carracci's. Carracci's pictures were bright, lively and colourful. Caravaggio's pictures were dark, sad and often frightening. But looking into Caravaggio's paintings was like looking at something that was really happening while you were watching. The people in Caravaggio's paintings looked as if they could breathe, speak and feel pain.

By the time he was 20, Bernini was a sculptor, carving statues out of marble. He had learnt a lot, not just how to carve marble, which he learnt from his father, but how to make figures that told stories like Carracci's and Michelangelo's and seemed to be alive, like Caravaggio's. An important man in the Roman Catholic Church, Cardinal Scipione Borghese, saw his work and became his patron, paying Bernini to make many beautiful sculptures for him and his family. Soon the cardinal's uncle got to hear about Bernini. He was Pope Urban VIII, the most powerful man in Italy. He asked Bernini to work for him at St. Peter's Basilica. Bernini spent 40 years of his life there, all the time except for a trip to France and shorter visits to other cities.

Most sculptures of that time were just of one figure. But Bernini had seen Michelangelo's famous sculpture of the "Pieta" which showed the Virgin Mary grieving over the body of her dead son, Jesus. Bernini made figures that were in groups and told stories. One of his famous groups comes from Roman Mythology. It shows the god, Apollo chasing a beautiful wood nymph (a sort of fairy) that he had fallen in love with. But her father had magic powers and suddenly turned his daughter into a tree. Bernini sculptured the very moment when her toes are turning into roots, her legs are becoming the trunk, and leaves are sprouting out of her hands and long hair. She has her mouth open and a look of horror on her face. No-one had ever tried to carve anything like that in marble before. The thing that is so amazing about Bernini's sculpture is that he has made the flesh, the wood, the leaves and the hair all look so real, even though they are all carved in white stone.

Bernini's most famous sculpture is "St. Theresa in Ecstasy". It tells the story of a saint who had a vision of an angel. Her vision was so beautiful that she fainted. Bernini has sculptured the vision, with St. Theresa lying on a cloud with the laughing angel in front of her. Their robes are blowing around, and it is hard to believe that the whole scene, which is set against a wall, is not really floating. Bernini did not just design the statues. He also designed the walls of the chapel around it, which is like a stage-set, made of beautifully patterned marble. Against another wall, he carved a balcony and several white marble people looking at the scene. They are members of the family that paid for the chapel.

The city of Rome has lots of squares with fountains in them. Pope Alexander wanted to make the city more beautiful, so during his time, more fountains were made. One of the biggest squares in Rome was the Piazza Navona. On one side of the piazza was the church of St. Agnes, built by Borromini. Bernini thought it was an ugly building. He was asked to make the ""Fountain of the Rivers"" in the square, right outside the church. It has four figures who are symbols of four rivers. Bernini carved one of river-figures looking up at the church and throwing his hands in the air in shock at its ugliness. Borromini was very upset with Bernini's joke, which has been there now for more than 300 years.

Bernini's first work at St. Peter's was to design the "baldacchino" which is like a tent or "pavilion" above the High Altar. This amazing thing is 30 metres (98 ft) tall and is probably the largest piece of bronze in the world. It stands underneath Michelangelo's dome and has four huge bronze twisted columns decorated with olive leaves and bees, because bees were the symbol of Pope Urban. Pope Urban had a niece that he loved very much and he got Bernini to put her face and the face of her new-born baby boy on the columns as well.

Holding up the dome of the Basilica were four enormous stone pillars (piers). Bernini had a great idea for the big piers. He had four hollow "niches" carved into them where four huge statues could stand. This sent some people into a panic because they thought the dome would fall down, but it did not.

The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St. Andrew, the brother of St. Peter. No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious. Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St. Helena who found the cross, St. Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St. Andrew. Even though the design is Bernini's, the statues, which are all 5 metres high, were made by four different sculptors. Only St. Longinus is the work of Bernini.
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years. It is called the "Cattedra Petri" or "throne of St. Peter". The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called "Doctors of the Church" because they were all great writers and teachers. The statues are made of bronze. They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church. Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster. The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels. Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven. There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.
To the west of the basilica is the "Piazza di San Pietro" (St. Peter's Place). The piazza was designed by Bernini and built between 1656 and 1667. It was not an easy job because the designer had lots of things to think about. Firstly, many people complained that Maderna's "facade" on St. Peter's looked too wide, so Bernini wanted to make it look narrower, not wider. Secondly, in the old square left over from the Old St. Peter's, Pope Sixtus V had a monument set up. This monument was a precious Ancient Egyptian "obelisk" (which is like a tall column, but with four flat sides). From its base to the top of the cross (that the pope had put on top) it was 40 metres (131 ft) high, and had been brought to Roman in ancient times. The obelisk really should be at the centre of the new square, but it was not in quite the right place, and was very difficult to move without breaking. The third problem was that Maderna had built a fountain to one side of the obelisk, and Bernini needed to make another fountain to match it, otherwise the design would look unbalanced.

Bernini solved the problem by making two areas, instead of one huge one. The first area is an almost-square area right in front of the facade. It is cleverly designed with sloping sides that make the building look taller and not so wide. The second part of the piazza is oval. It has the obelisk at the centre with two fountains on either side at the widest part. The two parts of the piazza are surrounded by a "colonnade" (covered walk-way) which is carried on tall columns. All around are large statues of saints which seem to look down on the thousands of visitors that come to the square every day. The colonnade is in two great arcs that seem to stretch out like loving arms, welcoming people to the Basilica. In recent times some buildings were demolished, making another square, to match the one near the piazza. It is a good place for vans to park and can be seen in the photo.

The famous architectural historian, Sir Banister Fletcher, said that no other city in the world had given such a wonderful view to people visiting their main church. He said that no other architect except Bernini could have imagined such a noble design. He said it is the greatest entrance to the greatest Christian church in the whole world.

Bernini's last work for St. Peter's, 1676, was to decorate of the Chapel of the Sacrament. He designed a miniature temple just like the one that was built over the place where St. Peter died. He made it bronze covered with fine gold. On either side is an angel, one gazing in adoration and the other looking towards the viewer in welcome. Bernini died in 1680 aged 81, after working for St. Peter's for 40 years of his life.


Auguste Charlois

Auguste Honoré Charlois (26 November 1864 – 26 March 1910) was a French astronomer who discovered 99 asteroids while working in Nice.

He first discovered the asteroid 267 Tirza in 1887.

HCard

hCard, short for HTML vCard, is a format for publishing the contact information of people, companies, organizations, and places, in XHTML, Atom, RSS, or raw XML.

Ellen Axson Wilson

Ellen Louise Axson Wilson (May 15, 1860 – August 6, 1914), first wife of Woodrow Wilson was First Lady of the United States from 1913 until her death.

Ellen spent her childhood in Rome, Georgia. Her father’s name was Reverend S.E. Axson. Her father was a Presbyterian minister. Thomas Woodrow Wilson first saw Ellen when he was about six and she only a baby. In 1883, as a young lawyer from Atlanta, "Tommy" visited Rome (Georgia) and met "Miss Ellie Lou" again. She was looking after her father’s household. He wanted to marry her. The marriage took place in 1885, as she did not immediately wanted to leave her father alone. 

In the same year, her husband got a teaching job at Bryn Mawr College. They lived near the campus. She kept her younger brother with them. The Wilson couple had three children. Margaret was born in 1886; Jessie was born in 1887. A third child named Eleanor was born in Connecticut, while Wilson was teaching at Wesleyan University. 

Beginning in 1890, her husband had a well-known career at Princeton University. This brought much social responsibility to Ellen. She spent most of her time painting. She had a studio in the White House where she painted. 

The Wilson couple began their administration without any party. As the First Lady, Ellen’s entertainments were also simple. But her charms and warmness made the people happy. Her parties became successes. 

As the First Lady, Ellen Wilson tried for improving the housing for the "Negroes" living in Washington D.C. She visited the slums where Negro families lived. This brought their bad living condition to the attention of the Congressmen.

She had Bright's disease. She died on 6 August 1914 after an operation on her appendix. At the time of her death, she quietly said to the physician: "…take good care of my husband." She also told her physician to tell her husband to marry again after her death. Wilson was very sad at her death. He took her to Rome, Georgia for burial. He would later marry Edith Wilson in 1915.


Fédération Cynologique Internationale

The Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI, World Canine Organisation) is an association of kennel clubs. It is based in Thuin, Belgium.

It has 84 members and contract partners (one member per country) that each issue their own "pedigrees" (rules about how each type of dog should look) and train their own judges. The FCI makes sure that the pedigrees and judges are of one FCI member are recognised by all other FCI members.


Robertstown

Robertstown is a village in County Kildare, Ireland. It is near to many famous villages such as Allenwood.

Robertstown has a population of 707 people.

Hermanas Mirabal Province

Hermanas Mirabal (known previously as Salcedo province) is a Dominican province, in the north-central part of the country. Its capital city is Salcedo.

It was created on 1952 with the name Province Salcedo. In November 2007, its name was changed to Hermanas Mirabal. It was a municipality of the Espaillat province before being elevated to the category of province.

The Hermanas Mirabal province is bordered to the north and the west by the province of Espaillat, to the east by the Duarte province and to the south by La Vega.

"Hermanas Mirabal" ("Mirabal Sisters") were three sisters (Patria, Minerva and María Teresa Mirabal) that lived in Ojo de Agua, a small town in this province, and that were killed on 25 November 1960 by people of the dictator Rafael Trujillo. That day, 25 November, is now known as the "International Day of Non Violence Against Women".

The province was created in 1952 with the name of "Salcedo province", with the municipalities of Salcedo and Tenares, that were parts of the Espaillat province; Salcedo was named as capital of the province.

In 1959, Villa Tapia became a municipal district of the province but was made a municipality in 1968. Blanco was made a municipal district in 1968 and Jamao Afuera in 2003.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Hermanas Mirabal province, and 26,649 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the highest in the country

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 24th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 92,353 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Salcedo, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 35,306 inhabitants.

The Hermanas Mirabal province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 31st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province; only the Distrito Nacional is smaller.

There are two geographic regions in the province. The northern half of the province is in the southern side of the Cordillera Septentrional ("Northern mountain range"); the mountains here are not very high. The southern half is in the Cibao valley.

The altitude of Salcedo, provincial capital, is .

The only protected area in the province is the "Reserva Científica La Salcedoa" ("Scientific Reserve La Salcedoa"), created to protect the habitat of an endemic plant: the "Salcedoa mirabaliarum". The area is in a karstic region and includes part of the Espaillat province.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 3 municipalities and 2 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.


Breckerfeld

Breckerfeld is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, (Germany). It is in the southeastern part of the Ruhr area in northern Sauerland.

Paul Raud

Paul Raud (October 22, 1865 - November 22, 1930) was an Estonian painter. He had twin brother, Kristijan Raud, who was also painter. Paul Raud studied in Düsseldorfi art academy.


Alhazen

Alhazen or Alhacen or ibn al-Haytham (965–1039) was a pioneer of modern optics. Some have also described him as a "pioneer of the modern scientific method" and "first scientist", but others think this overstates his contribution. Alhazen's "Risala fi’l-makan" (Treatise on Place) discussed theories on the motion of a body. He maintained that a body moves perpetually unless an external force stops it or changes its direction of motion. He laid foundations for telescopic astronomy.

He was an Arab Muslim polymath who made contributions to the principles of optics, as well as to anatomy, engineering, mathematics, medicine, ophthalmology, philosophy, physics, psychology, Muslim theology, visual perception. He is sometimes called al-Basri (Arabic: البصري), after his birthplace in the city of Basra in Iraq (Mesopotamia).

Alhazen lived mainly in Cairo, Egypt, dying there at age 74. Over-confident about practical application of his mathematical knowledge, he thought he could regulate the floods of the Nile. When he was ordered by Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, the sixth ruler of the Fatimid caliphate, to carry out this operation, he realized he could not do it, and retired from engineering. Fearing for his life, he pretended to be mad, and was placed under house arrest. For the rest of his life he devoted himself entirely to his scientific work.



Weather balloon

A weather or sounding balloon is a balloon (specifically a type of high altitude balloon) which carries instruments in the sky to send back information on atmospheric pressure, temperature, and humidity by means of a small measuring tool called a radiosonde. To get wind data, they can be tracked by radar, radio direction finding, or navigation systems (such as the satellite based Global Positioning System). 

The invention of the weather balloon started the age of remote sensing, the ability to collect information where there are no people. Weather balloons are a major tool of atmospheric research. High altitude balloons have also been used by astronomers and cosmologists to take readings of certain particle frequencies or gather light readings free of excessive disturbance from Earth's lower atmosphere (troposphere).

The first observation balloon was launched immediately before the first manned balloon flight by Frenchmen Jean-François de Rozier and the Marquis d'Aalandes on November 21, 1783, for a pre-flight wind reading. Later, French meteorologist Leon Teisserenc de Bort (1855-1913) pioneered the use of weather balloons, handily proving their utility. With balloon-acquired data, he determined the existence of a lower level of the atmosphere, which he termed the troposphere or "sphere of change," where weather takes place. Since the 1930s, when radio tracking systems were invented, balloons have been used as complete floating weather stations, using such instruments as thermometers, barometers, hygrometers, cameras, and telescopes.

Many agencies use weather balloon flights to model the atmosphere and to make more accurate weather predictions. They collect such atmospheric information as temperature , pressure, and humidity that can then be plotted on weather maps. Three-dimensional atmospheric modeling is also possible using weather balloons because the instruments they carry are able to provide data collected from several different altitude points. Since they started, the long bags of helium have been carrying aloft increasingly sophisticated observation devices. The take the science of weather observation literally to the edges of outer space .

Einsatzgruppen

"The Einsatzgruppen" were a paramilitary group in Nazi Germany created by the notorious Nazi SS-Gestapo Officer Reinhard Heydrich . They were part of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS). They helped make The Holocaust happen by murdering about 12 million people throughout Europe. Almost all of the people they killed were civilians.

Sometimes, the "Einsatzgruppen" would kill only a few people at once. Other times, they would kill thousands of people in a few days. For example, at Babi Yar, the "Einsatzgruppen" killed 33,771 Jewish people in two days.

Most of the people the "Einsatzgruppen" killed were Jews. They killed between 5 and 6 million Jews. However, they also killed hundreds of thousands of Polish people, Soviets, and Roma people in Eastern Europe.

After Nazi Germany lost World War II, 24 leaders of the "Einsatzgruppen" were put on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg Trials. Sixteen were convicted. Fourteen were sentenced to death, and two were sentenced to life in prison. Other countries later tried four other "Einsatzgruppen" leaders, convicted them, and sentenced them to death.

SS leader Reinhard Heydrich created the "Einsatzgruppen" around 1938.

At first, in October 1938, Heydrich sent the "Einsatzgruppen" to the Sudetenland. Adolf Hitler, the leader of Nazi Germany, wanted to take over the Sudetenland. He was ready to use the Nazi military to invade the area. However, in the Munich Agreement, world powers agreed that Hitler could have the Sudetenland. The "Einsatzgruppen" helped take over government buildings, and took all the government papers they could find. They also arrested about 10,000 Czech communists and German citizens.

From September to December 1939, the "Einsatzgruppen" took part in the Nazis' Action T4 program. The Nazis believed that people with physical, intellectual, and mental disabilities did not deserve to live. Action T4 was a plan to kill them all. At first, the "Einsatzgruppen" and other Nazis shot these people. However, by spring of 1940, the Nazis started using gas chambers so they could kill people with disabilities more quickly.

In 1939, Hitler decided to invade Poland. Heydrich decided the "Einsatzgruppen" would follow the regular German Army. Their job would be to kill the most important people in Polish society, like clergy, teachers, and members of the academia. They would also kill anyone who refused to agree with Nazi ideas or rules. Adolf Hitler said: "...there must be no Polish leaders; where Polish leaders exist they must be killed[.]" The Einzatsgruppen followed this plan by killing about 65,000 civilians by the end of 1939. These people included Polish leaders, Jews, prostitutes, Roma people, and people with mental illnesses.

Finally, the "Einsatzgruppen" forced the surviving Jews in Poland to move to ghettos in big Polish citiies. The Nazis planned to get rid of all the Jews in Poland, but they had not yet decided where to send them. With the help of the German Army, the "Einsatzgruppen" also forced tens of thousands of Jews eastward into the part of Poland that the Soviet Union had taken over.

In 1941, Hitler decided to invade the Soviet Union. He called this plan Operation Barbarossa. Hitler hated communism. He wanted to take over the communist Soviet Union, and kill communism for good.

In May 1941, Heydrich gave the "Einsatzgruppen" an order to kill the Jews in the Soviet Union.

In June 1941, Heinrich Himmler, the leader of the SS, told other SS leaders that the Nazis planned to kill up to 30 million people in the Soviet Union. The "Einsatzgruppen" would play an important part in this by murdering people who the Nazis thought were inferior. However, the Nazis would also use other strategies, like starvation, to kill other Soviets.

The "Einsatzgruppen" were divided into seven battalions. Hitler's army invaded the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941. A few weeks later, the "Einsatzgruppen" started working in eastern Poland, which was controlled by the Soviet Union. Heydrich gave them three main jobs:

The "Einsatzgruppen" did these jobs in many ways. Sometimes, they would make lists of people who they thought were enemies, and would then murder them. Other times, they would perform massacres of thousands of people over a few days. For example, at Babi Yar, one "Einsatzgruppen" battalion killed 33,771 Jews in two days; in the Rumbula massacre, another killed about 25,000 people in two days.

As the Nazis took over more and more countries, they created more "Einsatzgruppen". They also created smaller groups called "Einsatzkommando" and "Sonderkommando". These included:

After the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union, the "Einsatzgruppen"s main job was still to kill civilians, like they did in Poland. However, this time, Heydrich ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to kill:


Between July 8 and July 17, Heydrich also ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to kill:

The Red Army retreated. However, Heydrich thought there were Soviet guerrilla fighters still in the area and thought local Jews were helping them. He ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to encourage anti-Jewish pogroms in the newly occupied territories. Pogroms (some of which the "Einsatzgruppen" started) broke out in Latvia, Lithuania, and Ukraine. Within the first few weeks of Operation Barbarossa, 10,000 Jews were killed in 40 different pogroms. By the end of 1941, about 60 pogroms had happened, killing up to 24,000 people.

All of the main "Einsatzgruppen" took part in mass shootings from the beginning of the war. At first, they shot only adult Jewish men. However, by August, they were shooting all Jews, including women, children, infants, and the elderly. At first, they killed people in firing squads. When this became too slow, the "Einsatzkommandos" began to shoot larger groups next to, or even inside, mass graves. As news about these killings spread, many Jewish people ran away.

The Nazis began to send people to concentration camps and ghettos. Rural areas were mostly "Judenfrei" (free of Jews). The Nazis created forced labour gangs so they could make use of the Jews as slaves until the Nazis had killed them all. The Nazis had put off that goal until 1942.

"Einsatzgruppe A" worked in the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. These countries had been occupied by the Soviet Union before the Nazis took them over. "Einsatzgruppe A" killed about 140,000 people between June and November 1941.

When "Einsatzgruppe A" entered Kaunas, Lithuania, a pogrom was happening. They let all of the criminals out of jail and encouraged them to join the pogrom. In four days, 4,000 Jews were killed in the pogrom.

The head of "Einsatzgruppe A" let a violent anti-Semitic man named Viktors Arājs start a smaller "Einsatzgruppe" called the Arājs Kommando. Together, the two groups killed 2,300 Jews in Riga, Lithuania. Within six months, the Arājs Kommando killed about half of the Jews in Latvia.

Groups like the Arājs Kommando were created in Lithuania and Estonia too. With their help, "Einsatzgruppe A" was able to kill almost every Jew in its area.

In November 1941, Himmler decided that Latvians were not being killed fast enough. He wanted to move Jews from Germany into Latvia. He ordered that everyone living in the ghetto in Riga, Latvia, be murdered.

The Nazis told the people in the ghetto they were being sent to another place to live. They told them to bring their things and valuables.

The Nazis moved people towards a nearby forest a thousand at a time. They shot people who tried to run away or could not walk fast enough. They took the things the Jews had brought with them, and made them take off their clothes. Then, fifty at a time, they made the victims lie down in a mass grave and shot them.

In two days, about 25,000 people were murdered by the "Einsatzgruppen".

After a while, Himmler realized that the "Einsatzgruppen"s methods were not the best way to kill people as quickly and cheaply as possible. He also found that many "Einsatzgruppen" had trouble killing so many people. Some had physical and mental health problems, and others became alcoholics. Himmler made a final decision after watching a mass execution in August 1941. He decided that shooting Jews was too stressful for his men.

Himmler decided that the answer to this problem was to kill Jews (and others) with poison gas. Starting in 1942, all of the main "Einsatzgruppen" began killing people using gas vans, which had been used to kill people with disabilities early on in Action T4. In these vans, carbon monoxide exhaust fumes from the vans' engines were pumped into the back of the truck, killing the victims inside. However, by September 1941, Nazis at Auschwitz concentration camp had begun experimenting with Zyklon B, a cyanide-like pesticide.

At the Wannsee Conference on January 20, 1942, the Nazis officially decided to kill all of the Jews in Europe (11 million people). Some would be worked to death. Others would be killed in extermination camps (death camps).(). The Nazis created death camps like Auschwitz-Birkenau and Bełżec extermination camps with the goal of killing as many people as possible, as quickly as possible. These death camps replaced the "Einsatzgruppen" as the Nazis' main strategy of mass murder and genocide.

At first, the "Einsatzgruppen" were sent to fight partisans people in Nazi-occupied territories who continued to fight back against the Nazis. However, by 1944, most "Einsatzgruppen" had become part of Waffen-SS fighting units or sent to guard death camps.

The "Einsatzgruppen" kept careful records of their mass murders so they could write reports to their supervisors. The Commander of "Einsatzgruppe A" filed the Jäger Report on December 1, 1941. it talks about "Einsatzgruppen A"s actions in Lithuania.

The report says that "Einsatzgruppen A" killed 137,346 people. Most were Jews, but others were communists, criminals, and other Nazi "enemies." Starting in mid-August, when 3,207 people were murdered, the victims included children.

In February 1942, Jäger changed his estimates of how many people the "Einsatzgruppen" killed. He said there were 138,272 victims, including:

Jäger also said that only 1,851 of the victims (1.3%) were not Jewish.

Many other papers and reports written by the "Einsatzgruppen" talk about how many people the different units killed. For example, one researcher looked at over 200 Operational Situation Reports (reports from the "Einsatzgruppen" to their bosses about what they were doing). He also looked at letters and reports written by "Einsatzgruppen" bosses. He found that as of 1942, "Einsatzgruppen A, B, C", and "D" had killed almost a million people:

Xenophilius Lovegood

Xenophilius Lovegood is a fictional character of the Harry Potter series. He is the father of Luna Lovegood (friend of Harry Potter), and the editor of "The Quibbler", a magazine in which he writes the things that just he believes, such as Nargles and Crumple-Horned Snorkack. However, during the Second Wizarding War, his magazine published reliable news, to the point that most people switched to it for news. Only when his daughter was kidnapped that the Quibbler started to turn against Harry Potter. Lovegood was played by Rhys Ifans in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows".
<br>
HIDDEN PAST: He is Lucius Malfoy's disowned brother. When he got married he took his wife's (Pandora Lovegood) surname. This act was further proof to his biological family that he was a blood traitor.

Bartolomé de Las Casas

Bartolomé de Las Casas (1484 – 1566), known as the "Apostle of the Indies", was a 16th century Spanish priest and writer, and the first Bishop of Chiapas, Mexico. Las Casas was the Dominican priest who condemned the treatment of Indians in the Spanish empire. His widely disseminated 'History of the Indies' helped to establish the Black Legend of Spanish cruelty. 

Bartolome de Las Casas was born in Seville, Spain in 1484. He was there when Christopher Columbus went to Seville in 1493 after Columbus' first trip to the Americas. His father, Pedro de las Casas, and his uncle went to the Americas in the second voyage of Columbus that left in November 1493.

With his father, he went to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola in 1502 together with Nicolás de Ovando, the new governor of the island. In 1506 he went to Rome, Italy, where he became a Catholic priest.

He went back to Hispaniola in 1508 and moved to Concepción de la Vega, in the Cibao valley, and got an encomienda (land with the indigenous people living there). Then he went in 1513 to Cuba and the governor Diego Velázquez gave him an "encomienda". But soon Las Casas began to understand that the native people (Taínos in Cuba and Hispaniola) were treated as slaves in a very bad way, and he began to defend the native people.

Las Casas became the first official priest in the New World in 1512.

In 1515 he went to Hispaniola, and from there to Spain to defend the native people of the Americas. From 1517 to 1523, and with the title "Protector of the Indians", he tried to develop a model settlement in northern Venezuela to protect the native people but the experiment failed. From there, he went to Hispaniola, joining the Dominican Order (an order of Catholic priests) in 1523.

He stayed in the city of Santo Domingo until 1527 when he was sent to Puerto Plata, on the northern coast, to found a new religious community and where he began to write his "History of the Indies".

He became Bishop of Chiapas, Mexico, from 1544 to 1547. He wrote a book about the abuse of Indians called "A short account of the destruction of the Indies". The book was finished in 1542 but it was not released as a book until 1552. It is his most famous book. He went to Spain and he stayed here until he died in 17 July 1566 in Madrid.

Some of his more important written works are:



São José, Santa Catarina

São José it´s a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Balneário Camboriú

Balneário Camboriú is a Brazilian city in the state of Santa Catarina. In 2018, 138,732 people lived there. It is about from the city of Florianópolis, the state capital. Balneário Camboriú has an area of .


Blumenau

Blumenau is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil, with 363,340 inhabitants.

Brusque, Santa Catarina

Brusque is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

São José

There are a lot parishes that have the name São José (Portuguese for Saint Joseph):






Chapecó

Chapecó is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Criciúma

Criciúma is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.


Itajaí

Itajaí is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville. The city was started on June 15, 1860. People started living in Itajai as early as the year 1658.

Itajaí can be found on the northern coast of the state. It is found on the banks of the river Rio Itajaí-Açu. The name of the city came from the name of the river. Itajaí has the cities Balneário Camboriú, Camboriú, Brusque, Gaspar, Ilhota and Navegantes next to it. Itajaí is found on the base Baixo Vale do Itajaí. It is next to the Atlantic Ocean. Itajai is pretty much built on a plain. Highway BR-101 is the main highway that passes by the city. Highways SC-100, SC-486, SC-470, and BR-470, connects Itajaí to the rest of the state.

Itajaí has the following sister cities:


Jaraguá do Sul

Jaraguá do Sul is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Joaçaba

Joaçaba is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Joinville

Joinville is a city in Santa Catarina state in southern Brazil. It is a major industrial city. It is the largest city in Santa Catarina. About 550,000 people live in the city, and about 1.3 million people live in the surrounding metropolitan area. Most of the people are of German, Swiss and Norwegian descent. It is the third largest city in the southern region of Brazil. 
Joinville is also the third largest industrial center in southern Brazil. The region produces more than 30% of the total GDP of the state of Santa Catarina. The largest corporations with headquarters in the city are Amanco, Busscar, Ciser, Datasul, Docol, Döhler, Embraco, Tupy, Lepper, Tigre, Wetzel, Whirlpool, Viqua, Schulz, and Universal Leaf Tobacco.
Joinville is known as the city of the Princes, flowers, dance and bicycles. The Joinville Dance Festival is a major event in the month of July - it is recognized as the world's largest dance festival (listed in the Guinness Book of Records). A subsidiary of the School of Ballet of the Bolshoi Theatre, the only one outside Russia, is highlighted in the training of dancers.
The Airport of Joinville (Lauro Carneiro de Loyola) is one of the largest in South Region. It is located 13 km from the city center, 110 km from airport and 163 km from Curitiba to Florianópolis Airport. Of Joinville there are several daily flights to São Paulo (Congonhas), through Companies: Gol Airlines, TAM and Azul.

Lages

Lages is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Brusque

Brusque can mean:



Berwick-upon-Tweed

Berwick-upon-Tweed is a town in Northumberland, United Kingdom. It is the most northerly town in England, and is 2 miles from Scotland. Around 15,000 people live in Berwick. Many people visit Berwick because it is a nearby market town.

Berwick used to be a Scottish town and a very important port. The town's ownership has changed more than 12 times. In 1482, the English took Berwick and never lost it again. Today, many Scottish people live in Berwick.

The Scottish county called Berwickshire is named after Berwick.

Martin van Heemskerck

Maerten van Heemskerck or Marten Jacobsz Heemskerk van Veen (1 June 1498 – 1 October 1574) was one of the best known Dutch portrait and religious painters of the 16th century (1500s). He became famous for a series of coloured prints of the Seven Wonders of the World.

Marten van Heemskerck was born in the town of Heemskerck, near Haarlem in Holland. His father was a farmer. Marten was apprenticed to two painters in Haarlem, but was called home by his father to help with the farm work. Marten ran away from home, and in a single day travelled 50 miles to the town of Delft. He found another master to teach him painting, but soon left him as well. He then went to Haarlem where from 1527 to 1529 he worked with a painter called Jan van Scorel.

One of the artists who influenced Marten van Heemskerck at this time was Jan Mabuse who had travelled to Italy and had seen the paintings of famous artists from Florence and Venice. Marten began to copy the style of Mabuse's paintings. In 1532 he went to Italy and spent several years going from town to town, looking at the artworks and making drawings of what he saw.

The city that was to have the most influence on Marten van Heemskerck was Rome. He was very interested in the ruins left from the time of the Ancient Romans. He made many drawings of the ruined buildings and other things that he saw. His sketchbooks, which are now in a museum in Berlin are very important evidence for showing what Rome was like in the 1500s. One important building that he drew was St. Peter's Basilica which had been begun, but never completed.

The most famous artist who was alive at this time was Michelangelo. He was mainly a sculptor but he had spent five years painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. Like everybody else, Marten van Heemskerck thought it was amazing. He was so influenced by the figures that Michelangelo had painted that he designed a series of pictures called "Twelve Panels showing Strong Men from Mythology and Biblical History". Like the series of the "Seven Wonders of the Ancient World" they are well known as prints made from "engravings" (they are printed from a metal plate with the design cut into it).
When van Heemskerck was in Rome in 1536, he got work as a "scene-painter". This is like a person who paints the scenery in a theatre. Charles V had coming to Rome and was going to have a "triumphal procession". The streets of the city were decorated with archways for the emperor to pass under. Van Heemskerck worked with Antonio da San Gallo, Battista Franco and Francesco Salviati. The writer Giorgio Vasari saw some battle scenes that he painted and wrote that they were well composed and boldly painted.

He returned to the Netherlands and lived at Haarlem where he settled down and married twice. After that, he only left Haarlem for a short time, in 1572, to go to Amsterdam because the Spanish had invaded Haarlem. In 1540 became president of his Guild of Painters. He became a rich and well-known painter. When he died, he left some money in his will to be paid to a bridal couple who would get married on his tomb. This custom was believed to bring peace to the dead person. He also left some land to help an orphanage in the city.

Many works by Marten van Heemskerck can still be seen. They include "Adam and Eve", "St. Luke painting the Madonna and Child" and a painting of Jesus in the museum in Ghent, Belgium. These pictures were done before he went to Italy. In the 1550s he painted several altarpieces which can be seen in the museums of Delft, Haarlem and Brussels, as well as lives of St. Bernard and St. Benedict.


Instrumental

An instrumental is music that has no words or people singing. The music is made only by musical instruments, or by makings sounds using other things, like bins.

Some types of music like Jazz and classical music have a lot of instrumentals, but most other types of popular music do not.

Some very popular instrumental songs are:


Currywurst

Currywurst is a German dish. It is made from a pork sausage (), sliced and covered in a "curry sauce" (usually ketchup or tomato paste blended with curry) and generous amounts of curry powder. 

Currywurst is often sold as a take-out/take-away food, Schnell-Imbisse, at diners or "greasy spoons," on children's menus in restaurants, or as a street food.

Berlin legend says that Herta Heuwer, from Königsberg, invented the currywurst sauce by experimenting at her stall in Berlin-Charlottenburg in 1949.
People from the Ruhr-area say that the sauce was accidentally invented by a sausage stall owner in Essen, who dropped a can with curry powder into some ketchup. 

Early in his career German pop singer Herbert Grönemeyer, raised in Bochum, wrote a song, in the Ruhr dialect, to currywurst.

Although Berlin claims currywurst as its invention and "national dish", all over Germany, there are more than 20 different types of currywurst.

7-1-1

7-1-1 is a telephone number in Canada and the United States. It is used by the Telecommunications Relay Service to let people who are deaf and people who can hear communicate with each other using a telephone. The 7-1-1 number lets these people talk through an operator, by turning the words into something that can be read on a telecommunications device for the deaf (TDD).

Johann Palisa

Johann Palisa (December 6 1848–May 2 1925) was an Austrian astronomer, born in Troppau in Austrian Silesia (now in the Czech Republic).

He was a good finder of asteroids, finding 122 in all, from 136 Austria in 1874 to 1073 Gellivara in 1923. Some of the notable asteroids he found include 153 Hilda, 216 Kleopatra, 243 Ida, 253 Mathilde, 324 Bamberga, and the Amor asteroid 719 Albert.

The asteroid 914 Palisana and the Palisa crater on the Moon were named in his honour.

From 1866 to 1870, Palisa studied mathematics and astronomy at the University of Vienna; however, he did not graduate until 1884. Despite this, by 1870 he was an assistant at the University's observatory, and a year later gained a position at the observatory in Geneva. A few years later, in 1872, at the age of 24, Palisa became the leader of the Austrian Naval Observatory in Pola. While at Pola, he found his first asteroid, 136 Austria, on March 18, 1874. Along with this, he found twenty-seven minor planets and one comet. During his stay in Pola he used a small six-inch refractor telescope to aid in his research.

Palisa named some of the asteroids after his family: (320) Katharina after his mother, Katherina, (321) Florentina after his daughter Florentine. His second wife is Anna.

Vulgate

The Vulgate (lat. "Vulgata") is a translation of the Christian Bible. St. Jerome did most of the work. The Vulgate was written in Latin in the 5th century.

"Versio vulgata" is Latin for the "version commonly used".


M.C. Hammer

Stanley Kirk Burrell (born March 30, 1962), better known by his stage name MC Hammer (or simply Hammer), is an American rapper and dancer. He was popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Hammer is known for becoming very rich and well known in a short period of time. His fame and money did not last long though. He lost it all in a very short period. Hammer was also known for the pants he wore. "Hammer Pants" became a fashion trend while he was popular . He became a preacher in the 1990s. Hammer now works as a television host and CEO.

Hammer was a contestant in the first season of "The Surreal Life".

Hammer is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.


Nuclear power plant

A nuclear power plant is a type of power station that generates electricity using heat from nuclear reactions. These reactions take place within a reactor. The plant also has machines which remove heat from the reactor to operate a steam turbine and generator to make electricity. Electricity made by nuclear power plants is called nuclear power. 

Nuclear power plants are usually near water to remove the heat the reactor makes. Some nuclear power plants use cooling towers to do this. Nuclear power plants use uranium as fuel. When the reactor is on, uranium atoms inside the reactor split into two smaller atoms. When uranium atoms split, they give off a large amount of heat. This splitting of atoms is called fission. 

The most popular atoms to fission are uranium and plutonium. Those atoms are slightly radioactive. The atoms produced when fuel atoms break apart are strongly radioactive. Today, fission only happens in nuclear reactors. In nuclear reactors, fission only happens when the reactors parts are arranged properly. Nuclear power plants turn their reactors off when replacing old nuclear fuel with new fuel. 

There are about four hundred nuclear power plants in the world, with many in the United States, France, and Japan. Some famous accidents at nuclear power plants were the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine, and the 1979 Three Mile Island accident in the United States. An Anti-nuclear movement in Australia opposes the making of any nuclear power plants in the country.

Progression

Progression can be any of the following:

In mathematics:

In music:

In other fields:

Corsican

Corsican might mean:


Charing Cross Hospital

Charing Cross Hospital is a hospital in Hammersmith. It is part of Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust.

Charing Cross Hospital was set up in Villiers Street, London, in 1823. It became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827. It was set up after Dr. Benjamin Golding started a meeting in 1818.

It was originally built in Central London but it was moved after World War II. It reopened on Fulham Palace Road in 1973. The hospital was designed and built by Decimus Burton. It was much bigger and more modern than others at the time. Today it is still in use. It is a teaching hospital for students. It has 15 floors.

8-1-1

8-1-1 is a telephone number in the United States and Canada. In the United States, 8-1-1 is the number to call to find underground power cables, gas pipes, and other utilities. This lets people avoid them while they are digging. Underground cables and pipes can be damaged by digging tools. A damaged gas pipe can leak, which is very bad.

In Canada, 8-1-1 is the number to call for health questions that are not emergencies.

8-1-1 used to be a direct line to the business office of the telephone company giving service on the line. Once a person has called, they could do different things, such as pay their phone bill, talk to Customer Service, or get another phone line. In 2007, it was put together with 6-1-1.

American Airlines Flight 11

American Airlines Flight 11 was the first hijacked airplane of the September 11 attacks. It crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center. The American Airlines airplane was a Boeing 767. It was scheduled to fly from Logan International Airport in Boston to Los Angeles International Airport. Fifteen minutes after takeoff, the hijackers forced their way into the cockpit. One of the hijackers was a trained pilot. He took the controls of the aircraft and flew it into the North Tower. The hijackers were members of the terrorist group Al-Qaeda.

All 92 people on the airplane died in the crash—11 crew members and 81 passengers; 5 of them were hijackers. The crashing took place at 08:46 Eastern Daylight Time. Many people near by panicked as they saw the crash. A few people were able to capture the moment of impact; Jules Naudet, a French cameraman who was filming a movie, and Pavel Hlava, a Czech immigrant. Additionally, a webcam set up by Wolfgang Staehle at an art exhibit in Brooklyn that took pictures of Lower Manhattan every four seconds, and a newscamera that was left on the ground also captured the crash. The crash and the fire that started right after it made the North Tower collapse within 102 minutes. The attack killed nearly 3,000 people and injured thousands more. It left a profound mark on American history and changed the system of airport security.

The aircraft flying American Airlines Flight 11 was a Boeing 767-200ER. Even though it could carry a maximum of 158 passengers, the September 11 flight carried only 81 passengers and 11 crew members. Flying the aircraft was pilot John Ogonowski and first officer Thomas McGuinness. The flight attendants were Barbara Arestegui, Jeffrey Collman, Sara Low, Karen Martin, Kathleen Nicosia, Betty Ong, Jean Roger, Dianne Snyder and Madeline Sweeney.

Mohamed Atta, a member of terrorist group al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and the leader of the terrorists and another hijacker, Abdulaziz al-Omari, flew together from Portland, Maine to Boston, Massachusetts early on September 11, 2001. Both hijackers had first class tickets for a flight to Los Angeles, California. Three other hijackers, Waleed al-Shehri, Wail al-Shehri and Satam al-Suqami arrived at Logan International Airport by car. All five checked in and by 07:40, were aboard the aircraft which was supposed to leave at 07:45.

Mohamed Atta, the Egyptian leader of the terrorist attackers, sat in business class with Abdulaziz al-Omari and Suqami. Waleed al-Shehri and Wail al-Shehri sat in first class. The aircraft taxied away from Gate B32 and departed Logan International Airport at 07:59 from runway 4R after a 14-minute delay.

It is thought that the hijacking of the plane started at 08:14. This was when the pilot and first officer stopped talking with air traffic control at Boston. Two minutes later, the aircraft stopped flying along the route it was supposed to. No more radio replies came from the aircraft and the system in the aircraft used to avoid crashing into other aircraft was also switched off. Flight attendants Ong and Sweeney, two of the several flight attendants, contacted American Airlines with AT&T airphones during the hijack. They said the hijackers had hurt two of the other attendants and killed an Israeli passenger. During the interminable four-minute call, Ong told the airline which seats the hijackers were sitting in and said no one could get into the cockpit, where the hijackers were now.

At 08:23:38, Mohamed Atta tried to talk to the passengers from the cockpit but he pressed the wrong message button and sent the message to air traffic control. He said that "[They] have some planes, just stay quiet and you'll be okay. We are returning to the airport." A minute later he said, "Nobody move. Everything will be okay. If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane. Just stay quiet." Air traffic control finally realized that the aircraft had been hijacked, and they called the Federal Aviation Administration. Soon after, Atta announced, "Nobody move please, we are going back to the airport, don't try to make any stupid moves." Five minutes later, Boston air traffic control called North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). NORAD ordered two F-15 fighter aircraft to catch the flight, but it was too late—American Airlines Flight 11 had already made its last turn towards Manhattan and crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center no more than six minutes after the fighter aircraft had taken off.

At 08:46:40, Atta and the hijackers crashed Flight 11 into the northern side of the North Tower (Tower 1) of the World Trade Center. The aircraft, traveling at about [or 404 knots] and carrying about 10,000 U.S. gallons of flammable fuel, hit between the 93rd and 99th floors of the North Tower. In all, 92 people on board were killed.

Because of the angle the airplane struck, people could not escape from at or above where the aircraft had crashed (floors 100 and up). All stairs and elevators from the 92nd floor to at least the 99th floor were blocked by fire or debris, trapping 1,344 people. Hundreds were killed right away by the impact. The rest either were trapped and died from the fire, smoke or the collapse of the tower, and some even died after they jumped or fell out the windows of the burning building. More than one elevator shaft carried the burning fuel downward, exploding on the 44th floor sky lobby and the Lobby of the North Tower causing damage to the marble walls, shattering windows and causing severe burns to several people.

Jules Naudet, a French cameraman filmed the crash. A webcam set up at an art exhibition in Brooklyn to take pictures of Lower Manhattan, every four seconds, also filmed Flight 11 crashing into the North Tower.

News organizations first reported an explosion at the World Trade Center. CNN interrupted a commercial at 08:49 with the headline that read "World Trade Center Disaster." President George W. Bush was arriving at an elementary school in Sarasota, Florida when he was told about the crash. The president said, "This is pilot error. It's unbelievable that somebody would do this. The guy must have had a heart attack." The first news reports believed that the crash had been an accident until Flight 175 crashed into the South Tower at 09:03, minutes after.

102 minutes after the crash, the North Tower burned and collapsed in on itself. Although the crash caused much damage, the fire caused by jet fuel was blamed for the damage and collapse of the tower. Hundreds of rescue workers also died when the tower collapsed.

Rescue workers at the site started to find remains of bodies from the victims of Flight 11 soon after the attack. Some workers found bodies strapped to airplane seats. Reports that the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up was released in the days after the attacks, meaning that the hijackers may have used handcuffs. However, little evidence has been provided after the events to confirm whether this is in fact true or not. Within a year, remains of the 33 victims that had been on Flight 11 had been identified. They identified two other Flight 11 victims, lead flight attendant Karen Martin and another person, after body remains were discovered near Ground Zero in 2006. In April 2007, examiners using newer DNA technology identified another Flight 11 victim. The remains of two hijackers, who could have been from Flight 11, were also identified and removed from Memorial Park in Manhattan. The remains of the other hijackers have not been identified and are buried with other unidentified remains at Memorial Park.
In a video recording found months later in Afghanistan, al-Qaeda's leader, Osama bin Laden, seemed to say he planned the attack. He said he believed part of towers would collapse. The flight recorders, or tapes that record useful flight data, for Flight 11 and Flight 175 were never found.

After the attacks, the flight number for flights on the same route at the same takeoff time was changed to American Airlines Flight 25, and a Boeing 757 was used instead of a Boeing 767. An American flag was flown on the jet bridge from which Flight 11 departed from Logan Airport.



Sonic the Hedgehog 2

Sonic the Hedgehog 2, also called Sonic 2, is the second video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It is a sequel to "Sonic the Hedgehog". It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1992. Unlike the first game, it has a half-pipe special stage and has seven chaos emeralds (see "chaos emerald") instead of six. It also introduces Miles "Tails" Prower.

Development of the game began in November 1991. The game was developed by both Japanese and American staff at Sega Technical Institute.

After the release of the original "Sonic the Hedgehog", creator Yuji Naka quit Sega due to disagreements over corporate policy. Mark Cerny, who had recently created Sega Technical Institute (STI) inCalifornia, met with Naka in Japan. He offered Naka a higher salary and more creative freedom if he joined STI. Naka agreed. Hirokazu Yasuhara, the lead level designer of "Sonic the Hedgehog", also decided to join STI.

The game's story is that Dr. Robotnik has flew to another island, and it's up to Sonic and his new friend, Tails, to stop him. The doctor has found 7 special gems and they grant him ultimate power. The player must take him down. The gameplay is similar to the first Sonic the Hedgehog game. The player can run, curl up into a ball and jump, and perform a new move, the Spindash. The spindash is a move where Sonic can curl up, gain energy, and roll at high speeds. At the end of the game, the heroes can be seen flying in the air. The game has variety in its gameplay, with a flying section in a plane level.

Because of the popularity of its predecessor, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" already had a fanbase waiting for its release. The game received a lot of praise, and it was a bestseller in the UK charts for 2 months. As of 2006, the game had sold over 6 million copies. This makes it the second best-selling game on the Sega Genesis.

"Electronic Gaming Monthly" said it was the best Genesis game of 1992.

The most common criticisms were about the two-player mode, a first for the series.

United Airlines Flight 175

United Airlines Flight 175 was the second hijacked airplane of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The flight was traveling from Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California.

It crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center. The plane was hijacked by five members of al-Qaeda. The plane was a Boeing 767. 56 people (including 5 hijackers) and 9 crew members died in the crash. The time of the crash was 9:03 AM Eastern Daylight Time. Unlike American Airlines Flight 11, which crashed into the North tower 17.5 minutes earlier, Flight 175 was the only plane seen live on television because of the media attention drawn to the scene from the crash of Flight 11.

The aircraft used in the attack was a Boeing 767-222. The aircraft had a registration of N612UA, and it was built in 1983 by Boeing. The airplane could seat 168 passengers in total (10 seats in first class, 33 seats in business class, and 125 seats in economy class). On this particular flight, 56 passengers (5 of which were hijackers), and nine staff members. All together, United Airlines Flight 175 carried 65 people on the morning of September 11.


Folk rock

Folk rock music is a mixture of folk music with modern rock music. Folk rock began in the mid 1960s with performers like the Byrds. Folk singer Bob Dylan created a sensation at the 1965 Newport Festival when he used electric guitar in his performance. This led to many groups wanting to play folk music in the rock style. These groups included Fairport Convention, Steeleye Span, Pentangle and Alan Stivell.

Jimmy Page

James Patrick Page OBE (born 9 January 1944 in Heston, Middlesex, England) is an English guitarist, songwriter and producer. He began his career as a studio session guitarist in London. From 1966 to 1968 he was a member of The Yardbirds. After that band ended Page went on to form the band Led Zeppelin.

Allmusic describes Page as "one of the most influential and important guitarists in rock history". In 2003, Rolling Stone Magazine ranked Page #9 in its list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

From the early 1970s to the early 1990s, Page owned the Boleskine House. Earlier, the house had belonged to occultist Aleister Crowley. Page was interested in the magic that Crowley used. 

Along with Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath, Page is often considered one of the greatest riff writers of all time.

Jimmy Page has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice. The first time was in 1992 as a member of The Yardbirds. He was inducted again in 1995 as a member of Led Zeppelin.


John Paul Jones (musician)

John Paul Jones (born John Baldwin on 3 January 1946), in Sidcup, Kent) is an English musician and record producer, and was known for being the bassist, the keyboardist, backing vocalist, and the mandolin player for rock band Led Zeppelin.

John started playing the Piano when he was six years old. His father, Joe Baldwin was his teacher. When he was 15 Jones joined his first band called The Deltas. In 1962 Jones joined a band called The Shadows. The Shadows had one hit song called Diamonds, which an artist named Jimmy Page had helped write.

During his time with The Shadows Jones was seen by Jimmy Page. When Jimmy was forming his new band, Jones' wife suggested he ask Jimmy about the new band. Jimmy was very glad that Jones had asked, and the two formed a duo. Soon after singer Robert Plant and drummer John Bonham joined them forming a Quartet. At first, the group was called The New Yardbirds, but the name was soon changed to Led Zeppelin.


Robert Plant

Robert Anthony Plant (born 20 August 1948) is a rock singer and musician, and was known for being the lead vocalist for rock band Led Zeppelin. In 2007, he recorded an album with bluegrass fiddler Alison Krauss, and toured with her in 2008.


John Bonham

John Henry "Bonzo" Bonham (31 May, 1948 – 25 September, 1980) was an English rock drummer. He was best known for being a member of London hard rock band Led Zeppelin. Bonham is considered one of the greatest rock drummers of all time.

John Bonham's career started in 1967, when he joined the Band of Joy with singer Robert Plant. After having some success, the band broke up. At around the same time, another band called The Yardbirds also broke up. Soon after this, Jimmy Page, the lead guitarist for the Yardbirds, decided to start a new band. This new band, called Led Zeppelin, had Plant on vocals, John Paul Jones on bass and keyboards, Bonham on drums and Page playing guitar.

Bonham died after choking on his own vomit in his sleep after drinking forty shots of vodka, and bassist John Paul Jones found him the next morning.

After playing some small gigs throughout England, the band came out with their first album, named "Led Zeppelin I". John Bonham's talents can be heard on such songs as "Good Times, Bad Times", featuring his single bass drum skip throughout the song. Soon after this, the band left for a tour of America, on Boxing Day (26 December 1969). After a rather successful tour, Zeppelin came out with their second album, naming it "Led Zeppelin II". This album included the song "Moby Dick", which had a famous drum solo by Bonham. Throughout the solo, Bonham showed off his talents by playing hand drums while continuing to use his right foot.
By this time, Led Zeppelin was becoming more well known. With the release of their third album (not surprisingly named "Led Zeppelin III"), they became one of the biggest bands in the world. Bonham's featured song on this album, which he wrote, was "Out On The Tiles". 

Led Zeppelin later released the albums "Led Zeppelin IV" (which was originally unnamed), "Houses of the Holy", and "Physical Graffiti". During this time, Zeppelin was touring non-stop. In addition to still playing "Moby Dick", Bonham also received attention for his work on songs such as "Four Sticks", "The Ocean", and "In My Time Of Dying". 

Soon after "Physical Graffiti", the band took time off because Robert Plant was injured in a car crash. In this time off, besides spending time with his family and tinkering with cars, Bonham was working on their next album, "Presence".

On 24 September 1980, Bonham was picked up by his personal assistant, Rex King. They were going to a rehearsal for the upcoming tour. During the day, Bonham drank many alcoholic beverages. After the rehearsal the band left and went to Page's house. The next day, Benji LeFevre, Led Zeppelin's new tour manager, and John Paul Jones found Bonham dead.

The coroner ruled that Bonham had drank forty shots of vodka, and his cause of death was pulmonary edema. Bonham had vomited in his sleep, and suffocated on his own vomit.

After Bonham died, Led Zeppelin decided to quit because they felt that Bonham was too good to be replaced.


Quack

Quack is the sound a duck makes.

Quack is also the name for someone who is a phony. One way that people use this word is a "quack doctor". A quack doctor sells people bad medicine that does not make people feel better.

A quack can also mean a fake doctor who tries to sell his medicine to people when they do not really make you better which means they are fake. A quack doctor tries to tell people that they can cure everything but they can not, they just con you into going to them, but they do not cure you, they just make you feel a little bit better. 
They also take some of the jobs from the doctors who have been to university and studied to become a doctor and then Quacks are just taking their patients away from them.

Hoof

A hoof is the foot of certain animals known as ungulates (such as deer, cows, pigs, sheep, and giraffes). These animals walk on their toes. The toes have a hard cover made out of the same material as fingernails. This is called keratin.

Jyutping

Jyutping is a romanization for the Cantonese language. It was created by the Linguistic Society of Hong Kong (LSHK) in 1993.


Combination

Combination may mean:

S-type asteroid

An S-type asteroid is an asteroid that is mainly "silicaceous", or made of a lot of silicon. This is why it is called an "S-type". About 17% of all asteroids are this type of asteroid, meaning that they are the second most common after C-type asteroids. 

S-type asteroids are the most common asteroid in the inner main belt, but become very rare farther out in space. The biggest asteroid of this type is 15 Eunomia. 

Yelle

Yelle (born Julie Budet, January 17, 1983) is a French singer and rapper from the city of Saint-Brieuc. She became famous from MySpace.com when she uploaded a song called "Short Dick Cuizi". With her producer who is also a close friend called GrandMarnier, Yelle has recorded her first album called "POP-UP", after her hit single "Je Veux Te Voir". She was also featured on Fatal Bazooka's song "Parle à ma main" in 2007. As of October 2007, she opened for Mika during his European tour. In February 2008, she performed the song "A cause des Garçons" on the BBC Three programme "Lily Allen and Friends". The programme said that this was her first appearance on UK television.


Ozama River

The River Ozama is a river in the eastern part of the "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain"). Its overall length of 148 km makes it the fourth longest river in the Dominican Republic, and its watershed (2,685 km²) is the fourth largest of the country.

Because large parts of the watershed is found in region where rainfalls are frequent, without a dry period, its flow is always very good.

Ozama is a Taíno word. Bartolomé de Las Casas always wrote "Hozama". When he wrote, the "H" represented the letter "J" and was pronounced (similar to the English "H" in house, home). There are several words in the Dominican Republic with that H: Haina-Jaina, Haití-Jaití.

Writers of the 16th century wrote Hosama and Osama. But later the H disappeared completely.

The sources of the Ozama are in the Loma Siete Cabezas mountain (in English, "Seven Heads Mountain"), the highest mountain of the Sierra de Yamasá mountain range. It flows east through the Monte Plata province and then slowly bends southeast, forming part of the limits between the Santo Domingo and Monte Plata provinces.

Near the municipality of San Luis, it is joined by the River Yabacao and then turns to the southwest. In the city of Santo Domingo, the river flows to the south and into the Caribbean Sea.

The most important tributaries are Yabacao, Isabela and Savita (or Sabita).

The "Greater Santo Domingo", that includes Santo Domingo and parts of Santo Domingo Este and Santo Domingo Norte, is the most important city on the river banks. The river divides the old city of Santo Domingo in three sections; before 2001, all three sections were part of Santo Domingo but now only the western part is part of the city. The eastern section is the city of Santo Domingo Este and the northern section is part of Santo Domingo Norte.

The River Ozama flows through a region where rainfalls are frequent and, for that reason, its water is not needed for irrigation. There are too much solid materials in the water and it cannot be used for the houses.

Water from the Caribbean Sea gets into the river for several kilometres because the riverbed is below sea level. There were mangroves (plants that can live in water with a hight salinity), and there are still some near La Victoria, on the banks of the river near the mouth because of the salinity of its water.

Water quality in the River Ozama has been severely affected by industrialisation, ships, and the large population that lives around its banks close to the mouth.

The river is not deep enough for big ships except close to the mouth. When the country was a Spanish colony, and some years after the Independence, flat boats were used to move around the region.

The city of Santo Domingo was founded in the 16th century on the left side of the mouth but soon it was moved to the right side and became the capital city of the Spanish colony.

Sugarcane was grown to produce sugar in lands around the River Ozama and its tributary Isabela. The river was used to take the sugar to the port of Santo Domingo.

In the 19th and 20th centuries, sugar cane was the most important crop grown close to the River Ozama. Cattle is also important in the region because grasses are abundant.

For the second half of the 20th century, Santo Domingo became the most important port of the country; the port was near the mouth of the River Ozama. But now the port is used mainly for tourist ships.

The River Ozama has been used in art, mainly in poetry, as a symbol of the country. Many poets wrote poems about the river when they were out of the country because of political reasons; they sang to the river to represent the return to their country. José Joaquín Puello, a Dominican poet of the 19th century, wrote several poems where the name is used to represent the country; two of them are "Ecos del destierro" ("Echoes of the exile") and "La vuelta al hogar" ("Back to home").

Nipple

The nipple is a special structure. Female mammals (and women) use nipples for breastfeeding. The breast in male and female mammals is made the same way. The production of milk for breastfeeding is controlled by hormones. This means that men cannot use their breasts to produce milk (unless they have a problem with their hormones). 


American Airlines Flight 77

American Airlines Flight 77 was American Airlines' transcontinental flight from Washington Dulles International Airport, in Dulles, Virginia to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California. The flight flew every day in the morning on this route. On September 11, 2001, the aircraft flying this route—a Boeing 757-223—was hijacked by five al-Qaeda terrorists. The hijackers crashed the plane into the Pentagon on purpose. The crash was part of the September 11 attacks.

The hijackers went into the cockpit and made the passengers move to the back of the plane less than 35 minutes into the flight. Hani Hanjour, one of the hijackers who was trained as a pilot, took over the flight. Passengers on the plane were able to make telephone calls to loved ones. They also called people to tell them what was happening on the plane. The hijackers did not know that passengers were doing this.

Barbara Olson, wife of U.S. Solicitor General Theodore Olson, was one of the passengers.

The aircraft crashed into the western side of the Pentagon at 09:37 EDT. All 64 people on board the aircraft, including the hijackers, died. 125 people in the building died as well. Dozens of people saw the crash. News sources began reporting on the incident within minutes. The impact damaged an area of the Pentagon and started a large fire. Part of the Pentagon collapsed. Firefighters spent days trying to stop the fire. The damaged areas of the Pentagon were rebuilt in 2002. The fixed areas were able to be used again starting on August 15, 2002.

The 184 victims of the attack are honored in the Pentagon Memorial next to the Pentagon. The park contains a bench for each of the victims. The benches are put in order of the victim's years of birth. These years range from 1930 (aged 71) to 1998 (aged 3).



Sonic the Hedgehog (video game)

Sonic the Hedgehog, often times called Sonic 1, is the first video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1991. It has many sequels and spin-offs. In the same year, Ancient made a 8 bit version the Master System and Game Gear.

In order to steal six Chaos Emeralds, Dr. Ivo Robotnik traps the animals from South Island in robots. The player controls Sonic, whose goal is to free the animals and retrieve the emeralds. If the player collects them all, the game will have a good ending. If the player does not succeed, the bad ending will show Robotnik keeping the emeralds for himself.

In 1989, Sega began development on the Sega Mega Drive. They needed a video game character to compete with Nintendo's Mario. Sega began a competition for their employees to make a character to rival Mario. Concepts included a man with resemblence to Mario's outfit and Bart Simpson's head, a Japanese ancient warrior, and a jester with a puppet in hand. It came down to 4 concepts by Naoto Ohshima. The man mentioned above, a man in pajamas with a large mustache and resemblence to Theodore Roosevelt, a hedgehog with arms and legs and conjoined eyes, and a grey rabbit that could grab with his ears. It obviously boiled down to the hedgehog becoming Sonic, and the mustached-man becoming Dr. Ivo Robotnik. There were more scrapped ideas including a human female love interest for the hedgehog, and Sonic fighting living monster alien creatures instead of the robots we are used to. These concepts were scrapped to strangely avoid resemblence to 1985's Super Mario Bros.. At Tokyo Toy Show 1990, a prototype for Sonic the Hedgehog was shown. Only magazine photos exist to prove that it's real.

Tekken

Tekken is the first game for the Tekken series, released on December 9, 1994 for arcades. It was later released on the PlayStation in 1995. Tekken had two modes, Arcade mode and VS mode. Extra modes would be added in the next games.


Tekken 2

Tekken 2 is a fighting video game made by Namco. It was released in arcades in 1995 and released worldwide on PlayStation in 1996.

The game contains twenty five characters. Most from the original game return in the game, except Jack.

|width=50% valign=top|

Alicia Keys

Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), known professionally as Alicia Keys, is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold over forty-one million albums and singles worldwide as of 2007, and has won numerous awards, including fourteen Grammy Awards, eleven Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, and fourteen NAACP Image Awards.

Keys was born on January 25, 1981, in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, New York City, New York. Her birth name is Alicia Augello Cook. She is the only child of Teresa Augello, a paralegal and part-time actress, and Craig Cook, a flight attendant. Her mother is of half Italian and half English, Irish, and Scottish ancestry, and her father is of African American ancestry. Keys has expressed that she was comfortable with her mixed race heritage because she felt she was able to "relate to different cultures".




Headlining tours
Co-headlining tours

Concerts
Books

Published articles

Other contributions


Zlata's Diary

Zlata's Diary was a diary by Bosnia and Herzegovina's Zlata Filipovic. It was written between 1991 and 1993 about her life at the time. It was mostly about the Bosnian war that erupted near her in Sarajevo. She starts the fifth grade in the beginning of 1991 and she reunites her friends and her family. 

Zlata's Diary is about a girl that lived through the Bosnian war. She kept a diary that she called Mimmy. Her entries were always, ""Dear Mimmy"" and she'd end with, ""Your Zlata"". 

Zlata was known as the Anne Frank of Bosnia. The book tells you about her difficult childhood that was stolen away from her as a child. She learned to handle deaths and tragedies throughout the young years of her life. This book is good for children as they can understand the hardships faced by children living in countries in war.

Anna Bessonova

Anna Bessonova (born 29 July 1984) is a Ukrainian 2 time Olympic Bronze medalist rhythmic gymnast. She was born in Kiev, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, the daughter of Vladimir Bessonov and Viktoria Serkyh-Bessonova. She began training for rhythmic gymnastics at the age of three. She has won a gold medal in the 2007 Patras Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships. She takes interest to modeling and may pursue a career in it. She is coached by Irina Deriugina and Albina Deriugina at Deriugin's School of Rhythmic Gymnastics.

List of counties in North Carolina

The U.S. state of North Carolina is divided up into 100 counties.

Emmanuel College, Melbourne

The Emmanuel College: St. Paul's Campus (formerly St. Paul's College) is a Roman Catholic, secondary day school for boys. It is in Altona North, a south-western suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It a branch of one of Emmanuel College's education facilities.

St. Paul's Campus started as 'St. Paul's College' in 1965, under the guidance of the American Order of the Society of Marianists. The order had been asked to start this Catholic Secondary Boys' College by the then Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr. Daniel Mannix. The college's colours were then Red, White and Blue and its motto was Ecce Mater Tua (Latin:"Behold Thy Mother").

In the early 1960s, the local parish priests purchased a large, eight hectare, undeveloped block in Altona North. Through the work of the parents of the school's first students, the austere block was transformed into an attractive property. The College's primary edifice, the three-storey building called the "Jubilee Building", was completed in 1969. Following to be completed were:

The Jubilee Building was extensively renovated in 1998. In 2004, with the assistance of a Commonwealth Government grant, work commenced on enlarging the library complex and the building of two new computer labs. These developments were completed in 2005 and the College has not undergone any significant renovations since.

In 2006, the plans for Emmanuel College and the future of the school initiated. 2008 saw the full change from 'St. Paul's College' to 'Emmanuel College' with the acquisition of a second co-educational campus. The school eventually incorporated a new emblem and changed its motto to Life To The Full, which comes from the Gospel according to John: ""I have come that they may have life and have it to the full"" (John 10:10).

Since 1997, the principal has been Mr. Christopher Stock (BSc DipEd MEd B.Theol) at the St. Paul's Campus. In 2008 when the change to Emmanuel College was complete, he became the principal of Emmanuel College, and thus being the principal of two schools; the St. Paul's Campus and the Notre Dame Campus.

Emmanuel College House System consists of 5 houses:

These houses are named after the Marianists who first served at the school. Each house has 10 homerooms, each with about 25 students ranged from years 7-12 per homeroom.

Emmanuel College has offered the VCE program at the St. Paul's Campus since its began in 1990.



Basra

Basra (البصرة; Al Baṣrah) is the third largest city of Iraq with a population of about 2,600,000 (2003). It is the country's main port. Baṣra played an important role in early Islamic history, and it was the first city built in Islam 14 A.H (after Hijra)
The city lies at the Shatt al-Arab waterway near the Persian Gulf, from the Persian Gulf and from Baghdad, Iraq's capital and largest city.



Hijra

Hijra, as an Arabic word meaning migration (also romanised as hijrah, hejira and hegira) (cf. Hebrew הגירה "hagirah" for "emigration") could mean:


Hijra may also mean:

Hejira may mean:

Hegira may mean: 


Hiigara may mean:

Hijrah

Hijra (هِجْرَة), or withdrawal, is the word that is used for the movement of Muhammad and most of his followers from Mecca to Medina in 622. The Hijra marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar. Alternate spellings of this Arabic word in the Latin alphabet are Hijrah, or Hegira in Latin.
The Muslim dates are in the Islamic calendar extended back in time. The Western dates are in the Julian calendar. The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi' I, about 66 days after 1 Muharram, the first day of the Muslim year. Many writers confuse the first day of the year of the Hijra with the Hijra itself, erroneously stating that the Hijra occurred on 1 Muharram AH 1 or 16 July 622.




The Nanny

The Nanny was an American sitcom starring Fran Drescher. It first showed in 1993 and ended in 1999.



Fran Fine is a bridal consultant at Danny's Parisian Brides for Less. Thinking her boyfriend of three years will propose at any minute, she stays with him. But in the series premier, he dumps her for Heather Biblow. He fires her so Heather Biblow can take her job. Fran is forced to take a job as a door-to-door cosmetics saleswoman for Shades of the Orient cosmetics. When she knocks on the door of the Sheffield residence, the man at the door, who turns out to be the butler, mistakes her for an applicant for the nanny position. After meeting the man of the house, Maxwell Sheffield, he is none to thrilled with her unorthodox manners and lack of experience. Out of desperation, he takes her on as nanny on a trial basis.

The girls, Maggie, the oldest, and Gracie the youngest quickly warm up to her, but not Maxwell's son, the middle boy Brighton. He was the hardest to win over, and eventually she becomes an integral part of the Sheffield home, and she becomes best friends with the butler Niles. Maxwell's business partner C.C. Babcock, who wants Maxwell for herself, becomes jealous of Fran and sees her as a competitor.

The series showed many hints of the growing attraction between Miss Fine and Mr Sheffield, even so far as Mr Sheffield saying he loved her...then taking it back. Eventually they do get married after a lot of ups and downs. Near the end of the series, Fran gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl. The Sheffields (Maxwell, Fran, Grace, Jonah, Eve) move to California. Maggie and Brighton take a trip to Europe. The last scene of the show is of Fran finding her Shades of the Orient case from the series premiere, looking at the case and the house with loving memories and walking out the door for the last time.

The show performed poorly in its first year. When it was almost canceled, Sagansky stepped in. According to Jacobson: "At all those affiliate meetings, he used to say, 'Stick by "The Nanny"!' He knew it was something special." The sitcom was the first new show delivered to CBS for the 1993 season. It was the highest-tested pilot at the network in years. The series was also very successful internationally. In Australia, it was one of the highest-rated programs during the mid-to-late 1990s.


List of The Nanny episodes

This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television sitcom The Nanny. There are 146 episodes in this series.

Wake County, North Carolina

Wake County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 1,129,410 people lived there. Wake County has more people than any other county in North Carolina. The county seat is Raleigh, which is also the state capital. From 2005 to 2006, Wake County was the 9th fastest growing county in the United States.

These cities and towns are in Wake County:

These counties are connected to Wake County:

Wake County has seven colleges and universities. They are: Meredith College, North Carolina State University, Peace College, Saint Augustine's College, Shaw University, Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and Wake Technical Community College.

The Wake County Public School System runs the public schools in Wake County. The school system has over 134,000 students. There are 20 high schools, 30 middle schools, 93 elementary schools and 8 specialized schools. There are also nine charter schools and 31 private schools in the county.

Raleigh-Durham International Airport is in Wake County. Interstate 40 is a major interstate and part of it goes through the county. Several local bus services have routes throughout Wake County. Wake County also has two Amtrak stations, one in Raleigh and one in Cary.

Wake County has three state parks: Falls Lake State Recreation Area, William B. Umstead State Park, and the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area. Falls Lake Park is in northern Wake County and contains the 12,000 acre Falls Lake and 26,000 acres of woods. Umstead Park is between Raleigh and Cary. It has 5,579 acres of woods. Part of Jordan Lake Park, is in Wake County near Apex, and it has the 13,940 acre Jordan Lake and 46,768 acres of woods. This park has bald eagles.
There are 152 city parks, public swimming pools and public tennis courts in Wake County. There are 53 community centers. Fifteen miles of the American Tobacco Trail is in the county. People can use the trail to walk, jog, and ride bikes or horses.

Wake County has three main hospitals, Rex Hospital, WakeMed, and Duke Raleigh Hospital. WakeMed also has many smaller hospitals throughout the county

Alison Moyet

Alison Moyet (born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet on 18 June 1961), is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice . 

Alison Moyet was born in Billericay, Essex, England. Her father was French; her mother was English. She grew up in Basildon, where she attended school. She left school at 16 and trained as a piano tuner. She was involved in a number of punk rock, pub rock and blues bands in the South East Essex area during the late 1970s and early 1980s, including the Vandals, the Screamin' Ab Dabs, the Vicars and the Little Roosters.

Moyet's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group Yazoo with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke. Yazoo had several hits, including "Only You", "Don't Go", "Situation" and "Nobody's Diary", and recorded two albums, "Upstairs at Eric's" and "You and Me Both". 

In 1983 Moyet and Clarke decided to end Yazoo. Clarke formed The Assembly and later Erasure; Moyet started a solo career. Moyet reunited with Clarke as Yazoo for a live tour during 2008.

Durham County, North Carolina

Durham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its county seat is Durham.

The county was made on April 17, 1881, from parts of Orange County and Wake County. In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township in Wake County were transferred to Durham County and became Carr Township.

Durham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

The only incorporated city in Durham County is the City of Durham. But, parts of the Town of Chapel Hill in Orange County are also in Durham County.



Nash County, North Carolina

Nash County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 94,970 people lived there. Its county seat is Nashville.

The county was made in 1777 from Edgecombe County. It was named for Brigadier General Francis Nash, who had been wounded that year at the Battle of Germantown.

In 1855 parts of Nash County, Edgecombe County, Johnston County, and Wayne County were combined to make Wilson County.

Nash County is part of the regional Upper Coastal Plain Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Nash County:

These are the cities and towns in Nash County:


Granville County, North Carolina

Granville County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 60,992 people lived there. Its county seat is Oxford.

The county was made in 1746 from Edgecombe County.

In 1752 parts of Granville County, Bladen County, and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County. In 1764 the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County. And in 1881 parts of Granville County, Franklin County, and Warren County were combined to form Vance County.

Granville County is part of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments.

The counties border, or connect to, Granville County:

These cities and towns are in Granville County:


Franklin County, North Carolina

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 68,573 people lived there. Its county seat is Louisburg.

The county was made in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County. It was named for Benjamin Franklin.

In 1881, parts of Franklin County, Granville County, and Warren County were combined to form Vance County.

Franklin County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments.

The Methodist Louisburg College and a campus of Vance-Granville Community College are in Franklin County.

These counties are connected to Franklin County:

These cities and towns are in Franklin County:


Shoulder rest

A shoulder rest is something which is used by people who play the violin or the viola. It may be made of wood, aluminium, carbon fiber or plastic. It appeared around the middle part of the 20th century. Usually, the shoulder rest attaches to the edge of the violin with "feet" padded with rubber tubing or made of soft plastic.

The purpose of a shoulder rest is to help the player to be comfortable holding the violin, which is held between the chin and the shoulder. It is a relatively recent invention, and though it is quite commonly used among modern violinists and violists, it is not universally used. Depending on body type and style of clothes, some musicians prefer no more than a thin sponge, a cloth or sometimes nothing at all under the instrument. It is important that the player can shift his left hand easily and freely to play in the higher positions without being afraid that he will drop the instrument, and without feeling the need to squeeze the instrument between his chin and shoulder as this will make the muscles in his neck very tight.

The shoulder rest must not be confused with the chinrest, which is the bit on which the player rests his chin.


Johnston County, North Carolina

Johnston County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 215,999 people lived there. Its county seat is Smithfield.

The county was made in 1746 from Craven County. It was named for Gabriel Johnston, who used to be the governor of North Carolina.

In 1752 parts of Johnston County, Bladen County, and Granville County were combined to form Orange County. In 1758 the eastern part of Johnston County became Dobbs County. In 1770 parts of Johnston County, Cumberland County, and Orange County were combined to form Wake County. And in 1855 parts of Johnston County, Edgecombe County, Nash County, and Wayne County were combined to form Wilson County.

Johnston County is a member of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Johnston County:


These cities and towns are in Johnston County:



Felinae

The Felinae is a subfamily of the Felidae family. It includes small cats and a few medium-large cats, especially the cougar ("Puma concolor") and the cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus").

There is now a precise classification for the living members of the subfamily based on genetic research. These genetic lineages have been identified:


The Quibbler

The Quibbler is a fictional magazine of the Harry Potter world. 
"The Quibbler" is written by Xenophilius Lovegood, father of Luna Lovegood. The magazine is meant to cause shock, and contains the strange opinions of Xenophilius. Luna believes in everything her father says and during the "Order of the Phoenix" she had lots of arguments with Hermione Granger about it.

"The Quibbler" often has articles about creatures that other characters believe to not exist. Because of Hermione, in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", it published an interview between Rita Skeeter and Harry Potter. In this interview, Harry said that he had seen Lord Voldemort.

For most of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", "The Quibbler" writes positive views on Harry, and tells people to support him. However, after Luna is taken by the "Death Eaters" (supporters of Voldemort), Xenophilius turns against Harry and begins posting wanted signs for him in "The Quibbler". When Harry visits him for information on the "Deathly Hallows", Xenophilius turns him in to the Death Eaters. Harry narrowly escapes.

Camera obscura

A camera obscura (plural "camerae obscurae" or "camera obscuras", from Latin , "dark chamber") is a darkened room with a small hole or lens at one side through which an image is projected onto a wall or table opposite the hole. Camera obscura is Latin for "dark chamber."

At its most basic, the camera obscura is a simple box (which may be room-sized) with a small hole in one side, (see pinhole camera for details on how to build one). Light from only one part of a scene will pass through the hole and strike a specific part of the back wall. (The projection can be made on paper on which an artist can copy the image.) As the pinhole is made smaller, the image gets sharper, but the light-sensitivity decreases. With this simple apparatus, the image is always upside-down. By using mirrors, as in the 18th century overhead version, it is also possible to project a "right-side-up" image.

The first mention and discovery of the principles behind the pinhole camera, a precursor to the camera obscura, belong to Mozi (470 BC to 390 BC), a Chinese philosopher and founder of Mohism. Later, Aristotle (384 to 322 BC) understood the optical principle of the pinhole camera. He viewed the crescent shape of a partially eclipsed sun projected on the ground through the holes in a sieve, and the gaps between leaves of a plane tree.

The first camera obscura was later built by an Iraqi scientist named Abu Ali Al-Hasan Ibn al-Haytham, born in Basra (965-1039 AD), known in the West as "Alhacen" or "Alhazen", who carried out practical experiments on optics in his "Book of Optics".

In his various experiments, Ibn Al-Haitham used the term “"al-Bayt al-Muẓlim"”(), translated in English as dark room. In the experiment he undertook, in order to establish that light travels in time and with speed, he says: “If "the hole was covered with a curtain and the curtain was taken off, the light traveling from the hole to the opposite wall will consume time.”" He reiterated the same experience when he established that light travels in straight lines. The most revealing experiment which indeed introduced the camera obscura was in his studies of the half-moon shape of the sun’s image during eclipses which he observed on the wall opposite a small hole made in the window shutters. In his famous essay "On the form of the Eclipse" ("Maqālah fī Sura al-Kosūf") () he commented on his observation "The "image of the sun at the time of the eclipse, unless it is total, demonstrates that when its light passes through a narrow, round hole and is cast on a plane opposite to the hole it takes on the form of a moon-sickle"”.

In his experiment of the sun light he extended his observation of the penetration of light through the pinhole to conclude that when the sun light reaches and penetrates the hole it makes a conic shape at the points meeting at the pinhole, forming later another conic shape reverse to the first one on the opposite wall in the dark room. This happens when sun light diverges from point “ﺍ” until it reaches an aperture “ﺏﺤ” and is projected through it onto a screen at the luminous spot “ﺩﻫ”. Since the distance between the aperture and the screen is insignificant in comparison to the distance between the aperture and the sun, the divergence of sunlight after going through the aperture should be insignificant. In other words, “ﺏﺤ” should be about equal to “ﺩﻫ”. However, it is observed to be much greater “ﻙﻁ” when the paths of the rays which form the extremities of “ﻙﻁ” are retraced in the reverse direction, it is found that they meet at a point outside the aperture and then diverge again toward the sun as illustrated in figure 1. This was indeed the first accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon.
In camera terms, the light converges into the room through the hole transmitting with it the object(s) facing it. The object will appear in full colour but upside down on the projecting screen/wall opposite the hole inside the dark room. The explanation is that light travels in a straight line and when some of the rays reflected from a bright subject pass through the small hole in thin material they do not scatter but cross and reform as an upside down image on a flat white surface held parallel to the hole. Ib Al-Haitham established that the smaller the hole is, the clearer the picture is.

Although both the pinhole camera and camera obscura is credited to Ibn al-Haytham, the camera obscura was first described by Aristotle, who was the first to describe how an image is formed on the eye, using the camera obscura as an analogy. Alhazen states (in the Latin translation), and with respect to the camera obscura, "Et nos non inventimus ita", we did not invent this.

Some camera obscura have been built as tourist attractions, often taking the form of a large chamber within a high building that can be darkened so that a 'live' panorama of the world outside is projected onto a horizontal surface through a rotating lens. Although few now survive, examples can be found at the following locations:

There is also a portable example which Willett & Patteson tour around England and the world.




Camera obscura (disambiguation)

Camera obscura means "darkened chamber" to describe early devices for projecting an image on a screen, by use of a lens or a pinhole.

Camera obscura can also mean


Pinhole camera

A pinhole camera is a camera without a conventional glass lens. An extremely small hole in a thin material can create an image when all light rays from a scene go through a single point. In order to produce a reasonably clear image, the aperture has to be about 1/100th the distance to the screen, or less. The shutter of a pinhole camera usually consists of a hand operated flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole. 

A common use of a pinhole camera is to capture the movement of sunlight over a long period of time. This type of photography is called Solargraphy. 
Pinhole cameras require much longer exposure times than conventional cameras because of the small aperture; typical exposure times can range from 5 seconds to hours or days. 

The image may be projected on a translucent screen for real-time viewing (popular for viewing solar eclipses; see also camera obscura).

Like other cameras, pinhole cameras make the picture upside-down.

Very early in history (as far back as 500 B.C.), Greeks such as Aristotle and Euclid wrote on naturally-occurring rudimentary pinhole cameras, for example light may travel through the slits of wicker baskets and the crossing of leaves The ancient Greeks, however, believed that our eye emitted rays which enabled us to see. What enabled a much better understanding of the pinhole camera was the discovery that light enters the eye rather than leaving it. It was the 10th-century Muslim mathematician, astronomer and physicist Ibn al-Haytham who published this idea.


Shutter

Shutter could mean:

Windows:

Optical:

Acoustic:

Movies:

Other

Shutter (photography)

In photography, a shutter is the part of a camera that opens for a controlled period of time to let light in during taking a picture.

A shutter can also be used to allow pulses of light to pass outwards, as in a movie projector or signal lamp.

Camera shutters can be fitted in two positions:

Shutters immediately behind the lens were used in some cameras with limited lens interchangeability. Shutters in front of the lens were used in the early days of photography.


Movie projector

A movie projector is a machine that shows moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen. Most of the optical and mechanical elements, except for the illumination and sound devices, are present in movie cameras. Many movie projectors use film and are called "film projectors". They are similar to slide projectors but with additional parts to keep the film moving at the correct speed.


List of craters on Puck

The following lists all of the craters on Puck. Puck is a moon of Uranus. Craters on Puck are named after spirits from European mythology.

Indigofera

Indigofera is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants. They mostly grow in tropical areas of the world. They were used to make Indigo dye.

Emmanuel College: Notre Dame Campus

The Emmanuel College: Notre Dame Campus is a Roman Catholic, secondary day school, located in Point Cook, a south-western suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It a branch of one of Emmanuel College's education facilities.

In 2006, the plans for Emmanuel College and the future school initiated. Construction of the education facility began in 2007 and was completed before the school's opening, ready for the school's first year of education.

The school only teaches year sevens, but will expand to educating years seven to twelve by the year 2013. It was planned for the school to expand one year level each year, so when the year sevens of 2008 become year eights, the school will teach both years seven and eight, and so on until 2013 when it would have finished this process.

The Notre Dame Campus currently enlists an unknown number of staff.

The incumbent principal is Mr. Christopher Stock (BSc DipEd MEd B.Theol).

The VCE program will be implemented in 2012 at the Notre Dame Campus when it commences it's year 11 education.



Claudette Colbert

Claudette Colbert ( ; born Émilie Claudette Chauchoin; September 13, 1903 – July 30, 1996) was an American actress.

Colbert was famous for her light comedy as well as emotional drama. She became one of the biggest box-office stars of her time. In 1999, she was ranked as the 12th greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars. Colbert once said to an interviewer, "Audiences always sound like they're glad to see me, and I'm damned glad to see them."

Colbert was born on September 13, 1903, to Georges Cauchoin and his wife, the former Jeanne Loew. Her family emigrated to the United States and settled in New York City. She had one brother, Charles, who used the surname Wendling and went on to become his sister's agent. After her formal education ended, she enrolled in the , where she paid for her dramatic training by working in a dress shop. She made her Broadway debut in 1923 in the stage production of "The Wild Wescotts". It was during this event that she adopted the name Claudette Colbert. One of the brightest film stars to grace the screen was born Emilie Claudette Chauchoin on September 13, 1903, in Saint Mandé, France where her father owned a bakery at 57, rue de la République (now Avenue Général de Gaulle). The family moved to the United States when she was three years old. She began acting in high school and in 1923 appeared on the Broadway stage in a small part. Hooked, she gave up on her plans to be a fashion designer to instead pursue a career in acting. She made her first motion picture appearance in 1927, in "", a silent movie shot on location in Paramount Studios in New York, New York facilities. However, talking movies were taking over and two years later, Colbert appeared in her first talking movie, "", co-starring another newcomer, Edward G. Robinson. Her final appearance before the cameras was in a TV movie, (1987). She did, however, remain on the stage where she had returned in 1956, her first love. After a series of strokes, Claudette divided her time between New York and Barbados. On July 30, 1996, Claudette died in Speightstown,Barbados. She was 92 years old.

In 1930 Colbert signed a contract with Paramount Pictures, who were looking for stage actors who could handle dialog in the new "talkies" medium. Colbert's elegant, musical voice was one of her best assets. Some of her early hit movies were "Manslaughter" (1930) and "Honor Among Lovers" (1931), both with Fredric March, "The Smiling Lieutenant" (1931), with Maurice Chevalier and Miriam Hopkins, and "Torch Singer" (1933), with Ricardo Cortez and David Manners.

Colbert's career got a huge boost when Cecil B. DeMille cast her as the Roman empress Poppaea in his historical epic "The Sign of the Cross" (1932), opposite Fredric March and Charles Laughton (as Nero). In one of the most memorable scenes in movie history, Claudette bathes nude in a marble pool filled with asses' milk.

She worked again for DeMille and was dazzling as his "Cleopatra" (1934), opposite Warren William and Henry Wilcoxon. In 1934 she won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role opposite Clark Gable in the Frank Capra classic screwball comedy "It Happened One Night", a movie she initially described as the "worst picture in the world". Her performance, however, proved to Hollywood that she was an expert comedienne. She initially balked at pulling up her skirt to entice a passing car to give her and Gable a ride in one famous scene, complaining that it was unladylike. However, upon seeing the chorus girl who was brought in as her body double, an outraged Colbert told the director, "Get her out of here. I'll do it. That's not my leg!" Colbert then starred in the original "Imitation of Life" (1934), opposite Warren William and Louise Beavers.

Claudette spent the rest of the 1930s deftly alternating between romantic comedies and dramas, and found success in both: "Private Worlds" (1935), with Charles Boyer; "She Married Her Boss" (1935), with Melvyn Douglas; "The Gilded Lily" (1935) and "The Bride Comes Home" (1935), both with Fred MacMurray; "Under Two Flags" (1936), with Ronald Colman; "Tovarich" (1937), again with Boyer; "Bluebeard's Eighth Wife" (1938), with Gary Cooper; "Zaza" (1939), with Herbert Marshall; "Midnight" (1939), with Don Ameche; "It's a Wonderful World" (1939), with James Stewart; and "Drums Along the Mohawk" (1939), with Henry Fonda.

In addition to Capra and DeMille, Colbert was working with the top directors in the industry: Dorothy Arzner, Ernst Lubitsch, Preston Sturges, Frank Lloyd, John M. Stahl, Wesley Ruggles, Gregory La Cava, Anatole Litvak, George Cukor, Mitchell Leisen, and John Ford.

Colbert believed that her face was difficult to light and photograph, and was obsessed with not showing her "bad" side, the right, to the camera, because of a small bump that resulted from a childhood broken nose.

From 1936 to 1944, she starred in numerous programs of Cecil B. DeMille's "Lux Radio Theater", which was one of the most popular dramatic radio shows at the time. In 1952, she returned to work in her native France where she stayed until 1955.

Apart from making two more Hollywood movies, she went back to Broadway in 1958 doing "The Marriage Go-Round" with Charles Boyer, earning a 1959 Tony Award nomination for her work. Also for her Chicago theatre work, in 1980 she won the . In 1984 she appeared with Rex Harrison in Frederick Lonsdale's "Aren't We All" at the Haymarket Theatre, London, and also the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on Broadway, presented by Douglas Urbanski. Ms. Colbert's last movie was "Parrish" in 1961. She acted in numerous Broadway plays for the next twenty years. In 1987, she did a television mini-series titled "" and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Mini-series or a Special. In 1988, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture made for TV. In 1989 she received the Kennedy Center Honors.

During her career, Claudette Colbert played in sixty-five movies. For her contribution to the motion picture industry, she was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Colbert married twice. Her first husband was Norman Foster, an actor and later a director, whom she married in 1928 and divorced in Mexico in 1935. According to the account of the divorce in the "New York Times", published on August 31, 1935, "Some secrecy surrounded the proceedings, for while Mr. Feldman [Colbert's agent] apparently was at liberty to tell of the divorce being granted, he said he could not tell where in Mexico it was obtained." The report further stated that "The Fosters created something of a sensation when they disclosed that they were trying to remain happily married while living in separate homes. But even this experiment apparently failed." Four months after her divorce, on December 24, 1935, Colbert married Dr. Joel J. Pressman, a throat specialist, who died in 1968; her former husband went on to marry the actress Sally Blane, a sister of Loretta Young.

When she retired from motion pictures, Colbert and her husband moved to Palm Springs where she operated a store for a time before moving to Barbados. The idea of moving to Barbados came to her following a visit to Noël Coward's house in Jamaica. At her home there, called Bellerive, she spent her later years as a hostess to the world's powerful and famous. Ronald Reagan was one of her guests during his presidency, as were , Kirk Douglas, Jack Benny, Rex Harrison, and Slim Keith. She had a small guest house built on the property for the honeymoon of Frank Sinatra and Mia Farrow.

Colbert died at her home in Barbados, following series of small strokes during the last two years of her life at the age of 92, and she was interred there in the Parish of St. Peter Cemetery along with her mother and husband. A requiem mass was held at St. Vincent Ferrer church in New York City later.

According to an article published in August 10, 1996 issue of the "Cincinnati Post", the childless Colbert left most of her estate, estimated at $3.5 million and including her Manhattan apartment and her home in Barbados, to a friend, Helen O'Hagan, a retired director of corporate relations at Saks Fifth Avenue, whom Colbert had met in 1961 on the set of "Parrish", the actress's last movie. Bellerive was later bought by David Geffen.

After Colbert's death, rumors about the actress's purported lesbian relationships, including supposed affairs with Marlene Dietrich and Greta Garbo, began to circulate in the international media. In response, Colbert's friend Helen O'Hagan told the "New York Daily News" that the actress barely knew Dietrich or Garbo and that Colbert was "a man's lady". The purported Colbert-Dietrich relationship also was explored in the 2001 book "Behind the Screen: How Gays and Lesbians Shaped Hollywood, 1910-1969" by William J. Mann, a movie historian.








Yekaterinburg

Yekaterinburg (formerly named Sverdlovsk) is a big city in the Ural mountains in the Asian part of Russia. It is the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast. It has a population of 1,483,119 people. The city was started in 1723 by Vasily Tatischev and named after empress Catherine I who was the Peter the Great’s wife.

Yekaterinburg is a sister city of


Collingwood, Victoria

Collingwood is a suburb in Melbourne, Australia. It was named after Baron Cuthbert Collingwood (1748 - 1810), an admiral of the Royal Navy.

The Collingwood Football Club was originally based in Collingwood, but has since moved to the Lexus Centre.

George M. Dallas

George Mifflin Dallas (July 10, 1792 – December 31, 1864) was an American politician and diplomat. He was the 11th vice president of the United States from 1845 to 1849, under James K. Polk. Before becoming vice president, he was a senator from Pennsylvania and the mayor of Philadelphia.

Dallas was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the College of New Jersey (now the Princeton University) in 1810.

Dallas was born in Philadelphia on July 10, 1792. His parents were Alexander James Dallas and Arabella Maria Smith Dallas. His father was the Secretary of the Treasury under United States President James Madison, and was also briefly the Secretary of War. George Dallas was given his middle name after Thomas Mifflin. Mifflin was another politician who was good friends with his father.

Dallas was the second of six children. One of his brothers, Alexander, would become the commander of Pensacola Navy Yard. He was taught privately at Quaker-run preparatory schools, before studying at the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University). He graduated with highest honors in 1810. While at College, he did several activities, including the American Whig–Cliosophic Society. He studied law in his father's office, and he was admitted to the bar in 1813.

As a new graduate, Dallas did not want to become a lawyer; he wanted to fight in the War of 1812. He gave up on that plan after his father said no. Just after this, Dallas became the private secretary of Albert Gallatin. He went to Russia with Gallatin, who was sent there to try to get it to help with peace negotiations between Great Britain and the United States. Dallas liked the opportunities he got by being in Russia, but after six months there he was told to go to London to find out whether the War of 1812 could be ended by talking. In August 1814, he arrived in Washington, D.C. and delivered a draft of Britain's peace terms. There, James Madison made him the remitter of the treasury. Since the job did not have a big workload, Dallas found time to work on understanding politics. He later became the counsel to the Second Bank of the United States. In 1817, Dallas's father died, ending Dallas's plan for a family law practice. He then stopped working for the Second Bank of the United States and became the deputy attorney general of Philadelphia, which lasted until 1820.

After the War of 1812, Pennsylvania's political climate was chaotic. There were two factions in that state's Democratic party vying for control. Dallas led the Philadelphia-based "Family party". The other faction was called the "Amalgamators", and it was led by future President James Buchanan.

Voters elected Dallas mayor of Philadelphia as the candidate of the Family party, after the party gained control of the city councils. However, he quickly got bored of being the mayor. He became the United States attorney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania in 1829, and continued in that role until 1831. In December of that year, he won a contest in the state legislature, that enabled him to become the Senator from Pennsylvania in order to complete the unexpired term of the previous senator who had resigned.

Dallas served from 13 December 1831 to 3 March 1833. He was chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs. Dallas did not try to get re-elected, due to both a fight over the Second Bank of the United States, and because his wife did not want to leave Philadelphia to move to Washington.

Dallas went back to his law career, and was attorney general of Pennsylvania from 1833 to 1835. He was initiated to the Scottish Rite Freemasonry at the Franklin Lodge #134, Pennsylvania, and served as the Grand Master of Freemasons in Pennsylvania in 1835. Dallas was offered the role of Attorney General, but did not take it, and went back to being a lawyer. In the lead-up to the 1844 presidential election, Dallas helped Van Buren get the Democratic nomination instead of Dallas's fellow Pennsylvanian, James Buchanan.

At the 1844 Democratic National Convention in Baltimore, James K. Polk and Silas Wright were nominated. However, Wright did not want to be vice president, and Dallas was picked as his replacement. Dallas was not at the convention. He was woken up at his home by people from the convention who went to Philadelphia to tell him the news. Dallas accepted the nomination. The Democrats won the election with an electoral vote of 170 out of 275.

Dallas decided to use his position to lower tariffs and make the country bigger. Dallas used to support the tariff policy that his state's coal and iron companies wanted. But as vice president, he agreed to do anything necessary to realize that goal. Dallas thought that the vice president's power to break tied votes in the Senate was similar to the president's power to veto acts of Congress. At the end of his term, Dallas said that he had cast thirty tie-breaking votes during his four years in office. Dallas talked about this achievement in his farewell address to the Senate. However, Dallas wanted to avoid having to break a tied vote on the tariff issue, and lobbied senators during the debate over Treasury Secretary Walker's tariff bill in the summer of 1846.

Despite Dallas's efforts to avoid taking a stand, the Senate completed its voting on the Walker Tariff with a 27-to-27 tie. (A twenty-eighth vote in favor was held in reserve by a senator who opposed the measure but agreed to follow the instructions of his state legislature to support it.) When he voted for the tariff on July 28, 1846, Dallas said that he had studied the Senate support and concluded that all regions of the country had people who liked the bill. Additionally, the measure had overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives. While the vote earned Dallas the respect of the president and certain party leaders from the southern and western states that supported low tariffs, it destroyed his home state political base.

While Dallas's tariff vote destroyed him in Pennsylvania, his aggressive views on Oregon and the Mexican War ruined his campaign efforts elsewhere in the nation. He shifted his attention to the aggressive, expansionist foreign policy program embodied in the concept of "Manifest Destiny" to get more votes. He actively supported efforts to gain control of Texas, the Southwest, Cuba, and disputed portions of the Oregon territory.

Dallas was important in the Senate, where he worked to support Polk and cast several tie-breaking votes. Dallas called for the annexation of all of the Oregon Territory and all of Mexico during the Mexican–American War, but accepted compromises that gave the United States parts of both areas. Though Dallas could not stop Polk from appointing Buchanan as Secretary of State, he helped convince Polk to appoint Robert J. Walker as Secretary of the Treasury. As vice president, Dallas tried to make himself a potential candidate for president in the 1848 election. However, his tie-breaking vote to lower a tariff destroyed much of his base in Pennsylvania, and his advocacy of popular sovereignty for slavery made more opposition against him.

In 1856, Franklin Pierce appointed Dallas minister to Great Britain, and he served as the minister until Abraham Lincoln appointed Charles F. Adams. When he started his service in England, he was called to work on the Central American question and the request made by the United States that Sir John Crampton, the British minister to the United States, should be recalled. At the end of his diplomatic career, Dallas returned to private life. He stopped getting involved in public affairs, except to condemn the Confederacy.

Dallas returned to Philadelphia, where he lived until his death from a heart attack on Saturday, December 31, 1864. He was 72 when he died.

William R. King

William Rufus deVane King (April 7, 1786 – April 18, 1853) was a U.S. representative from North Carolina, a senator from Alabama, and the thirteenth vice president of the United States. Excluding John Tyler and Andrew Johnson — both of whom ascended to the presidency — he was the shortest-serving person to occupy that office (45 days, "see List of vice presidents of the United States by time in office").

Harnett County, North Carolina

Harnett County is a county in the state of North Carolina, United States. In 2020, 133,568 people lived there. Its county seat is Lillington.

The county was made in 1855 from Cumberland County. It was named for Cornelius Harnett.

Harnett County is a member of the Mid-Carolina Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Harnett County:


Chatham County, North Carolina

Chatham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 76,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Pittsboro.

The county was made in 1771 from Orange County.

In 1907 parts of Chatham County and Moore County were combined to form Lee County.

Chatham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

Chatham County has its own public school system for grades kindergarten to 12. Central Carolina Community College also has two campuses in the county.

Chatham County has the only coal mines in North Carolina. Coal mining used to be very important to the county, but in the 1920s a bad accident in one of the mines killed many workers. By the 1940s all the mines had closed. Some people have tried to open the mines back up, but the mines are too dangerous. Right now none of the mines are open.

Many builders are building new houses in Chatham County right now. Some people in the county do not like this because they do not want Chatham County to have a lot of people. A lot of people want to live in Chatham County because they do not have to pay as much tax as people in other North Carolina counties do. But other people think it is good that a lot of people want to live in the county because then the county will make more money from taxes.


These cities and towns are in Chatham County:

These are the most important roads in Chatham County:


Carteret County, North Carolina

Carteret County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 67,686 people lived there. Its county seat is Beaufort. Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast.

Carteret County is part of the Eastern Carolina Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Carteret County:

The county has its own public school system called Carteret County Schools.


Doctor (Doctor Who)

The Doctor is the central character in the long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 

They are an alien, a "Time Lord" from the planet Gallifrey. The Doctor travels in their space-time-ship, the TARDIS, (Time And Relative Dimensions In Space) with which they can go anywhere in time and space. Because the TARDIS's "chameleon circuit" is broken, it looks like an old British police-call box permanently. The Doctor often takes other people with them, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The companions are always 21st century humans in the modern series, however the classic series often had human-looking aliens or people from the past or future. The most recent companion is Ruby Sunday.

The Doctor did not want to stay on Gallifrey any longer, so he "borrowed" an old Type 40 TARDIS. In the TARDIS he and his granddaughter Susan Foreman left their home planet Gallifrey. They stayed for a time on Earth in the 1960s, where Susan also went to school. Her teachers, Barbara Wright and Ian Chesterton, discovered the TARDIS. They traveled for a while with the Doctor, and returned to Earth two years later. After them the Doctor often took other people with him on his travels.

As a Gallifreyan the Doctor looks like a human on the surface, but there are differences. One well-known difference is that The doctor has two hearts. As a Time Lord the Doctor can also "regenerate", if doctor whos body is badly hurt and the doctor dies. During the "regeneration", the body is healed and renewed, which includes a different appearance and personality. The regenerated person is the same person, with the same memories and basic personality traits; but the person also looks different and a changed personality. Because of this the Doctor could be played by different actors. This made it possible for the series to be filmed over a time of nearly fifty years without having to actually "change" the character.

Up until now, the Doctor has regenerated Fifteen times, Regeneration can be controlled, but is usually decided without the doctor knowing his or her next face.

The Doctor has been played by other actors in other media, in theatre plays, parodies, etc. But these are not officially part of the "Doctor Who" storyline. Notable among them are:


Roger Penrose

Sir Roger Penrose Kt OM FRS (born 8 August 1931) is an English mathematical physicist. He is Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford and emeritus fellow of Wadham College.

Penrose won the Nobel Prize in Physics, jointly, in 2020. Previously he had won the 1988 Wolf Prize in Physics, which he shared with Stephen Hawking for the Penrose–Hawking singularity theorems.

He is renowned for his work in astrophysics with Stephen Hawking, in particular his contributions to general relativity and cosmology. He is also a recreational mathematician and philosopher.

Roger Penrose is the brother of mathematician Oliver Penrose and chess grandmaster Jonathan Penrose. His sister, now Shirley Hodgson, is a notable geneticist. He was born in Colchester, Essex, England. He was awarded the Copley Medal in 2008. 

In 2020, he shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Reinhard Genzel and Andrea M. Ghez.


Arthur (TV series)

Arthur is a animated television series that aired on PBS Kids in the United States. The main age range for this series is 4 to 8. It is based on the "Arthur" book series that is written and illustrated by Marc Brown. The series has 253 episodes (including specials) made from October 1996 to February 2022. The show has 25 seasons on PBS Kids.





Langur

The Gray langur or Hanuman langur (Semnopithecus) is a genus of colobine monkey. They are found in southeast Asia. The word "langur" means 'having a long tail'. It is commonly called the leaf monkey. They usually live in small groups of between 2 and 10 individuals. They mainly eat leaves, as well as some fruit. Langur spend most of their time in trees. They have white fur and black faces. They are considered sacred animals therefore the "National social mammal of India".

WWE Raw

WWE Raw is the Monday night professional wrestling television program, made by WWE in 1993. "WWE Raw" is usually seen as WWE's flagship program over its sister programs, "WWE SmackDown", "WWE NXT" and WWE Main Event, due to its longer history and the way it is promoted.

Starting as "WWF Monday Night Raw", the program first started on January 11, 1993 on the USA Network for one hour. The original "Raw" broke new ground in televised professional wrestling. Traditionally, wrestling shows were taped on sound stages with small viewers or at big arena shows. The "Raw" formula was very different than that of its predecessor, "Prime Time Wrestling". Instead of taped matches, with studio voice overs and taped chat, "Raw" was a show shot to a live viewers, with angles as they happened. The first episode had Yokozuna winning against Koko B. Ware, The Steiner Brothers winning against The Executioners, WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels winning against Max Moon and The Undertaker winning against Damien Demento. The show also featured an interview with Razor Ramon.

"Raw" came from the Grand Ballroom at Manhattan Center Studios, a small New York City theater and played live each week. The combination of an intimate venue and live action proved highly successful. However, the weekly live schedule proved to be a financial drain on the WWF, and taped shows began airing every other week. From early 1994 to September 1999, "Raw" was shown live on one Monday and then the next day (Tuesday) next Monday's "Raw" was taped. This meant that "Raw" was live one week and taped the next.

The storylines and characters during the early years of "Raw" still had a healthy dose of the old Federation "gimmick-heavy" style. For example, there were moments such as Irwin R. Schyster tearing up Tatanka's headdress, the different "Undertaker sightings" (during the Undertaker vs. Undertaker storyline, leading up to SummerSlam 1994); and characters like Duke "The Dumpster" Droese, Doink the Clown, or Thurman "Sparky" Plugg.

"Raw" was also one of a kind, in which they covered the unexpected, exciting moments, a prelude to the "Attitude Era", in which it coined "Raw" as "Uncut, Uncensored, Uncooked." Some of those moments are Razor Ramon losing a match unexpectedly to Sean "The 1-2-3 Kid" Waltman, who was later known as X-Pac, Marty Jannetty beating Shawn Michaels to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship, and "Raw" was the first WWF television program of any kind to show footage of Lex Luger bodyslamming Yokozuna at the "USS Intrepid".

The first hosts of "Raw" were Vince McMahon, Rob Bartlett and "Macho Man" Randy Savage. Sean Mooney conducted the interviews and Bobby "The Brain" Heenan also helped contribute. In March 1993, Rob Bartlett was dropped from the broadcasting team and was replaced by Bobby Heenan. Then on December 6, 1993, Gorilla Monsoon kicked Bobby Heenan out of the WWF forever. In reality, this was a storyline between Monsoon and his close friend Heenan, who decided to leave the World Wrestling Federation in order to lighten his travel schedule and because he did not want to take a 50% paycut. After about a year, "Raw" moved out of the Manhattan Center and traveled to various regular Federation venues in the United States.

In 1995, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) began showing its new wrestling show, "Monday Nitro", live each week on TNT. "Raw" and "Nitro" went head-to-head for the first time on September 11, 1995. Due to "Raw"'s taping schedule on several occasions, WCW Vice President Eric Bischoff, who was also an on-air personality, would often give away the results of WWF's taped "Raw" shows on the live WCW show. Some fans also looked at "Raw" taping results on the steadily-growing Internet; as a result, this caused the ratings of the taped "Raw" episodes to be lower.

"WWF Raw" had a live broadcast every other week to save costs, until September 1999, when ratings and pay-per-view buy rates had grow, allowing them to justify doing a weekly live show.

At the start of the ratings war in 1995 through to mid-1996, "Raw" and "Nitro" exchanged victories over each over in a closely contested rivalry. Beginning in mid-1996, however, thanks primarily to the nWo angle, "Monday Nitro" started a ratings win-streak that lasted for eighty-three continuous weeks, ending on April 13, 1998.

On February 3, 1997, "Monday Night Raw" went to a two hour format, as the Attitude Era was starting to come in full stream in the WWF. In an attempt to break the momentum of what had turned into ratings domination by WCW's competing "Monday Nitro", Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) was brought in as Jerry Lawler "challenged" ECW on February 17, 1997. In an episode where "Raw" returned to the Manhattan Center, the "challenge" answered on the following week's show with Taz, Mikey Whipwreck, Sabu, Tommy Dreamer, D-Von Dudley, and the Sandman. ECW owner Paul Heyman did a call-in interview on "Raw" the week after that.

During 1997, there were more and more controversial elements in "Raw" and WWF programming such as the Nation of Domination, and the D-Generation X "racial graffiti" storyline designed to "implicate Bret Hart's 'the Hart Foundation'", and the "XXX Files" series.

On March 10, 1997, "Monday Night Raw" officially became "Raw is War". The March 17, 1997 episode featured a heated Bret Hart/Vince McMahon ringside altercation (that unknowingly foreshadowed events in November) with profanity normally unheard on TV. Brian Pillman did a series of "XXX Files" segments with Terri Runnels, which further "pushed the envelope". These segments ended prematurely with the September 29, 1997 episode of "Raw", after the death of Pillman on October 5, 1997 due to hereditary heart problems.

After WrestleMania XIV in March 1998, the WWF regained the lead in the Monday Night Wars with its new "WWF Attitude" brand, led in particular by rising stars Steve Austin, The Rock and Mankind. The classic feud between the villainous WWF Chairman Vince McMahon (who was re-imagined and re-branded from the color commentator into the evil company chairman character Mr. McMahon after the real-life Montreal Screwjob incident) and fan favorite Steve Austin (who had been released by Bischoff in the summer of 1995 for not being marketable) caught the imaginations of fans. The April 13, 1998 episode of "Raw", headlined by a match between Austin and McMahon, marked the first time that WCW had lost the head-to-head Monday night ratings battle in the 84 weeks since 1996.

While "Raw" was taking a new approach to programming, "Nitro" would start making lackluster shows with the same storylines. Older stars such as Hogan and Nash frequented the main events, while younger talent such as Chris Jericho, Chris Benoit and Eddie Guerrero were not given opportunities to advance, and the only newcomer elevated to main-event status at this time was Bill Goldberg.

Meanwhile, on "Raw", fans were immersed in the feud between WWF owner Vince McMahon and "Stone Cold" Steve Austin. New talent such as Triple H and his D-Generation X faction, Mankind and The Rock were elevated to main event status on the WWF's program. Superstars such as Kane, Val Venis, Goldust, etc. were coming through the ranks and exposing the WWF as the place where new talent comes through unlike the WCW counterpart. Things were so heated between the two programs that, when both shows were in the same area on the same night ("Raw" in Hampton, Virginia, "Nitro" in Norfolk), D-X was sent to film a "war" segment at the Norfolk Scope where they berated WCW and interviewed fans on camera who stated that they received their "Nitro" tickets for free (presumably in an attempt by WCW to pack the arena as full as possible due to low ticket sales).

On January 4, 1999. Mick Foley, who had wrestled for WCW in the early 1990s as Cactus Jack, won the WWF Title as Mankind on "Raw". On orders from Bischoff, "Nitro" announcer Tony Schiavone gave away this previously taped result on the live "Nitro", and then sarcastically added ""that'll sure put some butts in the seats""; over 600,000 viewers changed channels to watch "Raw". This was also the night that "Nitro" aired a WCW World Championship match in which Kevin Nash blatantly laid down for Hulk Hogan after Hogan poked him in the chest. The next week, and for months after, many fans in the "Raw" audience brought signs which read, ""Mick Foley put my ass in this seat!""

A new television contract with Viacom led to a WWF change in the broadcast. On September 25, 2000, "Raw" moved from the USA Network to TNN (which later became Spike TV).

WCW's sharp decrease in revenue and ratings led to Time Warner's sale of the company to the WWF in 2001. The last version of "Nitro" was shown on March 26, 2001. The show began with Vince McMahon making a short statement about his recent purchase of WCW and ended with a simulcast on "Raw" on TNN with an appearance by Vince's son Shane McMahon on "Nitro". Shane interrupted his father's gloating over the WCW purchase to explain that Shane was the one who actually owned WCW, setting up what become the WWF's "Invasion" storyline.

The "Raw is War" logo and name were retired in September 2001, following the September 11, 2001 attacks and sensitivity over the word "war". It also symbolized that professional wrestling's "Monday Night Wars" were over.

In early to mid-2002, WWE had a process they called the "Brand Extension". WWE divided itself into two "de facto" wrestling promotions with separate rosters, storylines and authority figures. Raw and SmackDown! would host each division, give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other. The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors, WCW and ECW. The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of "WWF Raw" on March 25, 2002, and became official the next day.

Wrestlers now would become show-exclusive, wrestling for their specific show only. At the time this excluded the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship, as those WWE titles would be defended on both shows. In August 2002, WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar did not want to defend the title on "Raw", in effect causing his title to become exclusive to "SmackDown!" The following week on Raw, General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to Raw's designated #1 contender, Triple H. Due to the fact that since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown! exclusive it was no longer seen as "undisputed". Following this, the WWE Women's Championship soon became Raw-exclusive as well. As a result of the Brand Extension, an annual "draft lottery" was instituted to exchange members of each roster and generally refresh the lineups.

"WWE Raw" said they have earned the distinction of having the most original episodes of any fictional weekly program on August 2, 2005 when it broadcast the 636th episode. It was said to have took the place of "Gunsmoke", which held that distinction. However, under the criteria WWE used to make this claim, the actual record would be held by the show "Georgia Championship Wrestling", which ran continuously on Saturday evenings on TBS between 1972 and 1984.

On March 10, 2005, Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV, making it so "Raw" and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005. On April 4, 2005, WWE announced a 3-year deal with NBC Universal to bring "Raw" back to its old home, the USA Network, with 2 yearly specials on NBC and a Spanish "Raw" on Telemundo. On the same week as "Raw"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s restart on USA, Spike TV scheduled Ultimate Fighting Championship's live "Ultimate Fight Night" in "Raw"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s old timeslot in a try to go head-to-head with "Raw".

The show's first night back on USA was billed as the "WWE Homecoming" and featured the return of former WWE Champions such as Hulk Hogan, Steve Austin, Mick Foley, Triple H and Vince McMahon along with cameos from legends such as Roddy Piper, Jimmy Hart, Jimmy Snuka and Harley Race. WWE Homecoming was three hours long — the longest an episode of "Raw" has ever run in its 12-year history. USA also showed "Raw Exposed", an hour of the best moments of "Raw" during its previous run on USA. WWE announced that "Raw" got its highest ratings in three years, gaining close to six million viewers.

The following week, Vince McMahon fired Jim Ross for not helping after Steve Austin gave him and his entire family the Stone Cold Stunner. Jonathan Coachman, the second analyst at the table, took over Ross's duties as play-by-play for two weeks until former ECW announcer Joey Styles was hired.

On the May 1, 2006 version of "Raw", Joey Styles said he was quitting (kayfabe). His vacating of the announcer position set the stage for Jim Ross to return to Raw's commentary booth, thus ending the storyline where Ross got fired by Linda McMahon. This freed Styles to become a commentator for the ECW brand when it launched in June.

In Canada, after an 11-year run on TSN, "Raw" moved to rival sports broadcaster The Score after it was announced that TSN would be carrying "Monday Night Football"' for the 2006 season. This also meant that Canadian viewers would be watching via tape-delay, as The Score did not broadcast "Raw" live at first, but in 2007, started airing the show live.

During the September 25, 2006 episode of "Raw" in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the opening of "Raw" suffered a blackout. Spotlights were the only lights running in the house. Power in the presentation was later back. Another similar moment happened back on May 26, 1996 in Florence, South Carolina for WWF , when a major thunderstorm hit the Florence Civic Center causing major chaos for the PPV. That Tuesday, returned to North Charleston, South Carolina to finish out three matches that were not shown because of the lost power feed.

On October 9, 2006, "Raw" held a three hour season start called the "Raw Family Reunion", where the Raw brand had a new logo and theme song, Papa Roach's ""...To Be Loved"". The episode also featured talent from the SmackDown! and ECW brands. Later that month, on October 23 "Raw" aired its 700th episode, making it the longest running weekly entertainment show, without a hiatus, in television history.

On June 25, 2007, "Raw" was scheduled in Corpus Christi, Texas to be a three-hour special memorial show for the (kayfabe) death of the Mr. McMahon character after he had been presumed dead in a limo explosion. The event was canceled due to the real death of Chris Benoit and his family earlier that day, with a three-hour Chris Benoit memorial show being shown instead. This was the first time that "Raw" had been shown with no viewers and had Vince McMahon breaking kayfabe to address the viewers at home. The show had extracts from the DVD , showing some of Benoit's most memorable matches, along with comments from some of Benoit's colleagues. However, when the facts of Benoit's death came to light, WWE pulled this episode from international markets which aired "Raw" on a tape delay basis. Several channels announced the episode was being withheld for legal reasons. A substitute "Raw", hosted by Todd Grisham from WWE Studios, was created featuring recaps of big-time championship changes of the past year. The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the edition of June 26 of "ECW".
John Cena's 380 day championship reign was ended due to injury by Randy Orton on the October 1 episode of Raw. Orton won the title that Sunday at No Mercy.

On December 10, 2007 "Raw" celebrated its 15th anniversary in a three-hour spectacular on the USA Network with the returns of Stone Cold Steve Austin, Rob Van Dam, The Godfather, Steve Blackman, Howard Finkel, Ted DiBiase, Eric Bischoff, Marty Jannetty, Gangrel, Trish Stratus, Lita, Sunny, Hulk Hogan and Mick Foley (as Mankind) among others. Along with several reunions of former tag teams and also included a 15-man "15 Years of Raw" battle royal. The RAW XV: 15th Anniversary DVD was also sold that had the best moments in Raw history.

In April 2008 as part of the United States presidential election, candidates Barack Obama, John McCain and Hillary Rodham Clinton presented special messages on W.W.E. Raw. The show was watched by an estimated 4.97 million viewers, of which there were 1.45 million viewers who were men aged 18 to 34: an important group of voters the candidates were trying to talk to.

In 2009, at No Way Out that February 15, Edge won the World Heavyweight Championship in Raw's Elimination Chamber match, thus making it a SmackDown exclusive title and giving SmackDown two top tier championships. As a result of the 2009 WWE Draft in April, WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to the Raw brand, while the World Heavyweight Championship moved to the Raw brand after Edge lost the title to John Cena at WrestleMania XXV. SmackDown would regain the World Heavyweight Championship at Backlash (2009) when Edge defeated John Cena to win the championship. In addition, SmackDown and Raw would exchange both women-exclusive championships with Raw gaining the WWE Divas Championship and SmackDown gaining the WWE Women's Championship. Also, SmackDown and Raw exchanged the WWE Intercontinental Championship which is now exclusive to SmackDown and the WWE United States Championship which is exclusive to Raw Brand, for the first time ever.

On June 15, 2009, McMahon announced on a special three-hour edition of Raw that he had "sold" the WWE Raw franchise to Donald Trump, who appeared on-screen to confirm it and declared he would be at the following commercial-free episode in person. WWE issued a press release on the scripted sale while the USA Network later issued a statement confirming the "sale" as part of a storyline. The statement was issued in response to multiple news sources having mistakenly reported the event as legitimate. Due to the mistake, on the day following the announcement, WWE's stock on the New York Stock Exchange notably fell. Despite USA Network's acknowledgment that the sale was fictional, Randy Katz, a securities lawyer with Baker & Hostetler, commented on the Fox Business Network that a probe by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against WWE and USA Network owner General Electric "certainly is a possibility. The next week, Vince McMahon repurchased Raw from Donald Trump and announced that a "Guest host" initiative originally introduced by Trump in response to the position of General Manager being vacant would go in effect on June 29. Each weekly guest host is usually either a WWE Hall of Famer, a former or returning talent, or other celebrity. The guest host or hostess assumes the role of a brand General Manager, serving as Raw's authority figure for the day. The following year, it was announced that with Vickie Guerrero (and subsequently Bret Hart) becoming the new full-time GM, the guest hosts (while continuing to appear) would no longer have booking power.

In 2010, TNA IMPACT!, which normally airs on Thursdays, would go head to head with Raw in a three-hour live broadcast. This would be the first time since March 2001 that two major wrestling promotions would go head-to-head in a Monday night ratings competition. TNA promoted the debut of Hulk Hogan leading to the broadcast. WWE countered by announcing the return of Bret Hart, who had not appeared with the company since the Montreal Screwjob in 1997. The ratings showed that, much like the first Monday Night War, Raw came out on top, averaging 5.6 million viewers while iMPACT! averaged 2.2 million viewers.[25]

On March 8, 2010, Impact! permanently moved to Monday nights to compete head-to-head with Raw. After declining ratings, Spike executives announced that starting April 5, Impact! would air an hour earlier than Raw. After scoring its lowest ever rating at 0.5, it was announced May 3 that Impact! would be moving back to its original time on Thursdays starting May 13.[28] Since then on April 19, 2010, many of the WWE Raw superstars were stranded in Belfast due to the ash cloud from Eyjafjallajökull (a volcano in Iceland) hovering over most of Europe and causing many flights to be put on hold. Former ring announcer Lilian Garcia announced that night while the SmackDown roster took part in production of the Raw episode. The following month on May 17, 2010, Raw aired its second overall commercial free episode from the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario.

That summer on August 30, 2010, Raw aired its 900th episode, SmackDown superstars and NXT rookies also appeared on this milestone episode. It featured The Undertaker vs Bret Hart for the first time in almost 14 years. That November, Raw went "Old School" for one night with the old ring and titantron designs. This episode featured WWE Legends Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Mae Young, Million Dollar Man, Ron Simmons, The Iron Sheik and many more. Mark Henry briefly returned to his "Sexual Chocolate" gimmick in honor of Raw going "Old School".

On February 14, 2011, The Rock returned to WWE as he was announced as the host for WrestleMania 27. On the April 6 episode of Raw following WrestleMania 27, Rock and Cena agreed to a match at WrestleMania 28. On June 27, CM Punk was suspended after he cut a shoot promo on Raw mocking Vince McMahon, Hulk Hogan, The Rock and taking stabs at WWE management. At Money in the Bank, CM Punk left WWE with the WWE Championship and Raw held a tournament for a new champion won by John Cena. CM Punk returned. Triple H became COO of WWE and began operating day-to-day operations. At SummerSlam the titles were unified. On the August 29 episode of Raw, Triple H announced that talent from SmackDown could appear on Raw and Raw talent could appear on SmackDown, thus ending the Brand Extension. The Miz and R-Truth were fired and chaos happened at Hell in a Cell and on Raw, resulting in Triple H no longer being able to operate Raw due to the vast majority of the roster walking out. John Laurainitis became GM. CM Punk won the WWE Championship at Survivor Series beginning an epic reign.

On January 2, 2012 Chris Jericho returned to WWE and promised to win the Royal Rumble which he did not. Brock Lesnar and Lord Tensai returned to Raw on the April 2 episode. On July 23, Raw celebrated its 1000th episode. Starting on September 17, Raw along with the rest of WWE programming had a pink rope in the middle of the ring to promote breast cancer until October 29. On the November 19 episode of Raw, CM Punk celebrated 365 days as WWE Champion.

On the January 7, 2013 episode of Raw, The Rock came back again. On January 14, Raw celebrated 20 years. CM Punk's championship reign was ended at Royal Rumble at 434 days. On the March 4 episode of Raw they went "Old School" for the second time. The following episode of Raw was a tribute to the late Paul Bearer, The Undertaker and Kane led the tribute but were twice interrupted by Undertaker's WrestleMania 29 opponent, CM Punk.

As of 2008, "Raw" is shown live on Monday evenings on the USA Network (in the USA), The Score in Canada and on Sky Sports 3 in Great Britain, though it is sometimes taped and placed on a broadcast delay depending on what circumstances dictate. The theme song for the Raw brand is ""Burn It to the Ground"" by Nickelback since November 16, 2009. Before that the theme song was ""...To Be Loved"" by Papa Roach, which used from October 9, 2006 to November 9, 2009.

Since March 10, 1997, broadcasts of "Raw" were split into two hours and given hourly names for television ratings purposes, with the first hour being referred to as "Raw is War" and the second as "War Zone" by the show's on-screen graphics. However, as of October 1, 2001, the first hour has been referred to as "Raw" and the second as "Raw Zone" by the show's on-screen graphics.

On January 7, 2008, WWE said that all 3 brands (RAW, SmackDown!, and ECW) would be broadcast in HD, codenamed "WWE HD" starting with RAW on January 21. WWE invested about $20 million on new recording and broadcasting equipment to prepare for the move, as well as new pyrotechnics and lighting. The move replaced the RAW, SmackDown!, and ECW sets with a new state of the art set shared by all brands.

The show currently starts live on USA Network (and on tape delay Wednesdays on mun2, and Sundays on Telemundo (in Spanish)) in the United States, and in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland on Sky Sports 3. It also currently broadcasts in Canada on Sportsnet 360 and Global Quebec, in Australia on FOX8, in Portugal on SIC Radical,in Italy on Sky Italia in Finland on MTV3 MAX, in Malaysia on Astro Super Sport, in New Zealand on The Box, in Greece on Supersport 3, in India and Pakistan on Ten Sports, in the Philippines on Jack TV and Solar TV, in Chile on Chilevisión, in Mexico on 52MX, in Bulgaria on GTV, in Panama on RPC Canal 4, in Peru on ATV, in Saudi Arabia and Middle east on ART SPORT, in Romania on TV Sport, in Serbia on FOX Televizija, in South Korea on XTM, in Spain on Cuatro TV, in France on NT1 and RTL9, in Brazil on SBT, in Argentina on Canal 9 (Argentina) and on AFN Xtra. "Raw" is also currently being aired on Etv in South Africa. It airs on "Canal VTV" in El Salvador and on "Premiere" in Germany and in Honduras on "Canal 5". Sometimes, "Raw" is started on same-day tape delay when WWE is on an overseas tours.

WWE Raw began with a smaller set, blue ring aprons and the ropes coloured red, white and blue. In 1997, they changed the ropes to a plain red set and the titantron to feature a WWF logo and Raw Is War written everywhere including printed on the ring aprons. In 2002, they updated the logo and the ring now with a WWE.COM logo on the far sides. The ropes were sometimes black when they switched a few times per year. In 2006, they updated the Raw logo again and from October to December had the ropes black and removed the WWE.COM logo to have a Raw logo all around the ring. In December, they brought the red ropes back and in February brought back the WWE.COM logo. In January 2008, they updated the Raw set to a new HD set and the ring aprons were now red and silver instead of black. In April 2010, they changed the ring ropes to an all white scheme. In July 2012, they changed the ring aprons back to black with the new Raw logo and updated the HD set.


WWE A.M. Raw is a Saturday night (Sunday morning) show that is shown on the USA Network at 2 a.m. ET. It has segments from the latest episode of "Raw" with a ticker along the bottom section of the screen that provides information about WWE, including trivia and live event news.

"A.M. Raw" started debuted at its current time of 9 a.m. on Saturday morning. For a short period, however, it was moved to Sunday mornings at 2 a.m., until November 11, 2006. It was returned to its current Saturday morning timeslot while also continuing to air at 2 a.m.. However, it did gather higher ratings in the Sunday morning timeslot than it had with its previous Saturday 9 a.m. timeslot.



Doctor Who companions

The companions or assistants of the Doctor of the "Doctor Who" television series are people who travel with him. 

The Doctor is an alien. He is a Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey. He travels in his spaceship called the TARDIS. It allows him to go anywhere in time and space. "TARDIS" stands for Time And Relative Dimension In Space. The Doctor usually takes other people with him, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The Doctor and his companions travel through space and time, have a lot of adventures, and often save many people.

The character of the companion was there so that the people watching the series could identify and feel close to a character. The companions were often present-time humans. People could relate to them because they knew as much as the viewers. Because of this, the Doctor could explain things to his companions, and at the same time to the viewers. 

Most of the Doctor's companions have been human. Many have been aliens or robots.

Companions are named under the Doctors they travelled with, and sorted by the order in which they appear.

Susan (Carole Ann Ford) was the Doctor's granddaughter. She escaped with him from the planet Gallifrey in a stolen TARDIS. From her grandfather, she has an advanced knowledge of history and science. Her first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Her last appearance was in "The Dalek Invasion of Earth (1964)." In that episode, she meets David Campbell (Peter Fraser), a young freedom fighter in the 22nd century. The Doctor locks her out of the TARDIS and forces her to stay behind with David. It was unknown what happened after that.

Barbara Wright (Jacqueline Hill) is one of the first companions of the Doctor. Barbara is a history teacher at the Coal Hill School, working with science teacher Ian Chesterton. 

Her first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Suspicious of student Susan Foreman's strange knowledge of history and science, Barbara and Ian follow her home to the TARDIS. There they meet the Doctor. With him, they begin to travel through space and time. 

In "The Chase (1965)," after two years of travelling with the Doctor, Barbara and Ian use a Dalek time machine to return to London.

Ian Chesterton (William Russell) is one of the first companions of the Doctor. Ian is a science teacher at the Coal Hill School, working with history teacher Barbara Wright. 

His first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Suspicious of student Susan Foreman's strange knowledge of history and science, Ian and Barbara follow her home to the TARDIS. There they meet the Doctor. With him, they begin to travel through space and time. 

In "The Chase (1965)", after two years of travelling with the Doctor, Barbara and Ian use a Dalek time machine to return to London.

Vicki (Maureen O'Brien) first appeared in "The Rescue (1965)". She was a survivor of a spaceship crash on the planet Dido in the 25th century. She is rescued by the Doctor. She travels with him, Ian, and Barbara. In "The Myth Makers (1965)", Vicki meets an ancient warrior of Troy named Troilus. She decides to stay behind with him. She eventually passes into legend as Cressida. She also makes sure that the Trojan girl Katarina enters the TARDIS in her place. 

Steven Taylor (Peter Purves) first appeared in "The Chase (1965)." The Doctor and his companions, Ian, Barbara, and Vicki find Steven on the planet Mechanus, where he had crash-landed two years before. In "The Savages (1966)", Steven stays behind to accept the responsibility of leading the combined society of Savages and Elders that are attempting a lasting peace.

Katarina (Adrienne Hill) first appears in "The Myth Makers (1965)." She is a handmaiden of the prophetess Cassandra, the princess of ancient Troy. After Vicki stays behind in Troy, Katarina takes her place. During "The Daleks' Master Plan (1965-1966)," Katarina is taken hostage by the escaped prisoner Kirksen. He demands that the Doctor take him to Kembel, a planet taken over by the Daleks. To prevent the Doctor giving in to Kirksen's demands, Katarina triggers the controls to the airlock she is being held in. That sends both her and her captor into the vacuum of space. She is the first companion in the series to die.

Sara Kingdom (Jean Marsh) is a Space Security Agent in "The Daleks' Master Plan (1965-1966)." She joins the Doctor in his fight, briefly travelling in the TARDIS to several different locations in time and space. When the Doctor activates the Time Destructor, a device that accelerates time, Sara cannot be saved. She ages and dies, her remains turning to dust. Sara is sometimes counted as a companion of the First Doctor, but sometimes not.

Dorothea "Dodo" Chaplet (Jackie Lane) first appeared at the end of "The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve (1966)." Dodo wanders into the TARDIS, thinking it was a real police box. In "The War Machines (1966)" Dodo decides to stay in 1966 London.

Polly (Anneke Wills) was a companion of the First and Second Doctor. She and Ben Jackson appeared first in "The War Machines (1966)". She was secretary to Professor Brett, creator of the artificial intelligence known as WOTAN. She travels with the Doctor after he regenerated into the Second Doctor. In "The Faceless Ones (1967)," they return to 1966 London. Polly and Ben decide to remain behind to resume their lives without disruption

Ben Jackson (Michael Craze) was a companion of the First and Second Doctor. He appeared first in "The War Machines" (1966) as an Able Seaman serving in the Royal Navy. In "The Faceless Ones (1967)," they return to 1966 London, and Polly and Ben decide to stay.


James Robert "Jamie" McCrimmon (Frazer Hines) was from 18th century Scotland. He first appears in "The Highlanders (1966-1967)". He meets the Doctor, Ben and Polly after the Battle of Culloden in 1746. At the end of "The War Games (1969)," the Time Lords take Jamie's and Zoe's memories away, and send each of them back to their original time and place.

Victoria Waterfield (Deborah Watling) is from Victorian England in 1866. She is the daughter of scientist Edward Waterfield (played by John Bailey). She first appears in "The Evil of the Daleks (1967)." In "Fury from the Deep (1968)", Victoria leaves the Doctor and Jamie and stays with a family named Harris in the 20th century.

Zoe Heriot (Wendy Padbury) first appears in "The Wheel in Space (1968)." She is on a space station in the 21st century. At the end of "The War Games (1969)", the Time Lords take Zoe's and Jamie's memories away, and send each of them back to their original time and place.

Elizabeth "Liz" Shaw (Caroline John) was a scientist and civilian member of UNIT. She first appeared in "Spearhead from Space". She became a member of UNIT and met the newly regenerated Doctor. In "Inferno (1970)", Liz decided to leave the Doctor and UNIT, and go back to the University of Cambridge.

Jo Grant (Katy Manning) first appears in "Terror of the Autons" (1971) as a replacement assistant for the Doctor. In "The Green Death (1973)", Jo falls in love with the scientist Professor Clifford Jones. She decides to marry Jones, and goes with him to the Amazon Rainforest.

Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen) was a companion of the third and fourth Doctors (Jon Pertwee and Tom Baker). Sarah Jane was known for feminism and strong affection with the Doctor. He called her his best friend. She is the most popular of the companions from the old series. She has appeared in the new series twice. She also has her own spinoff series.


Harry Sullivan (Ian Marter) was a companion of the Fourth Doctor (Tom Baker). Harry was known for being UNIT's Medical Doctor. He travelled with Sarah Jane Smith as well.

Leela (Louise Jameson) first appeared in "The Face of Evil (1977)." She was a warrior of the savage Sevateem tribe. The Sevateem tribe were the descendants of the crew of an Earth ship that crash landed on an unnamed planet in the far future. In "The Invasion of Time (1978)," Leela falls in love with Andred, a Gallifreyan. Leela chooses to stay with Andred on the Doctor's home planet Gallifrey. K-9 Mark I stays with her.

K9 (voiced by John Leeson) was a robot dog. There have been several models, K9 Mark I through Mark IV. 
The original K9 Mark I was given to the Doctor, but later stayed with the Doctor's companion Leela on Gallifrey. K9 Mark II stayed with Romana in E-Space. K9 Mark III and Mark IV were presents of the Doctor to Sarah Jane Smith.

Romanadvoratrelundar is another Time Lady from Gallifrey, changing her appearance when she regenerates into Romana II.

Adric (Matthew Waterhouse) was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctor. He was from the planet Alzarius in the parallel universe E-Space. He came with the Doctor to our universe. Adric dies in "Earthshock (1982)", when the spaceship he is on crashes into prehistoric Earth.


Vislor Turlough (Mark Strickson) was an alien from the planet Trion. After a civil war he had been exiled to Earth, to the Brendon Public School. In "Mawdryn Undead" "(1983)", he met the Doctor and joined him. In "Planet of Fire (1984)," Turlough left and returned to his home planet Trion.

Kamelion (voiced by Gerald Flood) was a shape-changing android and a companion of the Fifth Doctor. He first appears in "The King's Demons", where he is controlled by the Master. The Doctor frees him and takes Kamelion with him. In "Planet of Fire (1984)", Kamelion is destroyed.

Perpugilliam "Peri" Brown (Nicola Bryant) was a companion of the Fifth and Sixth Doctor. She first appears in "Planet of Fire (1984)". After that, she travels with the Doctor. After the Doctor regenerates, Peri stays and travels with the Sixth Doctor.


Melanie "Mel" Bush (Bonnie Langford) was a companion of the Sixth and Seventh Doctor. She was a computer programmer from 20th century England. Mel leaves the Doctor at the end of "Dragonfire (1987)," to stay on Iceworld with Sabalom Glitz.


Dorothy "Ace" McShane, (Sophie Aldred) first appears in "Dragonfire (1987)," on the planet Iceworld, although Ace was from 20th century Earth. At the end of this story, Melanie Bush leaves the Doctor. He invites Ace to come with him. Ace stays the Doctor's companion until the first end of the series in 1989.

Dr. Grace Holloway (Daphne Ashbrook) was the Doctor's companion in the 1996 television movie "Doctor Who". Grace is a cardiologist from 1999 San Francisco. She accidentally kills the Seventh Doctor during an operation. Grace helps the Eighth Doctor fight the Master. In the end of the movie, the Eighth Doctor invites Grace to travel with him, but she says that she will stay on Earth.

Lucie Miller was the Doctor's companion in The Eighth Doctor Adventures range from Big Finish, and is among the named companions in The Night of the Doctor special episode featuring the Eighth's regeneration.

Charlotte Pollard was the Doctor's first companion in the audio series by Big Finish. She was a girl from 1900s Britain, she ran away to fly around the world, boarding the ship the R101. The Doctor saved her from the crash and she became his companion.

Adam Mitchell (Bruno Langley) was the Doctor's companion for only two episodes. In 2012, he was a young English researcher. He worked for the American billionaire Henry van Statten. In the episode "Dalek” (2005), he was at van Statten's base, and at the end he went with the Doctor in the TARDIS. In "The Long Game" (2005), he is travelling with the Doctor and Rose, but Adam behaves badly. At the end of the episode, the Doctor takes Adam home.


Mickey Smith (Noel Clarke) was Rose Tyler's boyfriend. He helped Rose and the Ninth Doctor several times. Later he travelled with the Tenth Doctor and Rose. At the end of "The Age of Steel" (2006), Mickey decided to stay in the parallel world to help fight the Cybermen. In "Journey's End" (2008), Mickey returned to this world, and at the end decided to stay here again.

Astrid Peth (Kylie Minogue) was the Doctor's companion during the 2007 Christmas special "Voyage of the Damned". She is from the planet Sto. Astrid is a waitress on the starship "Titanic". Astrid helps the Doctor. She is killed while she saves him. After saving the "Titanic", the Doctor realises that Astrid was still wearing a teleporter bracelet when she died. He tries to bring her back to life, but it does not work fully: Astrid now is a ghost-like energy being. In the end, the Doctor sends Astrid away to fly through the universe.

Wilfred Mott (Bernard Cribbins) was the grandfather of Donna Noble. He first appeared in the 2007 Christmas special "Voyage of the Damned". He made his final appearance in the 2023 episode "Wild Blue Yonder”.

Rory is often also called Rory Pond by the Doctor. Rory does not like the name. He thinks since he and Amy Pond got married, they should be Mr. and Mrs Williams. The Doctor prefers Mr. and Mrs. Pond. Rory is also known as the Last Centurion. He departed along with Amy in "The Angels Take Manhattan (2012)," when they were sent back in time to a time where the Doctor could not retrieve them.

 played by Alex Kingston
Daughter of Amy Pond & known as "The Child of the. T.A.R.D.I.S"

Craig Owens (James Corden) was a man whose apartment the Doctor stayed in during "The Lodger" (2010). He returned in "Closing Time" (2011) to help the Doctor fight some cybermen hiding underneath a department store.

John Riddell was an English game hunter. The Doctor picked him up in "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). He took him to a Silurian Ark ship to help stop it crashing into earth. He left after the episode and may not be considered a 'proper' companion.

Queen Nefertiti (called 'Neffie' by the Doctor) helped the Doctor with a Silurian Ark ship that was going to crash into earth in "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). After she left and went to Africa with big game hunter John Riddell.

Brian Williams (Mark Williams) Rory Williams father. The Doctor accidentally brought him along during "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). He helped fly the Silurian Ark to safety with his son Rory. He returns in "The Power Of Three" (2012)

 Clara Oswald was a companion of the Eleventh and Twelfth Doctors. Clara was called "the impossible girl".

The Paternoster Gang is a group that includes Silurian Madame Vastra (Neve McIntosh), her wife Jenny Flint (Catrin Stewart), and Sontaran commander Strax (Dan Starkey).


Graham O'Brien () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is a retired bus driver.

Ryan Sinclair () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is also Graham's step-grandson and went to school with Yasmin Khan. Ryan has dyspraxia.

Yasmin Khan () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. She is a junior police officer with the Hallamshire Police.

Dan Lewis (John Bishop) is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is a volunteer at Jenning Street Food Bank.

Ruby Sunday (Millie Gibson) is the companion to Ncuti Gatwa's Fifteenth Doctor.


Moomba

The Moomba Waterfest is a yearly festival in Melbourne, Australia. It takes place over the Labor Day weekend.

Ludwig Wittgenstein

Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein ( in German) (April 26, 1889 – April 29, 1951) was an Austrian philosopher. He worked mainly in the basics of logic, the philosophy of mathematics, the philosophy of mind, and the philosophy of language. He is regarded as one of the most important philosophers of the twentieth century.

Before his death at the age of 62, the only book Wittgenstein had published was the "Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus". His second book "Philosophical Investigations" was published shortly after he died. Both of these works are regarded as very important for analytic philosophy.

Ludwig Wittgenstein was born in Vienna on 26 April 1889, to Karl and Leopoldine Wittgenstein. He was the youngest of eight children and was born into one of the most prominent and wealthy families in the Austro-Hungarian empire. His father's parents, Hermann Christian and Fanny Wittgenstein, were born into Jewish families but later converted to Protestantism, and after they moved from Saxony to Vienna in the 1850s, were part of the Viennese Protestant professional classes. Ludwig's father became an industrialist and went on to make a fortune in iron and steel. Ludwig's mother Leopoldine, born Kalmus, was an aunt of the Nobel Prize laureate Friedrich von Hayek. Despite Karl's Protestantism, and the fact that Leopoldine's father was Jewish, the Wittgenstein children were baptized as Roman Catholics — the faith of their maternal grandmother — and Ludwig was given a Roman Catholic burial upon his death. Wittgenstein was homosexual.

He began studying mechanical engineering. During his research he became interested in the foundations of mathematics, particularly after reading Bertrand Russell's "Principles of Mathematics" and Gottlob Frege's "Grundgesetze". In 1911 Wittgenstein visited Frege and Russell and discussed philosophy with them at great length. He made a great impression on Russell and started to work on the foundations of logic and mathematical logic. Russell saw Wittgenstein as a successor who would carry on his work.

During the First World War, Wittgenstein served in the army and developed his logic. He included ethical aspects. In the summer of 1918 he learned that his friend David Pinsent had been killed in an airplane accident. Wittgenstein became depressed and thought of suicide. He went to stay with his uncle Paul where he was able to complete the "Tractatus". No publisher accepted it, but Russell realised it was a philosophically important work and wrote an introduction. Wittgenstein did not like it because he thought that Russell had not understood the book. Wilhelm Ostwald's journal "Annalen der Naturphilosophie" printed a German edition in 1921, and Routledge's Kegan Paul printed a bilingual edition with Russell's introduction in 1922.

Since Wittgenstein thought that the "Tractatus" had solved all the problems of philosophy, he left philosophy and returned to Austria to train as a primary school teacher. Wittgenstein had unrealistic expectations of the rural children he taught, and had little patience with those children who had no gift for mathematics. But he had good results with children that were interested, especially boys. His severe disciplinary methods led to disagreement with some of his students' parents, and eventually he resigned his position and returned to Vienna, feeling that he had failed as a school teacher.

After abandoning his work as a school teacher, Wittgenstein worked as a gardener's assistant in a monastery near Vienna and then he worked with the architect, Paul Engelmann. This intellectual work did much to restore Wittgenstein's spirits. Between 1925 and 1928, he joined his sister Margaret in Vienna, where she was having a house built. Wittgenstein and the architect Paul Engelmann built it together, and though they never lived in it, 'Haus Wittgenstein' is still standing in Vienna today. Toward the end of this work, Wittgenstein was contacted by Moritz Schlick, one of the leading figures of the newly formed Vienna Circle. This contact stimulated Wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy.

In 1929 he decided to return to Cambridge. He was met at the railway station by a crowd of England's greatest intellectuals. He found out to his horror that he was one of the most famous philosophers in the world now. In 1939 Wittgenstein was appointed to the chair in Philosophy at Cambridge.

During World War II he left Cambridge and volunteered as a hospital porter in Guy's Hospital in London and as a laboratory assistant in Newcastle upon Tyne's Royal Victoria Infirmary.

Wittgenstein resigned his position at Cambridge in 1947 to concentrate on his writing. When in 1949, he found out that he had prostate cancer, he had written most of the material that would be published after his death as "Philosophische Untersuchungen" ("Philosophical Investigations"), which might be his most important work. He died of prostate cancer in Cambridge.




Wittgenstein (disambiguation)

Wittgenstein may refer to:





John C. Breckinridge

John Cabell Breckinridge (January 16, 1821 – May 17, 1875) was a lawyer, U.S. representative, U.S. senator from Kentucky and the 14th vice president of the United States. He was from Kentucky. He served in the House from 1851 to 1855. He served as Vice-President from 1857 to 1861, under President James Buchanan. Breckinridge was the youngest vice president in U.S. history.

Breckinridge was also a Southern Democratic candidate for President in 1860. In the election of 1860, the Democratic Party split, with Southerners voting for Breckinridge and Northerners voting for Stephen Douglas. He carried most of the Southern states, but lost to Abraham Lincoln.

When the South seceded, Breckinridge was briefly a U.S. Senator from Kentucky, but was kicked out of the Senate. After that, he became active in the Confederacy. During the American Civil War, he was a general in the Confederate States Army. He fought in Tennessee and the Shenandoah Valley. He was the Confederate commander at the Battle of New Market. Breckinridge was the last Confederate Secretary of War. After the war, Breckinridge left the country for four years. He returned to Kentucky in 1869 and died in 1875.

Michael Dante DiMartino

Michael Dante DiMartino (born July 18, 1974) is an American animation director. He is best known as the co-creator, executive producer, and story editor of the TV series "" on Nickelodeon.


Barbara Meier

Barbara Meier (born 25 July 1986 in Amberg, Germany) is a model. She is the winner of the second cycle (season) of "Germany's Next Topmodel" (GNTM), presented by Heidi Klum.

Meier was born in Amberg. Before "GNTM" she studied mathematics.

While shopping at a mall, she was invited by a model scout to a casting for "GNTM". Out of 16,421 girls in the casting, she was chosen among 14 other girls to be on the TV show.
During the show she won a role alongside Heidi Klum in a TV commercial for McDonald's. 

In the last episode (the finale), she won the show and became "Germany's Next Topmodel".

After "Germany's Next Topmodel" Meier was in many magazines around the world such as "Vogue" (Taiwan), "Madame Figaro" (Russia) and "L'Officiel" (France) and worked for many brands such as "Pantene".


Bryan Konietzko

Bryan Konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the animated series "". He has also worked as a character designer for the animated series "Family Guy". He was a storyboard artist and art director for the Nickelodeon animated series "Invader Zim".


Hannibal Hamlin

Hannibal Hamlin (August 27, 1809 – July 4, 1891) was a politician from Maine. Hamlin served as a lawmaker in Maine, governor of Maine, in the U.S. House of Representatives, and in the U.S. Senate. He began his career as a Democrat but later became a Republican. He was the first Republican to serve as Vice President of the United States, elected as Abraham Lincoln's vice president in the 1860 presidential election.

Hamlin was born in Paris, Maine. He was a descendant of James Hamlin who had lived in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1639. He attended the area's schools, and later managed his father's farm. For the next few years he worked at several jobs. He studied law. He lived in Hampden, where he practiced law until 1848, when he moved away.

Hamlin studied law. He was admitted to the legal profession in 1833, and quickly became known as a good lawyer and a good speaker. In politics, he began as an against slavery Democrat. He was a member of the state House of Representatives from 1836-1840, in charge of the House during the last four years. He was a representative in Congress from 1843 to 1847, and a Senator of the United States Senate from 1848 to 1856. From the very beginning of his service in Congress he was a well-known opponent of the extension of slavery; a notable supporter of the Wilmot Proviso, an opponent of the Missouri Compromise, and in 1856, he left the Democrats and joined the new Republican party. 

The Republicans in Maine supported him for governor in the same year, and he won a landslide victory. He was inaugurated as governor on the 8th of January 1857. In late February, however, he gave up the governorship, and was in the Senate from 1857 to 1861. From 1861 to 1865, during the Civil War, he was Vice-President of the United States. While in this office he gave a large amount of advice to then President Lincoln, and supported both the Emancipation Proclamation and the arming of the slaves. After the war he served in the Senate (1869-1881), was minister to Spain (1881-1883), and then left public life. He died at Bangor, Maine, on the 4th of July 1891.

Busan subway

The Busan Metro () is a subway system in Busan, South Korea. Busan is one of four cities in South Korea with a subway system; the others are Seoul, Daegu and Incheon. Subway systems are also being built in Gwangju and Daejeon. Planning for the Busan Subway began in 1979 and building started in 1981. The first stage, a line with 17 stations between Nopo-dong and Beomnaegol opened on the 19 July 1985. There are now 102 stations, four lines, and of tracks.

The system is operated by Busan Transportation Corporation. It was first launched in 1985 when Line 1 (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Beomnaegol(범내골)) was opened. Now there are 6 lines with 114 stations, 116.5 kilometers of tracks. Busan Transportation Corporation publishes a name of 'Humetro' as a brand identity.

Line 1 (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Beomnaegol(범내골)) was first opened in 1985. In 1994, the whole section (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Sinpyeong(신평)) was launched. Line 1 is the South-North route. And it passes right through the heart of the city. It was 32.5 km long with 34 stations in 1994 when the line was later extended to 40.5 km with 40 stations, which the extension was opened on April 20, 2017. The subway used in Line 1 is middle-sized subway. It was made of stainless domestically for the first time when being constructed. It is a 8-cars train. Many cutting edge technologies (including NATM, TBM construction methods) were used to construct line 1.

Line 2 (Hopo(호포)~Seo-myeon(서면)) first began operation in 1999, and the entire route (Jangsan(장산)~Hopo(호포)) was completed in 2002. Line 2 was built to solve chronic heavy traffic from east to west of the city. In 2008, the extension route (Hopo(호포)~Yangsan(양산)) was launched for developing transportation system between Busan and Yangsan city. The whole line 2 is 45.2 km in length, 43 stations. It is middle-sized subway and a 6-cars train. Shield construction method was used to build line 2. It was the first time to use this method when constructing the subway line in the country. This method was needed to build the line across Suyeong River.

Line 3 (Suyeong(수영)~Daejeo(대저)) started its service in 2005. It is aimed at reducing traffic in Mandeok(만덕), Minam(미남) and Yeonsan-dong(연산동). Line 3 also connects relatively isolated Gangseo(강서) area with the center of the city. It is expected to help to improve the quality of life in Gangseo(강서) region. Line 3 is 18.1 km long with 17 stations. It is middle-sized subway and uses a 4-cars train. Line 3 subway is a Korean standard type train. All equipment is localized, and a train itself is 20% lighter than line 1 subway.

Line 4 has been constructed since 2003. It opened on March 30, 2011. It connects from Minam(미남) to Anpyeong(안평) with 12 stations. The line’s length is 12.7 km. It is expected to promote development of Geumsa(금사), Bansong(반송) and Gijang(기장) regions. It is light rail which consumes only 80% money in construction and management compared to existing heavy rail.

This line is operated by Busan-Gimhae Light Rail Transit Corporation which (from Sasang(사상) to Gaya University) links to the western area of Busan to adjoining city of Gimhae. It has 21 stations and 23.9 km of track. It was completed and opened on September 9, 2011.

The number of passengers using Busan subway is about 263,574,000 a year (2009. It means that average 722,000 people use Busan subway everyday. Among them, 401,000 people use line 1, 250,000 people line 2, and 71,000 people line 3.



Tsing Hua University

Tsing Hua University or THU is a university in Beijing, People's Republic of China. It is regarded as one of the best and most selective universities in China. It was established in 1911 as a school for Chinese graduates wanting to go further with their studies at universities in other countries, especially the United States and the UK.

Tsing Hua University was opened in Beijing, China in 1911 on the site of a former royal garden belonging to a prince. It was first a "preparatory school", a school for preparation, for students to be later sent by the government to study in America. The people who graduated were transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation.

In 1925, the school established its College Department and started its research institute on Chinese Study. In 1928, the name officially changed to National Tsing Hua University.

During the Second World War in 1937, Tsing Hua University, along with Peking University and Nankai University, merged to form Chang Sha Temporary University in Chang Sha, which later became National Southwestern Associated University in Kunming of Yunnan province. After the war, Tsing Hua moved back to Beijing.

The communist victory at the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 led to the creation of the People's Republic of China, so the university's President Mei Yi Qi and some professors went to Taiwan where they established the National Tsing Hua Institute of Nuclear Technology in 1955, which later became National Tsing Hua University.
In 1952, the communist government regrouped the country's higher education institutions in an attempt to build a Soviet style system, with individual institutions specialising in a certain field of study. TsingHua University was disassembled, losing its law school, school of agriculture, school of sciences and humanities, and became a polytechnic engineering university. Even so, the University remained in the top tier schools in China (Many Chinese scholars say that its only rival is Peking University). Following this regroup, the school was often referred to as the "MIT of China" . From the 1980s, the university began to incorporate a multidisciplinary system. As a result, a lot of schools were built and rebuilt. These included the School of Science, School of Economics and Management, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Law, School of Public Administration, and the School of Art. Only two colleges charge tuition to its graduate students; the law school and the Academy of Arts and Design.

During the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976, the university became a battlefield between different sects of Mao's Red Guards and a stronghold of the radicals. It did not resume its normal operation until 1977 when the Cultural Revolution was officially put to an end.

Since 1977, the university has enjoyed rich government funding and policy support which greatly improved its facilities. Its graduate school has been recognized nationally, ranking first in the National Evaluation of Graduate Schools. The School of Continuing Education uses modern information technologies, as well as the advanced educational resources at Tsing Hua.

Most Chinese university rankings place TsingHua first in China. It attracts the most talented students of the nation and enjoys the best engineering and applied sciences programs in China, occupying a position similar to MIT, Stanford, and Princeton in the US. Peking Union Medical College of Tsinghua University is regarded as the best medical school in the country. Tsinghua's longtime rival Peking University is better known for natural sciences, social sciences, law, and liberal arts.

Admission to Tsinghua is highly competitive. The majority of selected students are national scholars and among the brightest high school graduates in the country. Many of China's top scientists, engineers, politicians and business leaders are among Tsinghua alumni. The former Chinese leader (2002-2012), Hu Jintao, is a former Tsinghua student who graduated with a degree in hydraulic engineering in 1964. The current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (since 2012), Xi Jinping, is a former Tsinghua student who graduated with a degree in chemical engineering in 1979.

In 2003, Tsinghua University had 12 colleges and 48 departments, 41 research institutes, 35 research centers, and 167 laboratories, including 15 national key laboratories. In September 2006, Peking Union Medical College was renamed to Peking Union Medical College, Tsinghua University . The university offers 51 bachelor's degree programs, 139 master's degree programs and 107 Ph.D. programs. Recently, Tsinghua has become the first Chinese university to offer a Master of Laws program in American law, through a cooperative venture with the Temple University Beasley School of Law. The university is a member of LAOTSE, an international network of leading universities in Europe and Asia. Each year, the University celebrates the Intellectual Property Summer Institute in cooperation with Franklin Pierce Law Center of Concord, New Hampshire.

On April 12, 2007, Tsinghua University's School of Economics and Management became the first business school in the Chinese mainland to earn AACSB accreditation. Former Premier Zhu Rongji was the founding dean of the school.

The University's Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology is on a separate campus in a northern suburb of Beijing.

Tsinghua is where former United States Vice President Al Gore lectured at in his documentary, An Inconvenient Truth. Viewers can see the university lecture hall, with its well-known purple seats.

The campus of Tsinghua University is in northwest Beijing, in the Haidian district which was designated for universities.

It is located on the former site of Qing Dynasty royal gardens and retains some Chinese-style landscaping as well as some traditional buildings, but many of its buildings are Western-style reflecting the American influence in its history. It is known throughout China for having one of the most beautiful campuses.

The university's architect T. Chuang, a 1914 graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, modeled his designs for the quadrangle and auditorium of Tsinghua on the Illinois campus, specifically imitating Foellinger Auditorium, located on the quad at the University of Illinois.

Tsinghua's early school anthem was composed by an American instructor Miss Katherine E. Seelye. In 1923, another version with lyrics in Chinese (by Prof. Wang Luan Xiang, a Chinese language professor of Tsinghua) was composed by Mrs. Zhang Hui Zhen and was well received by the students and faculty. The song was then adopted as the school's official Alma Mater.

The last Sunday of April is Tsinghua's anniversary and Homecoming ("Xiao-Qing") Day.

Redbud and Lilac

Purple and White

The school cheer goes: Ri-ri-ri, Rah-rah-rah! Tsinghua, Tsinghua, Tsinghua ! Rah-rah-rah!

Tsinghua University has signed agreements with ACCA (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants), the renowned international accountancy body that offers Chartered Certified Accountant qualification worldwide, to train the new generation of professional accountants in China. Under the agreement, Tsinghua will develop the programme that under ACCA's syllabus for enabling China's young accounting students to join the ACCA professional exam scheme at a higher level. Tsinghua will also recognise the Oxford Brookes University BSc Applied Accounting degree, which has been successfully developed in conjunction with ACCA and which enables students who have completed two parts of the ACCA qualification to apply for the Oxford Brookes degree.



THU

Thu is most often an abbreviation for Thursday.

It can also mean"


Yui

Yui or YUI can mean:

Yui Horie

Yui Horie (, Horie Yui, born on 20 September 1976) is a Japanese singer and voice actress. Her real name is Yoshiko (堀江 由子 Horie Yoshiko), and she is sometimes nicknamed "Ho'chan ほっちゃん Hocchan)" by her Japanese fans. She hosted aradio show called Yui's Angel Eggs (or 堀江由衣の天使のたまご Horie Yui No Tenshi No Tamago in Japanese) which airs every Monday morning at 0.30 am (local Tokyo time). She is the founding member of the band Aice5. She is also a member of the band Kurobara Hozonkai under the nickname YUI-EL. Her blood type is B and her hobbies include shoulder massage, reading and food.

Horie was born in Tokyo, Japan. As a child, she was a huge fan of the animated series "Dirty Pair" and stated that the series was her first inspiration to become a voice artist. She debuted in 1997 in a video game Voice Fantasia and for several years had minor roles in various animations. She landed her first leading role as Haruka in Kurogane Communication. The turning point in her career was not till the year 2000, when she won the role of Naru in "Love Hina" and the role of Honda Touru in "Fruits Basket". She released her first music album titled Mizutamari ni Utsuru Sekai in 2000. She formed a band called Yamato Nadeshiko with Yukari Tamura in 2001. They released two singles, "もうひとりの私" and "Merry Merrily". "Merry Merrily" was an insert song in the Love Hina Christmas Special. In October 2005, she founded Aice5, a J-pop supergroup made up of 4 other voice actors, to help launch their careers. Aice5 officially ended on 20 September 2007. She has collaborated with a few other artists, such as UNSCANDAL in 2005 and 黒薔薇保存会 in 2007. She was employed by Arts Vision until mid 2007 due to a scandal within the agency's top management. She left to become a freelance actress with no links to any talent management firm.















Bathymetry

Bathymetry is the study of the underwater terrain of lakes or ocean floors. It is the same as topography, except that it looks at the underwater topography. It is a field of oceanography. The name comes from Greek ("bathus"), meaning "deep", and ("metron"), meaning "measure". Bathymetric (or hydrographic) charts are often made to support the safety of underwater navigation and exploration. Most of these underwater topographic maps use contour lines (called "depth contours" or "isobaths") to show the terrain of the sea floor, and how deep it is. They usually also give surface navigational information.

Originally, bathymetry involved the measurement of ocean depth through sounding. Early techniques used heavy rope or cable lowered over a ship's side. This method measures the depth of the water at a single location each time. It was not a very accurate method. The data used to make bathymetric maps today usually comes from an echosounder (sonar). This device is attached to the bottom or the side of a boat.


Cave painting

Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings. Usually these paintings were made in prehistoric times.

It is not known why these paintings were made. They may have been used in rituals. Some were surely giving information. Many paintings in caves are difficult to get at. 

Today, there are about 350 caves known which have paintings in them. Many are in France and Spain. The best known are probably the caves of Altamira (in Spain), Lascaux (in France), or Creswell Crags in England. Sometimes, paintings were also done on cliff faces. Fewer of those have survived though, because of erosion. One such example are the rock paintings of Astuvansalmi (in Finland).

Most often, animals or hunting scenes were painted. Sometimes hands are there too. Rarely, there are also more abstract patterns.

The paintings were drawn with red and yellow ochre, hematite, manganese oxide and charcoal. Sometimes the silhouette of the animal was put into the rock first.

André Leroi-Gourhan (19111986) classified the paintings into different styles:
There are different theories about why people created cave paintings. These are the most common explanations:

In general, the date of these artefacts are not known with any accuracy. Our own dating system was invented long after the artefacts.

A painting on the wall of an Indonesian cave has is about 44,000 years old. It shows a buffalo being hunted. Last year another painting was found in Borneo.


Radiocarbon dating

Radiocarbon dating, also known as the C14 dating method, is a way of telling how old an object is. It is a type of radiometric dating. 

The method uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14. Most organic matter contains carbon. Carbon has different isotopes, which are usually not radioactive. C is the radioactive one, its half-life (time it takes to reduce its radioactivity by half) is about 5,730 years. This makes it possible to tell the age of substances that contain carbon. The method works to about 60,000 years old. Dates obtained are usually written as "before present" ('present' is 1950). 

Plants take up atmospheric carbon dioxide by photosynthesis, and are eaten by animals, so every living thing is constantly exchanging carbon-14 with its environment as long as it lives. Once it dies, however, this exchange stops.

In 1958 Hessel de Vries showed that the concentration of carbon-14 in the atmosphere varies with time and locality. The relatively short-lived C is constantly renewed by cosmic ray bombardment on atmospheric nitrogen. Since the bombardment is slightly variable, and for other reasons, the C taken into organic matter is also slightly variable. That leads to errors in the chronology. However, under about 20,000 years the results can be compared with dendrochronology, based on tree rings. For the most accurate work, variations are compensated by means of calibration curves. 

The method was developed by Willard Libby and his colleagues at the University of Chicago in 1949. In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work. He first demonstrated the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by accurately estimating the age of wood from an ancient Egyptian royal barge of which the age was known from historical documents.


Passage tomb

A passage tomb or passage grave is a tomb which can be reached through a (usually low) passage. Most of these tombs were constructed during prehistoric times. Most often, large stones, called Megaliths were used to construct them. These kinds of tombs can be found in large numbers in Ireland and Scotland.

Hallstatt culture

The Hallstatt culture is named after Hallstatt, a city in Austria in which the first artifacts were found. It lasted from about 1200 BC to about 275 BC. 

There were different periods that are now told apart mainly by the kinds of brooches used. The brooches changed rather rapidly and permit a good estimate. Hallstatt culture sites have been found in the east of France, in Switzerland, in the south of Germany, in Austria, in Slovenia and Croatia, northwestern Hungary, southwestern Slovakia and southern Moravia.

In this time, the social structure developed into a hierarchy. That can be documented by various things that were added to graves, such as at Magdalenenberg. In the Bronze Age, people lived in big settlements. As iron became available, trade routes changed. A new upper class could establish itself. Unlike before, the upper class liked to live in big houses in the countryside to show their power.

Funerary cults also changed, from cremation burials, to burials with sarcophagi. The new upper class used its wealth for import goods, mostly from the Mediterranean. People started settling there around the 2nd millennium BC.

Hallstatt culture: the real thing. 

La Tène culture

The La Tène culture existed from about 500 BC to about 100 AD. Named after a town in Switzerland near Neuchâtel, it was greatly influenced by the Roman and the Greek cultures. There are two sources for this:

The Celts basically lived in clans, which were led by leaders, the druids and the bards. Women were much better off than under the Romans and were of a similar status to men. There were both polygyny (a man could have several women) and polyandry (a woman could have several men).

Ringfort

A ringfort, ring fort or ring fortress is a fortified settlement. Ring forts were made to protect villages, mostly in the Middle Ages. In Ireland where many such forts can be found, they are also known as ráth, caiseal, cathair and dún in the early Irish sources.

A "ráth" (anglicised rath), was made of earth, "caiseal" (northwestern Ireland, anglicised cashel) and "cathair" (southwestern Ireland) were built of stone. A "dun" is a more prestigious site, the seat of some kind of ruler, the term is applied to promontory forts as well.

Capitol

Capitol can mean:



Beowulf

Beowulf is an Old English heroic epic poem. It is not known who wrote it, and there is no agreement as to when it was written. Estimates for the date range from AD 608 right through to AD 1000, and there is no consensus. The poem has only one manuscript source, written about 1010. "Beowulf" is 3182 lines long. Tolkien describes and illustrates many of the features of Old English poetry in his 1940 essay "On translating Beowulf".

The protagonist of the poem is Beowulf. In the poem, Beowulf fights three monsters: Grendel and Grendel's mother, and later in his life an unnamed dragon.
Hrothgar, a Danish king, has built a big mead hall, which is called Heorot. Hrothgar and his people live a good life and celebrate in Heorot. But then they are attacked by Grendel, who comes to Heorot every night and kills some of Hrothgar's people.

Beowulf is a warrior from Geatland (modern southern Sweden). He hears of Hrothgar's troubles with Grendel. Beowulf and his men leave Geatland to help King Hrothgar.

Beowulf and his men stay the night in Heorot. When Grendel comes to kill them, Beowulf fights him. Beowulf tears Grendel's arm off from his body and sticks it on the wall as a trophy. Grendel runs to his home in the marshes, where he dies. Everyone is happy that Grendel is killed and celebrates. 
But the next night, Grendel's mother comes to Heorot and kills many people for revenge and grabs Grendel's arm. Beowulf then goes to the marshes where Grendel and his mother lived. Beowulf fights Grendel's mother and kills her.

Beowulf later becomes a king. He fights a dragon that was living in a barrow. With the help of the young man Wiglaf, Beowulf kills the dragon. Beowulf is wounded in the final battle and dies and crowns Wiglaf as his successor. 

The story of "Beowulf" has often been told in books, plays, and films. Sometimes the full story is told, sometimes just parts of the story. Sometimes the plot is altered. Sometimes only ideas or themes are taken from the story. 
Some examples are:

Romana (Doctor Who)

Romana, short for Romanadvoratrelundar, is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She is a Time Lady from the planet Gallifrey, and she was a companion of the Fourth Doctor. Because she was a Time Lord, Romana was able to regenerate, having two on-screen incarnations with somewhat different personalities (called Romana I and Romana II by fans). Romana I was played by Mary Tamm from 1978 to 1979. When she became pregnant and chose not to return for another series, the part was recast. Romana II was played by Lalla Ward from 1979 to 1981.

The White Guardian assigns Romana to help the Doctor during his quest for the Key to Time. Romana first appears in "The Ribos Operation", and was intended as a contrast to her predecessor, the savage Leela. Romana is initially haughty and somewhat arrogant, looking down on the Doctor (whom she considers to be her academic inferior; she obtained a triple first at the academy, while the Doctor passed with only 51 %, on his second attempt) and responding to his initial resentment at her presence with icy put-downs. However, she soon gains an appreciation for the Doctor's experience and sense of adventure, and begins to respect him as a teacher.

The introduction of Romana's second incarnation in "Destiny of the Daleks", a script credited to Terry Nation, but with several changes by script editor Douglas Adams, treats the concept of regeneration humorously. At the beginning of the serial, Romana changes bodily forms several times, like she was trying on different clothes, before deciding to take the form of Princess Astra, who had been played by Lalla Ward in the final serial of Season 16, "The Armageddon Factor".

Romana II enjoys a more intimate relationship with the Doctor than her first incarnation. Some fans have assumed that she had a romantic relationship with the Doctor although a relationship was never shown or intended by the writers. In many ways, she is the companion most like the Doctor - besides being of the same race and close to the same intelligence, she occasionally mimics his sense of style, wields her own sonic screwdriver and can occasionally get the better of him in moments of banter and more practical situations. As her practical experience develops, she also becomes more assured and capable in the situations she finds herself in.

Her final television appearance was in "Warriors' Gate", where, along with the robot dog K-9, she leaves to forge her own path in the parallel universe of E-space. She also appears briefly in the 20th Anniversary special "The Five Doctors" through the reuse of footage from the uncompleted story "Shada" because Tom Baker refused to come back.

After the departure of both Romana I and II, both versions of the character also appeared very briefly in flashback sequences during the Fourth Doctor's regeneration in "Logopolis" as well as the Fifth Doctor's mind-copy in "Resurrection of the Daleks".

She would also be mentioned in "Castrovalva" during the Fifth Doctor's post-regenerative confusion, as well as "Arc of Infinity", where the Fifth Doctor, in response to a reprimand from the High Council of Time Lords for "leaving her behind", retorts that she "chose to remain in E-Space".

In the new series the doctor says that all of the Time Lords apart from him were killed in the time war. Whether Romana was killed with the others, or is still alive in E-Space or elsewhere, has not been specifically established on screen.

An article by Russell T Davies in the "Doctor Who Annual 2006" states that Romana was President of the Time Lords during the Time War against the Daleks (see below), which ended with Gallifrey being destroyed. 

In the licensed Virgin New Adventures novel "Blood Harvest" by Terrance Dicks, Romana II leaves E-Space and returns to Gallifrey with the help of the Seventh Doctor. In "Goth Opera" by Paul Cornell, from the complementary Missing Adventures series, she is given a seat on the High Council of Time Lords. In New Adventures' "Happy Endings", also by Cornell, it is revealed that Romana has become Lady President of Gallifrey. Romana's presidency is reflected in the later novels and in her appearances (voiced by Ward) in audio dramas from Big Finish Productions. Romana appears in independent charity novel Time's Champion, in the role of President of the Time Lords.

In the BBC Books Eighth Doctor Adventures novels, Romana undergoes a second regeneration, and her new incarnation (Romana III, whose appearance was modelled on silent movie actress Louise Brooks) is far less sympathetic and far more ruthless than the other two.

Romana II appeared pseudonymously in a series of audio plays produced in the early 2000s by BBV. In this series, Lalla Ward played a character who appeared with K-9 in an unnamed parallel universe. This character is called the Mistress (which was what K-9 called Romana in the television series). Because of an unusual copyright situation in which BBV was able to license K-9 but not Romana or other "Doctor Who" elements, the Mistress is not explicitly called Romana. For similar reasons, the parallel universe (obviously intended to reflect Romana's exile in E-Space) is called a "pocket universe" in the series' packaging.

In Big Finish's regular line of "Doctor Who" audio stories, Ward joined the Sixth Doctor in "The Apocalypse Element", in which Romana is Lady President of Gallifrey. In "Zagreus", Romana II is forced to banish the Eighth Doctor from the universe as he has become a danger to it following his infection by the forces of "anti-time". Following on from this, she is featured in a number of audio plays with former Doctor companion Leela (played by Louise Jameson) under the umbrella title of "Gallifrey".

The series ends on a cliffhanger, with Gallifrey on the brink of economic and social collapse as well as in danger of being overrun by a Free Time virus, while most of the characters are trapped with no apparent means of escape.






Tegan Jovanka

Tegan Jovanka is a fictional character in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She was played by Janet Fielding. Tegan Jovanka was an Australian airline stewardess who was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctors, she was a regular in the programme from 1981 to 1984. Tegan was the longest-serving companion in terms of years on the series (3 years, 1 month), although Jamie McCrimmon was in the most episodes and stories.

Tegan first appears in the Fourth Doctor's last serial, "Logopolis". On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job with Air Australia, her car suffers a flat tyre. She enters a roadside police box to seek help, but she enters and does not realise that it is the Doctor's Tardis. She is present when the Fourth Doctor falls from the Pharos Project radio telescope and regenerates into his fifth incarnation, and continues to travel with the doctor
Eventually, the chaos during the events of "Resurrection of the Daleks" prove too much and she chooses to leave the Doctor and Turlough and stay in 1984 London.

According to David Tennant's video diary of filming "Doctor Who" Series 3, John Barrowman (who plays Captain Jack Harkness in the 21st century series of "Doctor Who" and its spinoff "Torchwood") has a dog named Tegan, named after the companion.



Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles

Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles is a television series that appeared on the Fox Television Network from January 13, 2008 until 2009. It is a spin-off of "". 

It is about Sarah Connor (played by Lena Headey), her teenage son John Connor (played by Thomas Dekker), and a good robot named Cameron Phillips (played by Summer Glau) trying to stop the evil computer Skynet from ever being created.


Stigma (botany)

A stigma is a part of a flower that gets pollen from pollinators such as bees. The stigma is part of the female reproductive part of a flower, the pistil. The stigma is on top of the style. The stigma can be either hairy or sticky, or both to trap pollen. When the pollen lands on the stigma, the pollen will grow a pollen tube down the style, and into the ovary of the pistil.

Empress Dowager Cixi

Empress Dowager Cixi (November 29 1835 – November 15 1908), often known in China as the West Dowager Empress was from the Manchu Yehe Nara Clan.

Cixi was a powerful and charismatic figure who became the "de facto" ruler of the Manchu Qing Dynasty and ruled over China for 47 years from 1861 to her death in 1908. She was one of the wives of Emperor Xianfeng and also the mother of Emperor Tongzhi. She quickly took over the power after the death of Emperor Xianfeng. Though her exact origins are unclear it is very likely that she came from an ordinary Manchu family. She was chosen by the Xianfeng Emperor as a concubine. She gained almost total control over the court when the rule of her son the Tongzhi Emperor started. He and her nephew the Guangxu Emperor attempted unsuccessfully to rule in their own right.

As the source tells it, Cixi had a partnership with the #1 concubine Zhin, who had been raised to Empress. The two women ruled together, with Cixi as the more dominant personality.

She was in charge during the Opium Wars, First Sino-Japanese War, and the Boxer Rebellion. She was largely conservative during her rule, and some historians consider her reign despotism, and think that she might be responsible for the fall of the Qing Dynasty, and therefore Imperial China, as a result of Cixi's rule.



Human trafficking

Human trafficking (or Trafficking in human beings) is a way to exploit people. People are sold, bought, traded much like slaves , and are even sold to couples who don't have children. It is estimated to be a $5 to $9 billion-a-year industry. Trafficking victims typically are recruited by using force or because they are deceived, or fraud is used, power is abused, or they are simply abducted. Threats, violence, and economic problems can often make a victim consent to exploitation.

Human trafficking should not be confused with human smuggling.

Exploitation includes forcing people into prostitution or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs. For children exploitation may also include forced prostitution, illegal international adoption, trafficking for early marriage, or recruitment as child soldiers, beggars, for sports (such as child camel jockeys or football players), or for religious cults.

The norms based on international human rights law, such as Vienna Declaration and the Yogyakarta Principles prohibit human trafficking and Council of Europe and Charter of Fundamental Rights of European Union also prohibit them and do effort to save the victims.

Sex trafficking is human trafficking, where the main idea is to trick or force people so they can be used for sexual needs. This is fundamentally different from sex work or prostitution. Prostitution and sex work is legal in many countries. Human trafficking is almost always illegal. 

Many are women, but it is not rare for men to also be trafficked. Their ages, ethnic and their socioeconomic background all vary. Still there are groups of people that are more high-risk.


In 2017 they analyzed 1,416 child sex traffickers that were arrested in the United States in the past 10 years and it was found that 75.4% of traffickers are male and 24.4% are female. In average they were younger than 30 years. 


Child trafficking is defined as the "recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring, and/or receipt" of a child for the purpose of exploitation. The commercial sexual exploitation of children can take many forms. This includes forcing a child into Child prostitution or it can be other forms of sexual activity like child pornography. Exploitation may also involve forced labour or services like slavery. It can mean practices similar to slavery such as or the removal of organs, illegal adoption, or recruitment as child soldiers.


Controversy

A controversy is a prolonged public dispute or debate, with people having different opinions. There may be several groups of people who have different opinions and who cannot agree. Examples for controversial topics are the question of whether abortion should be legal, or whether research on embryonic stem cells should be permitted. Controversies can happen when there is not a lot of understanding about a topic. A controversy may also happen when different people interpret the same information differently based on their own biases. 

Any opinion that has opposing sides or points of view can become a controversy. In the winter of 2015, consumers argued over the color and design of Starbucks Christmas cup. Some suggested a boycott of the coffee brand to protest.


German Trade Union Confederation

Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund is a confederation of German trade unions. It was a national trade union center of Germany.

The DGB hat 8 German trade unions with more than 7 million people (31.12.2004). It was founded in Munich in 12 October 1949.




The Best Damn Thing (song)

"The Best Damn Thing" is the fourth single off the album The Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne. The song was released June 13, 2008.

Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft

ver.di is a large German trade union. It is the largest trade union in the world, with 2.6 million members. "ver.di" is an abbreviation for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, which means "United Services Union."

In 2001 ver.di was formed when the Deutsche Angestellten Gewerkschaft (DAG) ("German Salaried Employees") merged with four unions of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (DGB) (DPG, HBV, ÖTV, IG Medien).


Deutscher Beamtenbund

Deutscher Beamtenbund (dbb) ("Civil Service Federation") is a national trade union center of Germany. 

The DBB was started in 1918 and organizes workers of public administration. 

DBB has a membership of 1,250,000 members. President is Peter Heesen


Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer

Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer (GDL) () is a trade union of Germany. Its president is Claus Weselsky , who took over from Manfred Schell in 2008.

The GDL has a membership of 34,000. Most members live in the old East Germany.
GDL is a member of the Deutscher Beamtenbund (dbb).


TRANSNET Gewerkschaft

TRANSNET, which stands for Transport, Service, and Networks, is a trade union in Germany. It represents 283,000 workers, and is one of eight industrial affiliations of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (DGB). Its president is Norbert Hansen.


Can-can

The can-can (also spelled "cancan") is a music hall dance, performed by a chorus line of female dancers who wear costumes with long skirts, petticoats, and black stockings, like the fashions of the 1890s. The can-can was first danced in low class ballrooms of Montparnasse in Paris about 1830. The dancers of the 1890s, such as La Goulue and Jane Avril, were highly paid for their appearances at the Moulin Rouge and elsewhere. The female dancers of the French Second Empire and the fin de siècle developed the various cancan moves.

The Galop from Jacques Offenbach's "Orpheus in the Underworld" is the tune most often played with the can-can (a somewhat simplified form and a more evolved one Can-Can ("Orpheus in the Underworld"). Performed on the accordion ).

The can-can was adapted as an American movie titled "Can Can"(1960), acted by Frank Sinatra and Shirley MacLaine with music by Cole Porter.

Jacques Offenbach

Jacques Offenbach (20 June 1819, in Cologne – 5 October 1880, in Paris) was a French composer and cellist of the Romantic era. He is seen as one of the originators of the operetta form. He was of German-Jewish descent. He was one of the most influential composers of popular music in Europe in the 19th century. Many of his works are still played today.

Offenbach's many operettas, such as "Orpheus in the Underworld", and "La belle Hélène", were extremely popular both in France and elsewhere in the 1850s and 1860s. They combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies. His popularity in France declined in the 1870s after the fall of the Second Empire. He fled France, but during the last years of his life, his popularity came back. Several of his operettas are still performed. While his name remains most closely associated with the French operetta and the Second Empire, it is Offenbach's one fully operatic masterpiece, "Les contes d'Hoffmann" ("The Tales of Hoffmann"), composed at the end of his career, that has become the most familiar of Offenbach's works in major opera houses.

Shane MacDougall

Shane MacDougall is a Canadian stand-up comedian, former columnist, television writer, and documentarian. Best known for his 1999 challenge to Queen Elizabeth II to a kickboxing match or math test for the monarchy of Canada, the challenge resulted in him receiving death threats but also brought much media attention to the burgeoning Canadian republican movement.

He is also known for The Dark Show, which in the late 1990s was Canada's longest running independent comedy show. Held at Toronto's famous Rivoli club, The Dark Show featured some of Canada's top comedians doing material on topics from school shootings to date rape, and also generated protests from some citizens.

For two years Shane was a comedy reporter and humorist for eye Weekly in Toronto, then in 2000 moved to New York City where he worked as a writer for various MTV shows. 

In 2005, MacDougall completed filming on a documentary entitled "Wiener Takes All", which followed the competitive dachshund racing circuit. The documentary screened such venues as the San Francisco Documentary Film Festival, the 27th Atlantic Film Festival, BendFilm, the Laguna Beach Film Society/Museum of Art, and the Oklahoma City Museum of Art.


Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec

Comte Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec-Monfa (24 November 1864 – 9 September 1901) was a French painter of the Post-Impressionist period. He was born into a noble family, but lived for most of his life among the actors, dancers and prostitutes of Paris. He is famous for painting the lives of these people, the entertainment of Paris, and many portraits. 

He was expert at drawing and also made many printed posters to advertise entertainments.

In a 2005 auction at Christie's auction house a new record was set when "La blanchisseuse", an early painting of a young laundress, sold for $22.4 million U.S.

Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec Monfa was born in Albi in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France. He was the oldest child of Count Alphonse and Countess Adèle de Toulouse-Lautrec. His mother and father were cousins. This is thought to have been a reason for his weakness and bad health. His younger brother was born on 28 August 1867, but died the following year.

Henri had two accidents when he was 13 and 14. He fractured (broke) the thigh bones of both his legs. They took a long time to heal, and never grew again. No-one knows exactly what caused this problem. As an adult he had a man-sized body but child-sized legs and was 1.54 m (5 ft 1 in) tall,

As a young man, Toulouse-Lautrec was not able to do many of the things that other men of his age liked doing. He had been good at drawing from the time he was a child. He spent his time drawing and painting instead of joining in sports and hunting. He travelled to Paris where he met other artists as well as writers, actors and dancers. The "night life" (entertainment) of Paris had so many colourful scenes and people to paint. His paintings are famous for showing the scenes of modern life in a way they had never been shown before. 

Toulouse-Lautrec lived in Montmartre, a part of Paris that was famous for its "bohemian" people: artists, poets, philosophers and poor students. He was called "the soul of Montmartre". He often visited the nightclubs such as the Moulin Rouge. He also spent a lot of time at the brothels in that area, and lived for a time at the brothel at des Moulins where he was a good friend to many of the women there. 

Toulouse-Lautrec painted scenes of the lives of these people, which were very shocking to some people in the polite society of Paris. As well as showing the dancing, singing, acting and circus performances that many people enjoyed, he also showed people in bed together, the sad faces of people who were addicts and the half-naked prostitutes lined up for STD medical examination. Many of his pictures were of women in lesbian relationships.

He painted the singer Yvette Guilbert, the dancer Jane Avril and the dancer Louise Weber, who was known as "La Goulue" ("Greedy-Guts"), famous for the leg-kicking dance called the "Can-Can", which is still danced at the "Moulin Rouge" to this day. Toulouse-Lautrec gave painting lessons to Suzanne Valadon, who was one of his models and may have also been his girlfriend. 

Henri Toulouse-Lautrec was an alcoholic for most of his adult life. He was put into a psychiatric hospital shortly before his death. He died from syphilis and problems caused by his alcoholism at his family's home in Malromé. He was nearly 37 years old. He is buried in Verdelais, Gironde, a few kilometres from his birthplace.

Throughout his working life of less than 20 years, Toulouse-Lautrec created 737 canvases, 275 watercolors, 363 prints and posters and 5,084 drawings. He also made some ceramics and stained glass After Toulouse-Lautrec's death, his mother, the Countess Adèle Toulouse-Lautrec, and his art dealer Maurice Joyant made his art famous. His mother gave money for a museum of his works to be built in Albi, his birthplace.

Several films have been made about Toulouse-Lautrec:



Feeling

Feeling can mean:


Alleghany County, North Carolina

Alleghany County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 10,888 people lived there. Its county seat is Sparta.

The county was made in 1859 from the eastern part of Ashe County, North Carolina.

Alleghany County is part of the High Country Council of Governments.

Since it is in the mountains, Alleghany County has cooler summers than most other places in North Carolina. The temperature usually does not go above 85 °F in the summer. But in the winter the temperature is colder than most places in North Carolina.

These counties are connected to Alleghany County:

These are the biggest roads in Alleghany County:
These cities and towns are in Alleghany County:

Sparta, North Carolina

Sparta is a town in Alleghany County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,834 people as of the year 2020. It is the county seat of Alleghany County.

The Sparta Teapot Museum is being built right now and should be finished by the summer of 2008.

Anson County, North Carolina

Anson County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 22,055 people lived there. Its county seat is Wadesboro.

The county was made in 1750 from Bladen County.

In 1753, the northern part of Anson County became Rowan County. In 1762 the western part of the county became Mecklenburg County. In 1779 the northern part of the county became Montgomery County, and the part east of the Pee Dee River became Richmond County. And in 1842 the western part of Anson County was combined with the southeastern part of Mecklenburg County to make Union County.

In 1985 most of the movie The Color Purple (film), starring Oprah Winfrey and Whoopi Goldberg along with Danny Glover, was filmed in Anson county.

Anson County is part of the Centralina Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Anson County:

These cities and towns are in Anson County


Wadesboro, North Carolina

Wadesboro is a town in Anson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 5,008 people as of the year 2020. It is the county seat of Anson County.

Alexander County, North Carolina

Alexander County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 36,444 people lived there. Its county seat is Taylorsville.

Alexander County is part of the Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Alexander County:

These cities and towns are in Alexander County:


Ashe County, North Carolina

Ashe County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 26,577 people lived there. Its county seat is Jefferson.

Native Americans used to live in Ashe County. Pieces of broken pottery, arrowheads, and other Native American things have been found in the county.

In 1849, the southwestern part of Ashe County was combined with parts of Caldwell County, Wilkes County, and Yancey County to make Watauga County. In 1859, the eastern part of Ashe County became Alleghany County.

These cities and towns are in Ashe County:

These counties are connected to Ashe County:


Long March

The Long March is the retreat of Mao Zedong and the Communists in 1934-35. The communists went to their stronghold away from Chiang Kai-shek and the Nationalists. Here they were able to join together and start fighting again to beat the Nationalists. They trekked 6,000 miles over 370 days, and only 8,000 survived out of 100,000 people. However, because they had survived such a difficult trial together the survivors were very dedicated and created a more cohesive group. Mao Zedong rose up as a leader during this time. 

The long march was over 12400 km, in one year. About 300,000 people started, and fewer than 10% finished. They climbed some mountains more than 4000 meters high,

Before the Long March, China had two sides: the nationalists and the communists. Both sides wanted to rule the country. This brought the Chinese Civil War. Chinese nationalists used 500,000 soldiers to remove the communists from Jiang Xi. They failed four times before. Now the nationalists changed the way to attack the communists, using encirclement (make a circle around the enemy army) to stop them from running away. The Communists leader Borgu tried to fight 500,000 soldiers face to face. But the problem is that the Jianxi communists just had 86,000 soldiers and more than half of them just had a broadsword and no guns. They failed to push the nationalist army back, so they tried to go to meet another communist army in Shaanxi. 

The Long March was an important event in Chinese history. It made the China communists army survival and change the way they fight the capitalism. The communists also choose Mao Zedong to became the leader of the communists and all the communist aligned armies in China. Afterward, countryside living and guerilla warfare would be used to fight their Nationalist-faction enemies.

The Long March also made the nationalists follow the communists and kill some local warlord leaders so they controlled more parts of China. They followed the communists all the way to Shaanxi and killed a lot of soldiers so that after World War II, the communists had very few soldiers. They took four years to get more soldiers so they could win the civil war.

The communists believed they won by making a lot of soldiers survive and successfully meet the Communists party in Shaanxi. They also said it is so successful to run away from 100,000 soldiers encirclement and about 200,000 soldiers hunt between the long march.

The Nationalists thought they were successful because the communists were running away from the battle and were forced to move to the other side of China. They killed at least half of the Red Army soldiers in China.

The reason they have different opinions is because their goals were very different: the Communists just wanted to survive the Nationalist army's attack. The Nationalists' goal was to destroy the Red Army in Jian Xi, making the communists weaker than before. It took the communists four years to rebuild their army and win the civil war.

Avery County, North Carolina

Avery County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 17,571 people lived there. Its county seat is Newland. It is known for growing Fraser Fir Christmas trees. Avery County is part of the High Council of Governments. 

The county was made in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County, Mitchell County, and Watauga County. Avery County was the last county made in North Carolina.

These counties border, or connect to, Avery County:

These cities and towns are in Avery County:


Hersfeld-Rotenburg

Hersfeld-Rotenburg is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of Hesse, Germany.

In 1821 districts were created in Hesse, including the districts Hersfeld and Rotenburg, which stayed nearly unchanged after Hesse-Kassel was taken over by Prussia. In 1972 both districts were joined into one.


Rings of Rhea

The Saturnian moon Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles. These would be the first rings seen around a moon. The discovery was announced in the journal "Science" on March 6 2008.

In November of 2005 the "Cassini" orbiter found that Saturn's magnetosphere near Rhea did not have energetic electrons. According to the discovery team, this is best explained by assuming they were absorbed by solid material in the form of an equatorial disk having denser rings or arcs, with particles perhaps many decimeters to about a meter in diameter.

"Voyager" 1 saw an area without as many energetic electrons trapped in Saturn's magnetic field downstream from Rhea in 1980. These measurements, which were never explained, were made at a farther distance than the "Cassini" data.

On November 26, 2005, "Cassini" made the one targeted Rhea flyby of its primary mission. It passed within 500 km of Rhea's surface, downstream of Saturn's magnetic field, and saw the resulting plasma wake as it had with other moons, such as Dione and Tethys. In those cases, there was a cutoff of energetic electrons as "Cassini" crossed into the moons' plasma shadows (the regions where the moons themselves blocked the magnetospheric plasma from reaching "Cassini)." However, in the case of Rhea, the electron plasma started to drop off at eight times that distance, and decreased gradually until the expected sharp drop off as "Cassini" entered Rhea's plasma shadow. The extended distance corresponds to Rhea's Hill sphere, the distance of 7.7 times Rhea's radius inside of which orbits are dominated by Rhea's rather than Saturn's gravity. When "Cassini" emerged from Rhea's plasma shadow, the reverse pattern occurred: A sharp surge in energetic electrons, then a gradual increase out to Rhea's Hill-sphere radius.

These readings are similar to those of Enceladus, where water coming out from its south pole absorbs the electron plasma. However, in the case of Rhea, the absorption pattern is symmetrical.

In addition, the Magnetospheric Imaging Instrument (MIMI) saw that this gentle gradient was punctuated by three sharp drops in plasma flow on each side of the moon, a pattern that was also nearly symmetric.

In August 2007, "Cassini" passed through Rhea's plasma shadow again, but farther downstream. Its readings were similar to those of "Voyager" 1.

There are no images or direct sightings of the material thought to be absorbing the plasma, but the likely candidates would be difficult to detect directly. Further sightings are planned for "Cassini"'s first mission extension, with a targeted flyby scheduled for March 2, 2010.

"Cassini"'s flyby path makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult.

The obvious candidates for magnetospheric plasma-absorbing matter are neutral gas and dust, but the quantities required to explain the seen decrease in electrons are far higher than "Cassini"'s measurements allow. Therefore the finders, led by Geraint Jones of the "Cassini" MIMI team, argue that the decrease of electrons must be caused by solid particles orbiting Rhea: 
An analysis of the electron data indicates that this obstacle is most likely in the form of a low optical depth disk of material near Rhea’s equatorial plane and that the disk contains solid bodies up to ~1 m in size.
The simplest explanation for the symmetrical punctuations in plasma flow are "extended arcs or rings of material" orbiting Rhea in its equatorial plane. These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the way by which the Rings of Uranus were found in 1977.

However, not all scientists are convinced that the seen signatures are caused by a ring system. No rings have been seen in images, which puts a very low limit at least on tiny dust-sized particles. Furthermore, a ring made of boulders would be expected to generate dust that would likely have been seen in the images.

Simulations suggest that solid bodies can stably orbit Rhea near its equatorial plane over astronomical timescales. They may not be stable around Dione and Tethys because those moons are so much closer to Saturn, and therefore have much smaller Hill spheres, or around Titan because of drag from its dense atmosphere.

Many suggestions have been made for the possible origin of rings. An impact could have brought material into orbit; this could have happened as recently as 70 million years ago. A small body could have been disrupted when caught in orbit about Rhea. In either case, the debris would eventually have settled into circular equatorial orbits. Given their long-term orbital stability, however, it is possible that they survive from the formation of Rhea itself.

For different rings to exist, something must separate them. Suggestions include moonlets or clumps of material within the disk, similar to those seen within Saturn's A ring.


Werra-Meißner-Kreis

Werra-Meißner is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1974 by merging the two district Eschwege and Witzenhausen, which both existed with only slight modifications since 1821.

The main river in the district is the Werra. The "Hohe Meißner" with is the highest of the "Meißner" mountains. The river and the mountain gave the district its name.

The Hohe Meißner was also home to USA military forces up to the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. Soldiers of the Special Forces guarded the eavesdropping listening post situated on the hilltop.


Waldeck-Frankenberg

Waldeck-Frankenberg is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by merging the two districts Frankenberg and Waldeck. Most of the area of the district was previously part of the old principality of Waldeck.


Schwalm-Eder-Kreis

Schwalm-Eder is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district has partnerships with

The two rivers Schwalm and Eder gave the district its name.


Velvet Revolver

Velvet Revolver (VR), was a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup that started in 2002. The members of the band were three Guns N' Roses band members Slash (lead guitar), Duff McKagan (bass, backing vocals) and Matt Sorum (drums, backing vocals) and Wasted Youth bassist Dave Kushner (rhythm guitar). Stone Temple Pilots' Scott Weiland was previously the lead singer. He joined the band after Stone Temple Pilots broke up in 2003. The band got success with their first album "Contraband" in 2004 and released their second album "Libertad" in 2007. Scott left the band in 2008, though he did one more one-off show with the band in 2012. Velvet Revolver had had several searches for a new singer since then, but had yet to announce a replacement.




Manchu people

The Manchu people are a Tungusic people who came from Manchuria (today's Northeastern China). In ancient times they were called "Juchen". During their rise in the seventeenth century they conquered the Ming Dynasty and founded the Qing Dynasty, which ruled China until the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, which established a republican government in its place.

The Qing Dynasty required by law that all males must wear a hairstyle called the Manchu queue, in which men had to shave the front of their heads and wear a long braid on the back of their heads.

the Jurchens (Manchus) were former Ming subjects but were rejecting their previous status and revolting when Nurhaci declared the Later Jin dynasty in 1616 and his Seven Grievances in 1618 calling for revenge against the Ming killing his father and grandfather.

Local Han civilian militias were used by the Qing government during the White Lotus rebellion instead of using extra Manchu bannermen.

Manchu bannermen and Mongol Bannermen in the banner garrison of Zhenjiang, including the Manchu banner commander Hailong, committed suicide after slaughtering their own wives and children after the British defeated them in the Battle of Chinkiang in 1842. The Manchu bannermen of the banner garrison in Zhapu killed their own wives and children before committing suicide after the British defeated them in the Battle of Chapu in 1842 while the non-banner Han Chinese soldiers did not commit suicide and stayed alive. Han Green Standard Army soldiers abandoned the Manchu bannermen to die. British witnesses said that the Manchu population of the Zhenjiang garrison was effectively extinct as the corpses of Manchu men, women and children littered the garrison. "Dead bodies of Tartars in every house we entered, principally women and children thrown into wells or otherwise murdered by their own people. A great number of those who escaped our fire committed suicide after destroying their families; the loss of life has been appalling, and it may be said that the Manchu race in this city is extinct."

In Zhenjiang, As the Manchu garrison had been in the habit of calling the Chinese .6 disloyalists , ” the Fu Kien braves sided with the enemy and set fire to the town . The foreigners then got over the wall and burnt the Manchu quarter, the Assistant Tartar-General and the Acting Sub-Prefect losing their lives, and the taotai escaping to Kashing, which place, as also Hangchow, was now threatened too. Han Chinese civilians gathered to watch the British kill the Manchus in the battle of Zhenjiang, even brining bowls of rice while spectating : "... and their fellow - countrymen , and in danger themselves , from their position , of being shot , were coolly employed eating their bowls of rice ." The British observed the Manchus killing their own children and wives and committing suicide as they lost : “As we marched along the walls, I saw, what as a novice in this description of warfare shocked me much, old men, women and children, cutting each other's throats, and drowning themselves by the dozen; and no one either attempting or apparently showing any inclination to save the poor wretches, nor in fact regarding them with more notice than they would a dead horse carried through the streets of London to the kennel." “ After we had forced our way over piles of furniture, placed to barricade the door, we entered an open court strewed with rich stuffs and covered with clotted blood; and upon the steps leading to the hall of ancestors,' there were two bodies of youthful Tartars cold and stiff, much alike, apparently brothers. Having gained the threshold of their abode, they had died where they had fallen, from the loss of blood. Stepping over these bodies, we entered the hall, and met, face to face, three women seated, a mother and two daughters; and at their feet lay to bodies of elderly men, with their throats cut from ear to ear, their senseless heads resting upon the feet of their relations. To the right were two yonng girls, beautiful and delicate, crouching over, and endeavoring to conceal a living soldier."

Southern Han Chinese coolies helped the British and French destroy Qing Manchu Eight Banner armies at the Battle of Taku Forts (1860).

25,000 Manchus were slaughtered by Taiping forces in Nanjing.

At the Temple of Heaven all seven daughters of the Manchu official Yulu were gang raped on August 11 by Eight Nation Alliance soldiers after Yulu committed suicide.

Women's chastity was guarded by keeping them in the inner quarters of the house in Han culture and Manchus adopted this practice from Han after the Qing was founded.

The Manchu are still a separate ethnicity from the Han Chinese and are categorized as a separate ethnic minority by the government of China but the majority of Manchus no longer speak their own language much as the majority of the Irish people remain separate from English but speak English as their first language.


Kristanna Loken

Kristanna Sommer Loken or Kristanna Sommer Løken (born October 8, 1979) is an American actress known for her work in both film and television, and a former fashion model. She is perhaps known as T-X from the movie (2003) and Rayne from the movie Bloodrayne (2006).

All of Loken's four grandparents were immigrants to the United States from Norway. She is openly bisexual.




Geneva

Geneva (, , , , ) is the second biggest city in Switzerland. Only Zürich is bigger. Geneva is the biggest city in Romandy (the French-speaking part of Switzerland).

Geneva is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva. It is situated where the Rhône River leaves Lake Geneva (called in French "Lac Léman").

Geneva is a very important financial and diplomatic center. There are many international organizations in Geneva, including the United Nations and the Red Cross. A 2009 survey states that Geneva has the third highest quality of living in the world (narrowly outranked by Zürich).

Internationally, Geneva is strongly associated with the Geneva Conventions.

"Geneva" was first written about as a border town, set up to protect the Roman Empire against the Helvetii. The Romans took the city in 120 B.C. In A.D. 443 it was taken by Burgundy, and with the latter fell to the Franks in 534. In 888 the town was part of the new Kingdom of Burgundy, and with it was taken over in 1033 by the German Emperor.
From 1154 the bishops of Geneva had the status of prince of the Holy Roman Empire, but the counts of Geneva and later the counts of Savoy were "guardians", always ready to take over from the bishops. In 1290 the counts of Savoy got the right to appoint a deputy ruler (vice-dominus) of the diocese, the title of Vidame of Geneva was granted to the family of count François de Candie of Chambéry-Le-Vieux a Chatellaine of the Savoy. The "vidominus" or Curia Viscount of Geneva, had legal and financial powers over the town, under the control of the Bishop and the Duchy of Savoy.

In 1387 Bishop Adhémar Fabry granted the town its great charter, the basis of its communal self-government, which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm. The last Count of Geneva died in 1394, and the House of Savoy took over their land. In 1416 the counts became dukes, and kept trying to bring the city of Geneva under their control, often by making members of their own family to Bishops of Geneva. The city protected itself by joining the Swiss Federation ("Eidgenossenschaft"), uniting itself in 1426 with Berne and Fribourg.
In the Protestant Reformation Bern favoured the new Protestant teaching and demanded liberty of preaching for the Reformers Guillaume Farel and Antoine Froment, but Catholic Fribourg renounced in its union with Geneva in 1511. Later the Protestant leader John Calvin was based in Geneva from 1536 to his death in 1564.

At the Congress of Vienna (1814-15) the territory of Geneva was enlarged to cover 15 Savoyard and 6 French parishes, with more than 16,000 Catholics; at the same time it became a part of the Swiss Confederation. The treaty said that Catholic religion was to be protected, and that no changes were to be made without agreement with the Holy See. Later, Pope Pius VII made the cities of Geneva and Lausanne a new diocese of and part of Geneva diocese that was in France part of the French diocese of Annecy.

The Protestant and Old Catholic churches got money from the city taxes, but the Roman Catholics did not. On 30 June 1907, most of the Catholics of Geneva voted for the separation of Church and State.

Geneva is located at 46°12' North, 6°09' East, at the south-western end of Lake Geneva, where the lake meets the Rhône River. It is surrounded by two mountain chains, the Alps and the Jura.

The city of Geneva has an area of . The area of the Canton of Geneva is .

The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m. This is the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton, two large rocks in the lake that are used as a reference point for surveying in Switzerland.
The second main river of Geneva is the Arve River which flows into the Rhône River just west of the city centre.

Geneva has a temperate oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification). Winters are cool and generally a little cloudy. During the winter, it is possible to have several days without thawing, and a day or two with severe freezes where the thermometer displays -10 °C. There are several days each month when, if anticyclonic conditions are stable, the clouds may stay for several days. From March, with temperatures rising it feels like summer in late May. However, the rain intensifies and often has a stormy character during the month of May. These may be short but strong storms depositing several centimetres of rain within just a few minutes. Summers are often hot and rather humid, although some may be more changeable, the mornings remain relatively fresh. During the summer season, the rains are less frequent but more intense. This is the season where you most likely get thunderstorms with hail. If the weather in early September is still hot, it cools down quickly to become really cold in November. The morning frosts are then reappearing. Autumn is also the season of mists, and the month of October is often the month with the most fog in the year. The fog can be very intense, restricting vision to less than 100 m in the areas outside the city.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Geneva was on 7 July 2015.

The city's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève, a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T. Bates, with a readership of about 187,000.
Le Courrier, founded in 1868, was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church, but has been completely independent since 1996. Mainly focused on Geneva, Le Courrier is trying to expand into other cantons in Romandy. Both Le Temps (headquartered in Geneva) and Le Matin are widely read in Geneva, but both actually cover the whole of Romandy.

Geneva is covered by the various French language radio networks of the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation, in particular the Radio Suisse Romande. While these networks cover the whole of Romandy, special programs related to Geneva are sometimes broadcast on some of the local frequencies in the case of special events such as elections. Other local station broadcast from the city, including RadioLac (FM 91.8 MHz), Radio Cité (Non-commercial radio, FM 92.2 MHz), OneFM (FM 107.0 MHz, also broadcast in Vaud), and World Radio Geneva (FM 88.4 MHz), Switzerland's only English-language radio station.

The main television channel covering Geneva is the Radio Télévision Suisse (RTS); while its headquarters are in Geneva, the programmes cover the whole of French-speaking Switzerland. Léman Bleu is a local TV channel, founded in 1996 and distributed by cable. Because Geneva is nearly surrounded by France, many French television and radio channels can be picked up in Geneva.

Theatre
Most theatre in Geneva is in French, however there are several companies that stage regular English productions.

Cinema
Movie going is a favorite activity in Geneva and there are plenty of theaters throughout the city. Most movies are dubbed into French. Because of the number of English speakers in the city movies may also be subtitled.

Restaurants
In has over 1,000 restaurants, so it is the undisputed capital of cuisine in Switzerland. However eating out can be expensive, and many people drive the few kilometres over the border into France where prices are lower.

Since 1818, a particular chestnut tree is used as the official "herald of the spring" in Geneva. The "sautier" (secretary of the Parliament of the Canton of Geneva) observes the tree and notes the day of arrival of the first bud. While this event has no practical impact, the sautier issues a formal press release and the local newspaper will usually mention the news. In 2007, the first bud appeared on 2 March.

Geneva celebrates Jeune genevois on the first Thursday following a Sunday in September. By local tradition, this commemorates when the news of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre of Huguenots reached Geneva. The Genevois (people of Geneva) joke that the federal equivalent holiday, "Jeune fédéral", is celebrated two weeks later on account of the rest of the country being a bit slow on the uptake.

Genevans also traditionally celebrate the failure of a Savoyard attempt to invade the city in 1602. The celebration, which takes place in December, is called L'Escalade, and includes a parade in the Old Town, a marathon, and numerous costume parties across the city. Inhabitants generally eat vegetable stew to commemorate a fictional character called Mère Royaume who is said to have thrown boiling hot soup on the Duke of Savoy's men when they were climbing the walls of the city during the night (hence the name L'Escalade, which means "the climb" in French). Traditionally, children are encouraged to knock on people's doors and sing songs in old Genevan, while teenagers generally throw eggs and flour at each other. Another tradition is to cross a pot made of chocolate filled with marzepan vegetables while saying "and so perished the enemies of the Republic".

The main sport team in Geneva is Servette FC, a football club founded in 1890 and named after a borough on the right bank of the Rhône River. Servette was the only club to have remained in the top league in Switzerland since its creation in the 1930s; however, in 2005, management problems caused the bankruptcy of the club's parent company, causing the club to be demoted two divisions lower. It is now playing in second division. Geneva is also home of the Genève-Servette Hockey Club, who play in the Swiss Nationalliga A.

The city of Geneva is divided into 8 "quartiers" or districts, often made up of several conglomerated neighborhoods. On the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) these include Jonction, Centre / Plainpalais / Acacias, Eaux-Vives and Champel while the Right Bank includes Saint-Jean / Charmilles, Servette / Petit-Saconnex, Grottes / Saint-Gervaise and Paquis / Nations.

As of 2005, the population of the Commune (city) of Geneva was 185,028, while 441,000 people lived in the Canton of Geneva; around 960,000 people live in the Geneva urban community, which extends into Vaud Canton and neighbouring France.

The population of the Canton is split between 148,500 people originally from Geneva (33.7%), 122,400 Swiss from other cantons (27.6%) and 170,500 foreigners (38.7%), from 180 different countries. Including people holding multiple citizenship, 54.4% of people living in Geneva hold a foreign passport.

While Geneva is usually considered a Protestant city, there are now more Roman Catholics (39.5%) than Protestants (17.4%) living in the Canton. 22% of the inhabitants claim not to be religious, the rest being shared between Islam (4.4%), Judaism (1.1%), other religions and people who did not respond.

Geneva's economy is mainly services oriented. The city has an important and old finance sector, which is specialized in private banking (managing assets of about 1 trillion USD) and financing of international trade. It is also an important centre of commodity trade.

Geneva hosts the international headquarters of companies like JT International (JTI), Mediterranean Shipping Company, Serono, SITA, Société Générale de Surveillance and STMicroelectronics. Many other multinational companies like Caterpillar, DuPont, Electronic Arts, Hewlett-Packard, INVISTA, Procter & Gamble and Sun Microsystems have their European headquarters in the city too.

There is a long tradition of watchmaking (Baume et Mercier, Chopard, Franck Muller, Patek Philippe, Rolex, Raymond Weil, Omega, etc.). Two major international producers of flavours and fragrances, Firmenich and Givaudan, have their headquarters and main production facilities in Geneva.

Many people also work in the numerous offices of international organizations in Geneva (about 24,000 in 2001).

Geneva Motor Show is one of the most important international auto-shows. The show is held at Palexpo, a giant convention centre located next to the International Airport. The show is so important that the Jet d'Eau is switched on for longer than usual because of all the visitors in the city during the show.

The city is served by the Geneva Cointrin International Airport. It is connected to both the Swiss railway network SBB-CFF-FFS, and the French SNCF network, including direct connections to Paris, Marseille and Montpellier by TGV. Geneva is also connected to the motorway systems of both Switzerland (A1 motorway) and France.

Public transport by bus, trolleybus or tram is provided by "Transports Publics Genevois" (TPG). In addition to an extensive coverage of the city centre, the network covers most of the municipalities of the Canton, with a few lines extending into France. Public transport by boat is provided by the Mouettes Genevoises, which link the two banks of the lake within the city, and by the "Compagnie Générale de Navigation sur le lac Léman" (CGN) which serves more distant destinations such as Nyon, Yvoire, Thonon, Evian, Lausanne and Montreux using both modern diesel vessels and vintage paddle steamers.

Trains operated by SBB connect the airport to the main station of Cornavin in six minutes, and carry on to towns such as Nyon, Lausanne, Fribourg, Montreux, Neuchâtel, Berne, Sion, Sierre, etc. Regional train services are being increasingly developed, towards Coppet and Bellegarde. At the city limits, two new stations have been created since 2002: Genève-Sécheron (close to the UN and the Botanical Gardens) and Lancy-Pont-Rouge.

In 2005, work started on the CEVA (Cornavin - Eaux-Vives - Annemasse) project, first planned in 1884, which will connect Cornavin with the Cantonal hospital, the Eaux-Vives station and Annemasse, in France. The link between the main station and the classification yard of La Praille already exists; from there, the line will go mostly underground to the Hospital and the Eaux-Vives, where it will link up to the existing line to France. Support for this project was obtained from all parties in the local parliament.

Taxis in Geneva can be difficult to find, and may need to be booked in advance especially in the early morning or at peak hours. In addition, which may be surprising in a modern country like Switzerland, taxis often refuse to take babies and children.
The University of Geneva was founded by John Calvin in 1559. The International School of Geneva is the oldest international school in the world. It was founded in 1924 along with the League of Nations.

Geneva is also home to one of the most prestigious graduate schools of international relations, the Graduate Institute of International Studies. Other international schools include the International School of Geneva and Institut International de Lancy (founded in 1903).

The Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations is a private university located on the grounds of the Château de Penthes, an old castle with a park and view of Lac Leman.

The Canton of Geneva's public school system has "écoles primaires" (4-12), "cycles d'orientation" (12-15), and the post-obligatory "collèges" (15-19), the oldest of which is the Collège Calvin. It is housed in the ancient buildings of the University of Geneva, and could be considered one of the oldest public schools in the world.

Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools.

As the Geneva authorities say, the history of the city is closely related to that of the foreign communities. Ever since the migration of foreigners to Geneva, these communities have found refuge, bringing their know-how, their customs and hope of a new life. They have widely participated in the international influence of Geneva, to its economic prosperity, and also to the spreading of views and of science. 
Many other communities or minorities are also very well represented in Geneva, including sexual minorities, with no less than three organizations: Dialogai, a gay organization; Lestime, a lesbian organization; and association 360, an LGBT organization. The Gay International Group (Geneva, Switzerland) is a good resource for gay foreigners, tourists or expatriates. Also, a new LGBT group has debuted within the University of Geneva itself, called "Think Out". This group addresses students and professors linked directly or indirectly with the matter of sexual diversity.

There are a lot of different communities in Geneva. Even if Geneva is supposed to be the Protestant Rome, many religions are represented in Geneva. The Plymouth Brethren have a thriving assembly there, established since the days of John Nelson Darby. Besides the Protestants, the Catholic religion becomes more influential thanks to immigration from Latin countries. The Jewish community is one of the oldest of Switzerland, and the more recent Muslim community is emerging in this tolerant city.

Geneva is the seat of the European headquarters of the United Nations and of many other inter-governmental organizations, including:
Geneva was the seat of the League of Nations between 1919 and the league's dissolution in 1946. It was first housed in the Palais Wilson, and then in the Palais des Nations, which now hosts the United Nations. Numerous international non-governmental organizations have also elected Geneva as their headquarters, including:





Concubinage

Concubinage is the state of a woman in a relationship with a man of higher social status that gives her less rights than a marriage. In most of the cases the man has an official wife and one or more concubines. Concubines have only limited rights of support from the man, and their children have lower status than children born by the official wife or wives; these legal rights distinguish a concubine from a mistress.

Historically, the family of a girl were in favour of a concubinage with a mighty man, as it brought economic security. But concubinage could also mean sexual slavery.
In the Western world there is no legal status of concubines, as only monogamous marriages are recognized. Any other relationship does not enjoy legal protection; the woman is necessarily a mistress.


Mistress (lover)

A mistress is a man's long term female sexual partner and companion who is not married to him. This term is especially used when the man is married to another woman. The relationship is generally stable; however, the couple do not live together openly. Also, the relationship is usually but not always secret. Rather often the man is paying for some of the woman's living expenses. A mistress has no legal relationship to the man, that makes the difference to the status of a concubine.

The term can also be used to describe the "other" companion in a female same-sex marriage. Likewise, a woman may be married to a man and have a mistress of her own.

Historically, the term was used for women who could afford a comfortable lifestyle, because a wealthy man financed that so that she will be available for his sexual pleasure. Such a woman could move between the roles of a mistress and a courtesan. Today however, the word "mistress" is used primarily to refer to the female companion of a man who is married to another woman; in the case of an unmarried man it is usual to speak of a "girlfriend".

The historically best known and most researched mistresses are the royal mistresses of European monarchs, for example Madame de Pompadour. 
In the courts of Europe, particularly Versailles and Whitehall in the 17th and 18th centuries, a mistress often had great power and influence. A king might hold numerous mistresses but have a single "favourite mistress" or "official mistress" (in French, "maîtresse en titre"), as with Louis XV and Madame de Pompadour.

Eastern Front

Eastern Front can be one of the following:


Italian Campaign

Italian Campaign can mean the following:


List of counties in Wisconsin

The following is a list of the counties of Wisconsin:

Eastern Front (World War I)

The Eastern Front of World War I was the theatre in which Germany and Austria-Hungary fought against the Russian Empire. Planning places to concentrate forces was very important because there were few railways on the Eastern Front, and troops could not be moved and reinforced as quickly as on the Western Front. 

Russia lost many battles, but its overall situation improved as Russia improved its forces, and more and more allies entered the war. The Eastern Front ended when the Russian Civil War broke out in 1917. The communists signed a peace treaty with Germany so that they could focus on winning the civil war.


Gibbon

Gibbons belong to the group of lesser apes. They are known for their ability to swing from one tree to another with great agility and swiftness. 

There are four genera of gibbons. Gibbons live in dense tropical forests, for example, in Sumatra, Thailand, and Malaysia.

Gibbons are the best tree travelers in the animal kingdom. They almost seem to be flying as they swing themselves hand over hand through the trees. Like great apes, gibbons can also walk upright on the ground. When they walk on the ground, gibbons hold their long arms in the air to keep them from dragging.

Gibbons are "singers" too. Their powerful voices travel for kilometers through the forests of Southeast Asia. At times, a male, a female, and their young get together and "sing" in a chorus. These sounds help groups of gibbons stay in contact. They also tell unwelcome visitors to stay away.

Gibbons stay busy for most of the day. They swing through the trees, looking for leaves, flowers, fruit, and insects to eat. When night falls, small groups settle down in familiar trees for the night.

Unlike most other primates, male and female gibbons are not very different in size and shape, although they may differ in color. The males are usually black, while the females tend to be ash blond. Female gibbons have one offspring per gestation period and live about 25 years.

The family is divided into four genera based on their diploid chromosome number: "Hylobates" (44), "Hoolock" (38), "Nomascus" (52), and "Symphalangus" (50).



Same-sex marriage

Same-sex marriage (also known as gay marriage) is a relationship in which two people of the same sex (same gender) live together as a family in a governmentally, socially, or religiously recognized marriage. Access to same-sex marriage is sometimes called "marriage equality", especially by supporters.

Marriage under civil law is presently available to same-sex couples in the following countries: Andorra Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Denmark (including Greenland and Faroe Islands), Ecuador, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands (Netherlands proper; pending in Aruba and Curaçao), New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, United States and Uruguay. In Ecuador, Taiwan and some states in Mexico, same-sex married couples are not allowed to adopt children the way other married couples are.

The Netherlands was the first country in modern times to allow marriages of two people of the same sex, in 2001. Same-sex marriage became legal everywhere in the United States in 2015. The Supreme Court ruled that not allowing same-sex couples to marry was unconstitutional. There are various faiths that practise same-sex marriages, including Eckankar, Wicca, Unitarian Universalism, Raelism, and Native American religions with a two-spirit tradition.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> This state controls one or more territories where same-sex marriage is not legal.

In the Netherlands, a same-sex marriage law does not actually exist. Back in 2001, the existing (normal) marriage law was 'only' changed, so that it now includes marriage of same-sex partners. This means that same-sex marriage in the Netherlands is not different from a normal marriage; it's exactly the same. The Dutch law says the following:

—Dutch civil law, book 1, article 30

That is consistent with the first article of the Dutch civil law, and with the Dutch constitution:

The first same-sex union in modern history was recognized by the government in Denmark in 1989. It provided many of the right of marriage, but not all. 

Civil unions, civil partnership, domestic partnership, unregistered partnership/unregistered co-habitation or registered partnerships that offer some of the benefits of marriage are available in the following countries and territories that do not provide same-sex marriage: Andorra, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary (unregistered co-habitation since 1996; registered partnership from 2009), Israel, Italy, Liechtenstein, Veracruz in Mexico, Monaco, Montenegro, Aruba in the Netherlands, San Marino, Slovenia, and the UK possession of the Cayman Islands.

Same-sex marriage does not always mean marriage equality. In many countries, adoption law and reproductive rights are independent of marriage law. For example, same-sex couples may be allowed to marry, and "married" couples may be allowed to adopt children, but same-sex married couples may not be allowed to adopt. This was the situation in Portugal for several years. Currently (2023), same-sex married couples are prevented from adopting children in Ecuador, Taiwan, and several states of Mexico. On the other hand, a few countries have allowed same-sex couples to adopt children, even while they do not allow them to marry. Usually these countries have civil unions. An example in 2022 is Croatia.

The controversy over recognition of same-sex unions as marriages is a very important part of a larger debate about the definition of a family. Same-sex marriage is not considered as valid by many religions. Many others, however, see same-sex marriage as important for all people to be equal. They sometimes say that religions and law (Defense of Marriage Act, for example) who do not support same-sex marriage are intolerant (they do not show respect to other peoples' beliefs). Additionally, people married in civil unions usually do not enjoy all the benefits (lower taxes, health insurance etc.).

Various organizations exist in part to support the rights of homosexual or gay men and women to marry people of the same sex. One organization is the Human Rights Campaign or HRC.



Chiron (hypothetical moon)

Chiron is the name given to a moon of Saturn claimed to be sighted by Hermann Goldschmidt in 1861. It has since been determined that it does not exist as it was never seen again.

Dual monarchy

Dual monarchy is a union of two monarchies where the thrones of each monarchy are combined. A typical case is a personal union in which the crowns of the separate kingdoms are held by one person. The following are examples of dual monarchies, listed alphabetically with the dominant or co-dominant nation first:



Union

Union generally means that two or more things are joined into one. That can be an organization of several people or organizations, several objects combined into one, and so on. The term may mean:




The term student union can be used in either of two senses:

In the United States, the phrase more commonly refers to the building. The phrase "student government" or "student senate" is usually used when referring to the subject of the "Students' union" article.






Carl von Moers

Carl von Moers (9 December 1871 in Neuwied – 26 May 1957) was a German horse rider who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.

He and his horse "May-Queen" won the silver medal as members of the German team at the 1912 Summer Olympics. But he was 15th in the individual eventing competition.

He also participated in the individual dressage event at the 1912 Summer Olympics with his horse "New Bank". They finished twelfth.


Burnham Grammar School

Burnham Grammar School (BGS) is a grammar school in Burnham, Buckinghamshire. It was started in 1960. It is a community school. The school takes children from the age of 11 to the age of 18. The school has about 900 pupils. They are split into five houses.

The school has an all weather sports pitch which the Wycombe Wanderers first team sometimes train on.

In September 2004 the Department for Education and Skills (DfES) awarded the school status as a Science College.

The current head teacher is Dr Andrew Gillespie who took over from Cathy Long in January 2008.



Avant-garde

Avant-garde (pronounced ) in French means "front guard", "advance guard", or "vanguard". The term is commonly used in French, English, and German for people or works that are experimental or innovative, particularly in the areas of art, culture, and politics. 

Avant-garde represents a going against what is accepted as the norm, especially in culture. 



Avant-garde (disambiguation)

Avant-garde refers to experimental work in art, music, culture, or politics. It can also refer to:



Dumb Luck

Dumb Luck is a 2001 movie written and directed by Craig Clyde and starring Scott Baio, Tracy Nelson, Hal Linden and Eileen Brennan.


Gil Fates

Gil Fates (born Joseph Gilbert Fates on 29 September 1914 in Newark, New Jersey, United States; died 1 May 2000 in New York City, United States) was an American television producer. He produced many shows, like "What's My Line?". Fates also hosted "CBS Television Quiz", which was the first television game show to be shown often. Before World War 2, he was a stage actor.

Innovation

The classic definitions of innovation include: 

In economics, business and government policy,- something new - must be substantially different, not an unimportant change. In economics the change must increase value, customer value, or producer value. Innovations are intended to make someone better off, and the succession of many innovations grows the whole economy. 



Innovation (disambiguation)

Innovation may refer to one of the following.

Santieh River

The Santieh River is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan County for .


Scott S. Sheppard

Scott S. Sheppard is an astronomer in the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism at the Carnegie Institution of Washington. He graduated from the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii.

He discovered many small moons of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, the second known Neptune Trojan, 2004 UP10 as well as several Kuiper Belt Objects, Centaurs, and near Earth asteroids.

List of rivers of Taiwan

This is a list of rivers in Taiwan that are 19 kilometers or longer:



























List of mountains in Taiwan

Taiwan has a lot of mountains, and mountain climbing is a favorite activity of the and many Taiwanese people. A list of One Hundred Mountains Ranking () was created in 1971, which listed the best mountains for climbing on the island. Climbing all one hundred mountains is the greatest challenge for Taiwanese climbers.




Mario Kart DS

Mario Kart DS is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It is the fifth game in the series and the first which used Nintendo's free online service, Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. The game was released in the North America, Australia, and Europe in November 2005, and in Japan in December 2005, and in South Korea in which it is the very first Wi-Fi Connection game launched in April 2007.

It got very positive reviews, and scored an average of 91% from Metacritic.

Like other games in the "Mario Kart" series, "Mario Kart DS" involves characters from "Mario" games racing each other in go-karts on tracks themed from locations in the "Mario" series. The game, like other "Mario Kart" games, employs various weapons or items that players can use to help themselves or slow down others. These weapons make "Mario Kart" different from other racing games.

"DS" is the first "Mario Kart" game ever to have computer opponents in battle mode. In battle mode, up to eight carts have four balloons and battle each other until one wins. Another change is that players start with one balloon and must blow into the microphone to blow up other balloons. With fewer balloons, players get better items, but run the risk of getting knocked out early. With more balloons, they are safer, but get items that are not as good.

"DS" is also the first online "Mario Kart" title. It used the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players used "friend codes" and pick four tracks to race. Some tracks cannot be played over Wi-Fi because the game might slow down due to large obstacles.

Metacritic

Metacritic is a website which collects expert reviews for movies, TV, video games, music and formally books. It provides a Metascore, an average score out of 100 possible points based on published reviews. It has the score in one of three colours, red being negative, yellow being mixed and green being positive.


Marktbreit

Marktbreit am Main () is a town in Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria, Germany. It is at the most southern point of the Main river. Marktbreit is the birthplace of Alois Alzheimer who first identified the symptoms of what is now known as Alzheimer's disease. With its suburb , Marktbreit has about 3,700 residents.

Marktbreit is in Kitzingen, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria. Its territory is on the left bank of the Main river, at the river's southernmost curve. Kitzingen is upriver, while downriver are Ochsenfurt and Würzburg.

Marktbreit is on the southwestern edge of the district, where it borders on the districts of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim and Würzburg.

The town has two "Stadtteile": Marktbreit and Gnodstadt.

The municipality borders on (from the north clockwise): Marktsteft, Obernbreit, Martinsheim, Oberickelsheim, Ochsenfurt, Frickenhausen am Main and Segnitz.

Eclipse

An eclipse is an astronomical event. It is when one object in the sky moves into the shadow of another such object. When an eclipse happens within a system of stars, like the Solar System, it makes a type of syzygy. This means that three or more objects in the sky are lined up in a straight line in the same gravitational system.

The term "eclipse" is most often used to describe a "solar eclipse", when the Moon's shadow crosses the Earth's surface, or a "lunar eclipse", when the Moon moves into the shadow of Earth. No solar eclipse can last longer than 7 minutes and 58 seconds because of the speed at which the Earth and Moon move. 

When the Sun is not involved, the event is called occultation. 

The word comes from the ancient Greek noun ('), which is from the verb ('). This means "to cease (stop) to exist (be there)".

Lena Gercke

Lena Johanna Gercke is a model. She is the winner of the first cycle (season) of "Germany’s Next Topmodel" by Heidi Klum.

After a casting, Lena Gercke made it to the last 12 girls and eventually won the competition.


Twilight (novel series)

Twilight is a series of fantasy/romance books by Stephenie Meyer. A movie adaptation of "Twilight" came out in 2008, "" in 2009, "Eclipse" in 2010, and "Breaking Dawn," which was divided into two parts; the first part in 2011 and the second part in 2012.

Twilight is a book series with vampires and werewolves. It's by Stephenie Meyer.

In "Twilight", Bella moves from Phoenix, Arizona to Forks, Washington, to live with her father. She enrolls at Forks High School (which has a population of around 300 students). There she meets the Cullens, a family of vampires. However, because they believe it is not right, they do not drink human blood – they only drink animal blood. Because of this, they call themselves "vegetarians". They are described as beautiful and extremely pale, with golden eyes that turn black when they become thirsty. They are strong and can run very fast. Their skin is ice-cold. After becoming vampires, they do not physically change anymore. They do not grow older. When in the sun, they sparkle "like thousands of tiny diamonds were embedded in the surface," according to Bella in "Twilight".

Bella quickly falls in love with Edward Cullen, the youngest of the Cullens at 17 (though he was born in 1901). Bella is attached to him even after she finds out he is a vampire. Only Bella knows they are vampires, so she must tell no one of their existence.

One night, the Cullens are playing baseball, with Bella watching, when a smaller coven of vampires meets with them. These vampires are not vegetarians – they do drink human blood. James, one of the coven, attempts to attack Bella. However, he did not attack because he was outnumbered. 

Although James left Bella alive, he is a "tracker". That means he hunts down his prey and kills it, which he thinks of as a game. He plans on tracking Bella. She goes to Phoenix, Arizona to escape the deadly vampire, but he blackmails her into going to meet him. They meet at Bella's old dance studio, where Bella learns that her mother is still safe. James almost kills her, but the Cullens save her before she is dead. They kill James and get Bella safely to a hospital. The doctors tell her that she will make a full recovery in time, though she has broken her leg.

"New Moon" starts on September 13, Bella's 18th birthday. she had been dreading this day, because it would make her older than Edward, her vampire boyfriend. An incident happens at her birthday party, and Bella gets hurt. The fresh blood is too much for Jasper, the Cullen least committed to their diet, and he tries to attack her. Carlisle, the oldest vampire of the Cullens and the one most in control of himself, fixes her wound, and then Bella goes home.

Edward believes he is putting Bella in too much danger just by being around her. The Cullens leave, and Edward says goodbye to Bella after telling her that he does not love her anymore. Before leaving, he makes her promise not to do anything reckless, and then promises her that this would be the last time she saw him. She tries to follow him after he leaves, but ends up getting lost in the woods. She is found later that night by Sam Uley, a Quileute man from the nearby Indian reservation in La Push.

After that night, Bella goes into a depressed state. She does not talk to anyone, except to answer direct questions. She does not do anything except go to school and work. This is too much for her father, and he tells her that he is going to make her go to Florida to live with her mother. Bella protests this, and to make her father happy, she and her friend Jessica go to a movie.

After the movie, Bella has a delusion in which she hears Edward's voice clearly in her head. She "wakes up" after this. She decides to break her promise to him that she would not do anything stupid. She visits Jacob Black, her childhood friend, to see if he can fix up two motorcycles that she got for free. They quickly become friends. Jacob makes Bella happy for the first time since Edward left her.

When they ride the motorcycles for the first time, Bella hears Edward's voice again. She realizes that she hears it whenever she is in danger. She hears the delusion again when she meets Laurent, the other male in James' coven. He tells her that Victoria, James' mate, is out to seek revenge on Edward for killing James. He is about to kill Bella, when five large wolves chase him down and kill him.

Bella also learns of Sam Uley the day she first rides the motorcycle. Sam Uley and his "cult," as Jacob describes them, are cliff diving (jumping off the cliff in la Push into the water below, for fun). Jacob is scared that Sam is doing something to control the young men on he reservation. When Jacob suddenly breaks off their friendship, Bella suspects that Sam has gotten to him. When Jacob sees how upset Bella is over their broken friendship, he makes her guess that he is a werewolf, because he cannot tell anyone that, and also that it is dangerous for him to be around her. He tells Bella that Sam is a werewolf, and his cult was actually a pack of the werewolves in La Push. He says that their purpose is to keep their reservation safe and they call them selves "protectors", and reveals that they were the wolves she had seen who had chased down Laurent. He tells her that they are still trying to kill Victoria.

The werewolves are hunting Victoria one day, and Bella is alone on the beach in La Push. she decides to go cliff diving. She nearly drowns in the water, but Jacob saves her. Alice "sees" Bella jump off the cliff (Alice sees visions of the future) and goes to Forks to try to help Charlie with the loss. But she finds Bella still alive, and Bella is extremely happy at their reunion. 

Rosalie, the only Cullen who did not like Bella, tells Edward that Bella is dead. He plans to kill himself by going to Italy and asking the Volturi, vampire "royalty," to kill him. Bella and Alice go to Italy to show him that she is still alive. After barely escaping the Volturi, Edward, Alice, and Bella go back to Forks with the rest of the Cullens. They return to Forks, and Edward tells Bella that he was lying when he told her he did not love her, and that he would never leave her again. Bella takes the Cullens' votes, and everyone except Rosalie and Edward say she should join their family as a vampire (Rosalie had issues with becoming a vampire, and did not want Bella to make a choice she would regret; Edward was afraid that vampires had no soul or afterlife, and did not want Bella to lose her soul).

In "Eclipse", Jacob and Bella's friendship is shaken by the Cullens' return. Jacob will not visit Bella, or answer any of her telephone calls. This has Bella upset and wants to visit La Push, but she is still grounded for her sudden disappearance to Italy. Charlie blames Edward for Bella's depression, and restricted the time he spends at his house.

Charlie suddenly ungrounds Bella one day, and she is free to see Jacob. But when she plans one night to go see him, Edward has disabled her truck so she cannot go. He says that young werewolves are unsafe, that they can lose control and end up hurting those near them. Despite this, when he is away hunting, Bella goes to see Jacob.

Meanwhile, a string of murders are happening in Seattle, and the Cullens believe there is a "newborn" vampire loose in Seattle. However, as the number of murders increases, they begin to suspect an "army" of newborn vampires. Jasper tells Bella of his part in vampire wars in the South. He explained how vampires would create armies of newborn vampires to take control of cities, where there was more blood.

While Bella is away at the Cullens' one night, an intruder breaks into her house and steal some of her things, to get the scent of her blood. The Cullens do not know why or how this happened, but Bella realizes, the day of her graduation, that whoever had broken in was part of the newborn army in Seattle. He had taken her things so the others could find her.

When the werewolves find out about the newborn army, they decide to help the Cullens fight them. This greatly relieves Cullens, and the werewolves are excited about the fight. Alice, with her visions of the future, sees the newborns coming to a clearing near Forks to attack. To make sure Bella is safe, she is to go to a place in the mountains away from the fight. To make sure no one can follow her scent, Jacob Black carries her there. Edward and one of the younger werewolves would stay with her there while the battle goes on.

While the Cullens and werewolves fight in the clearing, Victoria and her "mate" Riley, follow Edward's scent to where he and Bella are. Edward kills Victoria, and he and the werewolf both help kill Riley. By the time they have done this, the fight in the clearing is over. But when one of the werewolves is attacked from behind by a newborn vampire who had been hiding, Jacob Black tries to rescue her, and gets hurt.

The Volturi arrive just after the fight is over. When the Volturi leave after a sort discussion with Cullens about what happened, Bella goes home, and then goes to visit Jacob. Bella tells him she loves him, but she loves Edward more, and cannot live without him. The epilogue is from Jacob's point of view. He receives an invitation to Bella and Edward's wedding and a note from Edward, saying that if he were in Jacob's place, he would have wanted the choice to go to the wedding. This angers Jacob, and he runs away as a werewolf, "letting Jacob Black disappear."

The book begins a few days before Bella and Edward's wedding. Jacob Black has still not returned after running away in the end of "Eclipse".

The wedding goes on as planned. Jacob Black unexpectedly returns at the wedding, and is happy to see Bella again. However, things go awry when Bella tells him she is going to have a "real honeymoon" with Edward. Jacob loses control of himself and almost phases into a werewolf. However, he is restrained by Seth, Sam and Edward.

Bella and Edward go on their honeymoon as planned, at Isle Esme, an island Carlisle bought and named after Esme. Things go as planned until Bella learns she is pregnant with Edward's child . They immediately go back to Forks, as the baby has vampire strength and is threatening Bella's life. Edward wishes for Carlisle to do an abortion. However, Bella and Rosalie refuse to let him, though the baby is draining all of Bella's strength.

When Jacob learns that Bella is "sick" at the Cullens' house, he thinks she is undergoing transformation into a vampire. He is overcome with anger, and runs to the Cullens' house, planning to kill them all. However, when he learns that Bella is pregnant with Edward's child, he goes back to La Push to tell the other werewolves. Believing that a vampire child would endanger all humans in the area, the rest of the pack plans to kill Bella and the child. However, Jacob refuses to let them. He breaks away from the pack and returns to the Cullens' house, to warn the Cullens and to help protect them. Leah and Seth Clearwater also break off from Sam's pack to join Jacob's pack.

When Bella's strength is almost completely gone, the Cullens realize that she may need vampire nourishment–blood. This turns out to help Bella gain back her strength, though the baby's kicks are getting stronger and threaten to break her ribs.

Later, Bella's placenta detaches in an accident, and the Cullens rush her to their makeshift delivery room. Rosalie leaves her side, unable to stand the smell of blood. Edward cuts the baby out of Bella's stomach while Jacob performs CPR. Edward successfully delivers the baby girl, Renesmee (who is half vampire, half human), but Bella is in critical condition with a broken spine and the bleeding wounds from Edward's surgery. After letting Bella hold Renesmee for a moment, Edward injects his venom directly into her heart and bites her several times as well. For the next three days, she becomes a vampire.

After Bella becomes a vampire, she goes on her first hunt with Edward. While hunting, she smells human blood and begins to track it. However, she stops herself and turns back. The Cullens realize that she has self-control that no newborn vampire has ever had. After this, Bella wants to see Renesmee. Jacob who imprinted on Renesmee, wants to test her before she gets near the baby. Bella passes the test and gets to hold Renesmee. While holding her, Bella finds out for the first time that Renesmee can show people her thoughts.

One day, Jacob, Renesmee, and Bella go to hunt in the forest. They see Irina, from the Denali coven. Irina came to make peace with the Cullen family for not fighting with them against Victoria. However, Irina sees Renesmee and thinks she is an "immortal child", a child who was turned into a vampire. These children are against the Volturi's laws, so Irina goes to tell the Volturi. Alice sees the Volturi coming to fight and she leaves because she knows that Aro, one of the Volturi, wants her more than anything. The Cullens spread out to find any vampires that could witness that Renesmee is not an immortal child and that she grows everyday. Bella asks Edward to teach her how to fight. In this process she learns that her superpower is being a shield. This means that she can protect others from other vampire powers.

When the Volturi come, all the vampire witnesses tell them that Renesmee is not an "immortal child." They leave them in peace and the Cullens continue into their blissful peace of forever .

The story tells Bree Tanner’s life as a newborn vampire and her connection with the other newborn vampires turned by Victoria in order to kill Bella. Bree makes friends, with sort of love interest with Diego, another vampire of the group, since both of them feel that they have been used and have doubts about the real intentions of their leader, plus: her vision is different and bloodless than other newborn vampires. Diego mysteriously disappears, leaving Bree even more confused and disconcert. Through the road, Bree makes friends with Riley, a relegated vampire, because of his power to release a terrible smell which upset other newborns. He will convince her to participate into the battle, leading her to a terrible end in hands of the Volturi who we will get to know through Eclipse history.

Isabella Marie Swan was born on September 13, 1987 to Renée and Charlie Swan, a young couple living in the small town of Forks, Washington. Bella's parents divorced when Bella was six months old, and Renée took Bella with her when she moved to Phoenix, Arizona. She is the main character of the series. She leaves Phoenix, Arizona, to live with her father, Charlie, in Forks, Washington. Her mother, Charlie's ex-wife, had recently remarried to a minor league baseball player named Phil Dwyer. Because he played baseball, they were almost constantly traveling, and Bella felt like she was getting in the way. In Forks, Bella falls in love with Edward. In "Breaking Dawn", Bella is transformed into a vampire and has a special talent called "shield." The series revolves around the romance between Bella and Edward.

She has pale skin, brown eyes, and brown hair. She is extremely clumsy and non-athletic, and has a string of bad luck. Felix from the Volturi says in Breaking Dawn: "Immortality suits you...". She describes herself as never being the best at anything and never winning prizes as there were not any for reading books. She also hates anything to do with birthdays and expressing her feelings. She does not like being center of attention and hates her first days at Forks as it's a small town and nothing very interesting happens so she becomes the center of attention.

Charlie Swan is Isabella's father and he is the ex-husband of Bella's mother, Renee. He is the Chief of Police in Forks were he has resided alone since Bella was an infant. His hobbies include fishing and watching football games on television. Charlie is a very reserved person and does not hover over his daughter, Bella. He is good friends with Billy Black, Jacob`s father.
Charlie is weary of Edward and later favors Jacob over Edward. After he is told that Jacob was seriously injured while riding a motorcycle, Charlie changes his mind and sees Edward in a more favorable light. Charlie is over-protective of Bella and it would crush him inside if anything serious ever happened to Bella. He is embarressed when talking about feelings and Bella has inherited most of his core traits.

Edward Cullen is the youngest (physically) of the Cullens, at 17. He resists killing Bella even though her blood smells extremely appetizing to him. He has bronze hair and "liquid topaz" eyes. Like all vampires, he has extremely pale skin that sparkles in the sunlight, and can run at very high speeds (the fastest in his coven/family). He can also read people's minds. However, he cannot read Bella's mind.He feels that she is an enigma to him.He loves her more than his life and would like to give her everything present in this world.

He was born in 1901, in Chicago, Illinois, to his mother Elizabeth Masen. As a young man during World War I, he wanted to join the army. However, during an epidemic of the Spanish Influenza, his mother and father died and he became very sick. Carlisle, already a vampire, was working in the hospital at the time, and cared for Edward's mother as she died. Just before she died, she asked him to save Edward's life in the way "others do not have", and Carlisle wondered if she knew his secret. He took both Edward and his dead mother to the hospital morgue, and then he took Edward home and turned him into a vampire.

Jacob Black is a Quileute who lives on the nearby Indian reservation who knew Bella as a child. In the first book, Bella uses him to find out about the Cullens. He tells her the tribe's legends, unknowingly breaking the old treaty between the werewolves and vampires. He does not believe the legends are true.

In "New Moon", Bella becomes friends with Jacob after Edward leaves her. Their friendship becomes troubled when Jacob turns into a werewolf. He is told not to see Bella, because if he loses his temper, he will transform into a wolf and could end up hurting her if she is too close by. However, when Bella tells him that there is a vampire hunting her, he realizes that leaving her alone would be more dangerous than staying away from her. Bella visits Jacobs house and his father says he is not in. Bella refuses and bursts in and sees him sleeping. Bella then peers out the window and can see Jacobs ' Tribe Mates'. Troubled by what they had done, she storms outside yelling, "Sam". One of the pack gets ratty and Bella loses it, giving him a hard slap round the face. One of the other pack members told her to run. The werewolf Bella slaps gets so angry he turns into a werewolf. Jacob wakes up just in time.

In "Eclipse", Jacob openly tells Bella that he loves her even if she does not love him back. He eventually gets Bella to kiss him, finding out that she loves him too, but not as much as she loves Edward. At the end of "Eclipse", Jacob runs away to Canada to escape from his troubled human life and does not return until Bella's wedding in "Breaking Dawn" where he becomes overwhelmingly jealous of Edward and Bella's wedding and attempts to pick a fight. When Bella goes through "changes", he fights for her life as she dies while finding his place in the werewolf pack. In the end he imprints on Bella's daughter, Renesmee.

In all books, Jacob is a strong and true friend to Bella and an enemy to Edward. He loves Bella in each book, at different degrees. 
Renesmee is the daughter of Bella and Edward. Her name "Renesmee" is a cross between the names Renee and Esme. "Carlie" is a cross between Charlie and Carlisle. Her nickname is Nessie. Though Bella disapproves of this name at first (because "Nessie" is the nickname of the Loch Ness Monster) she comes to accept it.

Half-vampire, she has vampire strength which threatens Bella's life during the pregnancy. Despite the danger to her life, Bella does not let Carlisle perform an abortion. Even in Bella's womb, Renesmee did not like to eat human food; Bella had to drink blood to feed her. Towards the end of the pregnancy, Edward began to hear Renesmee's thoughts from inside Bella, and found out that she already loved her mother, and tried not to hurt her. This made Bella even more determined to see the pregnancy through.

Renesmee grows more quickly and rapidly than human children. She was born only a few weeks after being conceived and continued to grow rapidly after being born. However, she will stop aging once she reaches full growth (the Cullen family discover this when they meet Nahuel, a half-human, half-vampire boy who is almost a century old). Renesmee has a special talent, like her parents; she has the ability to show her memories to whomever she touches. As an infant, she uses this ability to talk to people. She is very important to Bella and Edward as they do not know whether she will be able to live as a vampire or a human.

The son of an Anglican pastor, Carlisle was raised during a time of religious persecution. His father led hunts for witches, werewolves, and vampires all in the name of ridding the world of evil. As his father grew older, Carlisle was placed in charge of the raids. Carlisle wasn’t as enthusiastic about killing as his father was, but he was clever enough to discover a coven of true vampires living in the sewers of the city. He set a trap for the vampires and chased one down. Carlisle believes that the vampire was actually too hungry to run and consciously decided to attack. The vampire fell on Carlisle and left him bleeding in the streets after killing two other men and taking off with a third. Knowing how his father would react, Carlisle crawled into a cellar and buried himself in rotting potatoes for the three days of the change. When he emerged, he was a vampire. At first he tried to destroy himself by jumping from great heights or drowning in the ocean. Somehow, he was so repelled by what he was that he resisted feeding off of humans. He even tried to kill himself with starvation.Eventually the thirst was too powerful and he attacked a herd of passing deer. He found that living off of the blood of animals could sustain his life and was infinitely more humane than taking the life of a human. Over the course of two centuries, he developed a sort of immunity to the scent of human blood and was able to become a medical doctor. Carlisle is the one who changes Edward, Esme, Rosalie and Emmett into vampire. He is immune to blood now and therefore can be in a room covered in blood and not attack. Carlisle also spent some time working with the Volturi.


Karl Popper

Sir Karl Popper CH FRS FBA (28 July 1902 – 17 September 1994) was an Austrian and British philosopher and a professor at the London School of Economics.

He is considered one of the most influential philosophers of science of the 20th century. He also wrote on social and political philosophy, especially the evils of totalitarian ideas and politics. Popper is known for the idea of empirical falsification.

Karl Popper was born in Vienna (then in Austria-Hungary) in 1902 to middle-class parents of Jewish origins, both of whom had converted to Christianity. Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna. His father had 12,000–14,000 volumes in his personal library. 
In 1919, he became attracted to Marxism. He joined the Association of Socialist School Students and also became a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria, which was at that time a party that fully adopted the Marxist ideology. He soon stopped believing in Marxism, and was a supporter of social liberalism for the rest of his life.

Popper, brought up in Vienna, was well aware of the Vienna Circle. That school of logical positivism, led by Moritz Schlick, defined knowledge (especially scientific knowledge) as being propositions which could be verified. Popper thought this was quite wrong. In his opinion, science grew indirectly, by wrong ideas being "falsified". This he worked up in great detail in a series of books, of which "The logic of scientific discovery" is the most famous. All philosophy of science since then has had to deal with this issue, the "criterion". By 'criterion' is meant: what is it that makes a theory truly scientific, as opposed to simply common sense or opinion?

Popper's work on political philosophy is also of great importance. Marx claimed knowledge of an historical process, where societies evolved from one state to another, until they reached a final state. This type of thought is known as 'historicism'. Popper argued that the growth of human knowledge partly causes the evolution of human history. Since "no society can predict its own future states of knowledge", it follows that no science can predict human history.

Popper's great works in defence of the liberal society were "The open society and its enemies" and "The poverty of historicism". His allies in this struggle were Friedrich Hayek, Ludwig von Mises and Milton Friedman.

Although Popper was an advocate of toleration, he thought intolerance should not be tolerated. If tolerance allowed intolerance to succeed completely, tolerance itself would be threatened. In "The open society and its enemies: The spell of Plato", he argued that:

The Three Worlds Doctrine was invented by Popper and is used in philosophy to understand the condition in which we find ourselves as human beings.

It assumes the existence of three worlds. They are




This way of looking at reality is used by many philosophers to explain the relationship between the physical and spiritual worlds.

It was first described by the Austrian-British philosopher Karl Popper in a lecture given in August 1967.




Eclipse (disambiguation)

Eclipse can be any of the following:


Castle (disambiguation)

A castle is a fortified structure used to defend a territory.

Castle or Castles can mean:





The Castle may also refer to:


The Warriors

The Warriors can mean:



Eliot Spitzer

Eliot Laurence Spitzer (born June 10, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the New York State Attorney General before becoming Governor of New York in 2007.

Spitzer resigned as Governor of New York on March 17, 2008 because of a prostitution incident. Spitzer's lieutenant governor, David Paterson, became Governor. Spitzer hosted "In the Arena "on the Cable News Network (CNN). He was hired by CNN President Jonathan Klein to co-host a different program along with a conservative debating him called Parker Spitzer. The other co-host left, and the show was renamed In the Arena. The show was cancelled by CNN in 2011.

Banda

Banda can be any of the following:




Arena, Wisconsin

Arena is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, USA. There were 685 people living in the village of Arena as of the 2000 census. The village of Arena can be found inside of the town of Arena. The village has an area of 1.1 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.


List of rivers of Wisconsin

The following is a list of rivers in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, by letter:


List of rivers of Africa

The following is a list of rivers of Africa, by region.







Community Identification Number

The Official Municipality Key, which used to be called the "Official Municipality Characteristic Number" or "Municipality Code Number", is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas. 

In Germany the Official Municipality Key has statistical goals and is given by the statistics offices of individual German states. The municipality key is given in times like moving house on the notice of some documents.

The municipality key has eight digits, which are set like this: The first two numbers tell people what the German state is. The third number say the government district (in areas without government districts a zero is used instead). The fourth and fifth numbers show people the number of the urban area (in a city without districts) or the district (in a city with districts). The sixth, seventh, and eighth numbers show the municipality or the number of the municipality-free area. 

08 1 11 000: Stuttgart


15 3 52 002: Aschersleben




In Austria the municipality key has five digits which are chosen like this: The first number shows the number of the Austrian state, the second and third numbers show the district, and the fourth and fifth numbers show the municipality.

3 25 21: Rappottenstein


9 07 01: Vienna – Neubau




The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics makes code numbers with up to four digits, which are given in the order chosen with the official order of the cantons, districts, and municipalities in Switzerland.

Volta

Volta can be any of the following:




List of rivers of Alabama

The following is a list of rivers of Alabama, by letter:

List of rivers of Alaska

The following is a list of rivers in Alaska:


List of rivers of Arizona

This is a list of rivers in Arizona:


List of rivers of Arkansas

This is a list of rivers in Arkansas:


List of rivers of California

The following is a list of rivers in California, by location:

Rivers and streams between the Oregon border and Humboldt Bay that empty into the Pacific Ocean: 


Rivers and streams between Humboldt Bay and the Golden Gate that empty into the Pacific Ocean: 

Streams that empty into San Francisco Bay or its tributary bays, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Pacific Ocean between the Golden Gate and Point Arguello, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Pacific Ocean southeast of Point Arguello, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Gulf of California:

Rivers that empty into the Salton Sea:

Rivers in the Great Basin:

Hexadecimal

The hexadecimal numeral system, often shortened to "hex", is a numeral system made up of 16 symbols (base 16). The standard numeral system is called decimal (base 10) and uses ten symbols: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9. Hexadecimal uses the decimal numbers and six extra symbols. There are no numerical symbols that represent values greater than nine, so letters taken from the English alphabet are used, specifically A, B, C, D, E and F (as ann, bet, chris, dot, ernest and frost). Hexadecimal A = decimal 10, and hexadecimal F = decimal 15. 

Humans mostly use the decimal (base 10) system where each digit can have one of ten values between zero and ten. This is probably because humans have ten fingers on their hands. Computers generally represent numbers in binary (base 2). In binary, each "binary digit" is called a bit and can only have one of two values: one or zero. Since a single bit's two possible values represents one fifth the information potentially conveyed by of decimal digit's ten possible values, binary representations of integer values can require many more (binary) bits than decimal digits. 

For example, the three digit decimal value 219 requires eight bits to be represented in binary (11011011). Humans find reading, remembering, and typing long strings of bits inconvenient. Hexadecimal allows groups of four bits to be more conveniently represented by a single "hex" digit, so the eight bit binary value 11011011 only requires two hexadecimal digits "DB." 

Computer memory is organized as an array of strings of bits called bytes. On modern computers, each byte generally contains eight bits, which can be conveniently be represented as two hexadecimal digits. Engineers and computer scientists frequently refer to each of these four-bit values as a nibble (sometimes spelled nybble, see computer jargon).

To avoid confusion with decimal, octal or other numbering systems, hexadecimal numbers are sometimes written with a "h" after or "0x" before the number. For example, 63h and 0x63 mean 63 hexadecimal. 

Unlike modern computers, many early computers had six-bit bytes. Programmers of those systems typically used an alternate bit grouping scheme called octal. Each octal digit efficiently represents three bits, and a six-bit byte can be represented as two octal digits. Three bits, each being on or off, can represent the eight numbers from 0 to 7: 000 = 0; 001 = 1; 010 = 2; 011 = 3; 100 = 4; 101 = 5; 110 = 6 and 111 = 7.

Hexadecimal is similar to the octal numeral system (base 8) because each can be easily compared to the binary numeral system. Hexadecimal uses a four-bit binary coding. This means that each digit in hexadecimal is the same as four digits in binary. Octal uses a three-bit binary system. 

In the decimal system, the first digit is the "one's" place, the next digit to the left is the "ten's" place, the next is the "hundred's" place, etc. In hexadecimal, each digit can be 16 values, not 10. This means the digits have the "one's" place, the "sixteen's" place, and the next one is the "256's" place. So 1h = 1 decimal, 10h = 16 decimal, and 100h = 256 in decimal.

Example values of hexadecimal numbers converted into binary, octal and decimal.

Changing a number from binary to hex uses a grouping method. The binary number is separated into groups of four digits starting from the right. These groups are then converted to hexadecimal digits as shown in the chart above for the hexadecimal numbers 0 through F. To change from hexadecimal, the reverse is done. The hex digits are each changed to binary and the grouping is usually removed. 
When the quantity of bits in a binary numbers is not a multiple of 4, it is padded with zeros to make it so. Examples:


To convert a number from hexadecimal to decimal, there are two common ways.

The first method is more commonly done when converting it manually:


The next method is more commonly done when converting a number in software. It does not need to know how many digits the number has before it starts, and it never multiplies by more than 16, but it looks longer on paper.

Example: 5Fh and 3425h to decimal, method 1
Example: 5Fh and 3425h to decimal, method 2

List of rivers of Colorado

The following is a list of rivers and streams in the American State of Colorado, by letter:


List of rivers of Albania

The following is a list of Albanian rivers, by letter:

List of rivers of Antarctica

The following is a list of rivers of Antarctica.


Battle of Tannenberg (1914)

The Battle of Tannenberg was a decisive engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I. It was fought by the Russian First and Second Armies and the German Eighth Army between 17 August and 2 September 1914. The battle ended with the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army.

The battle took place near Allenstein. The Germans named it after Tannenberg. They wanted to express that they had made good their defeat at the medieval Battle of Tannenberg or (Grunwald). In that 1410 battle the Lithuanians finally defeated the Teutonic Knights.



List of rivers of Argentina

The following is an incomplete list of rivers in Argentina, by letter:


List of rivers of Asia

The following is a list of the major rivers of Asia, by letter. See the articles for tributaries and other information.


List of rivers of Assam

This is a list of rivers in Assam, India:

















List of rivers of Australia

The following is a list of rivers in Australia, by letter:
A
B
C

D
E
F
G
H
I

J
K

L
M
N
O

P
Q
R
S
T
V
W
Y

Erich Ludendorff

Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff (sometimes given as von Ludendorff) (April 9, 1865 – December 20, 1937) was a German Army officer, "Generalquartiermeister" during World War I, victor of Liège, and, with Paul von Hindenburg, one of the victors of the battle of Tannenberg. 

After the war, he briefly supported Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. He was not found guilty for his role in the Nazis' unsuccessful Beer Hall Putsch. He became disillusioned with politics and retired from public life that year.


List of rivers of Austria

This is a list of rivers in Austria:


List of rivers of Bangladesh

This is a list of rivers in Bangladesh, by letter, with some Bangladeshi names given for some of the rivers; there are at least 31 known rivers of Bangladesh:


List of rivers of Delaware

This is a list of rivers in Delaware, by type and letter:



List of rivers of Florida

This is a list of rivers in Florida, by region:

Major rivers
Minor coastal rivers


Major rivers
Minor coastal rivers

Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867

The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 (, ) established the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary. It was signed by Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria and a Hungarian delegation led by "Ferenc Deák". The compromise followed a series of failed constitutional reforms of the Habsburg Empire. 

The Hungarian nobles wanted and got the Emperor's coronation as King of Hungary. This showed Hungary's historic presence. A separate parliament at Budapest was created. It could make laws for the lands of the Hungarian crown.

Franz Joseph I of Austria

Emperor Franz Joseph I or Emperor Francis Joseph I (, , ) (Slovene : Franc Jozef Karel) (Croatian : Franjo Josip Karlo) (Czech : Frantisek Josef Karel) (Romanian : Francisc Iosif Carol) (August 18, 1830 – November 21, 1916) of the Habsburg Dynasty was Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, King of Bohemia from 1848 until 1916 and also served as President of the German Confederation from 1850-1866. 

His nephew Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria would have been his successor but he was assassinated. Wars during the reign of Franz Joseph included the Second Italian War Of Independence (1859), the Austro-Prussian War (1866), the Third Italian War Of Independence (1866) and the 1899-1901 Boxer Rebellion. He died during World War 1. Charles I of Austria became emperor in 1916 and reigned from 1916-1918.

Franz Joseph's 68-year reign is the third-longest in the history of continental Europe (after those of Louis XIV of France and Ioannes II, Prince of Liechtenstein).


Cantuta

A cantuta ("Cantua buxifolia") is a type of a flower. It is most commonly found in Central and South America. The cantuta is the national flower of both Peru and Bolivia. 

Mie Prefecture

Mie prefecture was created by merging the area of Ise Province, Shima Province, Iga Province and Kii Province.

In 1871, the area from the Kisosansen River in the north to the city of Tsu became Anōtsu Prefecture. The area south of Tsu became Watarai Prefecture. In 1876, Anōtsu Prefecture and Watarai Prefecture joined to become Mie Prefecture.

Mie has four dialects: Iga, Ise, Shima, and Kisyuu.

Mie Prefecture is on the eastern side of the Kii Peninsula. The prefectures that surround Mie are Aichi Prefecture, Gifu Prefecture, Shiga Prefecture, Kyoto Prefecture, Nara Prefecture, and Wakayama Prefecture. 

There are fourteen cities in Mie Prefecture:
About 35% of the total land area of the prefecture is National Parks.

"Aekuni jinja", "Tsubaki jinja", and "Izawa jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 

Tree of Life

Tree of life may mean:



WWE Studios

WWE Studios (formerly known as WWE Films) is a World Wrestling Entertainment movie and television production company that is starring, produced or directed by WWE talent.


776 Berbericia

776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. This main-belt asteroid was found by A. Massinger at Heidelberg January 24, 1914. It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich (1861-1920), a German astronomer.

In the late 1990s, a network of astronomers worldwide gathered lightcurve data that was mostly used to conclude the spin states and shape models of 10 new asteroids, including (776) Berbericia.

Richard P. Binzel and Schelte Bus added more to the knowledge about this asteroid in a lightwave survey published in 2003. This project was known as Small Main-belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey, Phase II or SMASSII, which built on a previous survey of the main-belt asteroids. The visible-wavelength (0.435-0.925 micron) spectra data was gathered between August 1993 and March 1999.


Chris Benoit

Christopher Michael Benoit (May 21, 1967 - June 24, 2007) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was first noticed in the United States when he started wrestling for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) in 1994. He would later go to World Championship Wrestling (WCW) the next year. Within a year, he became a member of the Four Hoursemen (with Ric Flair, Arn Anderson, and Brian Pillman). He joined the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, later renameed WWE) in January 2000. In January 2004, Benoit won the 30 man Royal Rumble match which allowed him to main event WrestleMania. He would go on to win the World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania XX on March 14, 2004.

On June 24, 2007, Chris Benoit committed suicide by hanging after murdering his wife and son. Their dead bodies were found on June 25. Benoit's father, Michael Benoit, says that Benoit had brain damage. Benoit was also believed to have been on several different medications to aid his in ring performance, sleep, and pain. According to ESPN, "Benoit's body contained 10 times the normal level of testosterone, as well as amounts of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax and the painkiller hydrocodone, authorities said.The testosterone, a synthetic version of the primary male sex hormone, is considered an anabolic steroid. The state's top medical examiner said it appeared to have been injected shortly before Benoit died." It is a speculation which Benoit may have dealt with Roid-Rage, and this could have set him off the rails along with other trauma issues to the brain as well. This is what caused Benoit to kill his family. Because brain damage can be caused by concussions, WWE no longer allows wrestlers to hit each other in the head with steel chairs. Mentions of his name were also banned thereafter (although his name is still listed in title histories on WWE's website, and he is still shown in their video library on Peacock/WWE Network).




<br>

Glitch

A glitch is something that goes wrong in a computer system, usually in games. This is also sometimes called a "bug". Sometimes when a glitch happens on a computer, a message appears, telling the user that something went wrong.


Jack (Tekken)

Jack is a character in the "Tekken" series. He has many successors since Jack bots are usually destroyed.

Jack is the first robot in the Jack-bot series. It is unknown how it was destroyed. Jack was sent to get rid of Kazuya. Jack, unlike Jack-2, Gun Jack and Prototype Jack, did not appear in Tekken Tag Tournament making him the only Jack robot (before Jack-5) not to appear in more than one game.

Jack-2 is the second robot in the Jack series. He is an upgrade of the original Jack robot and was sent out to enter The King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 to save his creator and friend, Jane from the evil Kazuya Mishima. In his ending, Jane and Jack-2 are playing on an island together. Suddenly, Jack-2 gets shot by a laser from a satellite up in space that Doctor Abel uses to destroy Jack-2. 

Gun Jack is the third Jack robot. There was no Jack-3 created.

Jack-5 was not in any Tekken game as a playable character, but he can be seen in the Tekken 5 opening movie (these Jacks are sent to kill Heihachi Mishima).

Jack-X has been appeared in Street Fighter X Tekken.

Jack-6 has been appeared in Tekken 6.

Jack-7 has been appeared in Tekken 7.

Subsonic

Subsonic can be the following:


In computing:

My Little Lover

My Little Lover is a Japanese pop group. The group was started in 1995 with three members. Only one person is still in the group. Akko (Real name is Akiko Nakamatsu. 赤松亜希子) is the only member.



My Little Lover Web Wonderland(Japanese) 

Beaufort County, North Carolina

Beaufort County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 44,652 people lived there. Its county seat is Washington.

Beaufort County is part of the Mid-East Commission.

These counties are connected to Beaufort County:

These cities and towns are in Beaufort County:

Bertie County, North Carolina

Bertie County (said like BURT-TEE) is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 17,934 people lived there. Its county seat is Windsor.

Bertie County is part of the Mid-East Commission local council of governments.

These counties are connected to Bertie County:

These cities and towns are in Bertie County:


Bladen County, North Carolina

Bladen County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 29,606 people lived there. Its county seat is Elizabethtown.

Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Bladen County:

These cities and towns are in Bladen County:


Brunswick County, North Carolina

Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 136,693 people lived there. Its county seat is Bolivia.

The county was made in 1764 from parts of Bladen County and New Hanover County.

Brunswick County is part of the local Cape Fear Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Brunswick County:

These cities and towns are in Brunswick County:


Buncombe County, North Carolina

Buncombe County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 269,452 people lived there. Its county seat is Asheville.

The county was made in 1791 from parts of Burke County and Rutherford County.

In 1808 the western part of Buncombe County was made into Haywood County. In 1833 parts of Burke County and Buncombe County were combined to make Yancey County, and in 1838 the southern part of Buncombe County was made into Henderson County. In 1851 parts of Buncombe County and Yancey County were combined to make Madison County. And, in 1925 a small part of McDowell County was made into a part of Buncombe County.

Buncombe County is part of the local Land-of-Sky Regional Council of governments.

These are the most important roads in Buncombe County:

These counties are connected to Buncombe County:

These cities and towns are in Buncombe County:


List of rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of rivers in Georgia (U.S. state):


List of rivers of Hawaii

This is a list of rivers and streams in Hawaii:

Alph River

The Alph River is a river in Antarctica. The river was named by Griffith Taylor during the British Antarctic Expedition from a poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The Xanadu Hills that are close by are also named after this poem.

Escapology

Escapology is the practice of escaping from restraints or other traps. Escapologists (also called escape artists) escape from handcuffs, straitjackets, cages, steel boxes, barrels, bags, burning buildings, fish-tanks and other such traps, usually doing more than one of these at once. One well-known escapologist is Harry Houdini.


Burke County, North Carolina

Burke County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 87,570 people lived there. Its county seat is Morganton.

The county was made in 1777 from Rowan County. In 1791 parts of Burke County and Rutherford County were made into Buncombe County. In 1833 parts of Burke County and Buncombe County were made into Yancey County. In 1841 parts of Burke County and Wilkes County were made into Caldwell County. In 1842 more parts of Burke County and Rutherford County were made into McDowell County. And in 1861 parts of Burke County, Caldwell County, McDowell County, Watauga County, and Yancey County were made into Mitchell County.

Burke County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Burke County:

These cities and towns are in Burke County:


Rezovski Creek

Rezovski Creek (Bulgarian: "Rezovski Potok" \'re-zov-ski po-'tok\) is a melt-water stream that can be found in Livingston Island, Antarctica. It is 500 meters long. It flows through the northwestern slope of the Balkan Snowfield found between Hesperides Hill, Atlantic Club Ridge, Krum Rock and Sinemorets Hill in eastern Livingston Island.


Raidió Teilifís Éireann

Raidió Teilifís Éireann, known as RTÉ, is an Irish public service broadcaster. It both produces and broadcasts programmes on television, radio and online. The radio service began on 1 January 1926, while regular television broadcasts began on 31 December 1961, making it one of the oldest continuously operating public service broadcasters in the world. It is headquartered in Donnybrook in Dublin, with offices across different parts of Ireland.

In the Republic of Ireland, RTÉ One and RTÉ2 are RTÉ's flagship channels.

RTÉ's programme "The Late Late Show", is the longest running chat show in the world.

RTÉ Radio has four stations. There are also many digital stations.


RTÉ has many other services.

The "RTÉ Performing Groups" are five classical musical groups. They include:


RTE

RTE may refer to:


Onyx River

The Onyx River is a meltwater stream that flows to the west through the Wright Valley between the Wright Lower Glacier to Lake Vanda. The Onyx River is one of the sites studied by the US Antarctic Program of the National Science Foundation. It is the longest river in Antarctica. It is 32 kilometers long.

Wailua River

The Wailua River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is very active and gets attention from people visiting Hawaii. It is also the only river that a vessel bigger than a boat can travel up.

Waimea River (Kauai)

The Waimea River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is about long. Lots of people used to live in the valleys of the Waimea River and its tributary, the Makaweli River.

Cabarrus County, North Carolina

Cabarrus County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 225,804 people lived there. Its county seat is Concord.

The county was made in 1792 from Mecklenburg County.

Cabarrus County is part of the local Centralina Council of Governments.

The Cabarrus County Schools runs all the public schools in the county except for parts of Kannapolis, which has its own school district.

The county also has Barber-Scotia College, the Cabarrus College of Health Sciences (a four-year college), and a branch of Rowan-Cabarrus Community College. UNC Charlotte is in Mecklenburg County but is close Cabarrus and is easy to get to by driving on Interstate 85.

These counties are connected to Cabarrus County:

These cities and towns are in Cabarrus County:

The county is home to Lowe's Motor Speedway, which has three NASCAR events every year (the NASCAR All-Star Challenge, the Coca-Cola 600, and the Bank of America 500).


ZX Spectrum

Sinclair's company produced seven different ZX computers, but other companies had deals with Sinclair Research to build their own version of ZX computers. The biggest of those companies was the American electronics manufacturer Timex who produced three different ZX based computers. Timex were selling between 18,000 and 20,000 of the ZX Spectrum based home computer every month by June 1981 but the Timex computer did not work properly so they had to stop selling them in 1983. Timex were the manufacturers who made most of the Sinclair Research ZX for Europe but the European versions worked correctly. The Sinclair Research version of ZXs were made until 1990 but other companies around the world copied the ZX and made many versions after that. When Sinclair Research stopped making the ZX Spectrum there had been more than 10,000 different games available and lots of peripheral equipment. Some companies still sell new games for the ZX.
















Home computer

A home computer is the name given to early personal computers made in the 1970s and 1980s that could be plugged into a television set. They were used for playing video games and doing school work and were usually owned by teenagers. At that time, most adults did not own a computer at all.

Typically, home computers can produce colored graphics, have several sound channels and a keyboard. They use a tape recorder or floppy disk drive to load and store programs. Optionally, home computers may be used with a printer, a game cartridge, a modem, joysticks and a mouse. Many of them display an interactive BASIC prompt at start-up.

Home computers were made possible through the introduction of the microprocessor in the early 1970s. It made computers small, affordable, reliable and power efficient enough that they could be used in homes.

In contrast to home computers, computers used by businesses were either bulky minicomputers or gigantic mainframes. Those computers came with much more memory, with hard disks, one or more computer terminals and a proper operating system. However, such machines needed a lot of space, were very noisy and also were far too expensive for private consumers at the time.


Z80

The Z80 microchip was one of the most popular CPU microchips for computers in the 1980s. The Z80 was created by the Zilog company in 1976. Zilog made less than 50% of all Z80s. They are made by Sharp (company), Toshiba, NEC and many other manufacturers around the world. As of 2010, it is still manufactured for use in embedded systems.


Caldwell County, North Carolina

Caldwell County is a county in the state of North Carolina. In 2020, 80,652 people lived there. Its county seat is Lenoir.

The county was made in 1841 from parts of Burke County and Wilkes County.

In 1847 parts of Caldwell County, Iredell County, and Wilkes County were put together to make Alexander County. In 1849 parts of Caldwell County, Ashe County, Wilkes County, and Yancey County were put together to make Watauga County. In 1861, parts of Caldwell County, Burke County, McDowell County, Watauga County, and Yancey County were put together to make Mitchell County. And in 1911 parts of Caldwell County, Mitchell County, and Watauga County were put together to make Avery County.

Caldwell County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Caldwell County:

These cities and towns are in Caldwell County:


Sinclair Research Ltd

Sinclair Research Ltd. is a business company who sells inventions. They are known for making new technology for a low price. They specialise in transport devices like wheelchairs, scooters and underwater scooters. They invented a wheelchair that can raise the passenger up on two wheels and climb up stairs.






Hipparchus

Hipparchus (greek 


Hipparchus was the first Greek whose quantitative and accurate models for the motion of the Sun and Moon survive. To do this, he used the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the Chaldeans from Babylonia. He had a trigonometric table. It looks like he solved some problems of spherical trigonometry with the table. With his solar and lunar theories and his trigonometry, he was perhaps the first to develop a reliable method to predict solar eclipses. His other well-known achievements include the discovery of precession, and the compilation of the Hipparchus Catalog, the first comprehensive star catalog of the western world.

He might also have invented the astrolabe, and the armillary sphere which first appeared during his century and which he used in making the star catalog. It would be three centuries before Claudius Ptolemaeus' synthesis of astronomy would make the work of Hipparchus obsolete; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas.

Craters on the Moon and on Mars are named for Hipparchus, as are an asteroid and the Hipparcos satellite.

Battle of Verdun

The Battle of Verdun was a battle of the First World War. It started when the German Fifth Army attacked French positions, near Verdun, on February 21, 1916. It ended on December 18 of that year but the front line had not changed very much. Both sides lost about 337,000 soldiers each. Never before was industrialisation so visible in war. They also speak about the "Hell of Verdun" or the "Blood pump". The Battle of Verdun is considered the biggest and longest in world history.

Never before or since has there been such a long battle, involving so many men, fought on such a tiny piece of land. There were many attacks and counterattacks; one small village changed hands 16 times. The battle, which lasted from 21 February 1916 until 19 December 1916, caused over an estimated 700,000 casualties (dead, wounded and missing). About 300,000 died. The battlefield was not even a square ten kilometres. From a strategic point of view, there can be no justification for these terrible losses. The battle lowered into a matter of prestige for the two nations, and started being fought for the sake of fighting and honor, according to German command Paul Von Hindenburg.

The French commander, Marshall Philippe Pétain, used a system of rotation by which every division in France fought for a short time at Verdun. After the battle the landscape was left as one of the worst battlegrounds on all of France, filled with craters of the artillery, the trenches, the odor left by the dead, etc. During the battle the chief of the German General Staff, Erich Von Falkenhayn, was relieved from duty and sent to lead a joint Austrian, German and Bulgarian attack on Romania, leaving Paul Von Hindenburg as Chief of Staff.

Bank of America Tower

The Bank of America Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 452.4 meters (1,484 feet) tall and has 101 floors. It was built in 2003. It is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



The New York Times Building

The New York Times Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is tall and has 52 floors. It was built in 2007 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world. The architect of the building is Renzo Piano.



GameShark

A GameShark is a cheating device for console video game systems and Microsoft Windows computers. It lets the player of a video game do things that the game does not normally let players do, like walk through walls or have unlimited items. To use it, players load cheat codes through a disk or cartridge, then load the game to use them.

70 Pine Street

70 Pine Street (also the American International Building) is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is a 67-floors, 952-foot (290 m) office building located at the corner of Pearl Street and running to Cedar Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States. It was built in 1932 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world




King penguin

The king penguin ("Aptenodytes patagonicus") is a type of penguin. It is the second largest species of penguin, as it is smaller and shorter than the emperor penguin.

King penguins are usually 70 centimeters (0.7 meters/30 inches) tall and weigh 9 to 15 kilograms (20 to 30 pounds). They have silvery-grey backs, black heads, and bright orange patches of feathers on the sides of their necks. While they look like emperor penguins, they are different in the fact that king penguins have longer beaks, orange coloration on their chest, and are thinner than the emperor penguin. Males and females of the species look the same.

The king penguin eats krill, small fish, squid, and plankton. In particular, they seem to enjoy eating lanternfish, which makes up most of their diet. They are able to dive to almost 300 meters (about 985 feet) for up to 15 minutes in order to catch their food. King penguins can also swim at 10 kilometers (6 miles) per hour, and their special eyesight helps them see in the dark.

Unlike most penguins, the king penguin cannot hop, but can only use its feet to walk or run. However, they also use their feet to warm their children, instead of a nest.

Baby king penguins are dark brown and fluffy. They are usually raised in a crèche, or group of penguin children kept together for protection.

The king penguin's main predators, or creatures that eat it, are the leopard seal and killer whale. Other birds may attack the penguin's breeding, or nesting, grounds and take away eggs or young penguin chicks.


Citigroup Center

Citigroup Center is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 279 meters (915 feet) tall and has 59 floors. It was built in 1977 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Industrial engineering

Industrial engineering is a type of engineering. It is one of the fastest growing areas of engineering. It looks at what makes organizations work best. An industrial engineer tries to find the right combination of human and natural resources, technology, equipment, information and finance to do the work best. Industrial engineering is important to finding the answers to many important problems in manufacturing, distribution of goods and services, health care, utilities, transportation, entertainment, and the environment. Industrial engineers design and change how things are done to increase quality, safety and productivity.


Trump World Tower

Trump World Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 262 meters (861 feet) tall and has 72 floors. It was built in 2001 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



30 Rockefeller Plaza

30 Rockefeller Plaza is a skyscraper at Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York City, United States. It was known in the past as the RCA Building, the GE Building, and the Comcast Building. 30 Rockefeller Plaza is tall and has 69 floors. It was built in 1933 and was one of the tallest buildings in the world when it opened.

Raymond Hood, the architect, made the plans for Rockefeller Center. He talked with the Radio Corporation of America (RCA) to make a large place for mass media. RCA owned the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) and Radio-Keith-Orpheum (RKO) companies. The first plan for 30 Rockefeller Plaza was made in March 1930. By May 1930, RCA, NBC, and RKO said they would move to 30 Rockefeller Center. The last plan for the building was done in March 1931.

Workers started making the building in March 1932. 30 Rockefeller Plaza opened in May 1933. It was the first building at Rockefeller Center to be opened. It was one of the tallest buildings in the world.

NBC was one of the first companies in 30 Rockefeller Plaza. It had 35 television studios in the building. People could go on tours of the NBC Studios every day. The biggest studio was Studio 8H, which could have 1,400 people inside it.

The Standard Oil Company moved into 30 Rockefeller Plaza in 1934. The New York Museum of Science and Industry moved to the bottom floors because other companies did not want to move there. Westinghouse Electric Corporation was on the 14th through 17th floors. The Rockefeller family also moved into a lot of the floors in the building. The family had an office called Room 5600 on the 56th floor. Room 5600 became bigger after World War II. The family went to another building in 2014.

People wanted to use the roof of the building for entertainment. The 67th, 69th, and 70th floors have places where people can look at the city from high above. The highest one is the "Top of the Rock" Observation deck. These places were opened in July 1933 and many people went there. A restaurant called the Rainbow Room is on the 65th floor. The Rainbow Room opened on October 3, 1934.

30 Rockefeller Plaza is tall. 30 Rockefeller Plaza was built to be only one structure that takes up all of the space in the block between Sixth Avenue and Rockefeller Plaza. 

30 Rockefeller Plaza's architecture has a limestone facade and Gothic-like four-leafed spandrels. This affected the design of the rest of the complex (a group of related buildings).




Roger Taney

Roger Brooke Taney (March 17, 1777 – October 12, 1864) was the fifth Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1836 until his death in 1864. He came after John Marshall and despite the many influential things done by his predecessor, still was able to write several major opinions. His decision in Dred Scott to send a slave living in a free state back to his master in a slave state canceled out several compromises that had been keeping the Union together. When president Abraham Lincoln began using powers not normally given to the presidency to put certain rights on hold, Taney kept on trying to overrule him. These attempts were ignored and rumored to have almost led to Taney's arrest.

When Taney County, Missouri was officially organized in 1837, it was named in his honor. At the time Abraham Lincoln became president, Taney swore in Lincoln.

Supreme court

A supreme court also known as a court of last resort and court of final appeal, is generally the highest court in a country. This means that, decisions made by the Supreme Court can't be challenged at other courts. However, not all highest courts are named as such. Civil law countries do not tend to have only one high court. Additionally, the highest court in some jurisdictions is not named the "Supreme Court". For example, the High Court of Australia. In some places the court named the "Supreme Court" is not the highest court. Examples include the New York Supreme Court, the Supreme Courts of several provinces and territories of Canada and the former Supreme Court of Judicature of England and Wales. Decisions made in these courts are all subject to higher courts of appeal. Some countries have a separate constitutional court, a high court that deals with issues regarding that country's constitution. 

Many, like the Supreme Court of the United States, at times become involved in political issues. These include the Supreme Courts of Egypt, Pakistan, Israel, India and Kuwait. One of the most controversial political decisions was "Bush v. Gore", 531 U.S. 98 (2000), a United States Supreme Court decision that resolved the dispute surrounding the 2000 United States presidential election. There has been a good deal of controversy over the European Court of Justice reviewing decisions made by member state governments. The president of the Supreme Court of Israel, Aharon Barak, has been criticized for, along with others, dominating the government of Israel.



Lee Chaolan

Lee Chaolan is a video game character in "Tekken". The first time he was in Tekken was the first Tekken game.

Lee Chaolan was an orphan before the first game started, but was adopted as a child by Heihachi Mishima.

Kazuya Mishima, Heihachi's son, was Lee's arch nemesis since they were children. Kazuya always won against Lee. Lee is now in a world of hate because of this experience. He holds a constant grudge against Kazuya. 

Lee Chaolan's fighting style uses mostly feet. Using his long legs and quick feet, he can take down any foe that comes his way. Kazuya uses a balanced force of fist and foot to take down his foes. Balance is Kazuya's key to victory over his rival Lee.

He turned 48 in Tekken 5 but the creators made him look younger. 

Scooter

A scooter is a bicycle or tricycle with very small wheels. Some scooters have a motor, some have pedals, and some are pushed with the foot. Scooters with motors are called "motor scooters". There are many different kinds of scooters. They include motor scooters and kick scooters.

Some scooters have four wheels. People who don't have much balance can drive that kind.

In some places, riders of motor scooters need a driver's license for driving a motorcycle. In other places, they only need a licence for driving a moped. Some scooters can hold two people.

Tricycle

A tricycle is a vehicle with three wheels. It can be also called a trike. Tricycles can have pedals, an electric motor or a petrol engine.

A child's tricycle is best known, but adult tricycles are becoming more common. The adult trikes will have a chain, gears and are recumbent (the feet are in front of the body). They come in two main styles: tadpole with two wheels up front and one in back and delta with two wheels in the back and one wheel in the front. Almost always the front wheel or wheels steer the bike, and power goes to the back wheel or wheels.
Some trikes are "fully faired" (covered in a shell to cut wind resistance). These are called velomobiles.
Other trikes are built to carry cargo or passengers (also called a "cycle rickshaw" or "pedicabs").

Motorcycles also come in three wheeled versions. Some people like them for better balance or more room.


ECW World Heavyweight Championship

The Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world championship in Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1994 through 2001 and World Wrestling Entertainment from 2006 through 2010.


List of rivers of China

The following is a list of rivers in China, by where they flow into:












List of rivers of Idaho

This is a list of rivers in Idaho:


List of rivers of Illinois

This is a list of rivers in Illinois:





List of rivers of Indiana

The following is a list of rivers in Indiana, by letter:


The Golden Compass (movie)

The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie, which was released on December 5, 2007 by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. The movie is based on the book "Northern Lights" (also known as "The Golden Compass"), the first novel in Philip Pullman's trilogy "His Dark Materials".

The cast includes Dakota Blue Richards, Nicole Kidman, Ian McKellen, Christopher Lee, Daniel Craig, Ian McShane, and Sam Elliott.

Lord Asriel has found something called "dust" that separates us and another universe. People do not believe this idea. The Magistrate, a very large and strong group, try to kill him by poisoning his drink. Lyra, his niece, was playing, heard someone coming, hid, and saw a priest try to poison the drink. She then ran out and saved Asriel before he could drink. Asriel later goes to the North Pole to find this dust.

Lyra is also given something called a golden compass. The person says that it's the only one in the world and that only a few people know how to use it.

A woman named Mrs. Coulter then tries to get Lyra in with her. She promises her that they will go to the North Pole.

Independent body

An independent body is a group employed to give a view without bias. Independent bodies are mainly employed to review public services. Some news groups claim to be independent bodies. In the United States, they are called an independent agency or an independent regulatory agency.

Limbourg brothers

The Limbourg brothers, or in Dutch "Gebroeders van Limburg" (Herman, Paul, and Johan; fl. 1385 – 1416), were famous Dutch Renaissance miniature painters from the city of Nijmegen. They were active in the early 15th century in France and Burgundy. They created what is certainly the best known late medieval illuminated manuscript, "Les Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry".

Anthony Head

Anthony Stewart Head (born 20 February 1954) is an English actor and musician who has appeared in theatre, television and movies. He is most well known for his role as Rupert Giles in the American television drama series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", as the Prime Minister in the British comedy show "Little Britain", as Dr. Frank N Furter in the London revival of "The Rocky Horror Show" and for a series of coffee adverts in the United Kingdom and the United States. He is credited by his full name on American television, and sometimes as Tony Head elsewhere. He also played Phil Norton in 5 episodes of the first season "Howards' Way".


Uluru

Uluru, also called Ayers Rock, is a name given to a huge rock near Alice Springs in the Australian Outback and located in Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. This is a holy place for some Aboriginal Australians. It is in the Western Desert, in the middle of Australia. It was listed as a World Heritage site in 1987 because of its geology. In 1997 it was again listed as a World Heritage site, this time because of its importance to the Anangu people. It was the second place in the world to be listed as culturally significant, and it is one of the few places in the world to have two listings.
The Anangu people believe that Uluru, and the rest of Central Australia, was formed by ancestral beings at the beginning of time. The Anangu are directly descended from these ancestors. 

Modern science shows that they have lived around Uluru for more than 40,000 years They continued to live their traditional life until the 1930s. This was a nomadic life, moving around to hunt and gather food according to the seasons. They have a complex ceremonial life based around Uluru. They are one of the oldest human societies on earth.

The first Europeans to see Uluru were explorers led by William Christie Gosse. He saw Uluru on 19 July 1873 and named it Ayers Rock after Sir Henry Ayers, who was Chief Secretary of South Australia. The land was too dry and remote for farming, and very few people came to Uluru until the mid 20th century.

See geography of Uluru and Kata Tjuta.

Elapid

The Elapidae, or elapids, are a family of venomous snakes. These snakes can be found in tropical and subtropical regions around the world. They can also be found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific. They are characterized by a set of hollow, fixed fangs through which they inject venom. There are snakes of different sizes, from only 18 cm ("Drysdalia") up to 6 m in length ("King Cobra"). Currently, 61 genera with 231 species are known.

Those elapids that live on land look a lot like the colubrids: almost all have long and slender bodies with smooth scales, a head that is covered with large shields and not always distinct from the neck, and eyes with round pupils. In addition, their behavior is usually quite active and most are oviparous. There are exceptions to all these generalizations: For example, the death adders ("Acanthophis") include short and fat, rough-scaled, very broad-headed, cat-eyed, live-bearing, sluggish ambush predators with partly fragmented head shields.

Some species spend most of their lives in trees or bushes; this is called arboreal (African "Pseudohaje" and "Dendroaspis", Australian "Hoplocephalus"). Many others are specialised burrowers (e.g. "Ogmodon", "Parapistocalamus", "Simoselaps", "Toxicocalamus", "Vermicella"). Some species have very generalised diets. Others have specialised on a certain kind of prey. They have also adapted themselves, to better be able to feed on other snakes, certain lizards, squamate eggs, mammals, birds, frogs, fish, etc. 

Sea snakes, which are also elapids, have adapted to a marine way of life in different ways. All have evolved their tails so they can be used for swimming. They can also excrete salt. Most also have changed bodies, better suited for swimming. Ventral scales are much smaller, the nostrils of the snakes are located dorsally and without scales between them. They give birth to live young (ovoviviparous). In general they have the ability to breathe through their skin; experiments with the yellow-bellied sea snake, "Pelamis platurus", have shown that this species can satisfy about 20% of its oxygen requirements in this manner. This makes it possible to stay underwater longer. The sea kraits ("Laticauda sp. "), are the least well-adapted to an aquatic life. They spend much of their time on land where they also lay their eggs (oviparous). They have wide ventral scales, the tail is not as well-developed for swimming, and their nostrils are separated by scales.

All elapids have a pair of proteroglyphous fangs that are used to inject venom from glands located towards the rear of the upper jaws. The fangs are the first two teeth on each maxillary bone, which are enlarged and hollow, and usually only one is in place on each side at any time. The maxilla is intermediate in length and mobility between typical colubrids (long, less mobile) and viperids (very short, highly mobile). When the mouth is closed, the fangs fit into grooved slots in the buccal floor; in the longest-fanged elapids (e.g. "Acanthophis", "Oxyuranus") it is common for the fangs to pierce right through the intermandibular skin, which does not seem to endanger the snake. The fangs are usually below the front edge of the eye and are angled backwards; due to this construction, most elapids must actually bite in order to envenomate. This action is therefore not as quick as with the viperids, that can envenomate with only a quick, stabbing motion. Some elapids ("Acanthophis", "Oxyuranus", and especially "Dendroaspis") have long fangs on quite mobile maxillae (the prefrontal and ectopterygoid contacts are nearly as close together as in viperids), and can therefore make very fast stabbing strikes like viperids. A few species are capable of spraying their venom from forward facing holes at the tips of their fangs as a means of defense. Elapids use their venom both to immobilize their prey and in self-defense.

All elapids are venomous and many are potentially deadly. The venoms are mostly neurotoxic and are considered more dangerous than the mainly proteolytic viper venoms. Members include the black mamba ("Dendroaspis polylepis"), a species many regard as the world's most dangerous snake, the fierce snake ("Oxyuranus microlepidotus"), which is the most venomous land snake to mice, and "Hydrophis belcheri", a sea snake and the most toxic venom of all snakes.

Colubrid

A colubrid (from Latin "coluber", snake) is a snake that is a member of the Colubridae family. Colubridae is the largest snake family, and includes about two-thirds of all known living snake species. However, colubrids are "certainly not a natural group", and many are more closely related to other groups, such as elapids, than to each other. This family has classically been a dumping ground for snakes that do not fit anywhere else. There is on-going mitochondrial DNA research which will sort out the familial relations within this group.

A colubrid's body is almost completely covered in scales. Most colubrids are not venomous and are normally harmless. A few groups, such as genus "Boiga", can produce medically significant bites. In addition, the Boomslang and African twig snake have both caused human fatalities. The venom-injecting fangs associated with venomous colubrids are almost always in the back of the mouth, in contrast to vipers and elapids.


Central Finland

Central Finland, "Keski-Suomi", is a region of Finland with about 270,000 inhabitants. Neighbouring regions are Pirkanmaa, Southern Ostrobothnia, Central Ostrobothnia, Northern Ostrobothnia, Northern Savonia, Southern Savonia and Päijänne Tavastia.

There are 27 municipalities in Central Finland. Cities and towns are marked in bold.

Sea snake

A Sea snake, or "coral reef snake", is a venomous elapid snake. They live in marine environments for most or all of their lives. At present, 17 genera are described as sea snakes, with 62 species.

They evolved from snakes that lived on the land. Some sea snakes still have some of the behaviour and traits of their ancestors, such as "Laticauda", which can move a little on land. Most sea snakes are unable to move on the ground at all, but they are well adapted to living in the water.

Sea snakes are found in warm coastal waters from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific. They live in the tropical and warm regions, but not in the Atlantic Ocean, or the North American coast above the Gulf of California.

Most sea snakes grow to sizes between 1.2m and 1.4m, some can reach 2m or more. "Hydrophis cyanocinctus" reach 2.5m to 3m. They reach a weight of about 0.8 -1.3 kg, at a size of 1.8m. In most cases, females are larger than males.

All sea snakes have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies – they look somewhat like eels. However, unlike fish, they do not have gills and must come to the surface regularly to breathe. Nevertheless, they are among the most completely aquatic of all air-breathing vertebrates. Among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes. Some have gentle dispositions and bite only when provoked, while others are much more aggressive.
Sea snakes have special nostrils that can close when they go underwater and open when they come up to breathe, like the blowhole of a whale (scientists call these "valved" nostrils). The nostrils are found high up on the head so that the entire snake can stay under the water when they come up to breathe. In its search for food, a sea snake may remain under water for a long time. To do this, sea snakes have evolved a single lung that almost is as long as the whole body.

Most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin. This is unusual for reptiles, because their skin is normally thick and scaly. Experiments with the black-and-yellow sea snake, "Pelamis platurus" (a pelagic species), have shown that this species can get about 20% of its oxygen in this manner, which allows for longer dives.

Like other land animals that have adapted to life in a marine environment, sea snakes swallow considerably more salt than their relatives living on land. They do this through their diet and when they inadvertently swallow sea water. Kidney function in birds and reptiles is too weak to remove enough salt. In birds, such as penguins, salt is removed through nasal glands. The marine iguanas of the Galapagos Islands use the same mechanism. Sea turtles have lacrimal glands that allow them to produce very salty tears. But in sea snakes, glands under and around the tongue let them expel salt with their tongue action.

Most sea snakes prey on fish, especially eels. The latter stiffens and dies within seconds when bitten. One species prefers molluscs and crustaceans, such as prawns. Some reef dwelling species have small heads and thin necks, making it possible for them to get small eels from the soft bottom where they hide.

"Pelamis platurus" has a venom more potent than any other terrestrial snake species in Costa Rica. The snake is very common in the waters of the western coast of Costa Rica. Despite this, few human deaths have been reported. Nevertheless, all sea snakes should be handled with great caution.

When bites occur, only a small amount of venom is injected. The symptoms caused by the venom may seem slight at first. There is usually little or no swelling involved, and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected. The most important symptoms are a rapid breakdown of skeletal muscle tissue and paralysis. Early symptoms include headache, a thick-feeling tongue, thirst, sweating, and vomiting. Symptoms that can occur after 30 minutes to several hours after the bite include generalized aching, stiffness, and tenderness of muscles all over the body. This is followed later on by symptoms typical of other elapid attacks: a progressive paralysis of muscles. Paralysis of muscles involved in swallowing and respiration can be fatal. After three to eight hours, myoglobin may start to show up in the blood plasma. This is a result of muscle breakdown. It can cause the urine to turn a dark reddish, brown, or black in color, and eventually lead to kidney failure. After six to twelve hours, severe hyperkalemia can lead to cardiac arrest. The hyperkalemia is also the result of muscle breakdown.


Archduke

The title of Archduke (feminine: Archduchess) (German: "Erzherzog", feminine form: "Erzherzogin") is a rank above Duke and under King. It is very rare. It was used only by males of the House of Habsburg. 

The English word is recorded only since 1530, derived from Middle Latin "archidux", from "arch(i)-" (primary or chief) + "dux" 'duke' .
Archduke ("Erzherzog") is a title distinct from Grand Duke ("Großherzog" or "Großfürst") that is used in some other German royal houses and still in sovereign Luxemburg.





Trench warfare

Trench warfare is a battle tactic, or way of fighting. It was commonly used on the Western Front in the First World War. It has been utilized in other wars, such as the Iran-Iraq War and the Russo-Ukrainian War.

In trench warfare, the two sides fighting each other dug trenches in a battlefield. These trenches had many different parts, such as places for sleeping, for headquarters, for storage, and for artillery and machine guns. Between the front trenches, on the battlefield, was an area called "no man's land". This area was often covered with barbed wire and land mines. Soldiers on each side would try to cross no man's land to get to the enemy's trench and attack. Tanks were commonly used to cross this land.

Armies used trench warfare because it gave soldiers cover while defending themselves against attack. It also gave soldiers bunks to sleep in, although the bunks were very unclean and uncomfortable.

Soldiers in World War I used trenches to protect themselves while fighting. They dug holes two meters deep, which they called trenches. 

Most World War I soldiers fought in the trenches. Between the trenches of each side's front line, there was an open area called No Man’s Land. In some places No Man's Land could be as narrow as thirty meters (100 feet). Behind the front line were other trenches for moving soldiers and supplies. 

Death was frequent in the trenches, even when there was no fighting. For example, many soldiers fighting in trench warfare died of disease. 

The trenches were dirty. Some men disappeared into the mud because it was so thick. The cold, wet and unsanitary conditions made many soldiers sick. Lice spread trench fever, a fungal infection which caused severe head pain and fever. Rats invaded the trenches and spread disease everywhere. The brown rats were the more hated kind. They ate human remains. Some grew to be as big as cats.

The trenches had a terrible smell. Bodies were rotting in shallow graves; men had not washed in weeks because there were no facilities; cesspits were overflowing; and creosol or chloride of lime was used to stave off the constant threat of disease and infection. There was also the lingering odour of poison gas, and the smells of cordite, rotting sandbags, stagnant mud, cigarette smoke, and cooking food. The smell was the first thing a new recruit would notice on the way to the front lines. However, new arrivals soon got used to it, and eventually added their own body odor to the smell.

Front-line trenches were usually about seven feet deep and six feet wide. The front side of the trench was called the parapet. The rear side was called the parados. Along the top of the parapet and the parados, soldiers would build a wall of sandbags that was two to three feet tall. The sandbags helped to absorb bullets and shell fragments.

It was impossible for soldiers to see over the top of a 7-foot trench. To solve this problem, armies added a two or three-foot ledge called a fire-step to the trenches. 

Trenches were not dug in straight lines. If the trenches were straight, and the enemy got into them, they could shoot straight along the line. Instead, soldiers dug trenches with alternate fire-bays and traverses.

Duck-boards were also placed at the bottom of the trenches to protect soldiers from problems such as trench foot. Soldiers also made dugouts and funk holes in the side of the trenches to give them some protection from the weather and enemy fire.

The front-line trenches were also protected by barbed-wire entanglements and machine-gun posts. Short trenches called saps were dug from the front-line trench into No-Man's Land. The sap-head, usually about 30 yards forward of the front-line, was then used as listening posts.

Behind the front-line trenches were support and reserve trenches. The three rows of trenches covered between 200 and 500 yards of ground. Communication trenches were dug at an angle to the front-line trench and were used to transport men, equipment and food supplies.


Port-de-Paix

Port-de-Paix (Kréyòl: "Pòdepè" or "Pòdpè"; in English means "Peace Port") is a city and the capital of the département of Nord-Ouest in Haiti on the Atlantic coast.

The city is close to the mouth of the river Trois-Rivières, one of the most important river in Haiti. It has a population of 115,000 (2003 census), with 25,000 living in the city.

Christopher Columbus came to this region on 15 December 1492 and he gave it the name "Valle del Paraíso" or "Valparaiso" (Spanish for "Paradise Valley") because he found that this was a very beautiful valley.

A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island (La Tortue) situated just across the water.

The town was founded in 1665 by French buccaneers (a kind of pirates in the Caribbean) from Tortuga Island when they had to leave the island. In 1676 the town saw the first black slave revolt; its leader was "Padre Jean" (also "Padrejean" and "Pedro Juan") and who was killed by buccaneers in 1679 in the mountains close to Port-de-Paix.

The area saw great success during the 19th century and Port-de-Paix was an important port; from here, bananas and coffee were sent to other countries. In 1902 the town was almost entirely destroyed by fire.

Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement (a part of a department) of the same name. The arondissement consists of four communes (like municipalities): Port-de-Paix, Bassin Bleu, Chansolme and Tortuga Island.

Le Novateur


Device controller

A device controller is a system that handles the incoming and outgoing signals of the CPU by acting as a bridge between CPU and the I/O devices. A device is connected to the computer via a plug and socket, and the socket is connected to a device controller. Device controllers use binary and digital codes. An IO device contains mechanical and electrical parts. A device controller is the electrical part of the IO device.

Device-Operating System Communication

The Device Controller receives the data from a connected device and stores it temporarily in some special purpose registers (i.e. local buffer) inside the controller. Then it communicates the data with a Device Driver. For each device controller there is an equivalent device driver which is the standard interface through which the device controller communicates with the Operating Systems through Interrupts. Device controller is a hardware whereas device driver is a software.
The controller's job is to convert the serial bit stream to block bytes and perform any error correction necessary. 
Each device controller is in charge of a specific type of device (for example disk drives, audio devices, or video displays). Each device controller has a local buffer.

[[Category:Computer science
[[Category:Electronics]]
Rostov-on-Don

Rostov-on-Don () is a city in the European part of Russia. It is on the River Don, about 46 km before it flows into the Sea of Azov. The city is the administrative center of Rostov Oblast and the Southern Federal District of Russia. About 1 million people live in the city (as of 2002).

The mouth of the Don River has been very important since the ancient times. It has been important for cultural reasons and for trade. The Greek colony "Tanais" was there, and also the Genoese fort Tana. Later, the Ottoman Empire built a fortress there. This fortress was named Azov.

Rostov-on-Don was founded in 1749. In that year, a customs house was built on the Don. Later, a large fortress followed. It was named after Saint Dimitry of Rostov. Dmitry of Rostov was a bishop from the old Northern town Rostov the Great. With the time, the importance of the fortress Asov became less and less. The settlement near the fortress became more important than the fortress. It was the commercial centre of the region. In 1796 this settlement received city rights and was renamed Rostov-on-Don.

The Don River that the city is named afrer is a major shipping lane. It connects southwestern Russia with regions to the north. Rostov-on-Don is an important river port both for people and industrial shipping. With such a good geographical location, the city grew quickly. It is the most industrialized city of South Russia. Because of this, the city caused a large problem between the Whites and the Bolsheviks during the Civil War. By 1928, the regional government was moved from the old Cossack capital Novocherkassk to Rostov. The nearby Armenian town of Nor Nakhijevan became a part of the city.

In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807). Much of the city was destroyed by the German forces who took control of it three times - in 1918, 1941 and 1942. Today, the most notable part of the historical city is the very big Cathedral of Virgin's Nativity (1860-87), designed by Konstantin Thon.

The city was also the home of Russia's most well known serial killer Andrei Chikatilo but he was not actually born there.

Rostov-on-Don has had much economic growth in recent years. Part of this is because the Russian economy is getting stronger. Many new companies have built headquarters in the city. People living in the city are making more money than they did in the past. The city is being changed from a place thrown back in time by the collapse of communism into a modern, industrial and technology-rich city.

Public educational institutions include Southern Federal University and Don State Technical University. The major private university in the city is the Institute of Management, Business and Law. There is also a French cultural center, run by Alliance Francaise, a British-Council, a Goethe-Institut, and a Bosch Foundation.

Rostov Economic State University 'RINH' is a very famous university in Rostov-on-Don. It has 5 Institutes, as Finance, IT and Management, National and World Economics, Marketing and Commerce, Account and Economics, Law, Linguistics and Journalism and 9 filials.

Two professional football clubs are based in Rostov-on-Don. FC Rostov play in the Russian Premier League and SKA are in the First Division. Handball team Rostov-Don plays in the Russian Handball Championship.

The city is twinned with:


Crypto.com Arena

Crypto.com Arena, originally known as Staples Center, is an indoor multi-purpose arena in downtown Los Angeles, California. It is home to three basketball teams—the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers of the NBA and Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA—plus the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL in ice hockey. They have the Grammy Awards here every year. The building hosted World Wrestling Entertainment's pay-per-view WrestleMania 21 in 2005.

On December 25, 2021, the arena was renamed Crypto.com Arena, for a Singapore-based cryptocurrency exchange that bought the naming rights.


Camden County, North Carolina

Camden County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 10,335 people lived there. Its county seat is the town of Camden. Camden County is the first and only consolidated city-county in North Carolina.

The county was made in 1777 from the northeastern part of Pasquotank County.

Camden County is part of the local Albemarle Commission.

These counties are connected to Camden County:


Caswell County, North Carolina

Caswell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 22,736 people lived there. Its county seat is Yanceyville.

Caswell County was made in 1777 from the northern part of Orange County. In 1792 the eastern half of Caswell County was made into Person County.

Caswell County is part of the local Piedmont Triad Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Caswell County:

These cities and towns are in Caswell County:


Internet forum

One type of a forum is an online discussion site on the Internet. Users can type messages for others to see, and reply to other user's messages. Messages (or "posts") are organised by topic (or "thread"), with each poster either replying to an existing topic or creating a new topic for a new conversation.

Forums can be found on a lot of websites. Internet forums are often used to show people information. Things like pictures hyperlinks and images can also be put on the board, or "posted".

Many Internet forums have rules against things such as spamming and trolling. If people do those kind of things, they will be warned, and if they continue, they will be banned.

Forums also have their own set of rules. A rule which is used by many forums is not to comment or bring up old threads because those forums were made to discuss the newest events.

There are usually three different types of rankings on a forum:

People participating in a forum may make friends with each other and may form groups with the same ideas.

Catawba County, North Carolina

Catawba County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 160,610 people lived there. Its county seat is Newton.

The county was made in 1842 from Lincoln County.

Catawba County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Catawba County:


Stone tool

Stone tools are tools made of stone. They are the reason the stone age was given its name. They were the first known tools used by mankind, and were used by all human species, such as "Homo habilis" and "Homo erectus". Recently it was learned that stone tools were used before the genus "Homo" evolved. These oldest tools come from the shores of Lake Turkana in Kenya, and date to 3.3 million years ago.
They are 700,000 years older than any tools found before.

Volcanic ash and minerals around the tools allow them to be dated. The tools look like those described as Oldowan. They might have been made by members of species such as "Australopithecus afarensis" or "Kenyanthropus platyops". The research team has proposed the term "Lomekwian" for these tools, and say they mark the start of archaeology. The palaeoenvironment was wooded.


DJ BoBo

Peter René Baumann (born 5 January 1968) better known as DJ BoBo, is a Swiss singer, songwriter, dancer and music producer. He mixed a song called "Chihuahua" in 2005. It was a remix from a Spanish single in 2002. DJ BoBo is also famous for his entry in the Eurovision Song Contest of 2007.

Cherokee County, North Carolina

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 28,774 people lived there. Its county seat is Murphy.

The county was made in 1839 from the western part of Macon County. In 1861 the southeastern part of Cherokee County became Clay County and in 1872 its northeastern part became Graham County.

Cherokee County is part of the local Southwestern Commission.

These counties are connected to Cherokee County:

These cities and towns are in Cherokee County:


Chowan County, North Carolina

Chowan County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 13,708 people lived there. Its county seat is Edenton.

Chowan County is part of the local Albemarle Commission council of government.

The counties are connected to Chowan County:

These cities and towns are in Chowan County:


Clay County, North Carolina

Clay County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. During the 2020 United States Census, 11,089 people lived there. Its county seat is Hayesville.

The county was made in 1861 from the southeastern part of Cherokee County.

Clay County is part of the local Southwestern Commission council of governments.

These counties are connected to Clay County:

These cities and towns are in Clay County:

Character (computing)

For computers, a character is a letter, number, or punctuation mark that can be shown on a screen, or printed. There are also some unseen characters, called "control characters". An example of a control character is the carriage return or line feed that tells the software to start a new line. A "glyph" is the shape of the character that is seen when put on screen or on paper.

Since computers only use numbers, they use number codes to represent characters. For example, in ASCII, the number 65 represents the letter 'A'. The computer knows, when working in ASCII, to put the glyph for 'A' on the screen when it sees the number 65. The glyph can change shape slightly depending on the font that is used, if it is bold or in "italics", etc. But it is still stored as a 65 in the computer, that does not change.

One of the early standards for storing characters was ASCII. It uses 7 bits to store each character. This allows 128 characters - enough for the numbers 0-9, the upper case letters A-Z, lower case letters a-z, most punctuation marks including spaces, parentheses and braces, and some control characters. But it is not enough for letters used in other languages, such as umlauts used in German and Scandinavian languages. Some systems added an 8th bit to ASCII, for another 128 characters, but the extra characters can vary from one system to another. And this doesn't address all languages. There are thousands of Chinese characters alone. To store all of these characters, Unicode was developed. It uses 16 bits to store 65,536 characters.

ASCII is still widely used, especially in the English-speaking areas. The Internet was started in English, and until 2010 URL addresses could only contain certain ASCII characters. Some ASCII characters that are not supported are replaced by a '%' and a number for its location in the ASCII table. The space character, for instance is changed to "%20" when it shows up in a URL. In 2010, Unicode was allowed so people who spoke Russian, Greek, Chinese or other languages could see a domain name in their own language.


Optical disc drive

An optical drive is usually a CD drive or DVD drive. Optical means it uses lenses. The drive uses a light called a laser. A laser is the most exact and powerful sort of light but the laser in the drive is very, very small. The CD or DVD disk is similar to a mirror and the laser light reflects off it. The disk has very small (microscopic) codes written on it. The drive has a very small camera lens beside the laser which can read the codes. Another part of the drive is plugged in to the computer by a wire (inside) and the code goes through the wire as a signal to the computer. 


WWE Heat

WWE Heat was a professional wrestling show made by the World Wrestling Entertainment.

During its televised history in the United States it was shown on the USA Network, MTV and Spike TV.

From 2005 to 2008 it was streamed on WWE.com on Fridays for North American viewers. However it was still televised in internationally. The final episode was streamed on May 30, 2008.

Internationally it was replaced by WWE Vintage Collection a program which featured matches from past WWE events and hosted by WWE 2006 Hall of Fame inductee "Mean" Gene Okerlund.

The show made its debut on August 2, 1998 on the USA Network as "WWF Sunday Night Heat". It began as the second most important show in WWF Programming second to "WWF Monday Night Raw". "Heat" would feature backstage interview segments and in-ring action. Main event stars such as The Rock, Mankind and Triple H would appear often to help further the storylines which occurred on "Monday Night Raw". "Heat" itself lead to a big ratings draw for the USA Network.

When "SmackDown!" was created in 1999, "Heat"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s importance lowered as well as ratings. With the debut of "SmackDown!" it lead to "Heat" being taped before "SmackDown!". When "SmackDown!" debuted in August 1999 it briefly became a recap show, with exclusive interviews and feuds from the past of WWF Programming being made into music videos. This only lasted a couple of weeks as it returned to airing exclusive matches.

The WWF also aired two "Halftime HEAT" television specials which aired during Super Bowl XXXIII on the USA Network. During this period the show moved to MTV as part of a deal between Viacom and the WWE. When the show moved to MTV it began broadcasting live from WWF New York.

In 2002 the show reverted to its previous format of taping the matches before "Raw". Since the brand extension in 2002 "Heat" became exclusive to the "Raw" brand, the only exception to this was pay-per-view nights which were broadcast live from the PPV venues and could involve wrestlers from the "SmackDown!" brand.

In 2002 "SmackDown!" branched off its own secondary show called "Velocity" which mirrored the same format as "Heat".

"Heat" and "Velocity" were not picked up by the USA Network, when WWE moved "Raw" back to the USA Network in October 2005. This left Americans no way of watching the weekend programmes on Television. WWE then made a decision to begin streaming these programmes on WWE.com exclusively for the United States audience. "Sunday Night Heat" soon was renamed "WWE Heat" as it no longer aired on Sundays.

"Heat" was still broadcast internationally due to previous programme commitments. For a short time a special 30 minute live edition of "Heat" began airing in place of the traditional pre-taped Free For All PPV pre-show. This lasted from No Mercy 2005 to Backlash 2006.

When WWE began airing in high definition "Heat" began using the same set as "Raw", "SmackDown!" and "ECW".

The final episode was streamed on WWE.com on May 30, 2008, and was replaced internationally by "WWE Vintage Collection".


Sarojini Sahoo

Sarojini Sahoo (born 1956) is an Indian writer, who has been enlisted among 25 exceptional women of India by ‘Kindle’ English magazine of Kolkata. She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Academy Award (1993), the Jhankar Award (1992), the Bhubaneswar Book Fair Award and the Prajatantra Award.

Sahoo was born in a small town of Dhenkanal in Orissa (India). She has MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University. She now teaches at a degree college in Belpahar, Jharsuguda, Orissa.

Sarojini is the second daughter of Ishwar Chandra Sahoo and (late) Nalini Devi. She is married to Jagadish Mohanty, a veteran writer of Orissa. They have a son and a daughter.

She has published ten anthologies of short stories.
Her English anthologies of short stories are :


Her other Oriya anthologies of short stories are: 

She has been widely translated and published in different Indian languages. Her stories have been included in anthologies published by "Harper Collins", "National Book Trust", "Sahitya Akademi" and "Gnanpith" . She has attended many All India Writer’s meet and workshops arranged by Bharat Bhawan, Bhopal, Sahitya Akademi and National Book Trust.

She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Akademi Award and Bhubaneswar Book Fair award for her short stories collection "Amrutara Pratikshare".

Seven novels published: 

The novel "Upanibesh" was the first attempt in Oriya Literature to focus on sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman. Medha, the protagonist of Sarojini’s novel, was a bohemian. In her pre-marital stage, she was thinking that it was boring to live with a man life-long.

In her novel "Pratibandi", Sarojini has also described the development of sexuality in a woman. Priyanka, the protagonist of the novel has to encounter the loneliness in the exile of Saragpali, a remote village of India. This loneliness develops into a sexual urge and soon Priyanka finds herself sexually attached with a former Member of Parliament. Though there is an age gap between them, his intelligence impresses her and she discovers a hidden archaeologist in him. Sarojini has painted successfully the difference of sensibility towards sexuality among male and female. Sarojini has her own credibility for the frankness to deals with the sensitive matters either it may be in politics or in sexuality. She has gained a reputation and has her own place in the history of Oriya fiction. Her novel "Gambhiri Ghara" describes an unusual relationship between two people, a Hindu house wife of India and a Muslim artist of Pakistan. It is a net oriented novel. A woman meets a very sexually experienced man. One day he asks if she had any such experience. The woman, Kuki, scolds him and insults him by calling him a caterpillar. She said without love lust is like hunger of a caterpillar. Gradually they become involved with love, lust and spiritually. That man considers her as his daughter, lover, mother, and above all these as a Goddess. They both madly love each other, through the internet and on the phone. They use obscene language; they kiss each other online. Kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with Aniket. The novel is not limited to only a love story. It has a greater aspect. It deals with the relationship between the State and individual. Safique, who is not a Muslim by temperament, and as a historian, thinks the Pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards Arabian legends for his history. He protests that the syllabus of history for the school should start from seventh century AD, not from the Mahenjodaro and Harappa. This broad Safique was once arrested after the bomb blast of London for allegation of being associated with the terrorist. But is it a true fact? Later Kuki came to know that Safiques is trapped by a military junta. The ex-lover of Tabassum had revenge on Safique by arresting him with an allegation of terrorism.

Her novel "Gambhiri Ghara" proved to be a bestseller in Oriya literature. Her novels have a reputation for their feminist outlook and sexual frankness and has been translated into English and published from India under the title, The Dark Abode (2008) () and published from Bangladesh in Bengali as Mithya Gerosthali. (2007) () Dr. Vishwanath Bite is working on its Marathi translation. Another novel Pakhibas has been translated in to Bengali and published from Bangladesh under the same title () in 2009.


Eddie Guerrero

Eduardo "Eddie" Gory Guerrero Yañez (October 9, 1967 – November 13, 2005) better known as Eddie Guerrero, was an American professional wrestler from a legendary Mexican wrestling family. He wrestled in Mexico, Japan, Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and, most famously, in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

He started his wrestling career in 1987 in the Mexican Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre promotion. He became a star in Mexico long before he wrestled in the United States. In 1993, Guerrero began wrestling in Japan for New Japan Pro Wrestling, as Black Tiger II. He was one of the best Mexican wrestlers there are in the world and he made so many accomplishments throughout his lifetime. He won the NJPW Junior Heavyweight Super Grade Tag League Championship with The Great Sasuke making him the most successful Black Tiger. He also won the Best of the Super Juniors 1996 tournament of junior heavyweights. He got a shot at the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion The Great Sasuke at NJPW Skydiving J but lost the match.

Guerrero’s first break came in late 1994 when the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling, Paul Heyman, noticed him and Art Barr. Barr died before he could join ECW with Guerrero. In honor of his fallen friend, Guerrero did his finishing move, the Frog Splash.
Eddie started wrestling for the WCW in late 1995 along with Dean Malenko and Chris Benoit, with whom he had worked in NJPW and ECW. At World War 3 he competed in the 3-ring, 60-man World War 3 battle royal for the vacant WCW World Heavyweight Championship. Guerrero was one of the final 10 men in the battle royal, but was tossed out of the ring by Four Horsemen members. Randy Savage won the match. At Starrcade 1995, Guerrero represented WCW in a WCW vs. NJPW World Cup tournament series. He fell to NJPW wrestler Shinjiro Ohtani in the match but WCW went on to win the series.

Despite Guerrero's success and popularity, he had been one of many wrestlers that were upset at never being given a chance to be main event stars in WCW. Guerrero responded to Bischoff's actions by forming the Latino World Order (or LWO) with Hector Garza and Damien, a take-off on Bischoff's New World Order. with Hector Garza and Damien.

On August 1, 2002 Guerrero began to wrestle for WWE's SmackDown! brand Guerrero aligned himself with his nephew Chavo, forming the tag team Los Guerreros. At Survivor Series 2002, Guerreros faced the tag team champions Edge and Rey Mysterio, and Angle and Benoit for the titles. Eddie made Mysterio submit to The Lasso From El Paso to win their first WWE Tag Team Championship.

During the summer of 2003 Guerrero had begun driving a lowrider to ringside. Guerrero would also capitalize on his "Lie, Cheat, and Steal" anti-hero image by using illegal tactics behind the referee's back to win matches. This caused his increase popularity to rise.
On January 29, 2004 Eddie won SmackDown’s! 15-man Royal Rumble, earning a shot at the WWE Championship At No Way Out 2004, Guerrero defeated the WWE Champion Brock Lesnar in the main event with help from Goldberg at WrestleMania XX he kept his title by beating Kurt Angle. At the end of this event, Guerrero celebrated in the ring with the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Chris Benoit.

At the 2005 No Way Out Eddie teamed with Rey Mysterio and defeated the Basham Brothers to win his final title, the WWE Tag Team Championship for a fourth time, with being it Mysterio's third reign. At WrestleMania 21 Guerrero began a feud with Rey.

Following his, Guerrero was named number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship and given a title match with Batista. Batista defeated Guerrero at No Mercy 2005 to retain the World Heavyweight Championship.

Eddie Guerrero’s last televised match was November 11, 2005 on SmackDown. He defeated Mr. Kennedy earning a place on the SmackDown! team in the 2005 Survivor Series, He was not able to be in this match because he died on November 13, 2005 of acute heart failure and Eddie was replaced by Randy Orton. Eddie Guerrero was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006. Eddie's last match was actually on November 12th, 2005 in Albuquerque, New Mexico against Dave Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship.




Nabta Playa

Nabta Playa was once a large basin in the Nubian Desert. It is about 500 miles south of modern-day Cairo and about 100 kilometers west of Abu Simbel in southern Egypt, 22° 32' north, 30° 42' east. Many archaeological sites have been found there.

From around the 10th millennium BC, this area began to get more rainfall than before. Because of the extra rainwater, a lake formed. Early people may have come here because there was water available. They could only graze their cattle where there was grass, and grass only grew next to water.

Archaeologists (scientists who find and study artifacts) say that the first people came to the region between the 10th and 8th millennia BC. These peoples were growing domesticated cattle and using ceramic pottery. The ceramics had complicated painted patterns on them. These patterns may have been made by using combs.

By the 7th millennium BC, more developed settlements were in the area. They also used deep wells for water. Huts are found built in straight rows. People lived from fruit, legumes, millets, sorghum and tubers. A little later in 7th millennium BC, there seem to have been more goats and sheep. These most likely came from Southwest Asia . There were many large hearths.

Archaeological findings show that these prehistoric peoples lived at a higher level of organization than those who came after them, who lived closer to the Nile Valley:
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally. People only lived there in the summer, when the lake filled with water for grazing cattle. Analysis of human remains show that the people who lived here may have migrated from sub-Saharan Africa.

By the 6th millennium BC, there may have been a prehistoric religion or cult. Sacrificed cattle were found buried in stone-roofed chambers lined with clay. This cattle cult in Nabta Playa may be related to Ancient Egypt's Hathor cult. An example of this connection may be that Hathor was worshiped as a nighttime protector in desert regions.

Though the religious practices of the region involving cattle show possible ties to Ancient Egypt, Egyptologist Mark Lehner says:

This means that though there is evidence, there is no direct proof showing that the cattle cult was connected to Hathor.

By the 5th millennium BC these peoples had fashioned one of the world's earliest known astronomical devices (roughly contemporary to the Goseck circle in Germany), about 1000 years older than but comparable to Stonehenge. It may have been a prehistoric calendar which accurately marks the summer solstice.

The research done by the astrophysicist Thomas G. Brophy suggests that these monoliths might tell much more. The calendar circle itself is made up of one doorway that runs north-south, a second that runs northeast-southwest marking the summer solstice, and six center stones. Brophy's theory proposes first that three of the center stones match the belt of Orion at its minimum tilt and the other three match the shoulder and head stars of Orion at their maximum tilt. This cycle repeats approximately every 25,000 years, following the precession of the equinoxes. The last minimum of Orion's belt occurred between 6400 BC and 4900 BC, matching the radio-carbon dating of campfires around the circle.

The stone circle at Nabta Playa is built precisely on what was then the Tropic of Cancer, the sun's farthest North point of travel that is, today, about 23 degrees 40 minutes N. Such a site would interest the wise men of the megalithic era and some would travel many days to erect such a site and then study there.

Another stone megalithic structure exists which consists of a central radial stone and several other stones in the distance. In interpreting this Brophy found that the lines made to these stones from the radial stone match the spots in the sky where the various stars marked by the center stones in the calendar circle at the time they rose as the vernal equinox heliacal rising. In analyzing the varying distances, mulling through assumptions such as that they represented the brightness of the stars, he inadvertently found that they matched the distance of the stars from Earth on a scale of 1 meter = .799 light years within the margin of error for astronomical distances calculated today.


Video card

In computing, a video card, graphics card or graphics accelerator is a special circuit board that controls what is shown on a computer monitor and calculates 3D images and graphics.

A video card can be used to display a two-dimensional (2D) image like a desktop, or a three-dimensional (3D) image like a computer game. Computer-Aided Design (CAD) programs are often used by architects, engineers and designers to create 3D models on their computers. If a computer has a very fast video card, the user can create very detailed 3D models.

Most computers have a basic video and graphics capabilities built-in to the computer's motherboard. These "integrated" video chips are not as fast as in separate or "discrete" video cards. Normally, they are fast enough for basic computer use and old or simple computer games on lower graphic settings. If a computer user wants faster and/or more detailed graphics, a video card can be installed.

Video cards have their own processor (called a Graphics Processing Unit or GPU). The GPU is distinct from the main computer processor (called the Central Processing Unit or CPU). The CPU's job is to process the calculations needed to make the computer function. The GPU's job is to handle graphics calculations. 3D graphics calculations take a lot of CPU power, so having a video card to handle the graphics calculations lets the CPU work on other things like running computer programs.

Video cards also have their own memory, separate from the main computer memory. It is usually much faster than main computer memory, too. This helps the GPU do its graphics calculations even faster. Most video cards also can make one computer use more than one computer monitor at one time. Graphics manufacturers Nvidia and AMD (Advanced Micro Devices) have special technologies that allow two identical cards to be linked together in a single computer for much faster performance. Nvidia calls their technology and AMD calls their technology . Some modern graphics cards can even process physics calculations to create even more realistic-looking 3D worlds.

Video cards typically connect to a motherboard using the Peripheral Component Interconnect (PCI), the (AGP) or the (PCI Express or PCI-E). PCI-E is the newest and fastest connection; which nearly all modern video cards and motherboards have this connection. Before PCI-E was used, AGP was the standard connection for video cards. Before AGP, video cards were designed for PCI (sometimes called "regular" PCI).

In early computing years, graphics processing was very basic and could be done by the CPU along with all the other processing. However, as computer games advanced and started using 3D graphics, the CPU had too much to do and CPU-makers could not keep up on making them faster. Eventually, video cards, with their own GPU, were invented to solve this problem. This lets the CPU do more of its own work since it does not have to spend any time on advanced graphics calculations; it can simply pass these calculations off to the GPU to be done.

The first video cards connected to the motherboard via the ISA connection. The first popular non-IBM video cards were manufactured by a company called Hercules Computer Technology, Inc. Throughout the years, the importance of video cards has grown. As they evolved, a new connection standard was developed called Advanced Graphics Port (AGP). This was the first motherboard connection designed exclusively for video cards. It was much faster at transferring information between the video card and the rest of the computer. Eventually, the AGP connection became outdated, and a new connection, called PCI Express (PCI-E), became the standard for video cards. Most video cards manufactured today use PCI-E to connect to the motherboard.

Barahona, Dominican Republic

Barahona, also known as Santa Cruz de Barahona, is the head municipality of the Barahona province, on the southwest of the country.

It is the largest city of the Dominican southwest and the centre of the region.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 62,054: 30,799 men and 31,255 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

Since the 18th century, the region was occupied by fishermen and people that came here to cut trees. When Toussaint L'Ouverture took the eastern part of the Hispaniola island in the name of France, he gave the order to create the town of Barahona in 1802 as part of the Ozama Department.

After the Independence in 1844, Barahona was a military post of the Azua Province.

In 1858, Barahona was elevated to the category of municipality. When the province was created in 1881, Barahona was made its head municipality.

The city of Santa Cruz de Barahona is in a plain along the coast, in the lower valley of the Yaque del Sur river. Part of the municipality is on the mountains of Sierra de Bahoruco.

Barahona is at to the west of Santo Domingo. The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Fundación to the north, the Caribbean Sea to the east, the municipality of La Ciénaga to the south and the municipality of Cabral to the west.

Barahona has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw). The climate on the mountains of the Sierra de Baoruco, where there are some rainforests, is cooler and more wet.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is January with .

Barahona is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest months, on average, are July and August with an average temperature of . The coolest months on average are December, January and February, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Santa Cruz de Barahona has three municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main product in the municipality is a very good coffee ("Barahona Type Coffee"), grown in the mountains of Eastern Bahoruco.

There are also some important industries, mainly to produce textiles to send to other countries, and sugar in the "Ingenio Barahona" ("Barahona Sugar Factory").

There is a port in the city; it is used to send coffee and sugar to other countries.

Sindh

Sindh () () is a province in Pakistan. The provincial capital of Sindh is Karachi. Sindh has a population of 47.9 million people and an area of 54,407 mi² or (140,914 km²). The provincial region of Sindh is larger than Greece but smaller than Tajikistan,

The province of Sindh and the people inhabiting the region are named after the river known as the Sindhu River and now called the Indus River. 

The Greeks who conquered Sindh in 325 BC under Alexander the Great called it "Indós", hence the modern "Indus". A study said, the Ancient Gypsy hail from Sindh from the Rohri Taluka in the Sukkur District

Sindh () is one of the provinces of Pakistan. Sindh was home to one of the world's oldest civilizations, the Indus Valley Civilization which is 5,500 years old 'Hind' word is derived from the words 'Sindh' and while its worth noting that Hind was known because of Sind by the early persian and Arabs '. On the 26th of June in 1947 "Sindh" joined Pakistan by a majority vote of members of the 1947 provincial legislature.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa () is a province in northwest Pakistan. The capital is Peshawar and it has a population of 14 million people and an area of 28,773 mi² or (74,521 km²). The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a Punjab province of the British India Empire. A referendum was held in the North West Frontier Province on 2 July 1947. The majority of voters wanted to join with Pakistan, with only a very small number voting to join with India. The province became a part of Pakistan, because of this referendum.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is divided into 26 districts. There are 21 Settled Area Districts and 5 Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) Districts. The administration of the PATA districts is the responsibility the President of Pakistan and the Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
For over a hundred years from its founding as a province of British India in 1901, it was known as the North-West Frontier Province. Afghania is another name long considered as a replacement for North-West Frontier Province. It was proposed first by the founding leaders of the Muslim League in 1933 and was at least partly chosen to represent the first "a" in "Pakistan. In 2010 it was renamed.

"Pakhtunkhwa" (and the other transliteration variants) is derived from "Pakhtun" and "khwa", the former refers to the ethnic group and the latter literally means "heart".

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa sits primarily on the Iranian plateau and comprises the junction where the slopes of the Hindu Kush mountains on the Eurasian plate give way to the Indus-watered hills approaching South-central Asia. This situation has led to seismic activity in the past. The famous Khyber Pass links the province to Afghanistan, while the Kohalla Bridge in Circle Bakote Abbottabad is a major crossing point over the Jhelum River in the east.

The province has an area of 28,773 mi² or (74,521 km²) — comparable in size to New England in North America.
Peshawar, Mardan, Kohat, Abbottabad, Dera Ismail Khan and Hangu are the main cities. It borders on Afghanistan.

The region varies in topography from dry rocky areas in the south to forests and green plains in the north. The climate can be extreme with intensely hot summers to freezing cold winters. Despite these extremes in weather, agriculture remains important and viable in the area.

The hilly terrain of Kalam, Upper Dir, Swat, Naran and Kaghan is renowned for its beauty and attracts a great many tourists from neighboring regions and from around the world. Swat is popular among tourists as the "Switzerland of South Asia" as there are many landscape similarities between it and the mountainous terrain of Switzerland.

Geographically the province could be divided into two zones: the northern one extending from the ranges of the Hindu Kush to the borders of Peshawar basin and the southern one extending from Peshawar to the Derajat basin.

The northern zone is cold and snowy in winters with heavy rainfall and pleasant summers with the exception of Peshawar basin, which is hot in summer and cold in winter. It has moderate rainfall. The southern zone is arid with hot summers and relatively cold winters and scanty rainfall.

The major rivers that cross through the province are the Kabul, Swat, Chitral, Kunar, Siran, Panjgora, Bara, Kurram, Dor, Haroo, Gomal and Zhob.

Its snow-capped peaks and lush green valleys of unusual beauty have enormous potential for tourism.

According to the 1998 census, the population of the province was approximately 20 million, of whom 52% are males and 48% are females. The density of population is 187 per km² and the intercensal change of population is of about 30%.

In KPK about 70% of the people are Pashtuns and they speak Pashto as a first language. Other widely spoken languages are Erina, Kalami, Khowar, Kohistani, and Yidgha. Panjabi is understood by majority of the people.

The President of Pakistan appoints a Governor as head of the provincial government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. There is a directly-elected Provincial Assembly, which has 124 elected members (including 22 seats reserved for women and 3 seats for non-Muslims). The Provincial Assembly elects a Chief Minister to act as the chief executive of the province, assisted by a cabinet of ministers.


Balochistan, Pakistan

Balochistan () is a province in Pakistan. The capital of Balochistan is Quetta. Balochistan has a population of about 10 million people and an area of 134,051 mi or (347,190 km). It covers 45% of Pakistani territory; in terms of area the province of Balochistan is greater in area than Republic of the Congo but smaller than Germany. 

Baluchistan (Chief commissioners province) - seceded from British India and became part of Pakistan in 1947. On the 30th of June in 1947 the "Khan of Kalat" joined Pakistan; tribal gathering and municipality of Quetta also declared for Pakistan. Baluchistan States Union - The BSU was formed after the formal Accession of four individual princely states into the new Dominion of Pakistan on the 31st of March in 1948, apart from the enclave of Gwadar that was in cessation from Oman to Pakistan on the 8th of September in 1958. Both CCP & BSU became the New Province of Balochistan on the 1st of July in 1970, after the dissolution of the former "West Pakistan" and is an “Integral Part of Pakistan”.

In common with the other provinces of Pakistan, Balochistan has a parliamentary system of government. The ceremonial head of the province is the Governor, who is appointed by the President of Pakistan on the advice of the provincial Chief Minister. The chief executive of the province is the Chief Minister who is normally the leader of the largest party or alliance in the provincial assembly. The unicameral Provincial Assembly of Balochistan comprises 65 seats of which 4% are reserved for non-Muslims and 16% for women only. The judicial branch of government is carried out by the Balochistan High Court, based in Quetta, and headed by a Chief Justice. For administrative purposes, the province is subdivided into 30 districts:

The Baloch people once referred to their land as "Moka" or "Maka", a word which later became "Makran". "Moka" might have been an adaptation of "Mahi-khoran", Persian for "fish eaters", an appellation used by the Persians of the west for the people of coastal Balochistan. Arrian, in his "Anabasis Alexandri", referred to the people of the region as the "ichythophagi", a Greek translation of "Mahi-khoran".

Balochistan is referred to in Pashto as "Gwadar" or "Godar" (also "Godar-khwa", i.e., "the land by water"). The Greeks, who derived the names of Iranian lands from the Bactrian language, Hellenised it to Gedrosia.

In an eleventh-century Sanskrit compilation of Jataka tales (Avadānakalpalatā) by Kshemendra of Kashmir, the land is called "Baloksh" (बलोक्ष). From Baloksh, the name evolved and was Persianised to Balochistan. The area is named after the numerous Baloch (or Baluch, Balouch, Balooch, Balush, Balosh, Baloosh, Baloush) tribes, an Iranian people, who moved into the area from the west around 1000 A.D. The name Balochistan means "the land of the Baloch" in many regional languages.

The Balochi, Pashto and Brahui languages are spoken in the balochistan province, Sindhi language is also spoken by indigenous Sindhi people of Balochistan since ancient times, the Jadgali, Lasi, Siraiki & Khetrani are few major dialects of Sindhi language which are spoken in south and eastern parts of balochistan. The southern part of Balochistan is known as Makran. There are also relatively smaller communities of Iranian Baloch, Hazaras, Dehwars and other settlers, including Punjabis, Uzbeks, and Turkmens.

Balochistan is in south-west Pakistan. The area is . It is Pakistan's largest province by area constituting 44% of Pakistan's total land mass. The province is bordered by Afghanistan to the north and north-west, Iran to the south-west, Punjab and Sindh, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas to the north-east. To the south lies the Arabian Sea. Balochistan is located on the south-eastern part of the Iranian plateau. It borders the geopolitical regions of the Greater Middle East and Southwest Asia, Central Asia and South-central Asia. Balochistan lies at the mouth of the Strait of Hormuz and provides the shortest route from seaports to Central Asia. Its geographical location has placed the otherwise desolate region in the scopes of competing global interests like Afghanistan for all of recorded history.

The capital city Quetta is in a densely populated portion of the Sulaiman Mountains in the north-east of the province. It is situaed in a river valley near the Bolan Pass which has been used as the route of choice from the coast to Central Asia, entering through Afghanistan's Kandahar region. The British and other historic empires have crossed the region to invade Afghanistan by this route.

Balochistan is rich in exhaustible and renewable resources; it is the second major supplier of natural gas in Pakistan. The province's renewable and human resource potential has not been systematically measured nor exploited due to pressures from within and without Pakistan. Local inhabitants have chosen to live in towns and have relied on sustainable water sources for thousands of years.


Italian Campaign (World War I)

The Italian campaign was a series of battles fought between Austria-Hungary and Italy in the mountains of northern Italy between 1915 and 1918. 

Italy did not fight for the Triple Alliance, despite promises to Germany and Austria-Hungary, in 1914, when World War I started. In 1915, Italy joined the Triple Entente to take part of Austria-Hungary. Italian irredentism wanted the province of Trento ("Trentino"), the port of Trieste and the province of Bolzano-Bozen ("Alto Adige/Südtirol"), Istria, and Dalmatia.

Italy had hoped to begin the war with a surprise attack to act quickly and capture several Austrian-held cities. However, the war in Italy soon turned to trench warfare, which was similar to that of the Western Front. 

Choudhary Rahmat Ali

Chaudhry Rahmat Ali or Rehmat Ali Khan (November 16, 1897 - February 12, 1951) was an Indian Muslim who was one of the first people to ask for the creation of the state of Pakistan. He is famous for coining the name, or term "Pakistan" on January 28, 1933. 

In Pakistan he has considerable importance. His articles are taught in the course books of Pakistani schools.

Abbottabad

Abbottabad is a city in Pakistan. It is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is the capital of Abbottabad District. It is also known as the "city of the pines". More that 1.4 million people live in the city. One of the most important places for army training in Pakistan, the Pakistan Military Academy, is in Kakul, near Abbottabad.

Abbottabad is in the Orash valley, between the two parallel mountain ranges of Mount Sarban and Mount Shimla. In addition to being the district capital, it is also the capital of the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is linked by road to Haripur and Rawalpindi to the South, Mansehra to the North-West and Murree to the East.

The city of Abbottabad is named after Major James Abbott – a British soldier and administrator who founded the city during British rule in 1853. British rule in this area lasted from 1849 until Pakistan became independent in 1947. During this time, Abbottabad was an important army garrison or base for the British Indian Army. 

The people of Abbottabad are mostly from the Syed (shahs), Karlal, Dhund Abbasi, Gurjar, Awan, Tanoli and Jadoon tribes. It is a peaceful area with high literacy and low crime rates. The main language, or dialect, spoken here is Hindko dialect of Panjabi. In the rural suburbs of the town people practice some agriculture, whereas the town itself offers many commercial and business opportunities of different types.

Although the original old town of Abbottabad has expanded a lot, much of its original 1850s town, civil lines and cantonment still survive from the time of the British Raj. Some of its old sights are of special historical interest to tourists, including St Luke's Church, Abbottabad and the Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad. The fine Lady Garden Park is also a popular place.

In May 2011, commandos from the US Navy attacked a large house in Kakul area close to Abbottabad and killed five people. The Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been living in the house, and was one of the people who were killed there.


Abbottabad District

Abbottabad District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The district has an area of 1,969 km, with the city of Abbottabad being the capital. Neighbouring districts are Mansehra to the north, Muzaffarabad to the east, Haripur to the west, and Rawalpindi to the south.

The district is named after Major James Abbott, the first deputy commissioner of Hazara (1849–1853).

According to the 1981 census data for Abbottabad tehsil, 95% of the population have Hindko dialect of Panjabi as their first language, while Pashto account for 1.7% and 0.9% respectively.

The Ayubia National Park was established in 1984, this park covers an area of over 3,312 ha.

The Qalanderabad game reserve was established in 1980 with an area of 8,940ha.

Abbottabad district is divided into four tehsils, Abbottabad, Lower Tanawal, Havelian and Lora Hazara as well as one urban administration area - Nawanshehr.
There are fifty-one Union Councils in the district, 35 in Abbottabad tehsil and 16 in Havelian. These are:


Bannu District

Bannu District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Bannu is the capital.

