Trinity College, Cambridge

Trinity College is a college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England. Trinity has more students than any other college in Cambridge or Oxford. It is also the wealthiest Oxbridge college. It owns the O2 Arena. It is one of the three royal colleges.

Trinity College was formed by King Henry VIII in 1564 when two colleges merged together. These two colleges were Michaelhouse, which had been formed by Hervey de Stanton in 1324, and King's Hall, which had been formed by King Edward II in 1317 and formed again in 1337 by King Edward III.

Two members of the British royal family and six British prime ministers have studied at Trinity College.

Of the 90 people from Cambridge who have won Nobel prizes, 32 were from Trinity College.

Famous people who have studied there include Isaac Newton (who went there in 1661), Charles III and Ludwig Wittgenstein.

The first time that the rules of association football were written down was at Trinity in 1848.

Trinity College's Wren Library is the biggest library at Cambridge. It has around 300,000 books and is open to the public.


Al Wistert

Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert (December 28, 1920 – March 5, 2016) was a former All-Pro American football player. He played college football at the University of Michigan with the Wolverines. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He played in the National Football League for the Phil-Pitt Steagles in 1943 and the Philadelphia Eagles from 1944 to 1951. He is named on the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll.

He has his college jersey #11 retired at the University of Michigan and his NFL jersey #70 retired by the Philadelphia Eagles. Outside of football he has become a successful life insurance salesman which he had for 40 years. He was married to his wife Ellie for 61 years before her death and he has three daughters and three grandchildren.

Wistert died on March 5, 2016 in Grants Pass, Oregon. He was aged 95.

Alvin Wistert

Alvin "Moose" Wistert (June 26, 1916 – October 3, 2005) was an American Football player.

The Detroit News

The Detroit News is one of the two major newspapers in the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan.

Veteran

A veteran (from the Latin word "vetus", meaning "old") is a person who has a long experience in something. The term is most often used to describe people who were in the armed forces, especially those who had to fight in a war.

The Royal British Legion began in 1921 after the First World War.

At the end of the American Revolution Army and Navy Officers formed the Society of the Cincinnati. After the US Civil War Veterans from the opposing sides formed their own associations:


After the Spanish-American War of 1898 Veterans formed an associations which still exists, called the Veterans of Foreign Wars. After World War I veterans formed the American Legion

There is also the:

Besançon

Besançon is a city in France. It was the capital of the former Free County ("Franche-Comté") region. It is the prefecture of the Doubs department. Its population is around 117,600 (2008).
Besançon is an old city. It is discovered in 58 BC and Julius Caesar writes about it in his book Commentarii de Bello Gallico where it is called "Vesontio". The etymology (origin of the word) is not certain. It could have a Celtic origin. The Celtic word "wes" means mountain. In the 4th century, the letter B became V. The city name changed to "Besontio" or "Bisontion". It became Besançon in 1243. In 1871 the city is going through a revolutionary period, known as Besançon Commune.

The city has a Renaissance citadel. It was later used by the Nazis during World War II.

Besançon has an oceanic climate and a continental climate. The average temperature is 10.2 °C (50 °F). The warmest month of the year is July (18.9 °C or 66 °F) and the coldest month is January (1.6 °C or 35 °F). Besançon receives about 1108 mm (44 inches) of precipitation per year. The wettest month is May (111.4 mm or 4.4 in); the driest is July (80.5 mm or 3.2 in). The highest temperature ever, recorded on 31 July 1983, was 38.8 °C (101.8 °F), and the lowest was a −20.7 °C (−5.3 °F) reached on 1 January 1985.


Besançon is twinned with:

Hunter Valley

The Hunter Valley is an area of New South Wales, Australia. The Hunter River flows through the valley. The Hunter Valley is one of the largest river valleys on the NSW coast. It is known for its wineries and coal mines. It is about to and less than 2 hours drive from north of Sydney, Australia. About 590,000 people live in the valley. More than half of the people live in the coastal cities of Newcastle and Lake Macquarie. There are also other towns and villages across the valley. There are 11 Local Government Areas that look after the area. These eleven LGAs are:


Notes

Mulhouse

Mulhouse is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

The "commune" is in the historical and cultural region of Alsace, close to the Swiss and German borders.

Mulhouse dates back to the XIIth century.
Medieval Mulhouse consists of an upper and a lower town.

Mulhouse is in the southern part of the plain of Alsace in the Haut-Rhin department. Two rivers run through Mulhouse, the Doller and the Ill, both tributaries of the Rhine.

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Mulhouse to other cities are:

The "commune" of Mulhouse is surrounded by the "communes" Riedisheim, Rixheim, Morschwiller-le-Bas and Pfastatt.

The area around Mulhouse, at an altitude of about , is characterized by climates with few extremes of temperature. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Strasbourg is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Mulhouse is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Mulhouse is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Mulhouse are known, in French, as "Mulhousiens" (women: "Mulhousiennes").

With a population of 111,167, Mulhouse has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Mulhouse

Mulhouse forms, together with 19 other "communes", the urban area of Mulhouse with a population of 246,693 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Mulhouse, formed by 60 "communes" with a population of 285,603 inhabitants and an area of .

Mulhouse is a subprefecture of the Haut-Rhin department since 1857. It is the capital of the Mulhouse "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of 3 cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération".

Mulhouse is twinned with:



Boulogne-Billancourt

Boulogne-Billancourt (often called Boulogne or Boulbi) is a town in the western suburbs of Paris in France. Boulogne-Billancourt is a sub-prefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine département. It is in the Île-de-France region. Its population is around 106,000. Its land area is 6.17 km². Its population density is 17,877/km².

Boulogne-Billancourt is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe. Several major communication companies headquarters are in Boulbi. The hospital Ambroise-Paré Hospital is in the city and one campus of the École supérieure des sciences commerciales d'Angers.

Perpignan

Perpignan () is a city in the south of France. It is also a commune and the capital of the Pyrénées-Orientales department. Perpignan was the capital of the old province and county of Roussillon ("Rosselló" in Catalan) and continental capital of the Kingdom of Majorca in the 13th and 14th centuries.

Perpignan was named, from 2001, as a "City of Art and History" () by the French Ministry of Culture and Communication.

Perpignan is mentioned in a document from 927 as "Villa Perpinianum". Later, there are other, but similar, names:

In Catalan, the regional language of the Pyrénées-Orientales, the name of the city is "".

The medieval town of Perpignan seems to have been founded around the beginning of the 10th century (first mentioned in a document as "villa Perpinianum" in 927). Soon Perpignan became the capital of the County of Roussillon. The last Count of Rossillon, Girard II, gave his lands in 1172 to the King of Aragón and Count of Barcelona.

Perpignan was made a partly self-governing commune in 1197. The French king Louis IX gave the Roussillon to the Kingdom of Aragón by the Treaty of Corbeil (1258).
When James I the Conqueror, king of Aragon and count of Barcelona, founded in 1229 the Kingdom of Majorca, Perpignan became the capital of the territory on the mainland. This continued from 1278 to 1344. The "Castle of the Kings of Majorca" () was built during this period. The different parts of the kingdom were the Balearic Islands, Northern Catalonia (Roussillon and Cerdagne) and the coastal area of Montpellier.

This period is considered the golden age in the history of the city. Perpignan became an important center of cloth industry, leather and goldsmiths' and other crafts.

In 1344 Peter IV of Aragon took the Kingdom of Majorca and Perpignan once more became part of the County of Barcelona. A few years later Perpignan lost approximately half of its population to the Black Death. Perpignan was attacked and occupied by Louis XI of France in 1463, but in 1493 Charles VIII of France gave it back to Ferdinand II of Aragon.

Again Perpignan was taken by the French during the Thirty Years' War in September 1642. Perpignan was finally given by Spain to France, and from then on it is part of France.
The coat of arms of Perpignan shows, as is the case in other cities in the region, the patron saint of the city. Here St John the Baptist is represented in front of the Catalan colours (yellow and red) with a lamb and a Christian cross in his hands, and walking above water.

Perpignan is at the centre of Roussillon, an old province organized around an agricultural plain. The city is at approximately from the Mediterranean Sea and about from the Pyrenees mountain range.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Perpignan is in the valley of the Têt river, in the Roussillon plain which is bordered to the south by the Pyrenees, to the west by the region of Corbières and to the east by the Mediterranean Sea. The old city is on the right side of the Têt river, where the small river La Basse joins the Têt.

It is the southernmost of the great cities of metropolitan France ().

The cities of Pia and Cabestany are now part of Perpignan, while Bompas, Saleilles, Canohès, Toulouges, Le Soler, Baho, Saint-Estève and Rivesaltes are all close to the city limits. Nearest cities are Narbonne to the north (65 km), Montpellier towards the northeast (150 km), Barcelona to the south (190 km) and Toulouse to the northwest (200 km). The distance to Paris is .

The climate of Perpignan is a warm Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"), with mild winters and dry summers and warm.

The average temperature for the year in Perpignan is 15.6 °C (60.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 23.9 °C (75.0 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 8.3 °C (47.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Perpignan is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

The men of Perpignan are called "perpignanais" (women, "perpignanaises"); in Catalan, "perpinyanès" for a man and "perpinyanesa" for a woman.

In Perpignan, both French and Catalan are spoken, as can be seen in the street signs.

With a population in 2014 of 120,605, Perpignan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Perpignan

Perpignan forms with 66 "communes" the urban area of Perpignan with a population of 313,861 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . The centre of this urban area is the metropolitan area of Perpignan, formed by 15 "communes" with a population of 197,715 inhabitants and an area of .

Perpignan is the prefecture of the Pyrénées-Orientales department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Perpignan and the administrative centre () of six cantons: 

It is part of the intercommunality "Perpignan Méditerranée" ().

Perpignan is twinned with:
Twinned towns
Partner towns
Traditional commerce is in wine and olive oil, corks (the cork oak "Quercus suber" grows in Perpignan's mild climate), wool and leather, and iron.



Murrurundi

Murrurundi is a small country town in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales. Murrurundi is by road from Newcastle and km from Sydney. In 2006 there were 2162 people (ABS 2006) living in Murrurundi. The town is circled by mountains of the Liverpool Range. It is on the Pages River, which flows into the Hunter River. The name "Murrurundi" is from an Aboriginal word meaning "Five fingers". This is the name given to a group of rocks at the north end of the town.

The first people to live in the Murrurundi area were the Australian aboriginal people, the Wanaruah and the Kamilaroi. European settlement of the area began in the 1820s. Benjamin Hall, the father of bushranger Ben Hall started a cattle farm in the area in 1839. The town was started by the New South Wales government in 1840. In the same year, a local land owner - Thomas Haydon - started his own town called Haydonton. Benjamin Hall opened a butcher's shop in Haydonton in 1842. Ben Hall lived here until the age of 13. In 1913, the two towns were joined together to make the modern-day town of Murrurundi.

Kerosene shale was first mined at Mount Temi, north of Murrurundi in 1886. The mine was reopened in 1910. The shale was moved from the mine on a rope system known as an aerial ropeway. It was then loaded onto trains at a railway built at Temple Court, just west of Murrurundi. The mine closed in the First World War.

Every year there is a rodeo and the King of the Ranges stockman (cowboy) contest. Other sports played in the town include rugby, touch football, swimming, and cricket.

Murrurundi railway station is on the Main North railway line, from Sydney. The station opened in 1872. There is a large brick station-house, a passing loop and goods yard.
There is a train to and from Sydney and Armidale/Moree every day.

Roubaix

Roubaix is a city in the Nord department, in the Hauts-de-France region, in north France. About 94,000 live there at about 7,119 people per square kilometer. It is near the cities Lille and Tourcoing. There is a metro and tram line between Roubaix and these places. Roubaix is near the Belgian border. The city is well known for its cycling race Paris-Roubaix which is over 259.5 km and includes almost 50 km of cobblestone sections.

Roubaix is twinned with:


Pau, France

Pau is a commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is the "prefecture" (capital) of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. It is also the capital of 6 "cantons" in the department: Jurançon, Pau-Centre, Pau-Est, Pau-Nord, Pau-Ouest and Pau-Sud.

Pau is the second city of Aquitaine, after Bordeaux. Pau was also the capital of the old historical province of Béarn.

Pau is at about from Bordeaux and from Toulouse, on a 200 m elevation overlooking the valley of a mountain river called the Gave de Pau, and at from the Atlantic Ocean and at from the Pyrenees.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Pau is surrounded by the "communes" Buros, Montardon, Morlaàs, Bizanos, Idron, Gelos, Jurançon,Lons and Billère.

The climate of Pau is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfb"), with mild winters and warm summers.

The average temperature for the year in Pau is 13.5 °C (56.3 °F). The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of 20.7 °C (69.3 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 6.6 °C (43.9 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Pau is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

With a population of 77,575, Pau has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Pau are known, in French, as "Paulois" (women: "Pauloises").

Pau is the "prefecture" of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department since 1796. It is also the capital of four "Cantons":

Pau is twinned with:


John Dunn

John Dunn (14 December 1846 – 19 March 1866) was an Australian bushranger. He was only 17 years old when he joined up with Ben Hall and John Gilbert and became a member of their gang.

He was born at Murrumburrah near Yass, New South Wales. His parents were Michael Dunn and Margaret Kelly. Dunn was only a small youth and worked as a jockey. He had robbed a Chinese gold miner and been in trouble with the police. 

Dunn was a member of the gang when they tried to rob the mail coach near Jugiong on 16 November 1864. Gilbert shot Sergeant Parry to death during the robbery. The government already had offered reward money for the capture of the Gilbert and Hall; they now offered £500 for John Dunn.

The bushrangers spent Christmas, 1864, with Dunn's parents at Murrumburrah. After visiting Dunn's grandfather, John Kelly, near Binalong they rode to Binda on Boxing Day, 26 December. Gilbert and Dunn spent the night dancing at the Flag Hotel. Hall stood at the door and stopped people from going to get the police.

On 26 January 1865, Hall, Gilbert and Dunn were at Collector, south of Goulburn. While Hall and Gilbert were robbing the hotel, John Dunn stayed outside to watch for the police. Most of the police were out in the bush searching for the bushrangers. Policeman, Constable Samuel Nelson, was told the bushrangers were at the hotel. He told his wife he would "have to do his best". As he walked up to the hotel Dunn fired two shots into his face. Nelson was the father of nine children. One of the children saw the shooting. The bushrangers stole Nelson's gun, and his personal belongings and then left the town. During the next three months, the gang continued to rob from farmhouses and mail coaches.

In May 1865, Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn were made "outlaws"; they could be killed by anyone at anytime. Hall was found by the police in the bush near Forbes, New South Wales and shot dead. A week later, Gilbert was shot by the police at the home of John Kelly, Dunn's grandfather, near Binalong, on 13 May. Dunn was able to escape, although he was also shot. Dunn's Grandfather had told the police where the bushrangers were so that he could get the reward money. 

Dunn went into hiding near Quambone Station (a farm) but another friend told the police where he was living. Dunn was badly hurt when the police went to capture him on 26 December 1865. Even though he was hurt, he climbed out of the police station window but was soon caught again. He was taken to Sydney to be tried in court. On 19 January 1866, he was found guilty of killing Nelson and sentenced to death. He was hanged on 19 March 1865 at the Darlinghurst Gaol. He was only 19 years old. He is buried in the old Devonshire Street cemetery in Sydney.

Gianfranco Zola

Gianfranco Zola OBE (born 5 July 1966) is an Italian former football player, who is now the manager of West Ham United.

As a footballer he played for Napoli, Parma, Chelsea and Cagliari He was renowned for his technique, skill and dribbling. In total, he played in 632 league games and scored 184 goals in his career. He became manager of West Ham on 11 September 2008, replacing Alan Curbishley, after he stopped working as Italy Under-21's manager.

403||125
229||59
632||184

!Total||35||9

Asnières-sur-Seine

Asnières-sur-Seine is a town in France near Paris. It is in the region Île-de-France and the department Hauts-de-Seine. About 76,000 people live there. It is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe (its density is 17,178/km²).

"Asnières-sur-Seine" used to just be called Asnières. The name Asnières was first mentionned in 1158 as "Asnerias", from Medieval Latin "asinaria", meaning "donkey farm". The soil of Asnières was poor, where heather grew in Medieval times, was probably only good enough for breeding donkeys.

Different famous companies are located in Asnières:


Fort-de-France

Fort-de-France is the capital of the French Caribbean oversees department of Martinique. It is one of the major cities in the Caribbean. Martinique exports sugar, rum, tinned fruit, and cacao from the port in Fort-de-France.

Fort-de-France is twinned with:

Drake Bell

Drake Jared Bell (born June 27, 1986) is an American actor, singer. Bell has released a song for Nickelodeon television series Drake & Josh named "I Found a Way".

Bell was born in Santa Ana, California in 1986. On December 29, 2005, he was badly hurt in a car accident in Los Angeles. He was in the car with a friend. and an oncoming vehicle hit Bell's car, This caused a broken neck, six dislodged teeth, a broken jaw and a deep cut across his chin. Bell had plastic surgery to fix his face.

In 2018, he married Janet Von Schmeling. They have one child, Schmeling filed for divorce in 2022.

During an interview for the 2024 documentary "Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV", Bell revealed that Brian Peck, an acting coach, had allegedly sexually abused him during his time acting on "The Amanda Show".

Bell started to act when he was 5 years old. At the age of 8, he wrote his first song. When he was 9, he played "Tyler" in the movie "Ghost". In 1993, he started to act in "The Amanda Show" with Amanda Bynes. He played Drake Parker on the television series "Drake & Josh". In 2002, Bell played in the movies "Superhero!" and "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh".

Bell learned to play guitar when he was 13. On August 23, 2005, he started to sell his first album, "Telegraph". In December 2006, he started to sell his second album, "Its Only Time". His third album was released in 2014. 

Bell has made comments that have upset a lot of people. He made a negative comment when Caitlyn Jenner appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair. He deleted the comment soon after he posted it but it was still seen by many readers. In an interview with Buzzfeed he made comments against stars such as Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande. He got into still another controversy with a Justin Bieber fan wishing him death.

On June 4, 2021, Bell was arrested in Cleveland, Ohio, on charges relating to "attempted endangering [of] children and disseminating matter harmful to juveniles." Bell had sent a minor "inappropriate social media messages" for "months. On June 23, Bell pleaded guilty to both charges. On July 12, 2021, Bell's victim made a public appearance and statement accusing him of sexually assaulting her while she was underage. Bell was sentenced to two years of probation and 200 hours of community service.

Saffron

Saffron () is a spice made from the stigma of the flower of the saffron plant. The spice is used in cooking as a seasoning and as a food colouring. It is native to Southwest Asia. It is the world's most expensive spice, and has been for a long time.

Saffron has a bitter taste and smells like hay. This smell is caused by the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal. Saffron also contains a dye, crocin, that gives food a rich golden colour. Saffron is a part of many foods from around the world, and is also used in medicine.

The word "saffron" comes from the 12th century Old French word ', which comes from the Latin word '. ' is also related to the Italian ' and Spanish '. "Safranum" comes from the Arabic word ' which means "yellow".

The cultivated saffron (saffron crocus "C. sativus") flowers in the autumn and comes up every year. It is a perennial plant. It does not grow wild, and is a triploid form of the eastern Mediterranean plant called "Crocus cartwrightianus". It is thought that "C. cartwrightianus" came from Crete. The saffron crocus resulted when "C. cartwrightianus" was subjected to a lot of artificial selection by growers who wanted plants with longer stigmas. It can not reproduce because the saffron crocus's purple flowers do not produce useful seeds. This means that reproduction needs human help. The corms (underground bulb-like starch-storing organs) must be dug up, broken apart, and planted again. A corm lives for only one season. It is reproduced by splitting into up to ten "cormlets" that will grow into new plants. The corms are small brown balls up to in diameter and are covered in thick parallel fibres.

After a period in summer known as "aestivation", some narrow green leaves come up from the ground. These can grow to up to in length. The number of leaves is between five and eleven. In autumn, purple buds appear. In October, after most other flowering plants have released their seeds, the saffron grows its brightly-coloured flowers, which are coloured from light to dark purple. At the time of flowering, the plant is usually less than in height. Inside each flower are three prongs, called the "style". Each prong has a crimson "stigma" of between 25 and 30 mm in length at the end of it.

The saffron crocus grows best in climates like that of the Mediterranean maquis or the North American chaparral, where hot, dry summer winds blow across the land. However, saffron can live through temperatures as cold as , and short periods of snow. Saffron needs no extra water if it grows in a wet place like Kashmir, where there is usually 1000–1500 mm of rain each year. It is also important for the rain to fall at the right time of year. There should be a lot of rain in the spring and little in the summer. Rainfall just before flowering also makes the plant give more saffron. Rainy or cold weather during flowering can cause disease, so the plant gives less saffron. Other things that can make the plant give less saffron are: the weather being damp or hot for a long time; rabbits, rats, and birds, digging in the ground near the plant; parasites such as the roundworm; fungus and corm rot. Saffron plants grow best in strong and direct sunlight. Planting is best done in fields that slope towards the sunlight (i.e. south-sloping in the Northern Hemisphere), giving the crocuses' more sunlight. In the Northern Hemisphere, planting is mostly done in June, with corms planted some 7–15 cm deep.

Growers have found that planting corms deep and in rows spaced 2–3 cm apart makes more threads, whereas planting depths of 8–10 cm makes more flowers and corms. Saffron crocuses grow best in crumbly, moist and well-drained clay soils with high organic content. They are often planted in raised beds, to help with drainage. Farmers often use 20–30 tonnes of manure per hectare on the plants before plating the corms The buds do not start to grow until early autumn, then in the middle of autumn the plants begin to flower. Picking the flowers must be done quickly: they flower at dawn, but curl up and die during the day. The flowers of the saffron crocuses only last for one or two weeks. From 150 flowers, the farmer can get about 1 g of dry saffron threads. To produce 12 g of dried saffron (72 g freshly harvested) would take about 1 kg of flowers (1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron). It can be worked out from this that one freshly picked flower makes 0.03 g of fresh saffron, or 0.007 g of dried saffron.

The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years. The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called "Crocus cartwrightianus". Humans began choosing wild plants that had long "stigmas". Gradually, a form of "C. cartwrightianus", "C. sativus", came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete. The first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal. There is evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine. Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron. Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus. Ancient Mediterranean peoples–including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek "hetaerae" courtesans–used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
In late Hellenistic Egypt, Cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good. Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all types of gastrointestinal ailments. Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in Levant cities. Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. Roman colonists took their saffron with them when they settled in southern Gaul, where it was extensively cultivated until Rome's fall. Competing theories say that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.

Paints made from saffron were being used for drawing 50,000 years ago. These have been found in the country that is today called Iraq. Later, the Sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their medicines and magical potions. Traders carried saffron for long distances before the 2nd millennium BC. Ancient Persians were growing their own type of saffron ("Crocus sativus" 'Hausknechtii') in Derbena, Isfahan, and Khorasan by the 10th century BC. Sometimes saffron threads were woven into textiles. They were given as offerings to the gods and used in dyes, perfumes, medicines, and body washes. Saffron threads were also scattered across beds and mixed into hot tea as a way of curing sad feelings. Other people were afraid that the Persians would use saffron as a drug and aphrodisiac. During his Asian campaigns, Alexander the Great used Persian saffron in his tea, rice, and baths to help heal his battle wounds. Alexander's troops copied their leader's actions and brought the habit of saffron-bathing back to Greece.

No one knows how saffron arrived in South Asia. Traditional Kashmiri and Chinese accounts date its arrival anywhere between 900–2500 years ago. Historians studying ancient Persian records date the arrival to sometime before 500 BC, saying it was either Persian transplantation of saffron corms to stock new gardens and parks or a Persian invasion and colonization of Kashmir. Phoenicians sold Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy. Saffron use in foods and dyes spread throughout South Asia. Buddhist monks in India started wearing saffron-coloured robes after the Buddha Siddhartha Gautama's death. However, the robes were not dyed with costly saffron but turmeric, a less expensive dye, or jackfruit.

Some historians believe that saffron first came to China with Mongol invaders by way of Persia. Saffron is mentioned in ancient Chinese medical texts, including the forty-volume "Shennong Bencaojing" pharmacopoeia, dating from 200–300 BC. Traditionally attributed to the legendary "Yan" ("Fire") Emperor Shennong, it documents 252 medical treatments for various disorders. Yet around the 3rd century AD Wan Zhen, a Chinese medical expert, reported that "[t]he habitat of saffron is in Kashmir, where people grow it principally to offer it to the Buddha." Wan also reflected on how saffron was used in his time: "The [saffron crocus] flower withers after a few days, and then the saffron is obtained. It is valued for its uniform yellow colour. It can be used to aromatise wine."

In Europe, saffron cultivation declined steeply following the Roman Empire's fall. Saffron was reintroduced when the Islamic civilization "Al-Andalus" spread to Spain, France, and Italy. During the 14th century Black Death, there was a huge increase in demand for saffron-based medicine. Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes. The theft of one such shipment by noblemen started the 14 week long "Saffron War". The conflict and resulting fear of rampant saffron piracy spurred significant saffron cultivation in Basel, which grew prosperous. Cultivation and trade then spread to Nuremberg, where epidemic levels of saffron adulteration brought on the "Safranschou" code. Under this law saffron adulterators were fined, imprisoned, and executed. Saffron cultivation spread throughout England, especially Norfolk and Suffolk. The Essex town of Saffron Walden, named for its new specialty crop, became England's main saffron growing and trading center. More exotic spices such as chocolate, coffee, tea, and vanilla from newly contacted Eastern and overseas countries caused European cultivation and usage of saffron to decline. Only in southern France, Italy, and Spain, did significant cultivation continue.

Europeans brought saffron to the Americas when immigrant members of the Schwenkfelder Church left Europe with a trunk containing saffron corms; indeed, many Schwenkfelders had widely grown saffron in Europe. By 1730, the Pennsylvania Dutch were growing saffron throughout eastern Pennsylvania. Spanish colonies in the Caribbean bought large amounts of this new American saffron, and high demand ensured that saffron's list price on the Philadelphia commodities exchange was set equal to that of gold. The trade with the Caribbean later collapsed in the aftermath of the War of 1812, when many saffron-transporting merchant vessels were destroyed. Yet the Pennsylvania Dutch continued to grow saffron for local trade and use in their cakes, noodles, and chicken or trout dishes. American saffron cultivation survived into modern times mainly in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.

Saffron's aroma is often described to be something like metallic honey with grassy or hay-like notes. Its taste has also been noted as hay-like and somewhat bitter. Saffron gives a light yellow-orange colouring to foods. Saffron is widely used in Iranian (Persian), Arab, Central Asian, European, Indian,Turkish, Moroccan and Cornish cuisines. Confectioneries and liquors often include saffron. Common saffron substitutes include safflower ("Carthamus tinctorius", which is often sold as "Portuguese saffron" or "assafroa") and turmeric ("Curcuma longa"). Saffron has been used as a medicine for a long time. Modern medicine has also discovered it as having anticarcinogenic (cancer-suppressing), anti-mutagenic (mutation-preventing), immunomodulating, and antioxidant-like properties. Saffron has also been used as a fabric dye, particularly in China and India, and in perfumery.
Most saffron is grown in a belt of land ranging from the Mediterranean in the west to Kashmir in the east. Around 300 tonnes of saffron are produced worldwide each year. Iran ranks first in the world production of saffron, with more than 94 percent of the world yield. Iran's annual saffron production is expected to hit 300 tons by the end of the nation's Fourth Five-Year Socioeconomic Development Plan in 2009. Other minor producers of saffron are Spain, India, Greece, Azerbaijan, Morocco, and Italy. A pound of dry saffron (0.45 kg) requires 50,000–75,000 flowers. These flowers would need about a football field's area of cultivation. Some forty hours of labour are needed to pick 150,000 flowers. Upon extraction, stigmas are dried quickly and (preferably) sealed in airtight containers. Saffron prices range from US$500/pound to US$5,000/pound (US$1100–US$11,000 per kilogram). In Western countries, the average retail price is $1,000/£500/€700 per pound (US$2200/£1100/€1550 per kilogram). A pound is between 70,000 and 200,000 threads. Vivid crimson colouring, slight moistness, elasticity, recent harvest date, and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron.
Several saffron cultivars are grown worldwide. Spain's varieties, including the tradenames 'Spanish Superior' and 'Creme', are generally mellower in colour, flavour, and aroma. Italian varieties are slightly more potent than Spanish, while the most intense varieties tend to be Iranian in origin. India has banned the export of high-grade saffron abroad. Aside from these, various "boutique" crops are available from New Zealand, France, Switzerland, England, the United States, and other countries, some organically grown. In the U.S., Pennsylvania Dutch saffron—known for its earthy notes—is marketed in small quantities.

Consumers regard certain cultivars as "premium" quality. The "Aquila" saffron ("zafferano dell'Aquila")—defined by high safranal and crocin content, shape, unusually pungent aroma, and intense colour—is grown exclusively on eight hectares in the Navelli Valley of Italy's Abruzzo region, near L'Aquila. It was first introduced to Italy by a Dominican monk from Inquisition-era Spain. In Italy the biggest saffron cultivation, for quality and quantity, is in San Gavino Monreale, Sardinia. There, saffron is grown on 40 hectares (60% of Italian production); it also has very high crocin, picrocrocin, and safranal content. Another is the Kashmiri "Mongra" or "Lacha" saffron ("Crocus sativus" 'Cashmirianus'), which is among the most difficult for consumers to obtain. Repeated droughts, blights, and crop failures in Kashmir, combined with an Indian export ban, contribute to its high prices. Kashmiri saffron is recognisable by its extremely dark maroon-purple hue, among the world's darkest, which suggests the saffron's strong flavour, aroma, and colourative effect.

Saffron types are graded by quality according to laboratory measurements of such characteristics as crocin (colour), picrocrocin (taste), and safranal (fragrance) content. Other metrics include floral waste content (i.e. the saffron spice sample's non-stigma floral content) and measurements of other extraneous matter such as inorganic material ("ash"). A uniform set of international standards in saffron grading was established by the International Organization for Standardization, which is an international federation of national standards bodies. ISO 3632 deals exclusively with saffron. It establishes four empirical grades of colour intensity: IV (poorest), III, II, and I (finest quality). Saffron samples are then assigned to one of these grades by gauging the spice's crocin content, which is revealed by measurements of crocin-specific spectroscopic absorbance. Absorbance is defined as formula_1, with formula_2 as absorbance (Beer-Lambert law). It is a measure of a given substance's transparency (formula_3, the ratio of light intensity passing through sample to that of the incident light) to a given wavelength of light.

For saffron, absorbance is determined for the crocin-specific photon wavelength of 440 nm in a given dry sample of spice. Higher absorbances at this wavelength imply greater crocin concentration, and thus a greater colour intensity. These data are measured through spectrophotometry reports at certified testing laboratories worldwide. These colour grades proceed from grades with absorbances lower than 80 (for all category IV saffron) up to 190 or greater (for category I). The world's finest samples (the selected most red-maroon tips of stigmas picked from the finest flowers) receive absorbance scores in excess of 250. Market prices for saffron types follow directly from these ISO scores. However, many growers, traders, and consumers reject such lab test numbers. They prefer a more holistic method of sampling batches of thread for taste, aroma, pliability, and other traits in a fashion similar to that practiced by practised wine tasters.

Despite such attempts at quality control and standardisation, an extensive history of saffron adulteration–particularly among the cheapest grades–continues into modern times. Adulteration was first documented in Europe's Middle Ages, when those found selling adulterated saffron were executed under the "Safranschou" code. Typical methods include mixing in other substances like beet, pomegranate fibers, red-dyed silk fibers, or the saffron crocus's tasteless and odorless yellow stamens. Other methods included dousing saffron fibers with viscid substances like honey or vegetable oil. Powdered saffron is more prone to adulteration with turmeric, paprika, and other powders. Adulteration can also consist of selling mislabeled mixes of different saffron grades. Thus, in India, high-grade Kashmiri saffron is often sold mixed with cheaper Iranian imports. These mixes are marketed as pure Kashmiri saffron, a development that has cost Kashmiri growers much of their income.


TobyMac

Kevin Michael "Toby" McKeehan (born October 22, 1964 in Fairfax, Virginia), better known as TobyMac, is a well known Christian singer from the band dc Talk. The band separated in 2000 to pursue solo careers. Some of his most notable songs are "Made to Love", "Burn for You", "Boomin", "City on Our Knees", "Me Without You", and "Feel It". He has also released a live album, "Alive and Transported".

DC Talk

DC Talk (also written as dc Talk) is a well-known Christian rock/rap band, most famous for its song "Jesus Freak". The band started in 1988, and was part of the rise in popularity of the contemporary Christian music genre during the 1990s. The band split up in 2000 to have solo careers.

Argenteuil

Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France. Argenteuil is a sub-prefecture of the Val-d'Oise department.

Argenteuil is the second most populated town in the suburbs of Paris (after Boulogne-Billancourt) and the most populated commune in the Val-d'Oise department; however it is not the prefecture. Its population is about 94,000 (1999).

Claude Monet painted things in Argenteuil many times.



Colombes

Colombes is a town in the northwest suburbs of Paris, France. Its in the region Île-de-France and the department Hauts-de-Seine. Its population is about 77,000.


Virgin birth of Jesus

The virgin birth of Jesus is a belief held by Christians and Muslims. It says that Mary, Jesus' mother, was a virgin even after she became pregnant with Jesus. By the 2nd century, most people in the Christian church believed this. The idea of the virgin birth was included in the two most common Christian creeds, the Nicene Creed and the Apostles' Creed. The Nicene Creed says that Jesus "was incarnate of the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary" (meaning that Jesus was God in human form, and was born to the Virgin Mary). The Apostles' Creed also says that Jesus was "born of the Virgin Mary." The belief was not challenged, except by some sects which were not very important, before the Enlightenment theology of the eighteenth century.

The Gospels of Matthew and Luke say that Mary was a virgin and that Jesus was created by the Holy Spirit. These Gospels started the belief that Jesus' creation was a miracle. This belief, which is now common in Christianity, says that Jesus had no natural father; no sexual intercourse and no male seed was involved in creating him. The Gospel of Matthew also says that the virgin birth of Jesus fulfills a prophecy from the Book of Isaiah.

Since the second century, the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church have taught that Mary gave birth as a virgin (meaning she stayed a "virgo intacta" - an "intact virgin" - even after giving birth).

The virgin birth of Jesus is also part of Islam. The Qur'an often describes Jesus as "Jesus, son of Mary" ("Isa bin Maryam").

According to Uta Ranke-Heinemann, the idea that Jesus was born to a virgin was not meant to be taken literally (as if it really happened). Instead, it is an allegory about something special that God did. It is like the story about how God made Adam. Both Adam and Jesus were God's creations.
Raymond Brown argues that Jesus may have been an illegitimate child. This idea first appeared around 177-180 AD. Around this time, Celsus wrote that Jesus himself had made up the story about being born to a virgin. In fact, Celsus wrote, Jesus' mother was a poor country woman who earned her money by spinning (making thread). She had been married to a carpenter, but he kicked her out. He did this because she was convicted of adultery with a soldier named Panthera. After this, she wandered around and secretly gave birth to Jesus. Later, because he was poor, Jesus found work in Egypt. There, he learned magical powers. These made him confident, and he started calling himself God.

The letters of Paul of Tarsus are thought to be the earliest texts in the New Testament. They do not say that Jesus' mother was a virgin.

In Galatians 4:4, Paul wrote:

But when the fullness of time had come, God sent his Son, born of a woman, born under the law ...

In this sentence, Paul says that Jesus was born "of a woman", not "of a virgin". This could be evidence that Paul did not know about the virgin birth of Jesus. However, when Paul was alive, when Hebrew people talked about a new baby, they usually listed only the child's father, or both parents. The fact that Paul listed no father may suggest that there was no human father.

Some people think God created Jesus without a human father so Jesus could avoid a curse. In the Old Testament (), God put a curse on Jeconiah, who had been King of Judah. God told Jeconiah that none of his family would ever 'sit on the throne of David.' David was one of Jeconiah's ancestors, and had been King of Jerusalem. says that Jeconiah was an ancestor of Joseph, Mary's husband. If Jesus was Joseph's child, Jesus would be related to Jeconiah. God's curse would keep him from being King of Jerusalem. However, because God created Jesus without a human father, Jesus was not related to Jeconiah, and could be King.

In his Epistle (letter) to the Romans, Paul says: 
People argue about what Paul meant when he said Jesus was "descended from David according to the flesh." David, Jeconiah, and Joseph were all in the same family line. For Jesus to be part of David's family line, he would have to be related to Joseph. This would mean Joseph had to be Jesus' human father. However, some people think Paul did not mean Jesus was physically descended from Joseph, only that Joseph acted like Jesus' father.

Raymond Brown argues that it is important to look at when each book in the Bible was written. He says that looking at this shows:

However, Paul, in Epistle to the Colossians 1:15, calls Jesus the "first-born Son, superior to all created things." This makes it clear that Paul saw Jesus as very special, unlike any other human being.


Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis

Montreuil is a town in the east suburbs of Paris, France. Montreuil is near the Bois de Vincennes park in the Île-de-France region and the Seine-Saint-Denis department. About 91,000 people lived there in 1999. It is the third most populated suburb of Paris (after Boulogne-Billancourt and Argenteuil).


Tourcoing

Tourcoing () is a town in the Nord department and Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France. It is near Lille and Roubaix. There is a metro and tram line between Tourcoing and these places, which are all close to the Belgian border. There is a Napoleon III-style "Hôtel de ville" (town hall) built in 1885.

Tourcoing is twinned with:



ReLoad

ReLoad is an album by Metallica. It was released in the United States on November 18, 1997 by Elektra Records. It went straight to No.1 in the "Billboard" 200. Three singles were released from it. "Better Than You" won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance. It was the last studio album by Metallica with Jason Newsted playing bass.


Consensus

Consensus is a term which describes general agreement among members of a group or community. It also means the theory and process of bringing a group together in agreement. 

The cooperative spirit of consensus is different from the competitive spirit which is brought to a point in majority voting. According to Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales,
We are really strongly focused on consensus. One criticism of Wikipedia is that the majority rules. But majority is not the right way to describe it. We strive for consensus rather than majority rule. If you are in a group of five or ten people working on an article, if 30 percent of those working on the article dissent, then continue to write the article until all but the most unreasonable agree. Those who continue to disagree are typically exhibiting non-collaborative, and sometimes abusive, behavior.



Grantland Rice

Grantland Rice (November 1, 1880–July 13, 1954) was an early 20th century American sports-writer.

Chuck Bernard

Joseph Charles "Chuck" Bernard (August 29, 1911 in Chicago, Illinois – March 1962) was a professional American football center who played for the Detroit Lions in 1934 and was a two-time All-American at the University of Michigan.

After graduating from the University of Michigan, Bernard played 10 games for the Detroit Lions in 1934.

Saint-Denis

Saint-Denis is a city and "commune" in the north suburbs of Paris, France. Saint-Denis is a sub-prefecture of the Seine-Saint-Denis departement, and is the seat of the Arrondissement of Saint-Denis. It is in the Île-de-France region. Inhabitants of Saint-Denis are called "Dionysiens".

Saint-Denis is home to the Saint Denis Basilica. France's national football stadium, Stade de France, built in 1998 for the Football World Cup is in Saint-Denis.

Saint-Denis used to be an industrial suburb, but its reconverting its economic base.

Almost every French king since Dagobert Ist, was buried in the Basilica. Saint-Denis dates back to the second century. It used to be a village called "Catolacus". Saint Denis, the first bishop of Paris, was martyred in about 250 AD. He was buried in the cemetery of Catolacus. Denis' tomb became a place of worship.

During the French Revolution in 1793, the city was renamed "Franciade", and the royal necropolis was looted and destroyed. The name was changed back in 1803.

During the Second World War, the Germans occupied Saint-Denis from June 13, 1940. The town was liberated by General Leclerc on August 27.


The painter Claude Monet was born in Saint-Denis.


Offensive

Offensive may mean:


University of Minnesota

The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (U of M or The U) is a public university. Most of the buildings are in Minneapolis, and some more buildings are about 3 miles (4.8 km) away near Saint Paul. These two parts are called the Twin Cities campus, and together they are the oldest and largest part of the University of Minnesota system. The Twin Cities campus is the flagship of the system.

The University of Minnesota is one of the Public Ivy universities in America, which is like saying they can give people an experience in college similar to the Ivy League. The University of Minnesota was started in 1851, and they are now in the Association of American Universities.

There are lots of students and teachers at the University of Minnesota. Some of them have won Nobel Prizes and Pulitzer Prizes. Some famous people who went to the University of Minnesota are Hubert Humphrey, Walter Mondale, and Bob Dylan. The nickname of the University of Minnesota is the Golden Gophers.

The University of Minnesota is structured into different units that study specific things. There are 19 units:
The University of Minnesota also has some smaller parts made up of people from across the units working together:


The campus is made up of more than 50,000 people, so the University of Minnesota is the sixth largest in the United States. There are many kinds of people that are part of the University of Minnesota, from a lot of different places and groups.

As of Fall 2017, there are 31,535 people who are studying for an undergraduate degree — that is, a level of learning that someone can get after high school. Of that number, 5,858 are new to the University of Minnesota trying to get a degree for the first time. There are also 12,614 people trying to get a degree that's even higher than an undergraduate degree, like becoming a doctor.

The campus started near the Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River, but people moved about 1 mile (1.6 km) over to the place it is today. The old site is now a small park. They closed during the American Civil War, but they opened again in 1867 when John S. Pillsbury gave some money. They were bigger by 1869, so they stopped being called preparatory school and started being called a college instead. Today there are so many buildings, there are some on both sides of the Mississippi River. The part with buildings on the east side of the river is called the ""East Bank"", and the part with buildings on the west side of the river is called the ""West Bank"".

The University of Minnesota has many buildings on the east side of the Mississippi River. To help people find their way around, these buildings are divided into several areas: the Knoll area, the Mall area, the Health area, the Athletic area, and the Gateway area.

The Knoll area is the oldest part of the University of Minnesota, and it's in the northwestern corner. Some buildings in this area are over 100 years old.

The Mall area, or Northrop Mall is in the middle. It was based on a drawing by Cass Gilbert, but that drawing was too hard to follow. There are many buildings in the Mall area that are important.

The Health area is in the southeast corner. Some buildings are part of a hospital. There's also some buildings where students live, which called a residence hall.

The Athletic area is near the health area. Some buildings are for students who want to stay healthy to use like a gymnasium. There are also stadiums and arenas for people in sports to use in student athletics.

The Gateway area is on the east side. Most of these buildings are for offices, but there are also some buildings for people who are learning about medicine and living things.

The University of Minnesota has some buildings on the west side of the Mississippi River. Some are for people to learn about theatre, dance, music, and art. There's also a big library and some buildings for people to learn about social science.

The place people call the "Saint Paul Campus" is not in Saint Paul. It's in a city called Falcon Heights, about 3 miles (4.8 km) away from the Minneapolis campus. Most of the buildings are for people to about farming and natural resources. There are also fields and quiet spots. The Saint Paul Campus is next to the Minnesota State Fairgrounds, where Minnesota has a big party every year.

Many students at the University of Minnesota are part of clubs. Some clubs are fraternities and sororities— that is, a group of students who have things in common and are close together. There are also clubs for people who are studying the same thing, or for people who want to help like a charity.

"The Minnesota Daily" is a newspaper made all by students. It was first made on May 1, 1900. It gets made twice a week, except in the summer when it's made once a week.

There's another newspaper called "The Wake Student Magazine", made all by students. It was first made in November, 2001.

Minnesota's sports teams mostly play in the Big Ten Conference. The women's ice hockey team plays in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA); the men's ice hockey team also played in the WCHA until 2013, when the Big Ten began a men's ice hockey league.

Minnesota Golden Gophers

The Minnesota Golden Gophers are the college sports team for the University of Minnesota. 


Dixie Dean

Dixie Dean (born William Ralph Dean, 22 January 1907 – 1 March 1980) was an English football player. He played for Everton F.C. during the 1920s and 30s. 

He scored more goals than any other player in English football history.

Dean was born in Birkenhead in Merseyside. He began his career at his hometown club Tranmere Rovers before moving on to Everton. He was particularly known for scoring goals with his head. Dean played most of his career at Everton. When injuries caught up with him, he moved on to Notts County. 

Dean is best known for scoring 60 goals in the 1927–28 First Division season. He also scored 18 goals in 16 appearances for England.

A statue of Dean was unveiled outside Goodison Park in 2001. A year later, he became one of the first 22 players inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame. Dean was the first Everton player to wear the number 9 shirt, and is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Everton

Sligo Rovers

England

Individual


Harry Kipke

Harry G. Kipke (March 26, 1899 - September 14, 1972) was the head football coach at the University of Michigan from 1929-1937. He is one of only three coaches in school history to direct teams to four consecutive conference championships.

Sentence (law)

In criminal law, a sentence forms the final act of a judge-ruled criminal procedure. The sentence generally involves a decree of imprisonment, a fine and/or other punishments against a defendant convicted (found guilty) of a crime. For example, a man could be given a life sentence for murder. 

Interstate 82

Interstate 82 (sometimes called I-82) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of Washington and Oregon. The road goes from Interstate 90 and U.S. Route 97 in Ellensburg, Washington southeast through Yakima, Washington, the Tri-Cities of Washington, and Umatilla, Oregon before ending at Interstate 84 in Hermiston, Oregon.

Since I-82 is north of Interstate 84, it breaks the rules for Interstate numbering. This happened because when Interstate 80N was renumbered to Interstate 84 in 1980, Interstate 82 became north of Interstate 84. The renumbering was part of a project to remove Interstates that have letters within their numbers.

The highway goes over Selah Creek on a bridge called the Fred G. Redmon Bridge. When this bridge was opened on November 2, 1971 it was the longest concrete arch bridge in North America. The bridge is 549 feet long when it goes above the creek. It is mostly north south despite ending in a 2

In 1999, the state of Oregon wanted to make Interstate 82 longer. They planned three different roads, but all of them were not chosen. The freeway also has a spur route, Interstate 182, which connects Interstate 82 to Richland, Washington and Pasco, Washington.





Wes Welker

Wesley Carter Welker (born May 1 1981, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American football wide receiver for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League.

Food coloring

A food coloring is any substance that is added to food or drink to change its color. Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home.

People associate certain colors with certain flavors. The color of the food can therefore influence its perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine.
For this reason, food manufacturers add dyes to their products. One of the reasons this is done is to simulate the colour the customer expects as "natural". An example would be to add red coloring to glacé cherries. Without coloring, the cherries would be beige. Food coloring can also be done for effect, such as a green ketchup instead of an expected red.
Most people are aware that food with bright or unnatural colors, such as the green ketchup mentioned, contains food coloring. Far fewer people know that "natural" foods such as oranges and salmon may also be dyed to hide natural variations in color. The color of foods varies through the seasons. Processing food and storing it may change its color. For these reasons, it may give a commercial advantage to add colors to food, so that it has the color expected or preferred by the customers. Some of the main reasons are:

Food colorings need to be tested before they can be used. These tests are done to make sure the coloring is not poisonous, and has no unwanted side-effects. Sometimes, different testing-bodies have different opinions on the safety of a certain coloring. In the United States, FD&C (generally indicates that the FDA has approved the colorant for use in Foods, Drugs and Cosmetics) numbers are given to approved synthetic food dyes that do not exist in nature. In the European Union, E numbers are used for all additives, both synthetic and natural, that are approved in food applications.

Most other countries have their own regulations and list of food colors which can be used in various applications, including maximum daily intake limits.

Natural colors are not required to be tested by a number of regulatory bodies throughout the world, including the United States FDA. The FDA lists "color additives exempt from certification" for food.

A growing number of natural food dyes are being commercially produced, partly due to consumer concerns surrounding synthetic dyes. Some examples include:


To make it easy to get the exact color, these color components are often available in very pure form. They can also be used with suitable carrier materials.

In the United States, certifiable color additives are available for use in food as either "dyes" or "lakes".

Dyes dissolve in water, but are not soluble in oil. Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms. They can be used in drinks, dry mixes, baked goods, confections, dairy products, pet foods and many other products. Dyes also have side effects which lakes do not, including the fact that large amounts of dyes ingested can color stools.

Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material. Lakes tint by dispersion. Lakes are not oil soluble, but are oil dispersible. Lakes are more stable than dyes and are ideal for coloring products containing fats and oils or items lacking sufficient moisture to dissolve dyes. Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and donut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc etc.

Because food dyes are generally safer to use than normal artistic dyes and pigments, some artists have used food coloring as a means of making pictures, especially in forms such as body-painting.
Food colorings can be used to dye fabric, but are usually not wash-fast when used on cotton, hemp and other plant fibres. Some food dyes can be fixed on Nylon and animal fibers.

In the past, research has not shown any link between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and food dyes. Newer studies show that synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents can make the symptoms of ADD and ADHD worse. The older studies were inclonclusive on this point, perhaps because the clinical methods of measuring this behavior were inappropriate. Parents' reports of food additives proved to be better indicators whether additives were present than clinical tests. Several major studies show academic performance increased and disciplinary problems decreased in large non-ADD student populations when artificial ingredients and artificial coloring were eliminated from school food programs.


Varsity letter

A varsity letter (or monogram) is an award in the United States for excellence in school activities. They are typically awarded to student athletes who have played on a varsity team. 


Free content

Free content, or free information, is any kind of work, artwork, or other creative content which does not have lots of legal restrictions about how people can use it. People have freedom to make changed versions of the content, give changed and not changed versions of the content to others, and sell copies of the content and changed versions of it. The author of free content does not use all of his copyright monopoly, he gives many of the rights to others. The articles in Wikipedia are free content.

Free software is different from free music or text, because it is often much more difficult to understand and change a program if one does not have its source code, than it is to change a song or a text. Because of that, the source code of free software must always be easy to receive, or the software will not be free. However, source code for pictures, movies and music can also exist and be given to others. Choosing what to call a “source code” is sometimes important when publishing a work under a copyleft license.

Ted Petoskey

Frederick Lee "Ted" Petoskey (born January 5, 1911 in St. Charles, Michigan, died November 30, 1996 in Elgin, South Carolina) was a sportsman at the University of Michigan. He played three sports - American football, basketball, and baseball.

Interstate 5

Interstate 5 (sometimes called I-5, or in Southern California, The 5) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. The road goes from Mexican Federal Highway 1 at the United States-Mexican border to British Columbia Highway 99 at the United States-Canadian border. It is the main interstate highway of the West Coast. Nearly 60% of its length is in California.


Earned run average

In baseball, earned run average (abbreviated to ERA) is the mean of earned runs given up by a pitcher. It is measured per nine innings pitched in Major League Baseball. ERA is found by dividing the number of earned runs allowed by the number of innings pitched and multiplying by nine. For example, if a pitcher allowed 25 runs during 95 innings pitched, his ERA would be 25 / 95 x 9, or 2.37.

Interstate 90

Interstate 90 (sometimes called 90) is a very long Interstate Highway in the United States. It goes across the country from Interstate 5 in Seattle to Logan International Airport in Boston and is the longest Interstate Highway. I-90 runs through the states of Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Massachusetts.

In some states, drivers have to pay a toll to use Interstate 90.

Washington State Department of Transportation

The Washington State Department of Transportation (sometimes called WSDOT) is the part of the government of Washington about roads, railroads, ferries, airports, and other ways to get around. It was made in 1905 as Washington Department of Highways.

Body-painting

Body-painting (also body painting and bodypainting) is when special colors are applied to a human's skin. The colors used are temporary. Depending on the material used, paintings last between a few hours and a few weeks. 

Body-painting can be done for various reasons. Examples are:



Materpiscis

Materpiscis (Latin for "mother fish") is a genus of ptyctodontid placoderm from the late Devonian period, about 380 million years ago. A fossil of this armored placoderm shows an embryo and umbilical cord inside its body. So "Materpiscis" is the oldest known vertebrate to show viviparity (giving birth to live young). Viviparity of one kind or another is quite common in certain kinds of fish, for example sharks.

The holotype was found in the Kimberley area of northern Western Australia. Fossils from the Gogo Formation are preserved in limestone nodules, so dilute acetic acid is used to dissolve the surrounding limestone and reveal the fossil. These fossils are often preserved in three dimensions with minimal distortion.

The species was named "Materpiscis attenboroughi" in honour of David Attenborough who first drew attention to the significance of the Gogo fish sites in his 1979 series "Life on Earth".

Chevy Chase

Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase (born October 8, 1943) is an American Emmy Award-winning comedian, writer, and actor. He was one of the original cast members on "Saturday Night Live". He left after a year.

Diprotodon

Diprotodon was the largest marsupial that ever lived, or at any rate, the heaviest. Its family, the Diprotodontidae, existed from at least 1.6 million years ago until extinction some 40,000 years ago. So it lived through most of the Pleistocene epoch. Its forebears lived in the late Oligocene to early Miocene roughly 23 million years ago.

"Diprotodon" looked like a rhino without a horn. Its feet turned inwards like a wombat’s, giving it a pigeon-toed appearance. It had strong claws on the front feet, so it may have been able to dig up roots to eat. Footprints of its hairy feet have been found, so we know it had fur like a horse rather than being bald like a rhino. "Diprotodon" is found in sites all over Australia, but not in Tasmania. 

Female skeletons have been found with babies where the mother's pouch would have been. The largest specimens were hippopotamus-sized: about from nose to tail, standing tall at the shoulder and weighing about .

The animal was semi-aquatic with a life-style rather like a hippo. Its extinction may have been caused by the extreme drought conditions, as well as pressure from the first Aboriginal Australians.


Tahlequah, Oklahoma

Tahlequah (Pronounced "Tal a Kwa") is the county seat of Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States. It is at the foot hills of the Ozark Mountains. Tahlequah is also home to Northeastern State University.

Russo-Japanese War

The Russo-Japanese War was a war between the Japanese Empire and the Russian Empire. It started in 1904 and ended in 1905. The Japanese won the war, and the Russians lost.

The war happened because the Russian Empire and Japanese Empire disagreed over who should get parts of Manchuria and Korea. It was fought mostly on the Liaodong Peninsula and Mukden, the seas around Korea, Japan, and the Yellow Sea. The politics of the two countries in the war were very complicated, but both wanted to gain land and economic benefits.

The Chinese Empire of the Qing Dynasty was large but weak, and it was Qing land and possessions they fought over. For example Korea was under Qing rule, but was seized by Japan. The Russians wanted a 'warm-water port' on the Pacific Ocean for their navy and trade. The harbour at Vladivostok freezes over in the winter, but Port Arthur (now part of Dalian on the Liaodong Peninsula in China) can be used all the time. Russia had already rented the port from the Qing and had got their permission to build a Trans-Siberian railway from St Petersburg to Port Arthur.

Russia wanted a warm-water Pacific Ocean port for trade and its navy. Japan wanted to expand her empire into Korea and China. Japan thought that when Russia completed its railway in 1906, it would be able to beat Japan in a war by being able to supply large numbers of troops there. 

To avoid war, Japan wanted to compromise with Russia even if it got the better deal. Japan wanted more of Korea and China than it thought Russia would offer. Japan decided to attack before the railway was ready to help Russia fight a war.

The war started with a Japanese surprise attack on Port Arthur and continued with Japanese victories in Manchuria and elsewhere. The last major battle was at Tsushima Strait and destroyed the Russian Navy.

United States President Theodore Roosevelt helped Russia and Japan make peace after the war. He won a Nobel Prize for this. Russia had to give up all influence in the Far East. The Russian people were very angry at the government and at czar Nicholas II for not continuing the war because everyone was sure that Russia could have won. This is true because Japan was completely broke and she would have suffered an economic crisis after just a few more months of fighting. Russia's army was also much stronger than Japan's and had very large reserves to replace the soldiers she lost. Japan had no more men with military training to replace her losses and no money to give new men training.

The Japanese got Port Arthur and the Russian railway in Manchuria. Five years later, in 1910, Japan took over Korea. Japan would continue to grow its empire in Asia until World War II. The Russian defeat was one of the reasons for the Russian Army's great improvement after 1904, which helped start the European arms race that was a cause of World War I. The war also contributed to the Russian Revolution and to the Russian Civil War in 1917. Vladimir Lenin, who helped start the revolution, wanted Russia to lose the war since that showed that the tsar was losing power.

 

Goodison Park

Goodison Park is the stadium of the English football club Everton FC and is in the heart of the City of Liverpool. Everton FC is one of the founder members of the football league and holds the record as the longest serving football club in the top tier of English Football. 

WikiLeaks

WikiLeaks is a non-profit organization which uses its website to publish governmental, private data, corporate or religious documents that had previously been secret. The website was started in 2006 by Julian Assange. It had over 1.2 million documents in its database by the time one year had passed. Usually, it does not give out the names and addresses of people who post documents. The site is based in Sweden. Though its name is similar to Wikipedia, it is not related to Wikipedia or the Wikimedia Foundation. The name was chosen because WikiLeaks used a wiki model at first, where people could edit the site, but it has since changed and is no longer open for editing.

In July 2010, WikiLeaks was in the news for publishing over 76,900 documents related to the War in Afghanistan. In October that same year, WikiLeaks posted almost 400,000 documents that were about the War in Iraq.

This was the largest ever leak of documents about the US Army. It reported mainly on deaths of civilians, soldiers, and sightings of homemade bombs or armed civilians.

On 28 November 2010, WikiLeaks and five major newspapers - from Spain ("El País"), France ("Le Monde"), Germany ("Der Spiegel"), the United Kingdom ("The Guardian"), and the United States ("The New York Times") - all began to publish the first 291 of 251,287 confidential diplomatic cables from 274 embassies dated from 1966–2010. WikiLeaks plans to release all of the cables in phases over several months.

This leak was widely covered by the international media, as many of the leaks contained information that affected countries other than the United States. Some leaks were published by other news organizations like Fairfax Media. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said that an "open and transparent government is something that the President believes is truly important. But the stealing of classified information and its dissemination is a crime".

In August 2016, WikiLeaks posted more than 20,000 emails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) that showed they tried to undermine Bernie Sanders.



Eugowra

Eugowra is a town in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. The town is placed west of the state capital, Sydney. In 2006, 535 people lived in Eugowra.

The word "Eugowra" comes from an Australian aboriginal word meaning ""the place where the sand washes down the hill"". The first people to live in the Eugowra area were the Wiradjuri people. Europeans first began exploring the area in 1815. John Oxley went through the area on his trip to explore the inland of NSW in 1817. Farming began at Eugowra station (farm) in 1834.

The town was started in the 1860s on the site of the farm. This was where the track for people going to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek. A bridge was built over the creek, and then the John Bull Hotel (later the Fat Lamb Hotel) was built next to it. In 1881, the town was laid out and a police station, courthouse and school were built. The creek has flooded many times; in 2005 it had a flood peak of . This cut the town in two, and water flowed through many buildings and houses.

Australia's biggest gold robbery took place near Eugowra. The bushrangers, Frank Gardiner, Ben Hall and their gang robbed the Forbes to Orange Ford and Company coach on 15 June, 1862. The bushrangers stole of gold and £3,700 in cash. The value in 2008 money is about A$4 million. The site of the robbery was a gully north of Eugowra, known as Eugowra Rocks. Coaches and wagons had to slow down to get around a steep gully which went down to Mandagery Creek. They also had to get past many large granite rocks. One of these rocks was called "Coonbong" (dead man) by the Wiradjuri people. Gardiner’s gang stopped two bullock wagons and left them in the middle of the road. When the gold escort coach arrived it had to slow right down and try to get past the wagons. The bushrangers, hidden behind the rocks, fired their guns at the coach. The coach driver and two policemen were wounded. One policeman had been shot in the testicles. The horses reared up and the coach was tipped on its side. One policemen assisted the wounded and they escaped into the bush. They went towards the Eugowra homestead for help. The other policeman went back down the road to a small hotel, Lyell's Shanty.

The bushrangers took the gold and money. They put it onto the back of one of the coach horses. They went back to their horses which had been hidden up the hill. They escaped into the bush and stopped at the southern end of Noble’s Lagoon to share out the bags of gold. They went to Mount Wheogo, north of the Weddin Mountains, where Gardiner had his camp.

A local farmer, Hanbury Clements, heard the gun shots and went to find out what was going on. He found the wounded men and helped them back to the farm house. He got on to his horse and rode the to Forbes in the dark in less than three hours to report the robbery. The police arrived quickly, and with the help of an aboriginal tracker, Jimmy Dargan, they were soon following the bushrangers. Gardiner’s camp at Wheogo had a good view of the country. John "the Warrigal Walsh", (the brother of Ben Hall's wife), warned the bushrangers that the police were coming and the gang got away.

Most of the gold was still loaded on the back of the very tired coach horse. The bushrangers finally had to leave the horse in the foothills of the Weddin Mountains. They only took the money with them. The police got most of the gold back. Only Ben Hall and Frank Gardiner's share of the gold was not found.


Today, the town has a supermarket, two hotels, a newsagent, a butcher and golf and bowling clubs. There is also farm supplies, a lucerne plant and a sawmill. Eugowra is famous for its granite. More than 2000 slabs of granite were used in the new Parliament House, Canberra in Canberra.


Californication (album)

Californication is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on June 8, 1999 on record label Warner Bros. Records. The producer was Rick Rubin. On "Californication", John Frusciante returned to "Red Hot Chili Peppers". He had appeared on "Mother's Milk" and "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", but Dave Navarro was the guitarist on the band's last album, "One Hot Minute". The band's sound was very different because of Frusciante's return.

Dan Kelly

Dan Kelly (1 June 1861 – 28 June 1880) was an Australian bushranger and outlaw. The son of an Irish convict, he was the youngest brother of bushranger Ned Kelly. Dan and his brother killed three policemen. With two friends, they formed the Kelly Gang. Dan Kelly died during the famous siege of Glenrowan.

More books have been written about the Kelly Gang than any other subject in Australian history. The Kelly Gang were the subject of the world's first full-length feature movie, "The Story of the Kelly Gang", made in 1906. They robbed banks, took over whole towns, and kept the people in Victoria and New South Wales frightened. For two years the Victorian police searched for them and locked up their friends and families, but could not find them. 

Dan Kelly's father, John "Red" Kelly, was an Irishman, a convict who had been sent to Van Diemen's Land in 1842. He would have been kept in the convict gaol at Port Arthur.

In 1848, after his time in gaol, Red Kelly moved to Victoria, and began working as a farmer around Beveridge. There he built a simple wooden house. The house in Kelly Street is still standing. The original three rooms have been added to over the years, and the house now has 11 rooms.

Red married an Irish girl, Ellen Quinn, in Melbourne in 1850. They had seven children: Annie (1853), Edward "Ned" (1854), Maggie (1856), Jim (1859), Dan (1861), Kate (1862) and Grace (1863).

In 1864, Dan Kelly's family moved north to a farm at Avenel. Red Kelly stole a calf and was sent to gaol for six months. Dan was in trouble with the police when he was five years old because they believed he had stolen a horse. Dan's father died in 1866, and in 1867, his mother, Ellen Kelly, moved the family to a small farm near Greta in north east Victoria. Ellen Kelly's two sisters, Catherine and Jane Lloyd, were living at Greta, and her two brothers, John and James Quinn, had moved to the area in 1864. The Quinn family were well known to the police. Dan Kelly was again in trouble with the law when he was only 10 years old. He and his brother Jim, aged 12, were arrested by Constable Flood for riding a horse that did not belong to them. Jim was working for a local farmer and had taken the horse to ride home on. Flood did not believe them, and the boys were forced to spend two nights in a prison cell.
In 1875, like many other young men in north east Victoria, Dan Kelly and his cousins, the Lloyds, went to New South Wales to look for seasonal farm work in the Riverina area and on the Monaro High Plains. His group of friends were known as "the Greta mob". They went out together to hotels, dances and horse races. By 1876, they were well known for their visits to nearby towns such as Wangaratta, Beechworth and Benalla.

On one visit to Benalla in 1876, Dan was arrested for stealing a saddle. The police let him go when they could not get enough evidence. Dan and his cousins got into trouble with the police in October 1877. They had gone to a shop to pick up food and other supplies, but the shop was shut. When the owner refused to open the shop, Dan Kelly broke down the door. They were charged with violent assault, damage to property (the door), breaking into houses and stealing things worth £113. The boys went into hiding, and the police spent three weeks looking for them. Constable Alexander Fitzpatrick told Ned Kelly to get them to give themselves up. In court, the police were not able to prove most of the charges, but Dan went to prison for one month for damaging property worth £10.

On 15 April 1878, Constable Fitzpatrick, went to the Kelly's house to arrest Dan Kelly for stealing horses. Dan had been seen in Chiltern riding a stolen horse. What happened at the house is now called the "Fitzpatrick incident". There was a fight with Fitzpatrick, and he said the Kelly family had tried to kill him. Dan and Ned went into the bush to hide. Ellen Kelly was sent to gaol for three years for attempted murder. Maggie's husband, William Skillion, and a neighbour, William Williamson, were sent to gaol for six years.

Ned and Dan Kelly went into the bush to a place in the Wombat Ranges. Dan Kelly had built a small hut some time earlier on Bullock Creek, where he had cleared an area of about to keep horses. He had also built a small still for making alcohol. The brothers spent their time searching for gold in the creek.

During the months they were hiding at Bullock Creek, they were often visited by their friends including Steve Hart, Joe Byrne, Aaron Sherritt and the Lloyds. The police took the charge of attempted murder very seriously. A reward of £100 was offered for the capture of the two Kelly boys. The police thought the brothers were hiding in the Wombat Ranges. In October 1878, they sent two search groups out to find them. One group travelled south from Greta, and the other started from Mansfield and travelled north.

The Mansfield group was led by Sergeant Michael Kennedy, with three policemen; Constables Thomas McIntyre, Thomas Lonigan, and Michael Scanlon. They set up a camp at Stringybark Creek in a thick forest area. Kennedy and Scanlon went searching for the Kellys, while Lonigan and McIntyre remained at the camp. The Kellys were living in a hut close by at Bullock Creek. They heard noises and discovered the police camp. They decided to capture the policemen and take their guns and horses. Ned and Dan, and friends Joe Byrne and Steve Hart, went to the police camp and told them to surrender.

Constable McIntyre put his arms up, but Lonigan got out his gun. Ned Kelly shot him dead. When the other two police came back to camp, McIntyre told them to surrender. Scanlon went for his gun but Ned shot him dead. Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him. During the shooting, Kennedy was shot and was badly wounded. Ned shot him in the chest to end his suffering. McIntyre was able to escape during the confusion. It was later reported in the newspapers that it was Dan who had shot Kennedy. Dan was wounded during the shooting.

The Victorian government passed a law on 30 October 1878, making the Kelly Gang outlaws; they no longer had any legal rights. They could be shot by anyone, at any time, without warning. Anyone who could capture one of the Gang, alive or dead, would be paid a reward of £500, or £2,000 for the four men. The bushrangers were seen at several places around north east Victoria. They had tried to cross the Murray River into New South Wales, but the water was too deep. The police had several large groups hunting for them. On 10 December, the Kelly Gang robbed the bank at Euroa. In February 1879, they went to Jerilderie, New South Wales. They locked the town's policemen in the police station cells, and kept many people prisoner in the Royal Mail Hotel for three days. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart kept the people in the hotel, while Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne robbed the bank. After the bank robberies, the reward was increased to £2,000 for each man, or the larger amount of £8,000 for the Gang.

Over the next 18 months many policemen were sent to north-east Victoria to search for the Kelly Gang. The police could not find the bushrangers because they were badly led and they did not know how to live in the bush. However the Kellys were experts in living in the bush and they had the support of the local people.

In June 1880, the Kelly Gang came out of hiding. They knew that Joe Byrne's friend, Aaron Sherritt, had been giving information to the police. Four policemen were living at Sherritt's house, near Beechworth, to protect him. Dan Kelly and Byrne went to Sherritt's house late at night and knocked on the door. When Sherritt opened the door, Byrne shot him dead. The policemen were hiding under the bed. Kelly and Byrne rode quickly back to Glenrowan where Ned Kelly and Hart had forced many of the town people into a hotel, the Glenrowan Inn. They also had forced railway workers to pull up the train tracks. They knew that more police would be sent by train to Beechworth to find them. They wanted the train to crash when it reached the place where tracks had been removed near Glenrowan. The bushrangers, wearing homemade armour, would then capture any of the policemen that were alive after the crash. With the police out of the way, the Kelly Gang would then go into Benalla and rob the bank. The captured police would be released when Ellen Kelly, William Williamson, and William Skillion, were let out of gaol.

The plan did not work because the four policemen did not come out of Sherritt's house until the next morning. This meant that the news of the murder did not reach Melbourne as quickly as the Kelly Gang had hoped. The people held prisoner in the hotel became restless. Ned organised music and Dan joined in dancing to keep the people in the hotel entertained. Dan also organised some sporting games including long jump and hop, step and jump. Dan wanted to leave Glenrowan when they knew the plan was not going to work because the train was late. Ned Kelly let Thomas Curnow, the school teacher, go home to his wife. Dan told his brother not to trust Curnow, and to keep him at the hotel. Instead of going home, Curnow went to the railway and about 3.00am he was able to stop the train before it reached the broken rails. The police quickly left the train and placed themselves around the hotel so that the Kelly Gang was trapped inside.

When the bushrangers heard the train pull into the station, they knew their plan to destroy the train had failed. They put on their suits of armour and went on to the verandah of the hotel to wait for the police. In the first few shots, police Superintendent Hare, Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne were wounded, and Jack Jones, son of the hotel owner was killed. Ned Kelly, who was dressed in his armour, was able to leave the hotel and kept shooting at the police. The police fired their guns into the hotel building for seven hours. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired during the shooting. Byrne died after being shot in the groin. Ned Kelly went back to the hotel but could not find Dan or Steve Hart who were hiding in a back room. He again left and tried to find his horse. Ned Kelly was shot in the legs as he searched outside for his brother. The police were then easily able to capture him.

At 10.00am there was a large crowd of people watching the action. Police Inspector Sadleir was forced to stop the shooting to allow many of the hostages to escape. He would not let Dan's sister Maggie, or a Catholic priest Father Gibney, go into the hotel to tell the men to give themselves up. Instead, he ordered that a cannon be sent from Melbourne so that they could destroy the hotel.

At 2.30pm, the police set fire to the building to try and make the rest of the Kelly Gang leave the building. Father Gibney ignored the police and went into the burning building. He found Dan Kelly and Steve Hart dead in a back room of the hotel. He said their bodies were lying side by side, their heads resting on blankets. Byrne's body was dragged out of the hotel, but the bodies of Hart and Kelly were badly burned during the fire. People who saw the burned and blackened bodies were unable to tell which was Dan Kelly and which was Steve Hart. They were placed on sheets of bark from a tree and photographed. Three Glenrowan people held prisoner inside the hotel died during the siege.

Family members, including his sisters, Kate and Maggie, and friends took the bodies back to Greta. The police tried to get the bodies back, and sent a group of 16 policemen to Greta, but they became worried that this would start another fight and they went back to Benalla. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were buried in unmarked graves at Greta, on 30 June 1880. About 100 people were at the funeral, with Dan's cousin, Tom Lloyd, as the undertaker, and a Greta farmer, Daniel O'Keefe, acting as a preacher. After the graves were filled in, the whole area was ploughed over to keep the site of the graves hidden. The family was worried that the police would still try to get the bodies.

After Glenrowan, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart's armour was taken by the police and kept at Benalla. Ned Kelly's armour was sent to Melbourne to be used at his trial. Joe Byrne's armour was sent to the police depot in Richmond. At the end of 1880, all the pieces were in Melbourne. One set of armour was given to Sir William Clarke. Over the years the pieces became mixed up. In 2002, the State Library of Victoria and the police exchanged some pieces to try and get the sets complete. The State Library has Ned's armour, Joe's is still owned by the Clarke family, and the police have Dan and Steve's armour which can be seen at the Victoria Police Museum in Melbourne Australia.

Because it was not possible to prove how they died, or that the bodies were really Dan and Steve, there have been many stories about what might have happened. It is possible they may have killed themselves. This was the story that was used in the first Kelly movie, "The Story of the Kelly Gang" in 1906, and in the 2003 Ned Kelly movie. There have also been stories that both survived the fire. There is little evidence to support these claims. One man, James Ryan, said he was Dan Kelly. In 1934 he went on stage at the Brisbane Exhibition and told stories about the Kelly Gang. He died on 29 July 1948, after being struck by a train. The Ipswich City Council have put a memorial on his grave. In 2001, scientists took a small piece of bone from the grave of Charles Devine Tindall at Toowoomba, Queensland, to see if they could find DNA to prove he was Dan Kelly. Devine, who had burn scars on his body, told his family he was really Dan. He said he had hidden under the floor of the Glenrowan hotel and escaped after the fire. In October 1902, a Melbourne newspaper printed a story that Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were living in South Africa. The men had fought in the Second Boer War. Another man, Jim Davis from Darra (a suburb of Brisbane, Queensland), said in 1938 that he was Dan Kelly. He claimed that he, Steve Hart and Joe Byrne had escaped from the hotel. He also said he was born at the Eureka Stockade in 1854, which makes him too old to have really been Dan.

The story of Dan and Ned Kelly has been told many times. There have been more books written about the Kelly Gang than any other event in Australian history. The very first full-length movie in the world, made in 1906, was "The Story of the Kelly Gang". In the 2003 Ned Kelly movie starring Heath Ledger as Ned Kelly, the part of Dan Kelly was played by Laurence Kinlan. Orlando Bloom played the part of Joe Byrne.

In 2012 a pistol was put up for sale which had "1876 DAN KELLY" carved into it. A pistol was known to have been found at Glenrowan after the siege but it is now lost. The pistol being sold was found on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in 1900. It is a muzzle load single shot pistol made for the East India Company Cavalry.


By the Way

By the Way is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on July 9, 2002 by record label Warner Bros. Records. It sold over 282,000 copies in the first week, and reached the number two position on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The singles from the album were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking". The lyrics on the album were about different things to past Red Hot Chili Peppers albums. However, some critics thought it was similar to the previous album, "Californication", but more a bit more serious.

Stadium Arcadium

Stadium Arcadium is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on May 9, 2006 by record label Warner Bros. Records. It sold 442,000 copies in the U.S. in the first week. It also appeared in the number one position on the "Billboard" 200 chart. According to Anthony Kiedis, "Stadium Arcadium" was going to be three different albums that the band would release; one every six months. However, they changed their mind and made one big double album. Critics said in reviews of "Stadium Arcadium" that the music on it was not very original, and was similar to the band's older work. However, they said it was still very good music. "Stadium Arcadium" won a Grammy Award, and so did "Dani California", the first single.

KSpread

KSpread is a free software spreadsheet program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.

Among KSpread features are multiple sheets per document, assorted formatting possibilities, support for more than 100 built-in functions, templates, chart, spell-check, hyperlinks, data sorting and scripting with Python, Ruby and Javascript.

KSpread native format is XML, compressed with ZIP. However, KSpread has the ability to import several different spreadsheet formats, including those from Microsoft Excel, Applix Spreadsheet, Quattro Pro, CSV and OpenOffice.org Calc.



Nanterre

Nanterre is a town in the west suburbs of Paris, France. Nanterre is the prefecture (capital) of the Hauts-de-Seine département and is in the Île-de-France region. Its population is about 84,000 (March 8, 1999 census). Its density is about 7,200/km². 

Eastern Nanterre, contains a part of the La Défense business district of Paris and some of the tallest buildings in Paris. The city of Nanterre also includes the University called Paris X – Nanterre, and its one of the largest in the Paris region.


Créteil

Créteil is a city in the southeast suburb of Paris, France. It is the prefecture of the Val-de-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.

Créteil is twinned with:


IWork

iWork is a suite of programs created by Apple Inc., containing Pages, a word processing and desktop publishing program, Keynote, a presentation package and Numbers, a spreadsheet program.

Although iWork is called "a successor to AppleWorks" by Apple, it does not have the functions of AppleWorks's database and drawing tools. Also, it does not compete directly with the Mac version of Microsoft Office, but instead offers tools with a different focus (presentation, rather than analysis) at a lower price. It is made to integrate with other applications from Apple's iLife Suite. Although iLife comes free on every Mac, iWork is sold separately. From February to March 2008, a free 30-day trial of iWork was installed on every new Mac bought during that time, but now the trial must be downloaded from online. It is still given with copies of iLife. It was later sold for $19.99 per app on OS X and $9.99 per app on iOS. In October 2013 Apple announced that all iOS and OS X devices purchased onwards, whether new or refurbished, were eligible for a free download of all three iWork apps. iWork for iCloud, which also incorporates a document hosting service, is free to all holders of an iCloud account. iWork was released as freeware for macOS and iOS in April 2017. In September 2016, Apple announced that the real-time collaboration feature would be available for all iWork apps.
iWork '05 was launched on January 11, 2005 and had the new version 2 of Keynote and the first release of Pages. Before it was released, what would become iWork was said to be an add-on, upgrade, or new release of AppleWorks.

On January 10, 2006, Apple introduced iWork '06 at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco, which upgraded Pages to version 2 and Keynote to version 3. New features common to both applications included 3D charts, tables with formula support, reviewer comments, and shaped image masking. The addition of tables with formula support may have been added to quiet rumors of an Apple spreadsheet application. Since iWork's focus is on presentation, Apple gave a way to put most common spreadsheet features into a table while providing only limited additional functionality.

iWork '08 was announced on August 7, 2007 at a special event at Apple's Cupertino campus. New versions of Pages and Keynote were introduced, as was a new spreadsheet application, Numbers. Despite this, hard disk space requirements were reduced from 1.85 GB in iWork '06 to 690 MB in iWork '08. iWork '08 was the end of AppleWorks which was not sold anymore a week later. iWork 08 drops support for Mac OS X v10.3 'Panther'.


KPresenter

KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.

KPresenter's native format is XML, compressed with ZIP. KPresenter is also able to load presentations from Microsoft PowerPoint, MagicPoint and OpenOffice.org Impress documents.



Aulnay-sous-Bois

Aulnay-sous-Bois is a town and commune in the northeast suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Seine-Saint-Denis department. About 80,000 people lived there in 1999. The people who live there are called the "Aulnaysiens".

In October and November 2005, it was badly affected by riots.

Vitry-sur-Seine

Vitry-sur-Seine is a town and commune in the southeast suburb of Paris, France. It is in the Île-de-France region and the Val-de-Marne department. About 79,000 people lived there in 1999.


Distrito Nacional

The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo, so it is not in any of the provinces. It is a municipality but, in some aspects, it is like a province; for example, it elects one senator to the congress.

Before 16 October 2001, the Distrito Nacional was much larger, including what is now the Santo Domingo Province.

The Distrito Nacional ("National District") is in the south coast of the country. It has the Santo Domingo province to the north, east and west, and the Caribbean Sea to the south.

The Distrito Nacional was created by the Dominican constitution of 1844 as a province: the "Santo Domingo" province (different from the modern province of the same name). It had the municipalities of Santo Domingo, Baní, San Cristóbal, San José de Los Llanos, Monte Plata, Bayaguana and Boyá.

In 1932, its name was changed to "Provincia Nacional" and all municipalities that were to the north of the Isabela and Ozama rivers became part of the San Cristóbal province.

In 1934, the name was changed to "Distrito Nacional" and, instead of a province, it became like a municipality. The name was changed again to "Distrito de Santo Domingo" but the 1955 constitution changed it back to "Distrito Nacional".

In (last national census), there were people living in the Distrito Nacional, second only to the Santo Domingo province. The population density was persons/km², the highest density in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 2nd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated administrative division.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,150 inhabitants.

The Distrito Nacional is a single municipality, with a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 32nd, the smallest administrative division of the country.

The two important rivers in the Distrito Nacional are Ozama and Isabela. The river Ozama is the eastern limit of the Distrito Nacional and separates it from Santo Domingo Este, head municipality of the Santo Domingo province. The river Isabela, a tributary of the Ozama, is the northern limit of the Distrito Nacional and separates it from Santo Domingo Norte.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, warm during the whole year.

Duarte Province

The Duarte Province is a Dominican province; it is found in the northeastern part of the country. It has the name of one of the Founding Fathers of the country, Juan Pablo Duarte.

It was created in 1896 as a district (an old country subdivision) with the name "Distrito Pacificador" but the Constitution of 1907 changed all districts to provinces. In 1925 its name was changed to "Duarte".

The Duarte province is bordered on the east by the María Trinidad Sánchez and Samaná provinces, on the south by the Monte Plata and Sánchez Ramírez provinces, on the west by the La Vega and Hermanas Mirabal provinces and on the north by the Espaillat and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces.

The area that currently forms the Duarte province was originally part of La Vega province until 1885 when it was made part of the Espaillat province.

In 1896, this part of the country was made a province, including some coastal towns that are now part of the María Trinidad Sánchez province. With the creation of this last province in 1959, the Duarte province lost all coastal areas and became a landlocked province (surrounded by other provinces by all sides). At this time, the municipalities of the Duarte province were San Francisco de Macorís, Castillo, Pimentel and Villa Riva, with Hostos as a municipal district.

Arenoso was made a municipality in 1993, Las Guáranas in 1998 and Hostos (with the name of Eugenio María de Hostos) in 2004.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Duarte province, and 191,878 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 8th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 295,741 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Francisco de Macorís, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 149,508 inhabitants. Other big cities are Pimentel and Castillo.

The Duarte province has a total area of . It has 3.3% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 13th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

There are two geographical regions in the province: the northern half with the "Cordillera Septentrional" (in English, "Northern mountain range"); and the southern half, in the "Cibao Oriental" ("Eastern Cibao"), the eastern part of "Cibao" Valley.

There are two main roads in the province. The first road comes from Moca and Salcedo and goes to the southeast and then to the north to end in Nagua, on the northern coast.

The second road is shorter than the first and is a branch of the "Carretera Duarte" (Duarte National Road) that ends in San Francisco de Macorís.

Most rivers in the province are short and have their sources in the "Cordillera Septentrional". Most of them flow to the south and are tributaries of the "Camú" or "Yuna" rivers; Camú is the main tributary of Yuna and these two rivers mark the southern limit of the province and flow from west to east.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "Trade winds" (winds that come from the Atlantic Ocean, filled with water), which blow from the Atlantic all year long. Rains are common in this province, mainly in the northern mountains where there are rainforests.

There are 7 municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products are coffee in the mountains, rice in the southern and eastern part of the province and cacao in the low mountains and those parts of the valley close to the mountains.

Other important economic activity is cattle raising. There are several industries, especially textiles and food, in San Francisco de Macorís.


Jamie Noble

James Gibson (born December 23, 1976) better known by his ring name Jamie Noble, is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and as a road agent/producer to SmackDown's cruiserweight division. He is also known for his appearances with Ring of Honor, where he won the World Championship, and World Championship Wrestling in its cruiserweight division and is a one time Cruiserweight Champion.

Paul London

Paul Sanchez-Garcia London (born April 16, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He was formally signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) performing on its Raw brand.

After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy, London began competing for Ring of Honor, where although he never won a title, began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves. He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE, and various independent promotions, winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003.

London made his debut in WWE in late 2003, and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Spanky, (Brian Kendrick). After Kendrick briefly left WWE, London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman, and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship. After their split, London began competing in the cruiserweight division, and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. In late 2006, Kendrick returned, and the two reformed as a team. London and Kendrick were previously managed by WWE Diva, Ashley Massaro, who London has previously dated. The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008.

In WWE, London is a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion, World Tag Team Champion, and two-time WWE Tag Team Champion. During his second reign as WWE Tag Team champion, London and his partner, Brian Kendrick, became the longest reigning WWE Tag Team Champions since the title's creation.

He was released from his WWE contract in late 2008.

Val Venis

Sean Allen Morley (born March 6 1971), better known by his ring name Val Venis, is a Canadian retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment from 1998 to 2008. During his career in WWF/E, Morley has held the Intercontinental Championship twice, European Championship once and World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm. He played the character of an adult film star.


I Don't Care (Fall Out Boy song)

"I Don't Care" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy and the lead single from their fifth studio album "Folie à Deux" in 2008. It reached No. 21 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 songs chart and has sold over 1 million copies in the US.

Joy Giovanni

Joy Giovanni (born January 20, 1978) is an American actress, glamour model, and former WWE Diva. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment, where she worked on their "SmackDown!" brand.

Youngstown, New York

Youngstown is a village of Niagara County in the state of New York in the United States. 1,859 people were living here as of 2020.

Barney Dreyfuss

Bernhard "Barney" Dreyfuss (February 23 1865 – February 5 1932) was a German-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932.

Dreyfuss was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2008 following his election by the Veterans Committee.

Brother Bear 2

Brother Bear 2 is a 2006 American animated direct-to-video road movie and the sequel to the animated feature "Brother Bear", which was released on August 29, 2007. Melissa Etheridge contributed three songs to the movie. In the movie, the adventures of bear brothers Kenai and Koda continue. While the first movie dealt with Kenai's relationship with Koda, this one focuses more on his bond with a young human of his past, Nita.

Only five of the original characters return for the sequel (excluding Denahi): Kenai, Koda, Rutt, Tuke, and Tug, as Jason Raize died on February 3, 2005. Only four of those actors came back to do their original roles: Jeremy Suarez, Rick Moranis, Dave Thomas, and Michael Clarke Duncan.

Producer Jim Ballantine was removed from the project and replaced with Carolyn Bates. Jason Marsden, as heard in the first trailer, was originally announced to voice Kenai, after being voiced by Joaquin Phoenix in the first film; Patrick Dempsey ultimately voiced the character. However, the end credits still note Marsden as one of the additional voices.


Additional voices were provided by Wayne Allwine, Bob Bergen, Dave Foley, Bill Hader, Julie Kavner, Jason Marsden, Laraine Newman, Steve Purcell, Martin Short, Bobb'e J. Thompson, Erik von Detten and Owen Wilson.

"Brother Bear 2" did better in critical response than "Brother Bear 1", with a higher rating of 50% in Rotten Tomatoes, indicating mixed-to-positive reviews. The consensus is "the story seems lacking along with some annoying plot holes, but "Brother Bear 2" is a worth-watching fun family film that will entertain kids and adults along the way".


The Geysers

The Geysers, a geothermal power field of 72 miles (116 km) north of San Francisco, California, is the largest geothermal development in the world. It produces over 750 MW. The Geysers has 22 separate power plants that use steam from more than 350 producing wells. The Calpine Corporation operates and owns 19 of the 22 facilities.

The Geysers was found by European Americans. It was named in 1847 by John Fremont during his research.

Between 1848 and 1854, Geysers worked as a spa complex "The Geysers Resort Hotel." It was visited by such famous people as Ulysses S. Grant, Theodore Roosevelt and Mark Twain. But in 1938, the main building was destroyed in a landslide.

Five of the Geysers plants were destroyed in the Valley Fire of September 2015.

The Geysers Geothermal Power Development project was named as a California Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.

Wind power

Wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy, like electricity. It is a renewable source of energy that helps to cut down on the pollution of earth's air. 

Wind power capacity has expanded quickly to 336 GW in June 2014, and wind energy production was about 4% of total worldwide electricity usage, and growing fast. Wind power is widely used in European countries, and more recently in the United States and Asia. In 2012 wind power accounted for approximately 30% of electricity generation in Denmark, 20% in Portugal and 18% in Spain.

Wind power stations use the wind to turn a turbine which turns a magnet inside a coil (a type of generator). The wind has kinetic energy (movement energy) which is changed into mechanical energy by the blades on the turbine. The turbine then turns a generator which creates electrical energy (voltage). The turbine is usually connected by a gearbox to help control the speed it turns the generator. 

Wind power stations have the advantage over fossil fuel power stations as they do not produce any greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide or water vapour. They also do not produce for gases that helps to make acid rain such as sulphur dioxide. They also make the environment safer and less pollution is caused.

Wind turbines have to be carefully placed. They must be in positions where there is a constant, steady supply of wind. In fact, the wind must not become too strong or it may damage the turbine. Because wind is uncontrollable, so is the amount of power that wind turbines will produce, making them a possibly unreliable source of energy.
Some people also consider wind turbines to be ugly and unsightly. Also, huge numbers of electricity pylons ("transmission towers") are built on land to carry the electricity to the electric company. These pylons in areas of natural beauty are a major reason for local people to object to wind farms and their consequences.



Serbian Dinar

Dinar () is the official currency in Serbia. Its denominations are 1 dinar, 2 dinars, 5 dinars, 10 dinars and 20 dinars (coins which are not used often anymore), and 10 dinars, 20 dinars, 50 dinars, 100 dinars, 200 dinars, 500 dinars, 1000 dinars, 2000 dinars and 5000 dinars (banknotes). Its code is RSD. This currency can be exchanged.

Avenel, Victoria

Avenel is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Strathbogie local government area. At the 2006 census, 728 people lived in Avenel. The town was built on the old Hume Highway. The new Hume Freeway now goes around the town. The town has sporting clubs for football, netball, tennis, cricket and lawn bowls. The town is about 15 minutes north-east of Seymour along the Hume Highway.

Bushranger Ned Kelly lived in Avenel when he was young. He saved a boy from drowning in Hughes Creek and was given a green silk sash as a reward. He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured by the police after the Siege of Glenrowan. His brother and father are buried in the Avenel cemetery.

There is a railway station in Avenel which is on the main line between Melbourne and Albury.

One Hot Minute

One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on September 12, 1995 by record label Warner Bros. Records. John Frusciante had left the band after their previous album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", so Dave Navarro joined as the new guitarist.

Red Hot Chili Peppers' music was very different because of Navarro. "One Hot Minute" is less about sex and love than the band's previous work, but is instead about themes like drugs and depression. It also had some heavy metal guitar riffs. Anthony Kiedis had become addicted to cocaine and heroin in 1994, so some of the lyrics he wrote were about the effects of drugs.

"One Hot Minute" did not sell many copies, even though it reached number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart. "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" sold twice as many copies as "One Hot Minute". In 1998, Navarro was asked to leave the band. Red Hot Chili Peppers told the media it was because they and Navarro liked to make different kinds of music. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said that ""One Hot Minute" is as musically ambitious as "Blood Sugar Sex Magik", but is even more unfocused, which means it provides the fewest thrills of any of the group's albums."

Greta, Victoria

Greta is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is east of the city of Benalla. The local government that looks after Greta is the Rural City of Wangaratta. At the 2006 census, there were 231 people living in and around Greta. 

The area had four villages, all of which were called Greta at some time. The first township known as Greta, on Fifteen Mile Creek, is now called Greta West. The name is thought to come from Greta River in Cumberland, England.

After gold was found near Beechworth in 1852, roads to the gold diggings passed through the Greta area. At that time, there was a large swamp, which was later drained. The town site was laid out at Fifteen Mile Creek in 1852. During the 1860s the land was sold into small farm lots, used for cereals, cattle grazing, and dairying. At this time the township started with the Post Office opened on September 4, 1863. It closed in 1971, though post offices at Greta West and Greta South remained open until 1994.

In 1867 a Catholic school was started. By the 1880s there were 5 schools in the Greta area; Greta, Greta South, Greta West, Hansonville, and Fifteen Mile Creek. Today, only 2 of the 5 schools remain; Greta Valley and Fifteen Mile School Camp.

The nearby city of Benalla was joined to the railway in 1873. This meant that less people passed through Greta. It became mainly a farming area.

A Methodist church was started in 1878 and an Anglican church in 1890. A public hall was built in 1916.

Bushranger Ned Kelly's family lived on a small farm near Greta. It was in the small cottage at Greta that Constable Fitzpatrick tried to sexually assault Ned's sister, Kate Kelly. In the fight that followed, Fitzpatrick was injured. His mother, Ellen Kelly was put in gaol for 4 years for trying to murder Fitzpatrick. The police tried to arrest Ned and his brother Dan Kelly, but they had escaped into the bush. This was the start of the Kelly Gang.

After the siege at Glenrowan, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart, were buried in the Greta Cemetery. Ellen Kelly died at Greta in 1923, and is buried in the Greta Cemetery. Ned's younger brother, Jim Kelly, lived in the cottage at Greta until 1948. He is buried in the Greta Cemetery.

The town has a football team playing in the Ovens & King Football League.

Alan Ball Jr.

Alan James Ball, Jr., MBE (12 May 1945 – 25 April 2007) was an English World Cup winning football player turned manager. He was born in Farnworth, Lancashire. He is known for career as an international player and at club level for Everton and Arsenal. He died of a heart attack in Warsash, Hampshire.

Everton

Arsenal

Southampton

Vancouver Whitecaps

England

Individual

Individual

Good Life

Good Life is a rap single by Kanye West and featuring T-Pain. The song was released off the album "Graduation". The video was released September of 2007.

Lateral thinking

Lateral thinking is a term invented by Edward de Bono, a Maltese psychologist, physician and writer. It first appeared in the title of his book "The Use of Lateral Thinking", published in 1967. De Bono explains lateral thinking as methods of thinking about changing concepts and perception. Lateral thinking is about reasoning that is not immediately obvious and about ideas that may not be obtainable by using only traditional step-by-step logic. 

Period (physics)

A time period (denoted by 'T'' ) is the time taken for one complete cycle of vibration to pass a given point. As the frequency of a wave increases, the time period of the wave decreases. The unit for time period is 'seconds'. "Frequency" and time "period" are in a reciprocal relationship that can be expressed mathematically as: T = 1/f or as: f = 1/T.



Edward de Bono

Edward Charles Francis Publius de Bono (19 May 1933 – 9 June 2021) was a Maltese physician, author, inventor and consultant. He was best known because he invented the term lateral thinking (structured creativity). He is also very much in favour to explicitly teach thinking in schools.

Most of de Bono's writings are about using lateral thinking to solve problems. In his book "Po: Beyond Yes and No" (1973), de Bono describes what he calls an "open block". This is when people ignore certain things that may solve a problem, because they already have an idea of how the problem should be solved. They may therefore not recognise other solutions to the problem. For example, if a person's car breaks down, the open block of being used to being in a car may cause them to wait for a taxi, ignoring buses passing by, without even reading the destinations.

In this book de Bono suggested a number of techniques for overcoming the open block. This includes going back and challenging assumptions, or generating new ideas for addressing problems. De Bono calls this a "po". A po is an idea that moves thinking forward to a new place from where new ideas or solutions may be found. Po can be taken to mean any of the following: provoking operation, provocative operation or provocation operation.

Quoll

Quolls (genus Dasyurus) are carnivorous marsupials native to Australia and Papua New Guinea. There are six species of quoll, four in Australia and two in New Guinea. 

The name "dasyurus" means "hairy tail". Adults are between 25 and 75 cm long, with hairy tails about 20-35 cm long (about the size of a cat). Like all marsupials, females have a pouch to carry their babies.

Quolls are threatened by eating toxic cane toads, but a University of Sydney project is teaching them not to eat the toads.

The family Dasyurini to which quolls belong also includes the Tasmanian devil, antechinuses, the kowari, and mulgaras.

In the genus "Dasyurus", these species exist:

There is at least one fossil species from the Pliocene, that is "D. dunmalli".

Anesthesiologist

An anesthesiologist (also anaesthesiologist) is a doctor of medicine. An anesthesiologist (American English) or anaesthetist (British English) is a professional trained in anesthesia and perioperative medicine. Terminology varies between countries. The main jobs of an anesthesiologist are:
The first anesthesiologist was John Snow (18131858). 

Wind power in the United States

Wind power in the United States is a growing industry. As of 2011, the total installed capacity of was 42,432 megawatts (MW), making it second in the world, behind China. In 2010 wind power accounted for 2.3% of the electricity generated in the United States. This amounted to 94,650 thousand megawatt-hours of electricity.

Driven by state renewable energy mandates, fourteen states have installed over 1,000 MW of wind capacity, and a total of 37 states now have installed at least some large-scale wind power. Texas, with 10,135 MW of capacity, has the most installed wind power capacity of any U.S. state, followed by Iowa with 3,675 MW. The Roscoe Wind Farm (781 MW) in Texas is the largest wind farm in the US as of 2011.

The U.S. wind industry generates tens of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars. Wind projects boost local tax bases, and help the economy of rural communities by providing a steady income stream to farmers with wind turbines on their land. GE Energy is the largest domestic wind turbine manufacturer.

Necromancy

Necromancy is a form of divination in which a person tries to summon the spirits of the dead. Necromancy is seen by Christians and Jews as black magic and demon-summoning, as the Book of Leviticus 19:31 says: 'do not turn to mediums or necromancers; do not seek them out and so make yourselves unclean.'

Tarot

The Tarot (often Tarot cards) are a set of seventy-eight cards, comprising twenty-two Тrump cards, and four suits of fourteen cards each with four Face cards. In the English speaking world, Tarot cards are mostly used for divination. Tarot cards are also used in many European countries for playing trick taking card games. Cartomancy is to use Tarot cards for divination.

Tarot decks did not come before decks having four suits of the same length. They were invented not for occult purposes but purely for gaming. In 1781, Court de Gébelin published an essay associating the cards with ancient wisdom. This idea was later disproved by Dummett. Tarot cards have been used for cartomancy and divination as well as gaming. Nowadays fortune-tellers tend to use specially-developed tarot decks rather than those used for games. Not just the cards but now there are several websites available online where people go to get their answers. They simply put the data on the lucky wheel and it starts spinning. When it stops, the people know what's written in the cards for them. 

Many websites offer tarot definitions.


Francis Dashwood, 15th Baron le Despencer

Francis Dashwood, 15th Baron le Despencer (December 1708–11 December 1781) was an English rake and politician. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer (1762-1763) and founder of The Hellfire Club.

Dashwood was born in London. He was educated at Eton College where he became associated with William Pitt the Elder. Orphaned at age 16, he went on a Grand Tour of Europe in 1726.

Demonology

Demonology is the study of demons or beliefs about demons. It is the branch of theology relating to superhuman beings or spirits who are not gods.


Megalania

Megalania ("Varanus prisca") was a giant monitor lizard that lived in southern Australia. It was part of a species of megafauna that lived during the Pleistocene, and appears to have disappeared around 40,000 years ago. The first Aboriginal settlers of Australia may have encountered living "Megalania".

"Megalania" is the land-based lizard known to have existed. Judging from its size, "Megalania" would have fed mostly upon medium- to large-sized animals, including any of the giant marsupials like "Diprotodon" .

Ralph Molnar in 2004 determined a range of possible sizes for "Megalania". He did this by scaling up from dorsal vertebrae, after he determined a relationship between dorsal vertebrae length and total body length. If it had a long thin tail like the Lace monitor ("Varanus varius"), then it would have reached a length of . If its tail-to-body proportions were more similar to that of the Komodo dragon, then a length of around is more likely. Using 7 m as the maximum length, Molnar estimated the average weight of the lizard at , and as the maximum.

This is twice the length of their closest living relative, the Komodo dragon of eastern Indonesia.

Pierre Boulle

Pierre François Marie Louis Boulle (20 February 1912 – 30 January 1994) was a French writer. He was born in Avignon, France. Boulle wrote many novels and short stories in French. Two stories became popular English language movies: "Planet of the Apes" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai". Boulle won the award for Best Adapted Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay for "The Bridge over the River Kwai". He is said to have given the shortest acceptance speech in Academy Award history, the single word, ""Merci"", which means "Thank you".

Boulle served in the army in World War II.

Boulle died in Paris on 30 January 1994, at age 81.





The Fool (Tarot card)

The Fool or The Jester ("Il Matto" in Italian) is one of the 78 cards in a Tarot deck. It is one of the 22 Trump cards that make up the Major Arcana and the only one of the major arcana found in the modern playing cards in the role of the joker. The Fool is often numbered 0. It is used in divination as well as in game playing.

Major Arcana

The Major Arcana (Trumps Major, Major Trumps) are twenty two tarot cards in a deck of 78.

American International Group

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) (, , ) is a major American insurance corporation based in New York City. The company's UK headquarters are in London, its Continental Europe operations are based in Paris and its Asian HQ is in Hong Kong. According to the 2008 Forbes Global 2000 list, AIG was the 18th-largest company in the world. It became part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average on April 8, 2004.

On September 16, 2008, the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank announced its plan to lend the insurer $85 billion, U.S. dollars, in exchange for a 79.9% equity stake in the company. 
AIG announced on the same day that its board accepted the terms of the Federal Reserve Bank's loan offer.


Tokyo Stock Exchange

The , or TSE, is in Tokyo, Japan. It is the second-largest stock exchange market in the world by market value, second only to the New York Stock Exchange. It currently lists 2,271 domestic companies and 31 foreign companies, with a total market capitalization of over 5 trillion USD.

The Tokyo Stock Exchange was established in 1878. It is the second oldest stock exchange in Asia.

TSE

The abbreviation TSE can refer to:


Fratton Park

Fratton Park is a football stadium in England. It is the home stadium of Portsmouth F.C.. 

List of Premier League stadiums

Since the beginning of the Premier League, 58 football stadiums have been used to host matches, with one more stadium set to host its first match in the 2016–17 season. The first round of Premier League matches took place on 15 August 1992. 11 clubs hosted the opening fixtures. Following the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989, the Taylor Report suggested the removal of standing terraces by the start of the 1994–95 season. They were replaced by all-seater stadiums.

When Fulham came up from Division 1 in the 2000–2001 season, terraces returned for a short while. This gave them more time to complete the changes. For a bit of time they had to play at Loftus Road after not enough progress was made in converting Craven Cottage. They returned to their home ground after building work was completed in time for the 2004–05 season.

Burnley's Turf Moor stadium became the 50th Premier League stadium on 19 August 2009, where they faced Manchester United. Bournemouth's Dean Court is the most recent stadium to host a Premier League match, when they played their first ever home Premier League match against Aston Villa on 8 August 2015. The next stadium to host its first Premier League match will be London Stadium, new home to West Ham United, when West Ham hosts Bournemouth on 21 August 2016.

Stadiums listed in bold mean they are the home grounds of teams currently in the 2017–18 Premier League season. Those stadiums listed in "italics" have now been demolished.
<br>

Upton Park

Upton Park, or the Boleyn Ground, was previously the home stadium of West Ham United in the East End of London. The club started playing here in 1904. Recently they moved to the Olympic Stadium because the Boleyn Ground was to be made into flats. Many West Ham fans were devastated but many debate that the Olympic Stadium is better.

On the 10th May 2016, the final game was played between West Ham United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. because the ground was sold for demolition. The game finished with West Ham winning 3-2. By July 2016, the seats were removed and it was handed over to the developers for demolition. 

City of Manchester Stadium

The City of Manchester Stadium is a stadium in Manchester, England. More commonly, it is called the Etihad Stadium. The other names for the stadium are COMS or The Council House. The stadium was designed by Arup and built by John Laing. It was first designed as part of Manchester's failed bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics. The stadium was built for the 2002 Commonwealth Games at a cost of £110 million. After the Games, it was turned into a football stadium. It became the home of Manchester City F.C. who moved there from Maine Road in 2003 after signing a 250-year lease.

The stadium is shaped like a bowl. It has two levels all the way around. There is a third level along the two side stands and one of the stands behind the goal. As of the start of the 2010/2011 season, it is the third largest stadium in the FA Premier League and the ninth largest in the United Kingdom, with 55,097 seats. The highest attendance for a football game at the stadium was on 6 February 2016 when 54,693 fans watched Manchester City play Leicester City. On 14 May 2008, it hosted the UEFA Cup Final.

Manchester City F.C. signed an agreement with Manchester City Council in March 2010 to allow redevelopment of land around the stadium. This may include adding more seats to make 60,000 in the stadium. Work on land around the stadium started in September 2010. The club is also talking with Manchester City Council to make a new lease on the stadium for the future.

In 2023 the club got planning permission to make the stadium bigger. The plan is to make room enough for 60,000 seats, build a hotel, a club shop and museum, a sky bar. This will cost about £300 million.

Plans to build a stadium in east Manchester were made around 1990 as part of the city's bid to host the 2000 Summer Olympics. Manchester City Council paid for a design for an 80,000 seat stadium on a brownfield site known as "Eastlands". However, in October 1993, the games were awarded to Sydney, Australia. Manchester then made a successful bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games. They used the stadium plans from the Olympic bid. In 1996, the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium. The money was used to redevelop Wembley instead.

The City of Manchester Stadium's foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in December 1999. Building began in January 2000. The stadium was designed by Arup and built by John Laing. The stadium cost about £110 million. £77 million of that was paid by Sport England and the rest was paid by the Manchester City Council. For the Commonwealth Games, the stadium had one lower level along three sides of the athletics track. There was a second level on the two sides. It had an open-air temporary stand at one end. The first public event at the stadium was the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games on 25 July 2002. Among the celebrities present at the ceremony was Queen Elizabeth II. During the ten days of competition, the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens. Four Commonwealth records were set at the stadium, including the women's triple jump and the women's 5000 m.

After the Commonwealth Games, the stadium was changed so it could be used as a football stadium. Athletics events had been very successful at the Commonwealth Games. Athletics figures such as Jonathan Edwards and Sebastian Coe therefore criticised the decision to change the stadium into a football stadium. Redevelopment was called necessary to give the stadium a future. Sections of the track were removed and placed at other athletics stadiums. The ground level was lowered to make way for another level of seating. The temporary stand was taken apart. It was replaced with a permanent structure of similar design to the existing one at the southern end. This work took a year and added 12,000 seats. Manchester City F.C. moved to the new ground for the 2003–04 season. The change cost over £30 million. It was paid for by the football club.

The first public football match at the stadium was a friendly between Manchester City and Barcelona on 10 August 2003. Manchester City won the game 2–1. The first goal at the stadium was scored by Nicolas Anelka. The first competitive match followed four days later. It was a UEFA Cup game between Manchester City and Welsh Premier League side TNS. City won 5–0. Manchester City started the Premier League season with an away match. They beat Charlton 3–0. Their first home league match in their new stadium was not until 23 August. They drew 1-1 with Portsmouth. David Sommeil scored City's goal. Portsmouth's was scored by Yakubu Aiyegbeni. Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September. Nicolas Anelka scored a hat-trick to help City beat Aston Villa 4–1. The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348. It was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009.

The stadium has also hosted several other sporting events. It became the 50th stadium to host an England international football match when the English and Japanese national teams played on 1 June 2004. On 30 October of that year, it played host to a rugby league match between Great Britain and Australia in the Tri-Nations series. In June 2005, the stadium hosted England's opening game in the UEFA Women's Championship. It set an attendance record for the competition. It is rated as an elite stadium by UEFA. It hosted the 2008 UEFA Cup Final between Rangers and Zenit St Petersburg.

The stadium has a number of unofficial nicknames. "Eastlands" was used before the stadium was officially named. It is still commonly used. "City of Manchester Stadium" is sometimes abbreviated to "COMS" when written. "The Blue Camp", a pun on Barcelona's Nou Camp, has been used rarely. After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008, some fans called the stadium "Middle Eastlands" as a joke. The stadium has generally received positive feedback from fans. It came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite football ground. As Manchester City Council owns the stadium, it is also called the "Council House" by fans of City's rivals, Manchester United.

The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council. It is leased by the football club. The 2008 takeover made the football club the richest in the world. This led to rumors that the club could think about buying the stadium from the city.

The inside of the City of Manchester Stadium is a full oval bowl. It has three levels of seating at the sides and two levels at each end. While the seating is a full bowl, each side of the stadium has its own name. This is like other football grounds. At first, all sides of the stadium were named by compass direction ("North Stand" and "South Stand" for the ends, "East Stand" and "West Stand" for the sides). In February 2004, after a vote by fans, the West Stand was renamed the "Colin Bell Stand." It was named in honour of the former player. The vote was almost stopped, as it was taken over by rival fans. They hoped the stand would be nicknamed "The Bell End" (even though the stand is to the side, not at an end). However, fans of the club made it clear they wanted the name to stay. The South Stand was officially named the "Key 103 Stand" for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006. Fans mostly ignored this name for it. Part of the North Stand is called the "Family Stand". It is reserved for supporters with children. The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as "the Kippax". It is named after the East Stand from Maine Road. Supporters of visiting teams sit in part of the South Stand. There vxkl vlkzdv the stadium. They are along the West, North and East Stands.

The stadium roof is toroidal (like a doughnut) in shape. It is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers. These provide access to the upper level of seating via spiral ramps. The areas without seating in each corner have movable louvres. This allows for air to move through the pitch. Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the usual manned turnstile. This system can admit up to 1,200 people per minute around all entrances. A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles. It allows the visiting team's bus to enter the stadium directly. Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants. Two of restaurants have views of the pitch. There are also a number of conference facilities. The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremonies.

The City of Manchester Stadium has a UEFA standard dimension pitch, . It has a natural grass pitch reinforced with artificial grass fibres made by Desso. There are 218 floodlights in the stadium. Each uses 2000 watts. In total they use 436,000 watts when they are all on.

The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity. It also includes several other sporting venues. Next to the stadium is the "Manchester Regional Arena". The Arena served as a warm-up track during the Commonwealth Games. It is now a 6,178 capacity venue that hosts national athletics trials and Manchester City reserve team games. The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are close to the stadium. In September 2006, Manchester City received planning permission to build an wind turbine at the stadium. Designed by Norman Foster, the turbine was meant to give power for the stadium and nearby homes. Safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being stopped. From 2005 to 2009 a Thomas Heatherwick sculpture, "B of the Bang", was present in front of the stadium. Built to honor the success of the 2002 Commonwealth Games, it was the tallest sculpture in the UK. However, structural problems led to the sculpture being taken apart in 2009.

On 30 January 2007, it was announced that the UK's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium.
Plans for this have since been stopped. It did receive authorisation from the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.

Many people called The 2002 Commonwealth Games a huge success with the stadium gaining positive reviews for its atmosphere and architectural design.

The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards. This includes the 2004 Royal Institute of British Architects Inclusive Design Award for inclusive building design, and the 2003 Institution of Structural Engineers Structural Special Award.

Manchester City's reaction to the stadium was a mix of positive and negative. Some fans were not too excited about moving from the famous Maine Road, Maine Road had a reputation for having a great atmosphere and character. Others were happy about the bigger stadium and move back to east Manchester where Manchester City formed. A 2007 Premier League fan poll found that fans thought views at the stadium were second best in the Premier League after the Emirates Stadium. But the stadium had a problem common in modern stadia; the atmosphere was rated as second lowest in the league by City fans. Fans of opposing teams have generally given positive feedback. The stadium came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite football ground.

The City of Manchester Stadium is to the east of Manchester city centre. The stadium site itself has 2,000 parking spaces. Another 8,000 spaces in the area around the stadium are provided by local businesses and schools working with the football club. The nearest railway station is Ashburys. It is a 20-minute walk south of the stadium. Services are limited due to the small size of the station. Manchester Piccadilly, which serves mainline trains from London, Birmingham and Edinburgh, is a 30-minute walk away. Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place.

An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000. However, after a government spending review, the plan was put on hold in July 2004. In July 2006, funding for the extension was reinstated, but for a shorter length. A Sportcity Metrolink station opened on 11 February 2013.

Outside the football season, the stadium hosts concerts. It is one of the UK's largest music venues. It has a maximum capacity of 60,000 for performances. The first concert at the stadium was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 2004. They were supported by James Brown. Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters, Oasis, have played concerts at the stadium. One of their shows was featured on their DVD "Lord Don't Slow Me Down". Another Manchester act, Take That, also released a DVD of their performance at the stadium, "".

Other artists who have played the stadium are U2, Rod Stewart, Foo Fighters supported by Manic Street Preachers and The Futureheads, Bon Jovi & George Michael.

In June 2018, Taylor Swift played the first of her UK ‘Reputation Stadium Tour' over two nights.

Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch. In 2008, end-of-season fixes, along with an early start to the football season, meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first scheduled home game. Because of this, Manchester City played their UEFA Cup first round qualifying match at Barnsley's Oakwell Stadium.




Craven Cottage

Craven Cottage is a football stadium in the Hammersmith area of London, England. It is the home ground of Fulham F.C. It is called Craven Cottage after the cottage in the corner of the stadium.

Emirates Stadium

The Emirates Stadium is a football stadium in London, England. It is the home stadium of Arsenal F.C. It is named after the airline Emirates.

The stadium was built from 2004 to 2006. It replaced Highbury Stadium which had only 38,419 seats and was too small for the need of modern football.

Ewood Park

Ewood Park is a football stadium in Blackburn, England. It is the home stadium of Blackburn Rovers F.C.

Crushcrushcrush

"Crushcrushcrush" is a single released by Pop rock band Paramore from their second album RIOT!

In the music video you can see the band performing. They are some spies also and it plays on the lyric "They taped over your mouth scribbled out the truth with their lies you little spies"

"Crushcrushcrush" is a download in Rock Band.

Beechworth

Beechworth is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia., It was first settled in the gold rush of the mid-1850s. At the 2006 census, 3227 people lived in Beechworth.

Beechworth has many old buildings which have been well looked after. The town has changed from a gold field to a popular place for people to visit. Wine making is also an important activity around Beechworth.

The area was first used as a cattle farm by David Reid and was called Mayday Hills. In 1853 it was renamed Beechworth.

From 1852-1857, Beechworth was an important gold area. Thousands of people moved to the area to dig for gold. One group of miners found 14 lb (about 7 kg) of gold in one gold pan (a small metal dish used separating gold from the soil). Another group found 50 lb (approx. 25 kg) of gold in a week. In the first election in 1855, one candidate, Daniel Cameron, rode a horse with solid gold horse shoes through the main street. This event is the reason the logo for Beechworth is a golden horse shoe, and the ride is remembered every year with the Golden Horseshoe Festival.

Beechworth was a long way from the centre of colonial government in Melbourne, both in distance and time taken to get there. The railway was built to Beechworth in September 1876. By this time the miners had found most of the gold, and the town was no longer important. The rail line was closed in 1977 and the tracks were taken away, after 101 years of service. The rail line is now used as a walking and bicycle path.

In the gold rush, Beechworth had a tannery, jewelers, boot makers, a brewery, blacksmiths, and farm animal sale yards. It had schools, a convent, hotels, a prison with high stone walls, a hospital, a mental hospital, courthouse, police station, stage coach companies and a gunpowder magazine (building for storing gunpowder).

In the gold rush men and women came from the USA, England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and China. At one time more than 30,000 people lived in Beechworth. Gold mining camps started up up as thousands of miners rushed into areas such as Spring Creek, Reedy Creek, Silver Creek, the Nine Mile Creek and the Woolshed. The Chinese were not allowed live in Beechworth and so they lived on the edge of town. There were many rules and laws to try to control the Chinese miners. Beechworth Cemetery has a large number of early Chinese miners graves. There was a lot of unrest and complaints about having the Chinese goldminers around Beechworth.

Robert O'Hara Burke, leader of the Burke and Wills expedition was a policeman in Beechworth. He was the Senior Inspector of Police from 1854 to 1857.

The Burke Museum is in Loch Street and holds a lot of items on Beechworth and the local area. They have newspapers, photographs, artifacts, clothings, pictures, books on local history and other papers about the area. They have displays about the gold rush, Chinese miners and the gold diggings of the 1850s.

The bushranger Ned Kelly had many links to Beechworth. He was a prisoner in the gaol. He fought a famous boxing match with Isaiah 'Wild" Wright in behind a local hotel. Aaron Sherritt and Joe Byrne of the Kelly Gang came from the Woolshed gold field, near Beechworth. Twenty-one men, thought to be friends or relatives of the Kelly Gang were prisoners in the gaol. They were held without trial or evidence for over 3 months, by the Chief Commissioner of Police, Captain Standish.

Sadleir was a policeman who became famous in the hunt for Ned Kelly in the 1870s. He had been a policeman in Beechworth during the gold rush.

George B. Kerferd (1836-1889) lived in Beechworth and became a Premier of Victoria. He helped Beechworth get a railway to Melbourne.

Castieau (1831-1885)was the Prison Governor at Beechworth from 1856 to 1869. The prison, famous for its huge granite walls, was known as "Castieau's Castle". As the Governor of the Melbourne gaol in 1880 he was an official witness to the hanging of Ned Kelly.

In the gold rush Beechworth had 2 newspapers: "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser" and "The Constitution and Mining Intelligencer". "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser" is still a local paper printed each week.

Beechworth is a popular place for visitors. Items to see are Ned Kelly displays at the old court house, Burke Museum, waterfalls, Gun Powder Magazine, Newtown Bridge (Stone Bridge), Tail Race (Mining Race), Spring Creek Water Falls, Spring Creek Gorge, Beechworth Asylum ghost tours, lakes, old buildings, goldfields, walks, the Beechworth Bakery, brewery, the Beechworth lolly shop and night tours. The town is at the end of the Murray to the Mountains Rail Trail.


Hallelujah (Paramore song)

"Hallelujah" is a song released by the band Paramore. It is the third track off their second album, "RIOT!".

Collector, New South Wales

Collector is a small village in New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Federal Highway between Goulburn, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory and is 7km north of Lake George.

The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829. T.A. Murray started a farm and built a 12-room house on the land in 1837. A post office opened at Collector in 1848. The village is named after the Australian aboriginal name for the area, "colegadar". The village was by-passed by the Federal Highway in 1988.

The Bushranger Hotel in Collector was the site of the shooting of policeman, Constable Samuel Nelson on 26 Jan 1865, by John Dunn. Dunn was a bushranger and a member of Ben Hall's gang. The bushrangers were robbing the hotel when Nelson tried to stop them.

Other businesses in the village are: The Grapefoodwine Restaurant, Lynwood Café /Restaurant, Cafe Lerida of Lerida Estate Winery, Collector Art Gallery and Collector Quarries.

Collector is also famous for the sculpture Dreamers Gate by Tony Phantastes. He built it between 1993 and 1997 to as a memorial, among other things, to his father. It is a gothic sculpture made of cement and wire 24 metres long and 7 metres high. The artist and the Gunning Shire Council have been arguing over the sculpture since 1999. The council want the sculpture removed because it is unsafe.



Calligra Flow

In computing, Kivio is a free diagramming software that is part of KOffice, an office suite for KDE.

Kivio is a flowcharting and diagramming program for the KOffice office suite, and has a user interface that looks like Microsoft Visio.

Features:


Diagramming software

Diagramming software is a computer program that is used to produce graphical diagrams.


Ottakring

Ottakring is part of Vienna. It is the 16th district of Vienna, created in 1893 from the villages of Ottakring and Neulerchenfeld. Ottakring can be reached by public transit; it is west of the city centre.
Today, there are fewer people in this district than in the past. In 1910, about 179,000 people lived there, but in 2019 there were only 103,000.

Josef Weinheber and Michael Häupl (the current mayor of Vienna) are some famous people from Ottakring.

Heuriger

Heuriger is a word that describes the wine of the current year, and the places which serve it. According to a law of 1784, the winemakers may serve their own current wine, without a special license. These restaurants are licensed according to laws of the Bundesland. In Vienna these laws date from 1975. Very often,these establishments also serve cheese and sausages, other meat products, certain kinds of fish, mixed pickles, eggs, various spreads (to put on breads) etc. Usually they only serve cold dishes. 

Intertidal zone

Intertidal zones are coastal areas, the space between high and low tides. They often have rock, sand or mud that is under water at high tide, and above water at low tide.

Rock pools are common on some shores. These areas are often home to many species of crabs, shellfish, shallow water fish and many other animals. Many environmental things affect these areas, for example, waves, sunlight, salinity, wind, and water tide. About 300,000 species have been found in the intertidal zone. These species have to tolerate the pounding of waves, the changes in temperature, and the drying out at low tide.

St James' Park

St James' Park is a football stadium in Newcastle, England. It is the current home stadium of Newcastle United.

St.James' Park hosted three matches of the Euro 1996 and also hosted some matches during the 2012 Olympic Games and for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.

The stadium was used by many great musicians like The Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Queen, Bob Dylan, Bryan Adams & Rod Stewart, among others.

Villa Park

Villa Park is a football stadium in Birmingham, England. It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa. The colour of the seats are blue and claret because Villa's traditional home colours are claret and blue. The ground is located near the border between the two Birmingham inner-city suburbs of Aston and Witton, and is at the northern edge of Aston Park. The stands are called the Holte End, the Doug Ellis Stand, the Trinity Road Stand and the North Stand. 

DW Stadium

The DW Stadium is a football stadium in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. It is the current home stadium of Wigan Athletic football club and the Wigan Warriors rugby league club. The stadium is named after the sportswear and fitness company "DWSportsfitness".

It opened in 1999 as JJB Stadium, from the "JJB Sports" sportswear company. The name changed in 2009 when Wigan Athletic owner Dave Whelan bought a chain of fitness clubs from JJB Sports and set up a new business, DWSportsfitness. The deal also gave Whelan stadium naming rights, and he changed its name to DW Stadium at that time.

White Hart Lane

White Hart Lane was a football stadium in London, England. It was the home stadium of Tottenham Hotspur. But due to plans by the club to build a new stadium, White Hart Lane has been demolished to make room for the new 60000 seat venue.

Hawthorne Heights

Hawthorne Heights are an American rock band. They formed in 2001 and were originally called "A Day in the Life" but later changed their name and lineup. 

They have released three albums and a number of singles. Their album titled "Fragile Future" was released on August 5, 2008, in the United States and on August 11, 2008, in the United Kingdom. Their most recent album is called "Skeletons", and was made available on June 1, 2010. Their other albums include "If Only You Were Lonely" and "The Silence in Black and White". They spawned emo classics such as "Saying Sorry" and "Ohio Is for Lovers".

Casey Calvert, who played guitar and did the screaming for the band, died on November 24, 2007, and another member found him in the morning. They had to push back touring etc., and had started on a tour already and had big plans.

Later, another person in the band, Micah Carli, started doing the harsh death growl vocals for the band.

They have had many tours including the Never Sleep Again tour, the Warped Tour and Projekt Revolution. They played the Never Sleep Again tour with fellow band Silverstein.






Stadium of Light

The Stadium of Light is a football stadium in Sunderland, England. It is the current home stadium of Sunderland A.F.C. This stadium was officially inaugurated by the Prince Andrew, Duke of York, on the 30th July, in 1997, during a match between Sunderland A.F.C. and Ajax Amsterdam.

The Stadium of Light is a all seated stadium and mainly used for the league matches of Sunderland A.F.C. Beside this use there were some matches of national teams. 

The Stadium is also used for concerts (for example Oasis, Take That and Pink). Also the graduation ceremony of the University of Sunderland is held in the stadium.

The record of visitors was in a league match versus Liverpool with 48,353 set 13 April 2002. 

Lungfish

Lungfish are members of the order Dipnoi. They are a sister group to the coelacanths and to the early lobe-finned fish which gave rise to the tetrapods. All these fish have paired appendages, fins or limbs, attached to a pelvis or shoulder by means of a single bone, the femur or humerus.

The living members of the group are special freshwater fish. They are the only living fish that have both lungs and gills. They need this because they live in small lakes and rivers that sometimes dry up. When this happens, these fish don't die, but they can survive in the mud, for up to 4 years. They use their lungs during this time. This is called aestivation, which is a type of dormancy.

Currently there 8 species of lungfish, six of them in Africa, one in South America and one in Australia.

Cellobiose

Cellobiose is a kind of sugar.

This word is from biochemistry and cellobiose is part of the disaccharide group of sugars. This sugar was called "cellose".

Cellobiose is made from cellulose, which comes from the cells of plants. Things that have a lot of cellulose are good for making cellobiose, like cotton or paper. Water and cellulose make cellobiose: this process is called hydrolysis.

Pure cellobiose is a white powder. 
People cannot metabolize cellobiose.

Alfred Wegener

Alfred Lothar Wegener (1 November 1880 – 13 November 1930) was a German scientist, geophysist and meteorologist. He is most notable for his theory of continental drift, which he proposed in December 1912. This was the idea that the continents were slowly drifting around the Earth. He also had ideas about why the continents drift, which other scientists thought were impossible. His hypothesis was not accepted until the 1950s. Then several discoveries gave evidence of continental drift, and of the actual causes.

Wegener was born in Berlin and in 1904 he earned his PhD in Astronomy at the University of Berlin. As a reserve officer of the German Army he was called up in 1914 to fight in World War I. He was severely wounded in Belgium and transferred to the army weather service. After the war he mainly did weather work.

The theory had been proposed before, more than once. The first time was by the mapmaker Abraham Ortelius in the 16th century.

Wegener used geologic, fossil, and glacial evidence from opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean to support his theory of continental drift. For example, he said that there were geological similarities between the Appalachian Mountains in North America, and the Scottish Highlands. Also, he said that the rock strata in South Africa and Brazil were similar.

He believed these similarities could be explained only if these geologic features were once part of the same continent. Wegener said that because they are less dense, continents float on top of the denser rock of the ocean floor, and move across the ocean floor rock. Although continental drift explained many of Wegener's observations, he could not find scientific evidence to make a complete explanation of how continents move.

The British geologist Arthur Holmes championed the theory of continental drift at a time when it was unfashionable. He proposed in 1931 that the Earth's mantle contained convection cells that dissipated radioactive heat and moved the crust at the surface. His "Principles of Physical Geology", ending with a chapter on continental drift, was published in 1944.

However, most Earth scientists and palaeontologists did not believe Wegener's theory and thought it was foolish. Some critics thought that giant land bridges could explain the similarities among fossils in South America and Africa. Others argued that Wegener's theory did not explain the forces that would have been needed to move continents to such great distances. Wegener thought that the forces that moved the continents could be caused by the rotation of the Earth and stellar precession and that same forces made earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.

During the 1950s, in the mid-atlantic ridge discoveries of sea-floor spreading and magnetic reversal proved that Wegener's theory was real and led to the theory of plate tectonics, though his proposed causes were mistaken. Today geologists say that continents are actually parts of moving tectonic plates that float on the asthenosphere, a layer of partly molten rock.

Motte-and-bailey

A motte-and-bailey is a kind of castle, or fortification. Many of them were built in the 11th and 12th century around Europe.

These structures consist of a hill (the motte) and a courtyard (the bailey). The motte was often artificial and on top, a wooden or stone tower was built. The bailey was surrounded by a protective ditch and wall of wooden fence (a palisade). They were relatively easy to build compared to stone buildings. All the same, they were significant and difficult to overcome.

If they were built of wood, this meant they could be burnt down. Also wood rots when it gets wet so the structure needed regular repair. As time went by castles were made of stone, which is much stronger. Palisades were replaced by stone walls, and wooden tower were replaced in stone. 

Motte and bailey castles appeared in England after the Norman Conquest of 1066. They were a common feature in England by the death of William the Conqueror in 1087. Their construction was the start of what was to become a massive castle building programme in England and Wales.

Madison Lake, Minnesota

Madison Lake is a small town in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,247 in the 2020 census.

Dinar

The Dinar is the official currency in many countries. It is used in many countries near the Mediterranean Sea. The word "dinar" (, , ) is derived from denarius, a Roman currency.


Wasatch Mountains

The Wasatch Range is a mountain range that stretches about from the Utah- Idaho border, south through central Utah in the western United States. 

Jacob Zuma

Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma (born 12 April 1942) in what is now Nkandla, KwaZulu-Natal is a South African politician. He was the President of South Africa from 2009 to 2018.

In the 1960s, he was against the government of South Africa's policy of apartheid. He spent some time in prison on Robben Island for conspiring to overthrow the government.

In February 14, 2018 South Africa President Jacob Zuma resigned for a disputed disagreement instruction with the ruling African National Congress.

In 2005 he was charged with rape but he was found not guilty.

One of their traditions he follows is polygamy (having more than one wife). He has had six wives (one of them killed herself in 2000) and has fathered more than twenty children.

Zuma was the person to tell the public on December 5, 2013 that Nelson Mandela had died.

On the eve of the African National Congress having a vote of no confidence against him, Zuma resigned. A few weeks after he resigned, it was reported that he fathered a child with a 24 year old woman in a Durban hospital.

On 29 June 2021, Zuma was sentenced to fifteen months in prison for not showing up to court over his corruption trial.

In August 2021, Jacob Zuma received an insufficient pension to cover his legal costs. In any case, this is what his relatives suggest, who are calling on their fellow citizens to contribute to their former head of state.

In September 2021, the South African Constitutional Court scathingly dismissed former President Zuma's petition to reverse his ruling sentencing him to 15 months in prison for contempt of justice.

Cup of coffee

A cup of coffee is North American sports terminology for spending a short time by a minor league player at the major league level.

Inning

An inning, or innings, is a fixed-length section of a game in several sports – most notably cricket and baseball when one team would try to score while the other team would try to stop the first from scoring. In baseball, a team's turn to score is called a "half-inning" instead. A team's scoring turn ends in these sports when the players on the scoring team have been "put out" (made to leave the field because of their mistakes during gameplay) a certain number of times. 

In cricket, a team's innings ends when they no longer have two players who are allowed to bat. This almost always happens when 10 of the 11 players on the team are out (batsmen who are put out are not allowed to bat again during the innings). A team's innings can also end when they have reached a time limit, or the ball has been legally thrown to their players to try to hit and score a certain number of times (as in T20 cricket, where each team is limited to 120 such throws), if the team had agreed to such limitations before the game. The term "innings" can also refer to a single batter's turn to bat, or the number of runs they score during their turn.

A Super Over is a tiebreaker in which both teams get extra innings with a maximum of 6 legal deliveries. If the teams are still tied after the Super Over, more Super Overs are played until one of the teams scores more runs than its opponents.

One notable time a Super Over happened was during the 2019 Cricket World Cup Final.

Industrial relations

The field of industrial relations (also called labor relations) looks at the relationship between management and workers, mostly groups of workers shown by a union.

The Michigan Daily

The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan. The first edition of the paper was published September 29, 1890.

Strikeout

In baseball or softball, a strikeout or strike out (denoted by SO or K) happens when a batter gets three strikes when at bat.

Conan O'Brien

Conan Christopher O'Brien (born April 18, 1963) is an American television host, comedian, writer, producer, musician, and voice actor. He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows, the most recent of which, is "Conan", premiered on American cable television station TBS in 2010, and ended in 2021.

O'Brien was born in Brookline, Massachusetts. His father, Thomas Francis O'Brien, is a physician, epidemiologist, and professor of medicine at Harvard. His mother, Ruth O'Brien (née Reardon), is an attorney and partner at the Boston firm Ropes & Gray. He is the third of six children. O'Brien's family is Irish Catholic; some of his Irish ancestors immigrated before the American Civil War. In a "Late Night" episode, O'Brien paid a visit to County Kerry, Ireland, where his ancestors originated.

Conan got his first start in comedy as a writer for "Saturday Night Live" and "The Simpsons". Conan hosted "Late Night" from 1993 to 2009. In 2009, he replaced Jay Leno as host of "The Tonight Show". In 2010, NBC decided to give "The Tonight Show" back to Leno, which led to Conan leaving NBC. Many people were upset that Conan had to leave. After leaving "The Tonight Show", Conan grew a beard and went on a comedy tour. On November 8, 2010, he hosted a late-night talk show on TBS called "Conan", which ended in 2021.


Alfred P. Sloan

Alfred Pritchard Sloan, Jr. (May 23, 1875 – February 17, 1966) was the president and chairman of General Motors.

Sloan was born in a business family. He passed the examination of Massachusetts Institute of Technology when he was very young. When he was 26 his father bought a bearing company and made him president. The company did well and Sloan became president of General Motors. He managed the company with a new combination of centralization and decentralization and led the company into prosperity.

Besides, he was a philanthropist who donated considerable money to charity.

Kenny Black

Kenneth George Black (born 29 November 1963) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Airdrie United F.C..

John Brown (football player)

John Brown, also well known by his nickname "Bomber", (born January 26, 1962 in Stirling) is a former Scottish professional footballer, and former manager of Clyde.

Alex Rae

Alexander Scott Rae, (born September 30 1969 in Glasgow), is a professional footballer, who is currently player-manager at Dundee.

Jim McIntyre

James 'Jim' McIntyre (born 24 May 1972 in Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire) is a Scottish footballer who is currently player-manager for Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish First Division.

David Irons

David John Irons (born July 18 1961 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer. His playing career spanned 26 years as a central defender or midfielder. He is currently manager of Scottish League club Greenock Morton.

Roberto Landi

Roberto Landi (born January 2, 1956 in Forlì) is an Italian football manager.

Ian McCall

Ian Holland McCall (born 30 September 1964 in Dumfries, Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer and current manager. In 2015 he became manager of Ayr United.

Gordon Chisholm

Gordon Chisholm (born April 8 1960 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional footballer. He is currently the manager of Scottish First Division club Dundee.

Derek Adams

Derek Adams (born 25 June 1975) is a former Scottish footballer. As of 2022 he is manager at Morecambe.

He is the son of George Adams.

Derek McInnes

Derek John McInnes (born 5 July 1971 in Paisley, Renfrewshire) is a former professional footballer and current manager of Kilmarnock.

McInnes played for Greenock Morton, Rangers, West Bromwich Albion and Dundee United during his playing career.

McInnes became manager of St. Johnstone in November 2007. He helped the club gain promotion to the Scottish Premier League in 2009 and kept that status for two seasons.

McInnes was made manager of Bristol City on 19 October 2011. He was sacked as manager of the club on 12 January 2013.

After leaving Bristol City, McInnes became manager of Scottish club Aberdeen on 25 March 2013. He helped them win the 2014 Scottish League Cup, winning the final 4–2 on penalties. He stayed there for eight years, before leaving by mutual consent on 8 March 2021.

In January 2022 McInnes was made manager of Scottish club Kilmarnock.

Airdrie

Airdrie is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is home to Scottish First Division football team Airdrie United F.C..

Gynoecium

A gynoecium (from Ancient Greek "gyne", "woman") is the female reproductive parts of a flower. The male parts are called the androecium. Some flowers have both female and male parts, and some do not.

Another key term is carpel. Carpels are the building blocks of a pistil. The gynoecium may have one pistil or more. A pistil may have one carpel or more than one stuck together ("fused"). Carpels and pistils have three parts: a stigma at the top where the pollen lands; a style and an ovary. In the case of a pistil, the stigma, style, and ovary may be made up of those parts of more than one carpel, fused.

Plant ovaries are the parts of the gynoecium which (much like animal ovaries) contain ovules. The style is generally stalklike. It is between the ovary at the bottom and the stigma at the top. In some plants, there are no styles in the pistils. The stigma is the pollen receptor at the top of the carpel. Stigmas may be separate or they may be in a region called the "stigmatic region".

A carpel is the basic unit of the female reproductive organ of a flower (the gynoecium). The parts of the carpel are:

The ovule, when mature, has one or two coats round the central nucellus, except at the top where there is an opening, the micropyle. The nucellus is a tissue round one large cell, the megaspore. The one large cell divides, giving the egg and some other cells.

An example of a simple carpel is that of a pea, bean or "Arabidopsis": the fruit develops from the single carpel consisting of two rows of ovules aligned beside one another along the "placental" margin.

An alternative term for the female parts. This table shows how it is used:


Chase This Light

Chase This Light is an album by alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. It was released on October 23, 2007.

Several singles came from this album including "Big Casino", "Always Be" and "Let It Happen".



Saves the Day

Saves the Day are a band who have played many genres of music during their career. They formed together in 1997, and have often changed their lineup, with singer Chris Conley being the only original member who is still in the band.

At first, Saves the Day was influenced heavily by melodic hardcore band Lifetime. At first, their songs had macabre lyrics and a lot of power chords. In 2001, they started to have more of a pop sound.

The band started to record a trilogy of albums in 2005. The first album, "Sound the Alarm" (2006), is more similar to the band's original sound than the band's previous albums. The second album, "Under the Boards", was released in fall 2007 and mixed together many previous records' sounds. "Daybreak", the concluding album in the trilogy, was released in 2011. They started recording it after a string of shows in late October 2008.


Jesus Christ Superstar

Jesus Christ Superstar is a rock opera. It is based on the Gospel accounts of Jesus. Tim Rice wrote the lyrics and Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote the music. "Superstar" premiered on 12 October 1971 at the Mark Hellinger Theatre on Broadway. It opened on the West End in 1972. It was released as a movie in 1973 starring Ted Neeley and Carl Anderson.

Cumbernauld

Cumbernauld is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is home to the Scottish First Division football team, Clyde F.C..

Livingston

Livingston is a town in the Scottish county of West Lothian. It is home to the Scottish Premiership football club Livingston F.C.

Dunfermline

Dunfermline (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Phàrlain) is a town in Fife, Scotland. It sits on high ground three miles from the northern shore of the Firth of Forth, northwest of Edinburgh, and was an ancient capital of Scotland. It is home to Dunfermline Athletic F.C. who play at East End Park.


Greenock

Greenock (Gaelic "Grianaig") is a large town in the Inverclyde council area of western Scotland. 

Greenock's population was recorded as being 45,467 in the 2001 census, a decrease from about 78,000 in 1966. It lies on the south bank of the Clyde at the "Tail of the Bank" where the River Clyde expands into the Firth of Clyde, and is in what was the county of Renfrewshire.

Dumfries

Dumfries is a former royal burgh and town within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland. Its name means either "fort" or "ridge of the thicket." 

Dumfries was the county town of the former county of Dumfriesshire. It has a population of 49,883. This makes Dumfries one of the largest non-city areas in Scotland. 

Its nickname is "Queen of the South", which is also the name of its local football team Queen of the South F.C..

Dumfries is close to the Solway Firth, near the mouth of the River Nith. The River Nith runs through the centre of the town.

Its suburbs include: 
The eastern side of Dumfries has the DG1 post code, while the western side of the town has the DG2 postcode. 

Dumfries has four main high schools, with three being in DG1. There is one primary school per key district. There is one college in the town, while the University of west of Scotland and the open university is on the same campus. Glasgow University also has a campus on the same site.

Inter Milan

Football Club Internazionale Milano, simply known as Inter and colloquially known as Inter Milan outside Italy, is an Italian football club that plays in Serie A. Their home stadium is the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza. They are also the only Italian team to win the treble.
This club is well known as one of strongest teams in Europe.

2020/21







Enzo Scifo

Enzo Scifo (born 19 February 1966) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium national team.

Anderlecht

Monaco

Torino

Belgium

Individual


Peter Bonetti

Peter Phillip Bonetti (27 September 1941 – 12 April 2020) was an English football player. He played for England national team.

Bonetti died on 12 April 2020, aged 78, following a long illness.

"Totals include one Charity Shield appearance in 1970–71."

Chelsea

St. Louis Stars

England

Individual

Alan Shearer

Alan Shearer (born 13 August 1970) is a retired English footballer and BBC football pundit. He played for the England national team, and club teams: Southampton, Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United. He won the Premier League with Blackburn in the 1994/95 season. He is the person who has scored the most goals in the Premier League, as well as the 4th most goals for England. He played as a striker and was very good at taking penalties. Shearer is considered a legend in his hometown of Newcastle, and he is well respected in the rest of England as well because of his good playing for England. He also managed Newcastle for the last eight games of the 2008–09 Premier League season. The team only got five points out of 28 possible points and were relegated to the championship for the 2009/2010 season.

Southampton

Blackburn Rovers

Newcastle United

England U21

England

Individual
Records

Dingwall

Dingwall is a town in the north of Scotland. It is home to the local football club, Ross County F.C.

Population: 5,470 (2016)

Dingwall is 198 km far from Edinburgh.

Excelsior Stadium

The Excelsior Stadium is the home of Airdrie United F.C. of the Scottish First Division. The ground is named as such as a tribute to the fact that Airdrieonians began life as Excelsior Football Club in 1878.

When the stadium first opened it was officially titled Shyberry Excelsior Stadium ("Shyberry" being the company who sponsored the stadium when it first opened). Now, though, even the name "Excelsior Stadium" is rarely used by Airdrie United supporters as well as opposing fans and even the media as the stadium has instead come to be referred to as New Broomfield which is more palatable from an Airdrie perspective due to its association with the former home of Airdrieonians, Broomfield Park.

Ruud Gullit

Ruud Gullit (born 1 September 1962) is a Dutch former football player. He has played for the Netherlands national team.

All competitive league games (league and domestic cup) and international matches (including friendlies) are included.

HFC Haarlem


Feyenoord


PSV


AC Milan


Sampdoria


Netherlands


Individual


Zbigniew Boniek

Zbigniew Kazimierz Boniek (born 3 March 1956) is a former Polish football player. He has played for Poland national team. Boniek is currently the vice president of UEFA.

172||50
157||30
329||80

!Total||80||24


Broadwood Stadium

Broadwood Stadium is an association football stadium in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. 

The stadium currently plays host to the home matches of Scottish First Division side, Clyde F.C., and the home matches of Scottish Premier Reserve League side Rangers Reserves. 

Dens Park

Dens Park is a football stadium on Dens Road in the Scottish city of Dundee. 

The stadium is the home of Dundee F.C. and has a capacity of 11,856. Uniquely, the stadium shares part of the same road (Sandeman Street) as Tannadice, which is the home of city rivals Dundee United F.C.

The club moved to 'Dens' from their first stadium at Carolina Port in 1899. Over the years, the ground has been redeveloped, with the construction of the near-identical Bobby Cox and Bob Shankly stands, which sit at either end of the ground. The former is given over to home supporters, and the latter to visiting supporters. 

32X

The Sega 32X is a game console first released by Sega in 1994. It was an add on for the Sega Mega Drive and was Sega's first console in the 32-bit games market. In Japan, it was called the Sega Super 32X. In North America, it was called the Sega Genesis 32X. In Europe and Australia, it was called the Sega Mega 32X.

The Sega 32X was an unpopular console and had poor sales, mostly due to there being only a handful of games made for it and because it was overshadowed by the Sega Saturn. 

Sega CD

The Sega CD, also called the in most places outside of North America, was a CD-based console add-on for the Sega Genesis. It was made by Sega. It was released in December 12, 1991 in Japan, October 15, 1992 in North America, and April 2, 1993 in Europe. It was 16-bit and Sega's first product in CD market. It was somewhat successful, but was criticized for the lack of quality games.

Commodore CDTV

The Amiga CDTV was a high-end game console and a home computer released by Commodore in March 1991.

The console was one of the first CD-based independent game consoles. However it was a commercial failure and was replaced by the Amiga CD32 in 1993.

Vilanova i la Geltrú

Vilanova i la Geltrú is a coastal town approximately south of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.

Commodore International

Commodore is the common name for Commodore International Limited, a U.S. computer and electronics manufacturing company. Headquarters were in West Chester, Pennsylvania. 

In the 1960s they made typewriters and later calculators. In the late 1970s and 1980s, Commodore was one of the largest producers of home computers. They are famous for cutting in 1983 the price of their products so aggressively that it created a "home computer war".

The first computer model produced was the Commodore PET in 1977. It came with a keyboard and 
a monochrome monitor. This was followed by the first color computer, known as the VIC-20. This computer sold for under $300 in 1981, around $1000 in today's money. 

The company also sold about 22 million Commodore 64 machines, introduced in 1982. It is believed to be the biggest-selling computer in history. Commodore later released the Amiga line of computers in 1985.

The company went bankrupt in 1994.

Commodore 64 Games System

Commodore 64 Games System (often abbreviated C64GS) was a cartridge based console made by Commodore International. It was Commodore's first console and was released in December 1990. It was a commercial failure because Commodore could not market the console properly due to its lack of games and the fact it was an 8-bit console in a 16-bit era.


East End Park

East End Park is a football stadium in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland. 

The stadium currently plays host to the home matches of Scottish First Division side, Dunfermline Athletic Football Club.

Cappielow

Cappielow is a district of Greenock in Inverclyde, west central Scotland. It is home to Scottish Football League side Greenock Morton F.C. The name Cappielow, usually refers to the Cappielow Park stadium, but it can also mean a small area of housing or the nearby industrial estate.

Almondvale Stadium

Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston, West Lothian. It is the home of Scottish First Division club Livingston F.C..

The stadium, which used to be called the ""City Stadium"" because of a deal with the City Group, was built in 1995. It had also previously been called the ""West Lothian Courier Stadium"". Since the club was taken over by the Lionheart Consortium, it was changed back to its original name, Almondvale Stadium. 

It is hired by Livingston FC from West Lothian Council every year. As Livingston moved up the divisions into the top flight of Scottish Football, they expanded the stadium to meet Premier League standards.

FM Towns Marty

The FM Towns Marty was the world's first 32-bit game console (not the Amiga CD32, which was only in Europe and North America). It was one of the first CD-based consoles and the first made for gaming rather than high-end PC-like systems, like the Amiga CDTV and Phillips CDi. It was only released in Japan and was a commercial failure, but despite this, it was made until 1999 – longer than the average games console.

Firhill Stadium

Firhill Stadium is the home ground of the Scottish association football club, Partick Thistle F.C.

In December 2005 Firhill also became the temporary home of Glasgow's professional Rugby Union team, Glasgow Warriors, when they moved from their previous base at Hughenden. The Glasgow Warriors will take up a two-year residency at Firhill from the start of the 2007-08 Magners League season.

Palmerston Park

Palmerston Park is a multi-use stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries, south-west Scotland. The site of the ground was formerly a farm called Palmers Toun. This is on the Maxwelltown side of the River Nith in Dumfries. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Queen of the South F.C. The stadium holds 6,412 people. It also holds the record of having the tallest free standing floodlights in Scottish football, standing at 85 feet.

CD-i

CD-i was a CD-based data storage format that was mostly created by Philips. It was designed to hold programs, similar to CD-ROM. The first CD-i player, the CDI 910/205, was released by Philips in 1991. Along with consoles such as the FM Towns Marty and the Amiga CDTV, the CD-i is one of the first CD-based consoles. The CD-i was a bit of a commercial failure, but still had a long lifespan, with the last one being made in 1998. Its last game, "Solar Crusade", released in 1999. The reason for its failure was most likely due to a lack of third party support, poorly received games, and a high selling price.

Victoria Park

Victoria Park is a football stadium in the town of Dingwall, Ross-shire, Scotland. It is the home stadium of Ross County F.C. who play in the Scottish First Division.

There are two stands, the West and East Stands, which have covered seats and two standing-only terraces known as the Academy End and Jailend. It has a total capacity of 5800 (2590 seated), so does not meet Scottish Premier League standards.

The Highland Football Academy is behind the Academy End and an "Astroturf" (fake grass) pitch is next to the East Stand. To date, the board have spent more than £3.5 million on renovating the stadium and plans are being made to create a modern all-seater stadium suitable for the Premier League.

The stadium holds more people than the town of Dingwall, which had a population of 5,026 at the last census.

Nintendo 64DD

The Nintendo 64DD (DD meaning Disk Drive) was a magnetic disk add-on for the Nintendo 64. It was considered too late in the fifth generation and flopped on its release in Japan in 1999. When it came out, the Dreamcast had already been released and soon for Nintendo fans the GameCube was developed with a built-in CD drive. For these reasons, it was unsuccessful, and only few games were ever released for it. The console was released only in Japan and it was discontinued in February 2001. Games such as "Super Mario 64 2" (the sequel to Nintendo 64's 1996 game, "Super Mario 64") were planned, but were cancelled. Instead, in 2004, an enhanced Nintendo DS remake called "Super Mario 64 DS" and was released the same day as the original "DS" and featured more characters, more stars, and better graphics. Only four "Mario" games were released on the 64 Disk Drive, all from the "Mario Artist" series.

McDiarmid Park

McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St. Johnstone Football Club from Perth, Scotland. It has an all-seated capacity of 10,673. The record attendance is 10,525, which occurred on May 23, 1999, when Tayside rivals Dundee were the visitors for the last game of the season.

Karbon14

Karbon14 (also known as Kontour, which was known KIllustrator) is a vector graphics editor. It is pat of KOffice, the KDE office suite.



Nike

Nike may refer to:


Leonese language

Leonese language ("llionés" in Leonese) is the language of León and Zamora, both in Spain, and Bragança, in Portugal. A Romance language, Leonese was the language of the Kingdom of León in the Middle Ages.

Leonese is recognised by the UN as "seriously endangered" and is officially recognised by Castile and León.

Leonese is taught in sixteen schools in the cirt of León, and there are lessons for adults in several villages in the provinces of León and Zamora.

For approximately fifteen years, some cultural associations have offered courses in Leonese, sometimes with the support or collaboration of local administrations in the provinces of Leon and Zamora. There was never collaboration by Castile and León. The courses have taken place mostly with difficulty, without continuity or by unqualified teachers and very often, far from where Leonese is spoken.

The language has five vowels in a stressed position, represented by "a, e, i, o" and "u", and three (two archiphonemes /I/, /U/ and one phoneme /a/) in a nonstressed position, represented by "e, u, "and "a" at the end of word.

UNESCO, in its "Atlas of Languages in Danger in the World", places Leonese among languages in danger.

Leonese is classified in the worst of the possible situations whose characteristics are:


Literature written in Leonese started in the Middle Ages and is still written today. The first written text in Leonese is the "Nodicia of Kesos" (959 or 974), found in Ardón. Other works in Leonese include the "Fueru de Llión", "Fueru de Salamanca", "Fueru Xulgu", "Códice d'Alfonsu XI", "Disputa d'Elena y María" and "Llibru d'Alixandre".

Important writers are Torres Naharro, Juan del Encina, and Lucas Fernández. Some writers like Caitano Bardón ("Cuentos en Dialecto Leonés"), Luis Maldonado or Aragón Escacena ("Entre brumas") restarted the Leonese literature in the early 20th century. Today, important writers include Eva González in the last 20th century or Abel Pardo, Xuasús González, Adrianu Martín or Félix Llópez.



Leonese

Leonese might mean:


Good Girl Gone Bad

Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The singles from the album includes "Umbrella", "Breakin' Dishes", "Shut Up and Drive", "Hate That I Love You", "Don't Stop the Music", and "Rehab". The album is a departure from the reggae sound of Rihanna's previous albums for a more pop, dance-pop and R&B album.

Rihanna did a worldwide concert tour on September 15, three months after the release of the album. The tour had three parts with sixty-one shows. It ended on April 5, 2008. The first part of the tour began in Canada. It included eleven shows across the country with Akon. The tour later went through United States and Europe without Akon.
Supporting acts for the tour were Akon, Ciara and David Jordan.



Credits for "Good Girl Gone Bad" adapted from AllMusic.

Judd Apatow

Judd Apatow (born December 6, 1967) is an American movie producer, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for producing a distinct series of critically and commercially successful comedy movies, including "" (2004), "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "" (2006), "Knocked Up", "Superbad" (both 2007), "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Step Brothers" and "Pineapple Express" (all 2008).

Apatow's comic and filmmaking influences including Adam Sandler, Garry Shandling, Steve Martin, Woody Allen, Kevin Smith, Harold Ramis, John Hughes, Jay Leno, John Cassavetes, Cameron Crowe, David Chase and Preston Sturges as influences.

Interstate 182

Interstate 182 (sometimes called I-182) is a 15.19-mile longInterstate Highway in the state of Washington, going into the Tri-Cities. The road goes from Interstate 82 west of Richland to U.S. Route 12 in Pasco. It runs along U.S. Route 12 from Interstate 82 to U.S. Route 12, Washington State Route 240 through Richland, and U.S. Route 395 in Pasco.

Interstate 84 (Oregon–Utah)

Interstate 84 (sometimes called I-84) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of Oregon, Idaho, and Utah. The road goes from Interstate 5 in Portland, Oregon to Interstate 80 in Echo, Utah. There is another road with the same name in the eastern part of the country.

Ellensburg, Washington

Ellensburg is a city in the state of Washington.

Tri-Cities, Washington

The Tri-Cities are a group of 3 cities in Washington. They are Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick.

Umatilla, Oregon

Umatilla is a city in the state of Oregon. It was the former county seat of Umatilla County. Its population was 7,363 at the 2020 United States Census.

Hermiston, Oregon

Hermiston is a city in the state of Oregon.

Richland, Washington

Richland is a city in the state of Washington.

Pasco, Washington

Pasco is a city in the state of Washington.

Selah, Washington

Selah is a city in the state of Washington.

Union Gap, Washington

Union Gap is a city in the state of Washington.

Zillah, Washington

Zillah is a city of Yakima County in the state of Washington in the United States. 2,198 people were living in Zillah as of 2000.

Granger, Washington

Granger is a city in the state of Washington.

Sunnyside, Washington

Sunnyside is a city in the state of Washington.

Grandview, Washington

Grandview is a city in the state of Washington in the United States. The population of the city was 8,377 at the 2000 census.

Grandview was incorporated on September 21, 1909. It began as the midway point on the rail line between Prosser and Sunnyside.

Grandview is located at (46.253670, -119.910133).

It has a total area of 5.4 square miles (14.0 km²). The whole of it is land.

As of the census of 2000, there were 8,377 people, 2,431 houses, and 1,956 families in the city. The density was 1,552.3 people per square mile. There were 51.12% White, 0.58% African American, 0.94% Native American, 0.94% Asian, 0.11% Pacific Islander, 43.27% from other races, and 3.03% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 68.04% of the population.

There were 2,431 households out of which 49.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 60.0% were married couples living together. 14.6% had a female householder with no husband present. 19.5% were non-families. 16.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.40 and the average family size was 3.80.

In the city the population was spread out with 36.2% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 27.0% from 25 to 44, 16.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The average age was 27 years. For every 100 females there were 98.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.6 males.

The average income for a household in the city was $32,588, and the average income for a family was $36,165. Males had a median income of $29,321 versus $21,959 for females. The per capita income for the city was $12,489. About 16.0% of families and 20.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.0% of those under age 18 and 17.6% of those age 65 or over.

Prosser, Washington

Prosser is a city in the state of Washington.

Music of the Sun

Music of the Sun is the first studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The album was released on August 30, 2005 by Def Jam and SRP with the singles "Pon de Replay" and "If It's Lovin' that You Want. The album features a wide range types of music, including dancehall, reggae and R&B as well as elements of hip hop and Latin and features guest appearances from Vybz Kartel, Kardinal Offishall, J-Status and Elephant Man.


Credits for "Music of the Sun" are adapted from AllMusic.





!scope="row"| Canada (CRIA)

!scope="row"| United Kingdom (BPI)
!scope="row"| United States (RIAA)

Benton City, Washington

Benton City is a city in the state of Washington. About 2,600 people live in Benton City as of 2002.

Pon de Replay

"Pon de Replay" is the debut single recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" (2005). It was written and produced by Vada Nobles, Alisha "M'Jestie" Brooks, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. Her debut single, the song was released on May 24, 2005 as the lead single from the album. It is a dancehall, reggae and R&B song that means "play it again" in one of Barbadoss official langauges.

The song peaked at number 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, becoming her first Top 5 single; it also peaked at number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in the UK and at number 6 and number 7 in Australia and Canada, respectively. The beat for "Pon de Replay" was also used in Natasja Saad's hit "Mon de Reggae". Pon de Replay was also a major dance hit topping both the Hot Dance Music/Club Play and the Dance Radio Airplay chart for 2 weeks. It also performed well on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks charts peaking at #24; most of its chart points had been received from airplay from pop stations and from its digital downloads. In an unusual situation, the track reached #6 on the Hot Rap Tracks, an unlikely supporter of the song. On the non-Billboard chart, ARC Top 40, the track also hit #1. Pop girl group Girl Authority covered the song in 2006 for their debut album. The song was the 21st best sell of 2005 with 3,970,000 units sold.

The hit single, "Pon de Replay" was first made public in the mainstream media on March 17, 2005 by publicist, Jonathan Hay through co-producer Vada Nobles on MTV News.



In the music video, directed by Little X, Rihanna and her friends arrive at the club where everybody is bored and not dancing because of the low music. Rihanna steps up and sings the song, causing the DJ to turn the music up and everybody to start dancing. The music video also features Rihanna doing some belly dancing moves. The music video was also popular receiving much play from MTV and BET. It peaked at #2 on MTV's "Total Request Live" spending 37 days on the countdown; it was not able to retire due to the early introduction of the music video for her second single, "If It's Lovin' That You Want". The video reached #4 on BET's "106 & Park" and remained on the countdown for over 20 days.

"Weird Al" Yankovic covered part of the song in his polka medley Polkarama! from the album "Straight Outta Lynwood".

Kennewick, Washington

Kennewick is a city in the state of Washington.

Plymouth, Washington

Plymouth is an unincorporated community found in Benton County of the state of Washington in the United States.

Outlaw

An outlaw or bandit or thug is a person who is "outside the law" usually because they have committed serious crimes. A longtime criminal can be declared an "outlaw", which means the outlaw cannot use the legal system to protect himself if needed.


Kittitas County, Washington

Kittitas County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Ellensburg, Washington. In 2020, 44,337 people lived there. The county includes of which 2,297 are land (the rest is water). The highest point is Mount Daniel at .

Yakima County, Washington

Yakima County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Yakima, Washington.

Benton County, Washington

Benton County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Benton City, Washington.

Umatilla County, Oregon

Umatilla County () is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. The county seat is Umatilla. In 2020, 80,075 people lived there. The county includes 3,231 square miles (8,369 km) of which 3,215 is land and the rest is water.

Cell

In biology, the cell is the basic structure of organisms. All cells are made by the division of other cells.

The environment outside the cell is separated from the cytoplasm inside the cell by the cell membrane. Inside some cells, parts of the cell stay separate from other parts. These separate parts are called organelles (like small organs). They each do different things in the cell. Examples are the nucleus (where DNA is), and mitochondria (where chemical energy is converted).
Cell can be divided into different types depending on the structure of the nucleus and the physiological function. In 1957 cells were divided into two types based on the structure of nucleus. These were the prokaryotic cell and the eukaryotic cell. Prokaryotes, such as bacteria and archaea, are simple cells that have no cell nucleus. They do have bacterial microcompartments.

Eukaryotes are complex cells with many organelles and other structures in the cell. They are larger than prokaryote cells: they can be as much as 1000 times greater in volume. Eukaryotes store their genetic information (DNA) on chromosomes in the cell nucleus. Organisms (living things) which are made up of multiple cells are eukaryotes.

Most cells are small, the largest just being seen by the human eye (egg cell). They need to be small in order to work as they should.

The only kinds of prokaryotic organisms are bacteria and archaea. Prokaryotic organisms evolved before eukaryotic organisms, so at one point the world consisted of nothing but prokaryotic organisms. There are also viruses, which are biological organisms. They "always" reproduce inside the cells of other organisms. They cause some important diseases. Viruses are made of RNA, or DNA, and protein, and they reproduce themselves inside the cells of bacteria or eukaryotes.

The prokaryotic cell has three regions namely the cell envelope, cytoplasmic region and flagella or pili.


Unicellular organisms are made up of one cell. Examples of unicellular organisms are:

Unicellular organisms need to:

All unicellular organisms must:

Some may:

Multicellular organisms are made from many cells. They are complex organisms. This can be a small number of cells, or millions or trillions of cells. All plants and animals are multicellular organisms. The cells of a multicellular organism are not all the same. They have different shapes and sizes, and do different work in the organism. The cells are specialised, this means they do only some kinds of work. By themselves, they cannot do everything that the organism needs to live. They need other cells to do other work. They live together, but cannot live alone.

Cells were discovered by Robert Hooke (1635–1703). He used a compound microscope with two lenses to look at the structure of cork, and to look at leaves and some insects. He did this from about 1660, and reported it in his book "Micrographica" in 1665. He named cells after the Latin word "cella", meaning room. He did this because he thought cells looked like small rooms.

Many other naturalists and philosophers tried out the new instrument. The structure of plants was investigated by Nehemiah Grew (1641–1712) and Marcello Malpighi (1628–1694). Grew's major work was "The anatomy of plants" (1682). It is not clear who first saw animal cells, Malpighi, Jan Swammerdam (1637–1680) or Antonie van Leeuwenhoek (1632–1723).

Leeuwenhoek's discoveries and drawings of 'little animalcules' opened up a whole new world for naturalists. Protozoa, and microorganisms generally were discovered, and the discoveries about them are still going on today. Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg's book "Die Infusionsthierchen" summarised what was known in 1838. Lorenz Oken (1779–1851) in 1805 wrote that infusoria (microscopic forms) were the basis of all life. 

The idea that cells were the basis of the larger forms of life came in the 18th century. Finding out who did the work has taken some time:

The cell theory includes these important ideas: 

The body cells of metazoans divide by simple mitotic cell division. Sexual reproduction is ancestral in eukaryotes, and in metazoa it is carried out by specialised sex cells. They are produced by a process called meiosis. 

Prokaryotic cells reproduce using binary fission, where the cell simply splits in half. For both mitosis and binary fission the cell must replicate (copy) all its genetic information (DNA) so that each new cell will have a copy.


Cartomancy

Cartomancy is the study of reading cards for fortune-telling or divination. There are many different types of cards used for cartomancy, some of which include standard playing cards and the tarot.

Tarot cards are similar to a standard deck of playing cards. In fact, Tarot predates regular playing cards, and might have been the basis for them. The major difference between playing cards and tarot is that tarot decks contain 22 extra cards called the Major Arcana, which are primarily used to read fortunes.

Some Spanish-speaking countries like Mexico use cards similar to bingo for fortune-telling. They call this practice Lotería. Because the game was invented in Italy, Lotería gets its name from the Italian word for lottery.

Borscht

Borscht (, , , Lithuanian: "barščiai", ) is a red beet soup. It is a very popular and widely known dish in Russian and Ukrainian cuisine. It is also often eaten in Eastern European countries, such as Romania, Poland, Belarus, Moldova and Lithuania and immigrants around the world who come from countries which were members of the Soviet Union. It contains red beets, carrots, meat or meat stock, onion, potatoes and cabbage. Borscht soup is usually eaten with a piece of black bread, and a dollop of sour cream on top.

Visconti-Sforza tarot deck

The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is the oldest known tarot deck. It was ordered to be made in the 15th century by Filippo Maria Visconti who was then the Duke of Milan. The name of the deck is used to describe various decks that have survived over time.

Thoth tarot deck

The Thoth tarot deck is a tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris at the request of Aleister Crowley. Crowley referred to this deck as "The Book of Thoth", and wrote a book with the same title of use with the deck.

Tlaxcala (disambiguation)

Tlaxcala might mean:


Tlaxcala

Tlaxcala is the smallest state in Mexico with about a million people. It is in central Mexico, east of Mexico (state) and west of Puebla (state).

International Alliance of Research Universities

The International Alliance of Research Universities (IARU) was a program launched in January 2006 as a leading co-operative network of 10 international research-intensive universities. The president of the IARU is Australian National University Vice-Chancellor Professor Ian Chubb.

Its members are:

Rod Serling

Rod Serling (December 25, 1924 – June 28, 1975) was American screenwriter, radio and television narrator and producer. He is best known for producing and hosting the television series "The Twilight Zone". In 1973 and 1974, he hosted a syndicated radio program.

After three emergency surgeries, Serling died during surgery on 28 June 1975 from heart problems. He was buried on July 2 1975 in Interlaken, New York. He was married to Carolyn Kramer.

In 1994, computers were used to have him host a television movie of the "Twilight Zone" using old images of him.

Masoretic Text

The Masoretic Text is a copy of the Hebrew Bible that was written by the Masoretes between the 6th and 10th centuries.

The Masoretic Text is an authority because it is the source for most translations of the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament.

Before the first century CE, there were some small differences between copies of the Hebrew Bible. During first century CE, Jewish Bible specialists agreed on the same words, a process called standardisation.

Between about 100 and 300 CE, a group of Jewish Bible specialists called the Tannaim copied this Hebrew Bible. Then between about 300 and 500 CE, another group of Jewish Bible specialists called the Amoraim continued the work of the Tannaim. The Masoretes then continued the Amoraim's work for the next 500 years.

The Masoretes were very careful when they copied the Bible. When they thought there was a mistake in the work of the Amoraim or the other specialists, they wrote a note in the side of the book, rather than change the book. After they copied a book, they counted the verses, words and letters in each book to make sure there were no mistakes.

The Masoretes also added vowel points to make the Bible easier to read because the Hebrew writing does not show vowels.

There were two main places where Masoretes worked: Babylon and Israel. The Masoretes also wrote book about the Bible called the Masorah.


Golant

Golant is a small village in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the parish of St Sampson on the banks of the Fowey estuary and between St. Austell and Polperro. The church in the villiage is dedicated to St. Sampson.

Golant railway station was at one time by the river to the south of the village. It was served by trains on the Great Western Railway's Fowey branch line from 1 July 1896 until 4 January 1965. The station has since been removed. The space is now used for a car park.

Annie Vernon, the Olympic rower, first learned her sport at Golant's Castle Dore Rowing Club.

Until very recently, Golant has been almost unknown except to the people who live there and pilgrims and other walkers of the Saints' Way. Nearby, there is a little used ford across the Fowey estuary. In late summer 1644, during the first English Civil War, war came to Golant and the area around the village. A large group of about 10,000 Parliamentary soldiers fought against the forces of King Charles on the peninsula between Lostwithiel, St Blazey and Fowey. King Charles was in the area at the time.

Saints' Way

The Saints' Way () is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.

It follows the probable route of early Christian travellers making their way from Ireland to the Continent. Rather than risk the difficult passage around Land's End they would disembark their ships on the North Cornish coast and progress to ports such as Fowey on foot. The footpath today between Padstow in the north and Fowey in the south is 26 miles in length and is well marked. Guide books are available.

Saints' Way information at Cornwall County Council 

Golda Meir

Golda Meir (; , , born Golda Mabovitch, May 3 1898 - December 8 1978, known as Golda Myerson from 1917 to 1956) was the fourth prime minister of the State of Israel.

Golda Meir became Prime Minister of Israel on March 17 1969 after serving as Minister of Labour and Foreign Minister. She was said to be the "Iron Lady" "(a strong-minded woman)" of Israel's politics years before that name became said about the British prime minister, Margaret Thatcher. Meir was Israel's first and so far only female prime minister. She was the world's third female prime minister. The two biggest events of her time as prime minister were the murder of eleven Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games and the 1973 Yom Kippur War. After questions about her handling of the war, Meir left her job even though she had been found to be not to blame for problems with the war.

Her birth name was Golda Mabovitch (). She was born in Kiev in the former Russian Empire (today Ukraine), and her parents were Blume Naidich and Moshe Mabovitch, a carpenter. The family moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in the United States. Her father found a job as a carpenter, and her mother ran a grocery store. At the age of eight, she was already put in charge of watching the store when her mother went to the market for supplies. 

When she was 14 years old, Golda went to North Division High School and worked part-time. Her mother wanted her to leave school and marry, but she did not. She ran away from home and bought a train ticket to Denver, Colorado, and went to live with her married sister, Sheyna Korngold. The Korngolds held evening meetings at their home where Meir learned about the Jews' desire for a country of their own, literature, women's rights, trade unions and more. In Denver, she also met Morris Meyerson, a sign painter, whom she married when she was 19.

The two biggest things to happen during her time as prime minister were the murder of eleven Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games by the terrorist group Black September, and the twenty-day war called the Yom Kippur War between Israel and the Arab states led by Egypt and Syria in October 1973.

The Yom Kippur War was from October 6 to October 26, 1973 and was between a group of Arab countries led by Syria and Egypt against Israel. Israel was surprised by the attack and after the Yom Kippur War, the government was asked questions about Israel's not being ready for the war. A group of people who were asked to look into the war decided that it was not Meir's fault. Her political party won the elections in December 1973, but Meir stopped being prime minister on April 11, 1974, because she felt that was what the people of Israel wanted. Yitzhak Rabin became prime minister after her on June 3, 1974.

In 1975, Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her services to the State of Israel.

On December 8, 1978, Golda Meir died of cancer in Jerusalem at the age of 80. She was buried Helkat Gdolei Ha'uma in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem on December 12 1978.


Haumea (dwarf planet)

136108 Haumea (symbol ) is a dwarf planet in the Solar System. Its discovery was announced in 2005 by astronomers Michael E. Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz of the United States, and J. L. Ortiz of Spain. It was classified as a dwarf planet on September 17, 2008. 136108 Haumea is a Trans-Neptunian object, because it orbits the Sun after Neptune. It has two known moons, Hiʻiaka and Namaka. 136108 Haumea is special because of its very short day and odd shape. It turns once on its axis every four hours. This quick turning has caused 136108 Haumea to be shaped like an ellipsoid. It was the fifth discovered dwarf planet. 

The object was originally nicknamed 'Santa' as it was discovered shortly after Christmas. In 2008, the International Astronomical Union gave it the proper name 136108 Haumea, after a Hawaiian god of childbirth and fertility.

A stellar occultation observed on January 21, 2017, and described in an October 2017 "Nature" article, indicated the presence of a ring around 136108 Haumea. This represents the first ring system discovered for a TNO. The ring has a radius of about 2,287 km, a width of ~70 km and an opacity of 0.5. It is well within Haumea's Roche limit, which would be at a radius of about 4,400 km if it were a sphere (not being a sphere pushes the limit out farther). The ring plane is inclined 3.2°±1.4° with respect to 136108 Haumea's equatorial plane and approximately coincides with the orbital plane of its larger, outer moon Hiʻiaka. The ring is also close to the 1:3 orbit-spin resonance with 136108 Haumea's rotation (which is at a radius of 2,285 ± 8 km from Haumea's center). The ring is estimated to contribute 5% to the total brightness of 136108 Haumea. 


Psychosocial (song)

"Psychosocial" is the second single and fourth track from Slipknot's fourth studio album, "All Hope Is Gone" which was released August 26, 2008.

The music video for "Psychosocial" was shot at Sound Farm studios in Jamaica, Iowa on June 30, 2008. The shoot was delayed due to an unrelated head injury sustained by turntablist Sid Wilson before the shoot, who was subsequently hospitalized. On July 18, 2008 the video premiered on MTV's "FNMTV" show, hosted by Pete Wentz. The video, which was directed by Paul Brown, was shot using high-end cameras which shoot 1,000 frames per second and are contrasted with traditional 35 mm hand crank camera equipment. Percussionist Shawn Crahan explains; "we have the most extreme on both ends, with nothing in the middle. That's what the video is, and nobody does that. There's an art form behind it."
During an interview with "Kerrang!", guitarist James Root revealed that the video features the burning of the purgatory masks adorned by the band members in the splash teaser photos shown on Slipknot's website, reportedly because the masks represent the band's ego.

The are two versions of the video. One uses the album version of the song, whilst the other uses a much shorter version of the song; excluding the "Limit of the Dead!" lines.
This song was nominated to best rock video at the VMA´s 2008.

Pete Wentz

Peter Lewis Kingston Wentz III (born on June 5, 1979) better known as Pete Wentz, is an American bassist and songwriter. He is most famous for his work with the Chicago-based band Fall Out Boy. In recent years, he has also become an entrepreneur and the host of the MTV program, FNMTV. 

Wentz has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Ashlee Simpson divorced him.

Fall Out Boy came off hiatus in 2013, releasing a new single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" and an album "Save Rock and Roll", along with a supporting Spring tour. They will be going on the So Much For (2our) Dust Tour beginning February 2024 in support of the 2023 album So Much (For) Stardust, bringing pop punk group Jimmy Eat World along with other bands such as The Maine and Daisy Grenade. This will be their second tour for the album So Much (For) Stardust.

FNMTV

FNMTV Premiers is a television program shown on MTV. The program is hosted by Pete Wentz of rock band Fall Out Boy. "FNMTV" is shown every Friday night. It shows all new never-before seen music videos and live performances. The program has had several famous guests including Lil Wayne, Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna, Maroon 5, and Katy Perry.

Other possible name results for the title are "FN'MTV", "Friday Night MTV", "Feedback New MTV", "Feedback New Music Television", "FN (standing for f***ing MTV) MTV", "F'in MTV", or "FN'MTV "Friday Night"".

Lil Wayne

Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. (born September 26, 1982), known under his professional name as Lil Wayne, is an American rapper. He joined the Cash Money Records label as a teenager. He worked with rapper B.G. (under the name B.G.'z) on the album "True Story" and they eventually recorded for the label. "Get It How U Live" (1997) was Lil Wayne's first album with Southern hip hop group Hot Boys. "Tha Block Is Hot", his solo debut, came out in 1999. "Tha Block" debuted in the top ten on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. Lil Wayne was nominated for "Best New Artist" from the magazine "Billboard" the same year. Following this success, Wayne was soon featured on other rappers' singles, including "Bling Bling" by B.G. and "#1 Stunna" by the Big Tymers in 2000.

His first three albums "Tha Block Is Hot", "Lights Out" and "500 Degreez" were released with little promotion. Lil Wayne reached higher popularity in 2004 with his fourth album "Tha Carter" and its two sequel albums "Tha Carter II" (2005) and "Tha Carter III" (2008). During this time, Lil Wayne appeared on several mixtapes and singles of other artists.

Originally planned to be released in 2007, "Tha Carter III"s largest delay came after the majority of the tracks were leaked and distributed on mixtapes, such as "The Drought Is Over Pt. 2" and "The Drought Is Over Pt. 4". Lil Wayne at first decided to use the leaked tracks (plus four new tracks) to make a separate album, titled "". "The Leak" was to be released December 17, 2007, with the actual album being delayed until March 17, 2008, The release of "The Leak" in this format never came to fruition. An official EP titled "The Leak" contained five tracks and was released digitally on December 25, 2007.

Following the success of "Tha Carter III", Lil Wayne decided to record a rock album titled "Rebirth". In the album, he is featured playing guitar and singing using Auto-Tune. The album was released in 2010. It was certified gold by the RIAA, despite a generally negative critical response. 

Wayne's eighth album "I Am Not a Human Being" was released during his prison sentence in New York.

In March 2010, Lil Wayne served an 8-month sentence in a New York prison after being convicted of criminal possession of a weapon stemming from an incident in 2007. 

On March 12, 2013, Lil Wayne was hospitalized in Los Angeles after having many seizures. TMZ reported that Wayne is breathing through tubes and is moved to an Intensive Care Unite.





Tha Carter III

The Carter III is the sixth studio album by rapper Lil Wayne. The album contains singles like "Lollipop", "Got Money", "A Milli", "Mrs. Officer", and "Mr. Carter". It has been certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and has sold 3.6 million copies in the United States.


Administrative county

An administrative county "(pronounced: add-mini-stray'-tive, count-e)" was an old way of dividing up the land in a country that was once used in England and Wales, beginning in 1888 and also in Ireland, beginning in 1898. It was used for local government reasons. They do not exist anymore, except in Northern Ireland where their old areas are used as the areas for lieutenancy. They were also once used in Scotland for government reasons but they were not real names that the people who lived in an area called it except when talking to the government. They stopped being used in England and Wales in 1974, and stopped in Scotland in 1975.



Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl

Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl is the capital of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala. About 84.000 people live in the city itself. Its urban area has about 250.000 people. The city has a historic center. The church of St. Francis was consecrated in 1521. It is the oldest church on American soil.

Saral

Saral is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°5'39N 72°55'18E.

Nor Khachakap

Nor Khachakap (; formerly, Saral) is a village in Lori province, Armenia.

The Great Escape (Boys Like Girls song)

"The Great Escape" is the 2nd single off of the self-titled first studio album by rock band Boys Like Girls. "The Great Escape"'s music video was released in late February of 2007. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard Pop Songs chart.

Stella

Stella may refer to:


Corey Taylor

Corey Todd Taylor (born December 1973) also known by his number #8, is an American singer. He is the lead singer of the bands Slipknot and "Stone Sour". 

Wait and Bleed

"Wait and Bleed" is a single from the metal band Slipknot's first album, "Slipknot". 

The video for the song is a live performance.

Spit It Out

"Spit It Out" is the second single from the album "Slipknot" by metal band Slipknot. It was released on September 4, 2000. It is off their debut album "Slipknot".

Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics

The Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics or IBGE (), is the government agency responsible for statistical, geographic, cartographic, geodetic and environmental information in Brazil. The IBGE performs a national census every ten years, and the questionnaires account for information such as age, household income, literacy, education, occupation and hygiene levels.
The IBGE's headquarters is located in Rio de Janeiro.


Windows 7

Windows 7 is a no-longer supported version of Microsoft Windows, an operating system for personal computers. It is the successor to Windows Vista, the sixth major release of the Windows operating system. According to Microsoft, Windows 7 improves the speed, reliability, and compatibility from Windows Vista.

Windows 7 was once the most popular Windows version by far, but is by now third most popular with a tiny market share.

The beta version of Windows 7 was released on January 9, 2009, and the release candidate was released on May 5. The final version of Windows 7 was sent to PC manufacturers on July 22, 2009, so that they have three months to change it and include it with their computers. Windows 7 was released to the public on October 22, 2009. On January 22, 2020, Microsoft Internet Games Services stopped working on Windows 7. Extended Security Updates (ESU) is a paid computer program which allowed to receive security updates for some Microsoft products for 3 years after the end of extended support date, which is now in the past, excluding for some embedded editions and for Azure customers of the its server counterpart, Windows Server 2008 R2.

Windows 7 includes many new features, such as touching the screen, supporting virtual hard disks, being faster on multi-core processors, and a redesigned taskbar. The taskbar allows users to pin the most frequently used programs directly to it, instead of on a toolbar. The glass user interface, Aero, has been improved with features such as Aero Shake, Aero Snap, and Aero Peek.

Windows 7 has removed some features that were in Windows Vista, including Windows Mail, Windows Movie Maker, Windows Photo Gallery, Windows Calendar, Windows Ultimate Extras, and the InkBall game, as well as many customization options such as the Classic Start Menu. Windows Mail, Windows Movie Maker, and Windows Photo Gallery were replaced by similar set of programs known as Windows Live Essentials. The Windows Live Essentials are not included in Windows 7, and have to be downloaded from Microsoft's website.

There are six editions of Windows 7, which contain different features that are meant to be suited for the customer:

At first, a major version of Windows code-named "Blackcomb" was planned as the successor to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Features planned for Blackcomb included the Sidebar, an emphasis on looking for data, and an advanced storage system named WinFS. However, a minor release code-named "Longhorn" was announced for 2003, delaying the making of Blackcomb. By the middle of 2003, Longhorn had gotten some of the features meant for Blackcomb. After three major viruses exploited flaws in Windows operating systems within a short time in 2003, Microsoft changed its development priorities, putting some of Longhorn's major development work on hold while they made new service packs for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Development of Longhorn was reset in September 2004, and it was renamed to Windows Vista. A number of features were cut from Windows Vista as it was being remade.

After Windows Vista was released, Microsoft announced a new plan for the next version of Windows, code-named "Windows 7", in 2007. In 2008, it was announced that "Windows 7" would also be the official name of the operating system.

The first known build was called Milestone 1. It was just a customized version of Windows Vista and it had a send feedback feature since it was a pre-release version.
The next build was called Milestone 2. It had a new taskbar and got Windows Live v 3.1.1.0.

The third Milestone was released in September 2008. It looked like Vista, but it had a new Action Center instead of the Security Center. The action center shows messages for many more things, not just security for Windows.

Build 6801 was a customized version of Milestone 3 that was shown at the Professional Developers Conference and was given to the people that were there.

Build 6933 was shown at PDC but was not given to the people attending. In December 2008, a leaked version of build 6956 was available for download on Peer To Peer Networks.

On January 9, 2009, build 7000 was released as a public beta. According to the Engineering Windows 7 team, users gave a lot of feedback.

The Release Candidate was made available on May 5, 2009, and the build number is 7200.

Windows 7 was launched on October 22, 2009.


List of association football stadiums by capacity

This is a list of association football stadiums. They are put into order by how many people they can hold at one time.

This list is only for football stadiums.


Astelia banksii

Astelia banksii is an evergreen silver-green plant from the beaches of New Zealand. It likes it best in partial shade and in fertile and well-drained soil.

Barclays

Barclays is a major bank. It was founded in 1690.

https://www.barclays.Co.uk

The Beano

The Beano is a weekly British children's comic. The first issue was on July 30, 1938. Annuals are released each year. 



Dunedin

Dunedin is a city in New Zealand, Ōtepoti in Maori, is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, and the main city of the region of Otago. The city stands on the hills and valleys surrounding the head of Otago Harbour. The harbour and hills are the remnants of an extinct volcano. It is the home of the University of Otago.

Dunedin is twinned with several cities throughout the world. These include:

Dunfermline Building Society

Dunfermline Building Society (which includes Dunfermline Direct) is a trading division of Nationwide Building Society.

Nationwide Building Society is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority for life assurance, pensions, investments, insurance and regulated mortgages.

Big Mac Index

The Big Mac Index is an economic index which compares the purchasing power of two currencies. It looks at how expensive a Big Mac is in different countries. 

The Big Mac Index was first written about in "The Economist" magazine in September 1986. They have published the index each year since then. The McDonald's Big Mac was chosen because it is made in a similar way with similar ingredients in many countries around the world.

The exchange rate between two countries can be compared by dividing the price of a Big Mac in one country (in its currency) by the price of a Big Mac in another country (in its currency). This value is then compared with the actual exchange rate. If the rate is lower, then the first currency is under-valued (according to purchasing power parity (PPP) theory) compared with the second currency. Conversely, if the rate is higher, then the first currency is over-valued.

For example, using figures in July 2008:



Economic index

An economic index is a number that is calculated from different economic factors, like prices or income. These numbers are calculated to be able to compare different economies in different countries. An example for such an index would be the Gross Domestic Product (or GDP).

Usually, the base is given a value of 100 and all later data is expressed in relation to this base. 
For example, the consumer price index (CPI) of a year might stand at 95 (a fall of 5 percent in the prices) or 105 (an increase of 5 percent in the prices).

Indexes (indices) also measure up and down movement of industrial production, and of the market prices of bonds, commodities, shares, etc.

JeOS

JeOS is a version of Ubuntu designed for virtual machines.



All Hope Is Gone (song)

"All Hope Is Gone" is the second single off the album by Slipknot called "All Hope Is Gone".

The Blister Exists

"The Blister Exists" is the final single from Slipknot's "Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses)" album. A music video for the song was released May 21st 2004. "The Blister Exists" is known among fans for its snare drum solo. This song was used to open concerts from The Subliminal Verses tour, following a staged announcement where the audience was told that "due to unforeseen circumstances, Slipknot will not be performing this evening." The song appeared in the video game "Prince of Persia: Warrior Within".

The music video displays the band performing the song live, with clips of their fans with much similarity to "The Nameless" music video.


Fellatio

Fellatio is oral sex performed on the penis. Fellatio is often called a blow job. The opposite of this is cunnilingus. Cunnilingus is oral sex performed on the vulva. 
Fellatio can continue until the receiver ejaculates or as part of foreplay, before actual sexual intercourse. 

There is no risk of getting pregnant by performing a fellatio, because there is no connection from the mouth to the womb and the fallopian tubes. There is however a large risk of transmitting diseases if the mouth comes in contact with semen on the penis. If the person drinks alcoholic drinks, it can make this risk higher. HIV can also enter through open sores or bleeding gums. 

Very few people are allergic to semen. Some claim that swallowing ejaculate is an intimate act. 

Diseases such as Chlamydia, human papillomavirus (HPV), gonorrhea, herpes, hepatitis (multiple strains), and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), as well as viruses such as HIV, can be transmitted through oral sex. The risk of transmitting HIV through fellatio is unknown, but it is thought to be low. Any kind of direct contact with body fluids of a person infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, poses a risk of infection. The risk from most of these types of infection, however, is generally considered far lower than that associated with vaginal or anal sex.

If the receiving partner has wounds on their genitals, or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in their mouth, or bleeding gums, this poses an increased risk of STD transmission. Flossing or undergoing dental work relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission, because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth. These wounds, even when they are microscopic, increase the chances of contracting STDs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions. Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in, around and secreted from the genital regions. Because of this, some medical professionals advise the use of condoms when performing or receiving fellatio with a partner whose STD status is unknown. Flavoured condoms may be used for this purpose. Alternatively there is flavored lube.

Many people accuse someone of performing fellatio as an insult. For example 'cock sucker!' or 'suck my dick'. 
Many cultures see fellatio as showing control over ones partner, as often the giver is on their knees. In ancient Greece it was called "playing the flute". The Moche people of ancient Peru practiced it regularly and made vases showing it.


Halo 3

Halo 3 is a first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios for the Xbox 360, published by Microsoft. The game brings an end to the story started in the two previous video games of the Halo series; "" and "Halo 2". The game came out on September 25, 2007 all over the world, except Europe and Japan where it was released on September 26. Microsoft made 4.2 million copies of "Halo 3" for the first day of sales to make sure there were enough copies.

The game's story is based around a future war between a fictional alien race known as "the Covenant" and the human race. The player takes the role of Master Chief, a genetically enhanced "super soldier" who fights for the human race. The player is helped through the story by marines and another alien race known as "the elites". The game had many new features that were not in the first two games including more vehicles, weapons and equipment.

Sales of the game added up to over $900 billion USD in its first week. More than a million people played the game on Xbox Live in the first 24 hours of its release.
By January 1, 2008 it had sold over 8 million copies making it the best selling video game of 2007. The game was well-reviewed in the press. It received a 94 out of 100 rating on Metacritic, a website that puts many reviews together and gives an average score.

The gameplay in "Halo 3" is similar to the gameplay in "" and "Halo 2" but with added features. It is a first-person shooter that takes place mostly on foot but with sections that have vehicles the player can drive. A player can carry a range of weapons including sniper rifles, rocket launchers, grenades and alien weapons such as "beam rifles" and "needlers". Unlike the old games, during multiplayer all weapons a player is carrying can be seen on the player. This includes side holsters for pistols and larger weapons that can be slung across the players back. "Halo 3" also introduces 'support weapons', large two handed weapons that slow the players movement but do a lot of damage. Two examples include the flamethrower and a heavy machine gun, which are new to "Halo 3". The game also included a map-editor called "forge" where players can create their own arenas and battlegrounds to fight in. Almost all weapons and objects in a level can be moved or deleted in forge mode. The game also has "theater" mode which lets players record some of their best kills or plays from multiplayer mode. The last 20 games played are automatically saved, although this feature needs an Xbox 360 hard drive to work. These movies can be uploaded to Bungie's website where other people can download them and watch them on their PC.

"Halo 3's" story mode contains nine levels. The story can be played alone, with a friend on the same console or with four players over Xbox Live. The first player takes control of Master Chief, the second player plays as the leader of the Elites, "Arbiter" and the last two as elites themselves. There are skulls hidden through the levels. If they are found by any of the players the gameplay changes in some way. For example one skull makes confetti and balloons appear when a player gets a headshot and another makes all enemies stronger and tougher.

A multiplayer game can have up to four people on one console, or up to sixteen players over Xbox Live. There are many different types of multiplayer games. There is a death match, where the goal is to kill all the players (called "Slayer" in Halo). There are "capture the flag" games with two teams (eight people on each team). In capture the flag, each team has their own flag. The goal of the game is to steal the enemy flag, and take it back to base to score a point. Aside from these there are also team games. These games can have two, six, or eight players on each team.

There is a ranking system in Halo 3 that matches players with other players of the same ability, to make sure it is a fair game. The ranks are based on real life military ranks. The lowest is corporal but players can progress all the way up to general. Because multiplayer Halo is often played online there is a mute option, which lets any one player blank out the voice of any other player.

The game is set in the same fictional world as the rest of the Halo series. Most of the game takes place in the future year 2553, over 500 years from now. In the storyline humans have developed faster than light travel, and now live on many planets and moons of the Solar System. When humanity started to build another settlement on a planet around another star they met the alien "Covenant". The Covenant declared religious war on humanity. During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth. At the start of Halo 3, the Covenant are launching a full-scale invasion of Earth.

The Halo of the games title is the name of a series of space super weapons built by a mysterious race called the Forerunners a long time before the game. The Halo's are the last defence against another alien race known as "the Flood". The Flood want to use every living thing in the galaxy for food. The Halos are actually giant super weapons, that when activated, will kill all life in the galaxy. The only way to stop the Flood is to starve them by killing all their food. The Covenant do not know this and are attempting to fire Halos as part of a wrong religious prophecy. In the first Halo game, , the humans and Master Chief manage to stop the Covenant from firing one of the Halos. They also destroy one of them in the process. The destruction of one of the Halos starts an emergency. The Halos can now "all" be fired from one place, using a device called "the Ark". The Covenant, still not understanding the truth, launch an invasion of Earth, where they believe the Ark is buried. This is where the "Halo 3" story starts.

The main character of "Halo 3" is Master Chief. Master Chief is a super soldier, the last surviving member of the Spartan Project. The Spartan Project was started by humans to genetically make soldiers who were stronger, faster and tougher than any normal human. Another character from Halo 1 and 2, controlled by the second player in a co-op game is "Arbiter", the leader of the alien Elites. In "Halo 2" he is an enemy but in "Halo 3" he joins forces with the humans. Other returning characters include the veteran human soldier Ser"geant Avery Johnson", the AI "Cortana", the robot "343 Guilty Spark" and "the Gravemind", the dangerous leader of the Flood.

"Halo 3" begins where Halo 2 left off. The player once again plays as Master Chief as he falls towards Earth. He crashes in Kenya near the city of Mombasa. He is found by a squad of marines led by sergeant Avery Johnson, the commander from Halo and Halo 2. The player and the marines fight their way through invading Covenant force to a human outpost. Here they find human forces making a last attempt to stop the Covenant from activating a portal they found buried in the Kenyan desert. They are unsuccessful however, and the Covenant open the portal to the Ark, where they will be able to fire the Halos and destroy the galaxy. Just after the Covenant fleet of spacecraft leave the portal, a big ship crashes into the city of Mombasa. This ship has been taken over by the Flood. The player as Master Chief, must fight their way into the ruined spacecraft and recover the robot Cortana who can tell them the way to re-open the portal and follow the Covenant. Once the player is successful, the humans re-open the portal and head after the Covenant to stop them firing the Halos. Joining them is 343 Guilty Spark, one of the robots who helped build the destroyed Halo from the first game. Once through the portal the player and his allies discover the huge, planet-sized structure known as the Ark, where all the Halos can be fired from. Led by 343 Guilty Spark the player makes their way to the centre of the Ark where the Covenant leader, the Prophet of Truth is preparing to fire.

Just as the player arrives to stop the Prophet of Truth, the Flood infested ship "High Charity", arrives in an attempt to take over the Ark. The player, Arbiter and Johnson now take out all the Flood in the area before Arbiter kills the Prophet of Truth and prevents the Halos from being fired. There is no time for the player to rest however, as he must now head to the nuclear reactor at the center of the Flood infested spacecraft, "High Charity" in an effort to kill the Flood. Once this is complete, the player and Arbiter must go and activate "one" Halo ring. This will destroy the Ark and kill all the Flood in this area of the Milky Way Galaxy whilst saving the rest. The player and the Arbiter head off to activate the single Halo and save the Galaxy. When they arrive 343 Guilty Spark warns them that activating this Halo will destroy the whole Ark and the Halo itself. The player ignores the warning. This angers 343 Guilty Spark. He kills Sergent Johnson, and attempts to kill Master Chief to keep 'his' Halo from being destroyed. This is in effect the final 'boss battle' of the game. The player defeats the robot, and activates the Halo. A countdown starts but it too late for the player as Master Chief and the AI Cortana. They manage to board a spacecraft to take them away but it is caught in the explosion and is split in two. Master Chief is assumed dead.

If the player completes the game on any difficulty, after the credits you see that the Master Chief and Cortana survived. If you finish the game on the "Legendary" difficulty you can see an alternate ending after the credits.

The first work was started on "Halo 3" before the release of Halo 2 in 2004. Through 2004/2005 Bungie refused to confirm they were working on "Halo 3", only saying that they had a 'new project'. The game was officially announced with a trailer at E3 2006. While details of the multiplayer were openly announced and talked about before release, details of the story were kept mostly secret until the day of the launch. There are over 40,000 recorded clips of Non Player Character (NPC) dialogue in Halo 3. That is more than twice times as many for Halo 2. Separate sound recordings were made for nearby and distant gunfire to make a more believable experience. Like Halo 1 and 2 the game has its own especially recorded classical soundtrack. The music was recorded with a 27 piece choir and a 60 piece orchestra.

 Various marketing ideas were used to promote the release of Halo 3. A Beta, unfinished version, of the multiplayer mode was released with the Microsoft game Crackdown a few months before the actual release. The advertising campaign cost an estimated $10 million US dollars. The 'Believe' campaign was a high profile launch on television, radio, billboards and other high profile places. It focused on the epic quality of the games storyline. The game's tagline or key phrase was " 'finish the fight' ". Pepsi also announced a new energy drink called Game Fuel. It had an image of Master Chief and the Halo 3 logo on the packaging. Bill Gates, the owner of Microsoft personally sold copies of the game at a Washington game store.

"Halo 3" sales reached $170 million within 24 hours, making it the biggest selling entertainment product launch in US history. It beat the previous record set by Halo 2 in 2004. It was the best selling video game of 2007 in the US, despite only being available on Xbox 360. On January 3, 2008 Microsoft announced "Halo 3" had sold 8.1 million copies worldwide.

Halo 3 was mostly given very good reviews in the media. On Metacritic the game has an average score of 94 out of 100. This was an average from 74 reviews. The multiplayer was often given praise and IGN said that the multiplayer was 'the strongest of the series so far'.
The music to the campaign was also highly praised, along with the voice acting. The main bad points from reviews were the short length of the story mode and the AI of your allies. Bryan Vore of gamecritics said that some parts of the story mode were 'embarrassing'. Nevertheless he still said the full game was a 'masterpiece'.

Halo 3 has one of the largest numbers of players online of games. The online multiplayer has many different game types such as 4 vs 4, 2 vs 2, 8 vs 8 and a lot more. In most gametypes, the player spawns (comes to life) with an Assault Rifle or a Battle Rifle, but other games have other weapons (like Shotty Snipers, which has a Shotgun and a Sniper). Some games require working as a team, while others require single skills. Increasing your skill and timing is important to win in Halo 3, just like every other game.


Extremaduran language

The Extremaduran language () is the native language of Northwestern province of Cáceres. About 150,000 people speak it in Extremadura. This language is very similar to Leonese language and Asturian or Bable, spoken in other territories that once made up the Kingdom of León. Is called "artu estremeñu" (High extremaduran) too. Central and Low Extremaduran ("Meyu estremeñu" and "Bahu estremeñu") are Spanish dialects with Extremaduran influences.


Macron Stadium

The University of Bolton Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Horwich, near Bolton, in the county of Greater Manchester, England. It is the current home stadium of Bolton Wanderers F.C.. It opened in 1997 as Reebok Stadium, named after the club's former sponsor, the sportswear company Reebok. In 2014, after the sponsorship deal with Reebok ended, a new deal was signed with Italian sportswear company Macron, and the stadium was renamed accordingly. This has since changed to The University of Bolton Stadium.

The team is in the Football league 1.

Tanoli

Tanoli or Tanawali are a Hindko-speaking ethnic group living in the Hazara area of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The Tanolis claim descent from Barlas Turks, who were settled in this region by Timur after he conquered Hazara.

Jirga

A jirga (sometimes spelt jirgah) (Pashto / ) is a tribal meeting of elders. The meeting makes decisions by consensus. It is mainly the Pashtun people who have theses meetings - but other people who live near the Pashtun also have these meetings to settle disputes. They are most common in Afghanistan and among the Pashtun in Pakistan near its border with Afghanistan.

The meeting is usually made to help solve a dispute between two people. The people involved in a dispute usually begin by finding a mediator, choosing someone who is trusted to fairly solve the problem. The mediator can be a religious leader, a local notable, or someone who is known for helping to settle disputes. 

The mediator hears from the two sides, and then forms a jirga of community elders, taking care to include supporters of both sides. After listening to both sides the jirga then comes to a decision. When the decision has been made the mediator then announces it. The jirga's decision has to be accepted.

Gujar Khan

Gujar Khan () is a city in Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is the capital of Gujar Khan Tehsil, one of the seven tehsils or subdivisions of Rawalpindi District. It is about 55 kilometres southeast of Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan and 220 km to the northwest of Lahore capital of Punjab. It is located in the historic Pothohar Plateau and the local language spoken here is Pothwari.

Gujar Khan, as well as being tehsil capital, is divided into 3 Union Councils:


According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, the city had 57,099 people.

Pothowari is the main language of Gujar Khan, other languages are Urdu, Punjabi and Pashto.

Gujar Khan has four twin cities, these are:

Chlamydia infection

Chlamydia infection (from the Greek, χλαμύδος meaning "cloak") is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI) in humans. It is caused by the bacterium "Chlamydia trachomatis". It can be treated with antibiotics. 
The term "Chlamydia infection" can also refer to infections caused by any species belonging to the bacterial family "Chlamydiaceae". "C. trachomatis" is only in humans. Chlamydia is a major infectious cause of human genital and eye disease.

The infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections in people worldwide – about 2.8 million cases of chlamydia infection occur in the United States each year. It is the most common bacterial STI in humans.

"C. trachomatis" naturally lives only inside human cells. Chlamydia can be transmitted during vaginal, anal, or oral sex. It can also be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth. Many people with Chlamydia show no symptoms of infection. Between half and three-quarters of all women who have chlamydia have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. Untreated, chlamydial infections can cause serious reproductive and other health problems with both short-term and long-term consequences.

Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide. The World Health Organization estimates that it accounted for 15% of blindness cases in 1995, but only 3.6% in 2002.


Ted Strickland

Theodore "Ted" Strickland (born August 4, 1941) was the 68th Governor of Ohio. He held the office from 2007 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Before he became Governor, he served in the United States House of Representatives for two terms (1993–1995 and 1997–2007).

Michigan Wolverines

The Michigan Wolverines are 24 varsity sports teams at the University of Michigan.

Boston Massacre

The Boston Massacre happened when five civilians (people who were not in the military) were shot and killed by 9 British soldiers on March 5, 1770. It was in Boston, Massachusetts, which was a British colony at the time. The event happened at night when a large mob got together outside of the Custom House. One British soldier named Hugh White had hit a boy who had insulted his commanding officer. The boy ran away and came back with a large mob of angry people. More British soldiers came to help protect Hugh White from the people. The mob threw snowballs with clams inside them and hit them with wooden clubs. As the mob got larger and larger the scene became more and more chaotic. Someone in the crowd yelled "fire". In the confusion, some of the soldiers fired into the crowd. Crispus Attucks, an African-American man, was one of the first people killed.

Eight British soldiers went to court after the Boston Massacre. Only two of them, Hugh Montgomery and Matthew Killroy, were found guilty of manslaughter in court. Their punishment was to have the palms of their hands branded (have their palms marked with a burn). John Adams was the lawyer who defended the British soldiers. He knew that many people would be upset with him for defending the soldiers, but he believed that everybody deserved a fair trial. ("Adams would later become the President of the United States"). 

Paul Revere, a man who worked with metals in Boston, made an engraving of the British soldiers shooting into the crowd, depicted as violent. Many people saw the engraving and became angry. A few years later, the American Revolution started, and the colonies would become an independent country, the United States of America.

Dreadlocks

Dreadlocks, also called locks or dreads, are coils of hair which are made by themselves, in all hair types, if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming for a long time. They are part of some religions, like the Rastafarian religion in Jamaica. People who do not have to have dreadlocks because of their religion sometimes have dreadlocks as well. A lot of them do not let their dreads form naturally, but make dreadlocks themselves. There are different ways in which people help their hair go together to form dreadlocks. Backcombing, braiding, and twisting are some of the different techniques used to form dreadlocks.

Dreadlocks are one kind of protective hairstyle. They can stop the hairs from breaking.

List of football clubs in Russia

These are some Russian football teams.


F.C. Dynamo Moscow

F.C. Dynamo Moscow is a football club which plays in Russian Premier-League.


Lev Yashin

Lev Yashin (22 October 1929 – 20 March 1990) was a former Russian football player. He had played for Dynamo Moscow and Soviet Union national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, while some even considering him to be the greatest.


Dynamo Moscow

Soviet Union

Individual

Dynamo Moscow

Ronaldo (Brazilian footballer)

Ronaldo (born 18 September 1976) is a retired Brazilian football player. During his career he played for F.C. Barcelona, PSV Eindhoven, Inter Milan, Real Madrid CF, A.C. Milan, and Corinthians. Ronaldo is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time. He won two World Cups in 1994 and 2002 and the 1997 Ballon d'Or.

!Total||98||62


League of Ireland Premier Division

The League of Ireland Premier Division is a football league which is the top division in the Republic of Ireland. For historic reasons, one club based in Northern Ireland, namely Derry City, plays in the Republic's league system, and is currently in the Premier Division.


Japanese kickboxing

The Japanese kickboxing is called in English "oriental kickboxing". According to certain people, the word "kickboxing" would have been invented, in Japan, in the years 1950 by experts of karate who needed to fight with total contact.
In the year 1958, a man who practised kickboxing is the student of oriental languages, the Burmese Maung Gyi who studied martial arts from experts of bando in Burma and also from Gogen Yamaguchi - the grand person with special skill of karate, called "the cat". Maung Gyi fights in Japan under different names and makes the Burmese boxing (lethwei) known in time when the competitions of Japanese kickboxing happened.



Emilio Butragueño

Emilio Butragueño (born 22 July 1963) is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Real Madrid B

Real Madrid

Spain

Individual

Paco Gento

Francisco Gento López (21 October 1933 – 18 January 2022) was a Spanish football player. He played for Spain national team.

Gento died in Madrid, Spain on 18 January 2022, aged 88.

Real Madrid



Individual

Records

Athletic Bilbao

Athletic Club, most often known in English as Athletic Bilbao, is a football club which plays in Spain.

The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Bilbao F.C. and Athletic Club in 1903.

Athletic Bilbao is known for only utilizing players from the historic basque territory, which includes the Basque Country in Spain and France such as the region of Navarre.

Athletic Club has three major rivalries: Real Sociedad de San Sebastian, FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.

The Rivalry with Real Sociedad is due to the location, because both teams are from the Basque Country. The rivalry also took place because of the rule to only sign players from the basque territory, yet Real Sociedad abondoned the rule in the 1980s.

The rivalries with Real Madrid established itself because of the political circumstances. Both the Basque Country and Catalunya were had massive issues with the central goverment under Dictator Franco in Madrid, who forbid their language and traditions for a greater spanish empire. Franco heavily supported the capitals team, Real Madrid, which caused tensions with supporters of Athletic Club.

The rivalry with FC Barcelona also is a result of the Franco-era. FC Barcelona, located in Catalunya, had the same issues with the central government such as the Basque Country. As a result of this circumstance, a rivalry between the Basque Country and Catalunya happened, which translated in football. As both Athletic Club and the FC Barcelona are the most important teams of their regions, they were the protagonists for this rivalry. 

Even with Spain being democratic since Franco's in 1975, both rivalries with Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are still on-going. 






"Runners-up:" 2011-2012

Rafael Moreno Aranzadi

Rafael Moreno Aranzadi is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

!Total||5||1

Telmo Zarra

Pedro Telmo Zarraonandía Montoya (20 January 1921 – 23 February 2006), known as Telmo Zarra (, ), is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Athletic Bilbao

Individual

Decorations

Posthumous dedications

Records

Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga

Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga (born 23 May 1956) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

314||35
314||35

!Total||39||4

Hugo Sánchez

Hugo Sánchez (born 11 July 1958) is a former Mexican football player. He has played for the Mexico national team.

Last updated 17 June 2019

Includes results from Liga MX
Includes only results from 2000 U.S. Cup
Includes results from Liga MX, Campeón de Campeones, 2003 Copa Libertadores, CONCACAF Champions' Cup 2005 and Trofeo Santiago Bernabeu
Includes results from 2008 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament and under-23 international friendly matches
Includes results from La Liga, Copa del Rey and Trofeo Lagarto de Jaén
Includes results from Liga MX and Copa MX

UNAM

Atlético Madrid

Real Madrid

América

Linz

Mexico

Individual

UNAM

Mexico

Individual

Tony Adams

Tony Adams MBE (born 10 October 1966) is an English former footballer. He has played for Arsenal and the English national team.

!Total||66||5

Arsenal

Individual

Orders

Paolo Maldini

Paolo Maldini (born 26 June 1968) is a former Italian football player. He had played for Milan and Italy national team. Maldini is considered by many to be one of the greatest defenders of all time and, by some, to be the greatest ever. He is the second-highest appearance maker in the history of Serie A.

648||29||72||1||161||3||881||33
648||29||72||1||166||3||886||33

!Total||126||7

Winner (26)
Runner-up (15)




Alessandro Del Piero

Alessandro Del Piero (born 9 November 1974 in Conegliano) is an Italian former football player. He has played for Juventus from 1993 to 2012, Sydney FC from 2012 to 2014 and Delhi Dynamos in 2014 as a striker. He was the captain of the Juventus team since 2001. He stopped playing for the national team in 2006.

Del Piero is considered among the best talents that Italian football has ever witnessed. In 2004, he was included in the FIFA 100, a list of 125 greatest living players. In 1999, he was listed 77th in the list of the best players of the 20th century published by World Soccer magazine. He is one of five Italian players to score over 300 goals (312 as pf 6 November 2010) along with Filippo Inzaghi (315), Roberto Baggio (318), Giuseppe Meazza (338) and Silvio Piola (364).

Del Piero is the son of Gino, an electrician, and Bruna, a housekeeper. He regularly played football in the backyard with two friends, Nelso and Pierpaolo as a child. All three dreamed of becoming footballers, but only Del Piero would eventually manage to do so. Alessandro's older brother, Stefano, briefly played professional football for Sampdoria before injury struck him. The family lived in the hamlet of Saccon near San Vendemiano. While growing up, Del Piero's family did not have much money for travelling abroad, so he was considering being a truck driver in order to see the world.

Del Piero played for the local youth team of San Vendemiano since the age of 7. He used to play as a goalkeeper because he could play a lot more football that way. His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper, since he would not have to run and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely. His brother told their mother that Alex was better at attacking and Del Piero switched position.

It was while playing with his local side of San Vendemiano in 1988 that Del Piero was first spotted by scouts. He left home at the age of 13 to play in the youth side of Padova Calcio.

448||189||48||21||112||47||608||257
448||189||48||21||112||47||608||257

!Total||91||26


Football League Fourth Division

Football League Fourth Division is a former football league in England and Wales.

Purchasing power

Purchasing power is a relation between labor and money. Some people have money. Adam Smith says that the purchasing power is the amount of money needed to labour (goods or services) from other people. 

Eratosthenes

Eratosthenes of Cyrene (276 – 194 BC) was a 3rd century BC Greek mathematician, geographer and astronomer. He was head of the Library of Alexandria from 240 until his death: this was the most important library of the ancient world.

According to the Suda, his contemporaries nicknamed him "Beta", (the second letter of the Greek alphabet), because he was the second best in the world in almost any field. Eratosthenes was a friend of Archimedes, who also lived and worked in Alexandria. Archimedes was the greatest mathematician and inventor of the age, so perhaps the Beta nickname was not unjust.

The works Eratosthenes wrote are known to us only indirectly: the great Library was destroyed, and no copies survived. Strabo (~63–24) wrote about geography in antiquity. He tells us that the works of Eratosthenes were "On the measurement of the Earth" and "Geographica".

Eratosthenes made several remarkable discoveries and inventions. He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the Earth (with remarkable accuracy), and he invented a system of latitude and longitude. He calculated the tilt of the earth's axis (again with remarkable accuracy); he may also have accurately calculated the distance from the earth to the sun and invented the leap day. He created a map of the world based on the available geographical knowledge of the era. Eratosthenes was also the founder of scientific chronology; he wanted to fix the dates of the chief literary and political events from the conquest of Troy.

Eratosthenes measured the circumference of the Earth without leaving Egypt. He knew that on the summer solstice at local noon at the Syene on the Tropic of Cancer, the sun would appear at the directly overhead. He also knew, from measurement, that in Alexandria, the angle of elevation of the sun would be 1/50 of a full circle (7°12') south of the zenith at the same time.

Assuming that Alexandria was due north of Syene he concluded that the distance from Alexandria to Syene must be 1/50 of the total circumference of the Earth (360 degrees). His estimated distance between the cities was 5000 stadia () by estimating the time that he had taken to travel from Syene to Alexandria by camel. He rounded the result to a final value of 700 stadia per degree, which implies a circumference of 250,000 stadia. The exact size of the stadion he used is frequently argued. The common Attic stadium was about , which would imply a circumference of , which is different from the currently accepted circumference of the Earth (). The method is an early application of trigonometry in the measurement science of geodesy.

In mathematics, the sieve of Eratosthenes (Greek: κόσκινον Ἐρατοσθένους) is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer. It works efficiently for the smaller primes (below 10 million).
The sieve was described and attributed to Eratosthenes in the "Introduction to Arithmetic" by Nicomachus.
Eratosthenes went further and computed the tilt of the Earth's axis to within a degree. This is the tilt which is the main cause of the annual climate cycle of spring, summer, autumn, winter. He also deduced the length of the year as 365¼ days. He suggested that calendars should have a leap day every fourth year, an idea taken up two centuries later by Julius Caesar.

Tubule

A tubule is a very small tube. In anatomy, a tubule is a very small tube coated with epithelium from your glands.

Jango Fett

Jango Fett is a Star Wars bounty hunter and the genetic template of the Clone troopers for the Clone Wars. He made his first appearance in "" (2002).

As with his clones and Boba Fett, he is portrayed by Temuera Morrison.

Gilf el-Kebir

Gif el-Kebir is a large plateau in Egypt. The name can be translated as "the great barrier". It is located in trhe extreme south-east of Egypt, next ot Lybia and Sudan. It has about the same size as Switzerland. It rises 300 m above the rest of the desert. The plateau is very arid and difficult to access. 
There is a crater called "Kebir crater" in the plateau.

The Uweinat mountain range at the very south of the plateau is shared between Egypt, Libya and Sudan.

Wadis:


The Gilf Kebir is mentioned in Michael Ondaatje's novel 'The English Patient'. It was also the site of the recent discovery of a bag which had been lost in the Second World War by a dispatch rider (Alec Ross) of the Long Range Desert Group, part of the British Army. This contained the rider's personal letters and photographs, and had been well preserved.

The Gilf Kebir is known for its prehistoric (Neolithic) petroglyphs



HBOS

HBOS is a major bank. It was founded in 2001 when Halifax merged with the Bank of Scotland. It is headquarted in Edinburgh, Scotland. On 17 September 2008 it was said that Lloyds TSB would take over HBOS.

Must Get Out

"Must Get Out" is the 5th single by Maroon 5. The song was released in 2005 off their first album, "Songs About Jane". 

Ansel Adams

Ansel Easton Adams (February 20, 1902 – April 22, 1984) was a renowned American photographer and environmentalist, best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West and primarily Yosemite National Park.

Dorothea Lange

Dorothea Lange (May 26, 1895 – October 11, 1965) was an influential American documentary photographer and photojournalist, best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration (FSA). Lange's photographs showing the United State's poor families during the Depression influenced the development of documentary photography.

Lange was born on May 26, 1895, in Hoboken, New Jersey. In 1914 Lange started her career working in the studio of photographer Arnold Genthe. She also studied with Clarence Hudson White at Columbia University. In 1919 Lange opened her own portrait studio in San Francisco, California.

In 1935 Lange began working for the Resettlement Administration which was later renamed the Farm Security Administration. In 1936 she took her best-known photograph "Migrant Mother". 

Lange died on October 11, 1965, in San Francisco, California.

A retrospective exhibition of her work was held at the Museum of Modern Art in 1966.

Lostprophets

Lostprophets were a rock band from Pontypridd, Wales. They were signed to the record label Sony BMG. They released five studio albums in their career and had two top ten hits in the UK, "Last Train Home" and "Rooftops". They won six Kerrang! Awards. They broke up in October 2013 after singer Ian Watkins was charged in December 2012 with raping a baby and other sex crimes. In November 2013, he was convicted of attempted rape and sexual assault of a child. On 18 December 2013, Watkins was sentenced to 35 years in prison.

Lostprophets' first release was their 1997 EP "Here Comes the Party".
In 1999 Lostprophets were signed to a record label called Visible Noise. Their first album "Thefakesoundofprogress" was released on 27 November 2000. On 2 February 2004 the band's second album "Start Something" was released in the UK and South Korea. Six singles were released from the album. "Burn Burn" reached number seventeen in the UK Singles Chart. The band's third album, "Liberation Transmission", was released in June 2006 and was the band's first album to enter the UK Albums Chart at No.1. The album was also successful in Japan. Kerrang! gave it five out of five stars. In 2009 Lostprophets did a cover of "Boys Don't Cry" on an album of The Cure covers given away free with NME.
"The Betrayed", the band's fourth studio album, was released in the UK on 13 January 2010. It reached number three in the UK Albums Chart. Their last album, "Weapons" was released on 2 April 2012. It reached the number five in the UK Albums Chart. It got mixed reviews.

HMV stopped selling Lostprophets' albums in 2013 after Watkins was convicted of trying to rape a baby. The BBC will not play Lostprophets' music anymore.

In June 2014, the remaining members formed No Devotion with American singer Geoff Rickly as their lead vocalist.


Racism

Racism is the belief that one race is better than others. It means judging and treating people badly (e.g., discrimination) because they are from a different race or ethnicity.

Racism can affect many parts of society, like laws, cultures, and economies. In extreme cases, it can lead to terrible events like the Holocaust, where certain races were targeted and treated horribly. During the Holocaust, Nazis in Germany believed that some races did not even deserve to exist. These beliefs were racist. Because of those beliefs, they killed many people who belonged to those races. Those actions, which resulted from their racist beliefs, were also racist.

Racism has been around for a long time and has caused wars, slavery, and the creation of nations. It was used by some powerful groups to justify their actions and biases. For example, during colonial times, Europeans used racism to exploit indigenous peoples and take their lands. In the United States, white people treated African American as property, using racist ideas to make it seem okay.

There are different forms of racism, some are very obvious, but others are more hidden. Everyday racism is the less obvious kind that happens in society. It's when people make others feel like they don't fully belong because of their race. This can happen through social interactions and behaviors based on racist beliefs.

Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity. They do this based on ancestry, as well as visible traits like skin color and facial features. People of the same ethnic group are often connected by ancestry, speaking the same language, having the same culture, and living in the same places.

However, scientists say that humans do not really fit well into these categories, biologically. The DNA of people from different races is very similar. Evidence from genetics and archaeology suggests that all humans came from the same group of early humans in East Africa. This means that different races did not appear at different times. All humans came from the same race, and separated into different races later. Because white people historically had more power, some people call racism against whites "reverse racism".

In the second half of the 19th century, there were different ideas on how species change over time. Charles Dawin made the idea of evolution popular and spoke about natural selection. Herbert Spencer spoke about the survival of the fittest. Social darwinism is the idea that what applies to species also applies to human societies:

Between the 1870s, and the end of the Second World War, these concepts were sometimes used to justify racist ideologies.


In the late 18th century, Europeans began using the term "Aryan" to refer to the original prehistoric Proto-Indo-Europeans and their descendants up to the present day (i.e., the Indo-European peoples—those Caucasians who speak the Indo-European languages). It was also assumed at the time, that, Aryans were a culturally superior people. By the late 19th century, some Europeans began to use the name "Aryan" for only the Nordic peoples of Europe (one branch of the Indo-European peoples), as a "pure," "noble" and racially "superior" race they claimed were descended from the original Aryan tribes. The theory that the Aryans first came from Europe became especially popular in Germany and to a lesser degree in Austria and Hungary.
There was much prejudice based upon this perception of the world as the Europeans and Orientals both regarded them selves as superior to the other skin colours, which lead to African slavery, Apartheid, the Jim Crow Laws, Nazism and Japanese imperialism.

In Europe, most racism is against Romani people, also known as gypsies. Antiziganism is common in Europe.

When Europeans came to America, they killed thousands of Native Americans and when the European settlers got to Australia, they started killing off large numbers of Aborigines.

With the birth of their empires, many other native tribes suffered in Canada, New Zealand, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh and India.

Japan also held similar beliefs about Chinese and Koreans in their colonies.

Racism in the U.K., Ireland and France was usually about limiting the rights of Jews, Roma and minorities like the French Basques.

As the colonies became independent after the 1950s, many migrated to the U.K. and France, but were discriminated against. Some British cafes and hotels would not welcome in Caribbean guests and the French made Arabs feel unwelcome in some French towns as well. Since the 1960s, India, Pakistani and Bangladeshi people have moved to the U.K. and been victimised and 'Paki-bashed'. 9/11, 2001, has heightened the French and British fears about Islam and Arabs in general. Polish and Brazilian migrant labours are also discriminated against in some places. Racist parties like the U.K.'s British National Party and National Front trade on these fears to get votes.

Alleged scientific findings of racial differences were used by Nazi Germany to justify the racialist policy with its concept of "Großdeutschland" (Greater Germany) and the Nordic race idea. The Nazis' attitude towards the Jews were anti-Semitic and falsely blamed them for Germany's defeat in World War I and the Great Depression. The Nazis and some of their anti-Semitic allies, like Hungary, committed genocide against the Jews during the Holocaust of World War II.

Both the Nazis and Romania's Iron Guard also persecuted the Roma, who were considered part of the allegedly inferior 'Indic' race. During World War II, the Nazis embarked on a systematic attempt at genocide of the Roma, known as the "Porajmos". The Nazis also knowingly killed of thousands of Slavs, lesbians, Communists, liberals and gays.

Fascist Benito Mussolini, in a 1919 speech to denounce Soviet Russia, claimed that Jewish bankers in London and New York City were bound by the chains of race to Moscow, and claimed that 80 percent of the Soviet leaders were Jews.

Many Italian fascists held anti-Slavist views, especially against neighbouring Yugoslav nations, who they saw as being in competition with Italy, which had laid claim to the Yugoslavia's region of Dalmatia.

Mussolini said Italy would get its own way and was willing to use force to settle arguments. An early example was Italy's bombardment of the Greek island of Corfu in 1923. Soon after he succeeded in setting up a puppet regime in Albania and crushed a rebellion in Libya, which had been an Italian colony since 1912.

Italy, like Germany, Austria and Hungary regarded all Slavs and Roma as stupid, racially inferior due to the effects of Social Darwinism and undeserving of their basic rights. Anti-Arab discrimination was also used in parts of Libya.

The Iron Guard was an antisemitic fascist movement and political party in Romania from 1927 to 1941. They despised and denounced both Jews and the Roma.

American racism has been a major issue in the country since before its founding. Historically dominated by White settler society, race in the United States as a concept became significant in relation to other groups. Generally racist attitudes in the country have been most onerously applied to Native Americans, African Americans and some "foreign-seeming" action against Mexican immigrants among others. The Chinese, Japanese and Irish had trouble in America, during the 19th century, but the Blacks fell foul of the Jim Crow Laws which once racially separated some parts of America between Blacks and Whites. These first emerged in the late 19th Century and lasted to the mid 1960s and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

Millions of Africans were killed while they were held as prisoners or as slaves by the Europeans and Arabs. Some call this "The Black Holocaust".

The United States' legal system has been accused of racism. 40% of the prison population are black. 12% of the general population is black.
The New York Police Department stop-and-frisk program has been accused of racial profiling.

The book To Kill A Mockingbird is a well-known American novel largely focusing on race in the Jim Crow era, described earlier.

In the 21st century, certain groups of non-white people hold the idea that all white people have advantages over them based on their skin color, with disregard to family background, personal history, or current situation.

In the United Kingdom the two most popular nationalist political parties are the British National Party (BNP) and the UK Independence Party (UKIP). There is also a group called the English Defense League (EDL). They are thought to be racist by a lot of people. They are against unlimited immigration and colonization by Muslims. Although Muslims can be of any race, they are usually South Asian. In a 2013 poll, 27% of 1000 British people aged between 18 and 24 said that they did not trust Muslims.
In the United Kingdom most people are white. 7% are Asian and 3% are black. 4.83% of the British population are Muslims.

South African "Apartheid laws" were a system of racial segregation which was used to deny many rights of non-white people. They started in 1948. The laws allowed the white minority to keep the Black majority out of certain areas. Black people had to carry special papers (passes) or have permission to live and work in particular areas. Whites opposed intermarriage with non-whites and coloured people were also discriminated against, but not as badly as the non-whites. The Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act of 1949 prohibited marriage between persons of different races and the Immorality Act of 1950 made sexual relations with a person of a different race a criminal offence. The blacks suffered greatly and were even banned from voting at one point. Nelson Mandela became South Africa's first black president in 1994. Mandela ended apartheid. Currently, racial quota laws discriminate against Whites in South Africa. The Black President Zuma of South Africa publicly sings "Kill The Boer", which means, Kill the White [Farmer]". Genocidewatch.org reports that the White South Africans are facing genocide.

The Imperial Rule Assistance Association ("Taisei Yokusankai") was a coalition of fascist and nationalist political movements of Japan such as the Imperial Way Faction ("Kōdōha") and the Society of the East ("Tōhōkai"). It was formed under the guidance of Japanese Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe Prior to creation of the IRAA, Konoe had already effectively nationalized strategic industries, the news media, and labour unions, in preparation for total war with China. Japan needed more land, minerals and colonies, so they annexed Korea, Manchuria and part of China. The Japanese regarded the Chinese, Koreans and Europeans as an inferior race that should be crushed and exploited.

When Konoe's successor, Hideki Tōjō took over the IRAA he attempted to establish himself as the absolute leader, or "Shogun", of Japan, under the Emperor of Japan.

Some Japanese people still believe that they did not commit as many massacres as the Western World and China said they did.

With the revelations of the holocaust, as well as worldwide antiracist efforts, old ideas about race changed and, more slowly, some prejudices about race faded. The civil rights movement tried to liberate persons of African origin from racist white supremacist rule in South Africa and the southern USA. Blacks could vote in South Africa after a 50-year ban.

The growth of the Hispanic population through immigration from Mexico and elsewhere, combined with and high birth rates, are a factor in the USA's rising population in the last quarter-century. The 2000 census also found Native Americans/Amerindians at their highest population ever, 4.5 million, since the U.S was founded in 1776.


Korba, Chhattisgarh

Korba is a city in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The city is the center of power in the state, meaning that it is the source from which people who live there get their energy supply. It contains major power companies such as NTPC and LENCO. Apart from power projects, it is the home of the most profiting coal mines in India namely DIPKA & GEVRA which are part of SECL (South Eastern Coalfields Limited). Vedanta group's presence is also felt through BALCO aluminium plant.

Apoptosis

Apoptosis is the controlled death of a cell. It is an important part of tissue development. For example, during limb development in a foetus, apoptosis allows digits (fingers and toes) to separate from each other. The process is quite common until puberty begins. Apoptosis is a regulated and controlled process which works throughout an organism's life cycle. The rate of apoptosis is balanced by the rate of cell production by mitosis.

The phenomenon of programmed cell death was first described by Carl Vogt in 1842. In 1885, anatomist Walther Flemming gave a more precise description of the process.

The average adult human loses between 50 and 70 billion cells each day due to apoptosis. The average human adult has more than 13 trillion cells of which at most only 70 billion die each day. That is, about 5 out of every 1,000 cells (0.5%) die each day due to apoptosis. For an average human child between the ages of 8 and 14, approximately 20–30 billion cells die per day.

When a cell dies by apoptosis, surrounding tissue is not harmed. <br>
1. Enzymes break down the cytoskeleton of the cell.<br>
2. Cytoplasm becomes dense, with organelles tightly packed.<br>
3. Cell surface membrane forms "blebs".<br>
4. Chromatin condenses and the nuclear envelope breaks. DNA breaks into fragments.<br>
5. The cell breaks down into vesicles, taken up by phagocytosis.

Apoptosis is the normal end of a cell's life. At any point in time, there may be too many cells in one area, and the DNA
coding for apoptosis will activate in some of those cells and they will die safely. This is important to the overall functioning of the organism. If, for example, the making of liver cells were to speed up and they never died, the liver would no longer function properly. The liver cells would eventually take over the organism's body. Apoptosis takes place by the help of lysosomes. Lysosomes rupture when the cell is old or damaged, this lets out digestive enzymes all over the cell and digests it, therefore killing the cell.

Cancerous cells do not undergo apoptosis, which is why they are such a problem. They continuously multiply until the host organ or the organism's body cannot function anymore. This occurs because the apoptosis coding has mutated and so has other coding. This causes rapid mitotic division of the unwanted cells. This is a cancerous growth.

The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2002 was awarded jointly to Sydney Brenner, H. Robert Horvitz and John E. Sulston "for their discoveries concerning genetic regulation of organ development and programmed cell death'." Sydney Brenner, Sir John Sulston and Robert Horvitz received the Nobel Prize for their work on the genome and cells of the roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans". C. elegans was the first animal to have its complete genome sequenced.


Phagocyte

Phagocytes are the white blood cells that protect the body by eating (phagocytosing) bacteria and dead or dying cells. They are important for fighting infections. They are also important for becoming immune. Phagocytes are present in all animals and are very complex in vertebrates. One liter of human blood has about six billion phagocytes.

Their name comes from the Greek "phagein", 'to eat or devour ', and "kutos", 'hollow vessel'. Phagocytes were first seen in 1882 by Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov. Phagocytes can be found in many animals. Macrophages move like amoebae, and are probably an ancient type of cell.

Phagocytes of humans and other animals are called professional or non-professional, depending on how good they are at phagocytosis. The professional phagocytes are neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, dendritic cells, and mast cells. The reason they are called professional phagocytes is because they have receptors on their surfaces which can detect harmful objects, such as bacteria. Phagocytes are very important in fighting infections and in getting rid of dead and dying cells.

When there is an infection, phagocytes move to the bacteria by sensing chemicals. These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes that are already there. The phagocytes move by a way called chemotaxis. When bacteria touch a phagocyte, they bind to the receptors on the phagocyte and are eaten (phagocytosed). When bacteria enter some phagocytes, the phagocytes use oxidants and nitric oxide to kill the pathogen. After phagocytosis, macrophages and dendritic cells can also do 'antigen presentation': this is when the phagocyte moves parts of the killed bacteria back to its surface. These parts are then shown to other cells of the immune system. Some phagocytes then move to the body's lymph nodes and show the bacterial parts to white blood cells called lymphocytes. This action is important in getting immunity.

Many bacteria have ways to not be eaten or killed by phagocytes. They may avoid contact by

FM Static

FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with "Tooth & Nail Records". The band was started by Thousand Foot Krutch (another band) lead man Trevor McNevan and Thousand Foot Krutch drummer Steve Augustine. In 2003, they made their first album called ("What Are You Waiting For?"). This album has sold over 60,000 copies so far and had the singles ""Definitely Maybe"" and ""Crazy Mary"". On August 1, 2006, FM Static started selling their second album called "Critically Ashamed", which has the single ""Waste of Time"" on it. Their third album was announced in late April 2008. The two piece finished recording "Dear Diary" in early August 2008. It was released on April 7, 2009. 

FM Static won the "Best Website Ever Made" award from the "Webgrammys", and they have been nominated for the "GMA Canada" "Covenant Awards".







Wadi

A Wadi is usually a valley, sometimes the bed of a river. The river that is part of the wadi only has water after heavy rain. Staying in a wadi can be a danger to life. This is because the water in a wadi can rise very quickly. Canyon is another name for it, used in other countries. 

Noble gas compound

A noble gas compound is a chemical compound that has an element from Group 18 of the periodic table in it. Group 18 (previously called Group 0) contains all the noble gases. 

For a long time, scientists thought that noble gases could not form compounds because their valence electron shell had no space for more electrons. This means that they could not accept any more electrons, which made bonding impossible. However, in 1933, Linus Pauling said that heavy noble gases could react with fluorine or oxygen, as they are the most electronegative atoms. His prediction was correct, and xenon hexafluoride (XeF) was later discovered. Many more noble gas compounds have been found since then.

Oxidizing Helium or Neon takes a lot of energy. No chemical substance is known to have enough power to oxidize Helium or Neon. Two Helium compounds have been predicted; they would need a very high pressure to be stable. 

Noble gases can also make endohedral fullerene compounds when the noble gas atom is pushed inside a fullerene molecule. In 1993, it was discovered that when C is put under pressure of about 3 bar of Helium or Neon, He@C and Ne@C are made. Only about one out of every 650,000 C were found with a helium atom. But with more pressures (about 3000 bar), it is possible to get as much as 0.1%. Endohedral molecules with argon, krypton and xenon have also been made, as well as other compounds of He@C.

Vector graphics editor

A vector graphics editor is a computer program that lets users make and change vector graphics images and save them in one of many popular vector graphics formats such as EPS, PDF, WMF, SVG or VML.



What Are You Waiting For?

What Are You Waiting For? is the debut album from FM Static, a Canadian pop punk band. It was released in the summer of 2003 although there was a TFK record the same year.

Although not a bestseller or anything really great, "What Are You Waiting For?" did manage to sell around 60,000 copies in three and a half years. Remember, FM Static are only a side project.


Negev

The Negev or Naqab is the southern region of Israel/Palestine. It is a desert that covers about 60% of the current state of Israel. Only about 10% of the people that live in Israel live there. The Negev has borders with Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the west, the Arabah in the Great Rift Valley in the east, and a line connecting Gaza city to Ein Gedi near the Dead Sea to the north. Beersheba and Eilat are the main cities of the Negev.

The Negev has a UNESCO World Heritage site. The Negev incense route was a trade route in the Negev. It connected Arabia to the Mediterranean in the Hellenistic-Roman period. The trade led to the development of ancient towns, forts and caravanserai en route, and agricultural development. It was proclaimed as of outstanding universal value by UNESCO in 2005.


Alfred Eisenstaedt

Alfred Eisenstaedt (6 December 1898 – 24 August 1995) was a German photographer and photojournalist. He is renowned for his candid photographs, frequently made using a 35mm Leica M3 rangefinder camera. He is best remembered for his photograph capturing the celebration of V-J Day in Times Square.

Petrochemical

A petrochemical is a chemical product that is made from petroleum, natural gas or other hydrocarbons.

Some petrochemicals include alcohol, antiseptics, artificial rubber, detergents, drugs, explosives, food additives, insecticides, perfume, plastic, and textile fiber.



Electronegativity

Electronegativity, symbol χ, is a chemical property that says how well an atom can attract electrons towards itself. The electronegativity of an atom is influenced by the atom's atomic number and the distance between the atom's valence electrons (the outermost electrons that take part in chemical bonding) and its nucleus. It was first theorised by Linus Pauling in 1932 as part of his valence bond theory, and is related to other chemical properties. Generally, electronegativity increases from the bottom-left to the upper-right of the periodic table; this is known as a periodic trend.

There are many ways to calculate the electronegativity of an atom. The most common way of calculation is the one suggested by Linus Pauling, and it gives the relative Pauling scale. This scale gives elements dimensionless quantities (values) between 0.7 and 3.98, with hydrogen being at 2.20.

The opposite of electronegativity is electropositivity; the measure of how well an atom gives away electrons.

Pauling suggested the idea of electronegativity in 1932 to explain why the strength of a covalent bond between two different atoms (A-B) is stronger than the average of the strengths of the covalent bonds A-A and B-B. His valence bond theory said that this stronger bond between different atoms is caused by the ionic effects to the bonding.

The difference between the electronegativity of atom A and atom B is

where the dissociation energies (that is, the energy needed to break the bond between the atoms), "E", of A-B, A-A and B-B bonds are given in electronvolts, and the factor (eV) is added to make sure the final answer has no unit. With the above formula, we can calculate the difference in elecronegativity between hydrogen and bromine to be 0.73. (dissociation energies: H-Br, 3.79 eV; H-H, 4.52 eV; Br-Br, 2.00 eV)

The above equation only calculates the difference in electronegativity between two elements. To make a scale from the equation, a reference point has to be chosen. Hydrogen was chosen as a reference point because it bonds covalently with many elements. Hydrogen's electronegativity was first fixed at 2.1, but was later changed to 2.20. Another thing that need to be known to make an electronegativity scale is which element is more electronegative than the reference point, which is hydrogen. This is often done with the so-called "chemical intuition": in the above example, hydrogen bromide (H-Br) dissolves in water and breaks into H cation and Br anion. So, it can be assumed that bromine is more electronegative than hydrogen.

To calculate Pauling electronegativity for an element, the data on the dissociation energies of at least two types of covalent bonds created by the element is needed. In 1961, A. L. Allred improved Pauling's original data to include the thermodynamic data that is much more available. These "revised Pauling" electronegativity values are used more often.

Electropositivity is a measure of an element's ability to donate electrons, and form positive ions.

Mainly, this is an attribute of metals. The alkali metals have a single electron in their outer shell and it is easily lost. These metals have low ionization energies.

Linus Pauling

Linus Carl Pauling (February 28, 1901 – August 19, 1994) was an American scientist, peace activist, author and educator. He was one of the most important chemists in history.

Pauling was one of the first scientists to work in quantum chemistry, molecular biology and orthomolecular medicine. He is one of a small group of people to have been given more than one Nobel Prize. He is one of only two people to receive them in different fields (the other person was Marie Curie) and the only person in that group to have been awarded each of his prizes without having to share it with another winner. 

Pauling was born and grew-up in Oregon, USA. He went to Oregon Agricultural College and graduated in 1922 with a degree in chemical engineering. Pauling then went to the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where he received his Ph. D in physical chemistry and mathematical physics in 1925. Two years later, he became an assistant professor at Caltech, and he completed his academic career there after many decades on the faculty. He was a Unitarian.

In 1932, Pauling came up with the idea of electronegativity and made a scale that would help predict the chemical bonding. Pauling kept doing this work while he also did work on the structure of the atomic nucleus. 

In 1954, Pauling was given the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for work that he did on the structure of DNA. This work led scientists in the UK to come up with the double helix of DNA. 

During the Second World War, Pauling worked on military research and development. But, after the war had ended he became worried about the making and future use of atomic weapons and with the destruction forced on the world by war. Ava Helen Pauling, Linus's wife, was a pacifist and in time he came to share her beliefs. Pauling then began to talk about his worries with the effects of nuclear fallout and in 1962, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work against above ground nuclear testing.

Pauling was also an author and a teacher. His first book, "The Nature of the Chemical Bond" (1939), is still used today. his introductory textbook, "General Chemistry" (1949). Later in life, he became an advocate for greatly increased consumption of vitamin C and other nutrients. He generalized his ideas to define orthomolecular medicine, which is still regarded as unorthodox by conventional medicine. He popularized his concepts, analyses, research and insights in several successful but controversial books, such as "How to Live Longer and Feel Better" in 1986.

Pauling died of prostate cancer on August 19, 1994, at 7:20 PM at home in Big Sur, California. He was 93 years old. A grave marker for him is in Oswego Pioneer Cemetery in Lake Oswego, Oregon.

Pauling received numerous awards and honors during his career. Following are awards and honors he has received.

Strabo

Strabo (; 63/64 BC – ca. AD 24) was a Greek historian, geographer and philosopher.

Strabo was born in a rich family from Pontus which had become part of the Roman Empire a short time before. His mother was Georgian. He studied under several geographers and philosophers. Later he made long travels to Egypt and Kush, among others. It is not known when his "Geography" was written, though comments within the work itself place the finished version within the reign of Emperor Tiberius.

Strabo's "History" is nearly completely lost. Although Strabo quotes it himself, and other classical authors mention that it existed, the only surviving document is a fragment of papyrus now in possession of the University of Milan (renumbered <nowiki>[</nowiki>Papyrus<nowiki>]</nowiki> 46).

Several different dates have been proposed for Strabo's death, but most of them place it shortly after 23.

Strabo is mostly famous for his 17-volume work "Geographica", which presented a descriptive history of people and places from different regions of the world known to his era. It is an important source of information on the ancient world.



Chris Waddle

Christopher Roland Waddle (born 14 December 1960) is a former football player. He has played for the England national team.

Marseille

Tottenham Hotspur

Sheffield Wednesday

Individual

Ray Ozzie

Ray Ozzie (born November 20, 1955) is an American computer programmer. He was the "Chief Software Architect" (the person in charge of programming) at Microsoft.

Ian Ure

Ian Ure (born 7 December 1939) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

110||0
215||3
325||3

!Total||11||0

Skating rink

A skating rink may refer to:

Identity theft

Identity theft is a type of fraud that involves using personal details belonging to the victim. This may be a passport, social security card, student pass, credit card etc. A person who has his or her identity stolen can end up owing money when the thief spends the person's money or uses the person's credit.

Identity theft is a serious crime that affects thousands of people. Globally around 40% of the people have been targets of an identity theft crime at least once. With the pace of development in the online or the digital landscape, identity theft is becoming more sophisticated each day. As per statistics, there were 4.54 billion internet users in 2020 which is 59% of the world’s population. On average, there is a 7% rise in internet penetration annually. Meanwhile, there is a remarkable rise in online shopping, social media, and app usage. Accordingly, on average, people spend nearly 7 hours on the internet. With a wide online presence, identity theft has become inevitable in modern society. Out of all the countries, the USA has consistently topped the list with 16.7 million Identity theft victims reported in 2017 accounting for an overall loss estimated at more than USD 17 billion.

Since there is a marked rise in identity theft every year, people should be more vigilant about the potential theft of their personal and financial information. Accordingly, it is highly advisable to safeguard one’s login credentials, create strong passwords and keep the virus guards up to date. It is prudent to constantly monitor your bank accounts for any dubious transactions. Besides, special caution needs to be taken when disposing of financial statements, receipts, and credit card bills.

Five of The Most Common Types of identity theft:


Sensor

A sensor is a device that measures a physical quantity and converts it into a 'signal' which can be read by an observer or by an instrument. For example, a mercury thermometer converts the measured temperature into the expansion and contraction of a liquid which can be read on a calibrated glass tube. Video cameras and a digital cameras have an image sensor.

There are many different types of sensors. Some are used in everyday objects, and some are separate.

A sensor that detects temperature. Thermal sensors are in many laptops and computers in order to sound an alarm when a certain temperature has been exceeded.

An electronic device used to measure a physical quantity such as pressure or loudness and convert it into an electronic signal of some kind (e.g. a voltage).

An electromagnetic sensor is anything that can detect things like photons, electrons, magnetic fields etc. It can be as simple as a white wall, a sheet of white paper, etc., or as new as a charge-coupled device. When a laser is aimed at a detection screen, a bright spot can be seen on the screen, or when an electron hits the phosphors on another kind of screen, it makes that screen glow.


A motion sensor detects physical movement in a given area.


Victory

Victory is winning an argument, war or test. Many songs have been made called "victory songs". Victory often comes with a lot of emotion. Victory is usually celebrated after winning, although there are many times not to, like after a war. The term comes from the culture of ancient Rome, when it meant winning a war.

In terms of human emotion, being victorious usually brings strong feelings of gladness, and in human behaviour often has movements and victory poses.
Victory dances and victory cries are quite similar to war dances and war cries that are done before the violence.


Illegal immigration

Illegal immigration is the migration of people into a country in violation of the immigration laws of that country or the continued residence without the legal right to live in that country. An illegal immigrant is an immigrant who lives in a country without permission or in a way that is not allowed, or illegal. Millions of people around the world live in another country against the laws of that country. 

Many of these people migrate to a country in secret. Many others come to the country legally as a visitor, then stay in the country when they should legally going home. Some work illegally and live in bad conditions. They usually move for similar reasons as other immigrants, but they do not legally have the right to be there.

Thousands of immigrants illegally enter the United States each year, many crossing the Mexican border. In general, they are opposed by the Republican Party, which generally wishes to deport them, while in general Democrats want to help give illegal immigrants legal status. In 2016, Donald Trump ran on a bid to build a wall on the Mexican-American border to prevent further illegal immigration. He became president in 2017, but the building of the border barrier was halted in 2021 when Joe Biden replaced Trump as president. 

Francisco Castro

Francisco Castro (born 4 September, 1990) is a football player.



Stuart Murdoch

Stuart Murdoch is a former football manager.

Chris Cornell

Chris Cornell (Christopher John Boyle; July 20, 1964 – May 17, 2017) was an American singer. He is best known as the singer in the grunge band Soundgarden.
He started the band in 1984 with lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Cornell is regarded as one of the greatest vocalists in rock history.

He released his debut album in September 1999, "Euphoria Morning". Later, in 2001, he began the supergroup Audioslave with the former members of Rage Against the Machine. Cornell recorded three albums as Audioslave's singer until the band's breakup in early 2007. His second solo album "Carry On" was released to mixed commercial success in June 2007.

Cornell was also a co-singer singer in a band, Temple of the Dog, with Eddie Vedder, that was formed as a tribute to a musician, Andrew Wood, who had died.

Cornell was found dead at his Detroit, Michigan hotel room shortly after performing at a concert on May 17, 2017 at the age of 52. The cause of death was determined to be suicide by hanging.

Cornell was born in Seattle to Ed Boyle and Karen Cornell. He is of English, French, German, Irish, Manx, Northern Irish, Norwegian, Scottish, Swiss, and Welsh. Cornell was first married to Susan Silver, the manager of Alice in Chains and Soundgarden. They had a daughter, Lillian Jean, in June 2000. He and Silver divorced in 2004. In December 2008, Cornell said that he had finally won back his collection of 15 guitars after a four-year court battle with Silver.

He then married Vicky Karayiannis. She is an American publicist of Greek heritage. She gave birth to his second daughter, Toni, in September 2004, and his third child, Christopher Nicholas, in December 2005. Cornell converted to the Greek Orthodox Church because of her faith in the church.

Curse tablet

A curse tablet or binding spell ("defixio" in Latin, κατάδεσμος "katadesmos" in Greek) is a type of curse. It could be found in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. Curse tablets were used to influence other people. Often the gods were asked to influence someone else, or to do harm to them. This would involve magic.

Usually, texts were scratched on very thin sheets of lead using small writing. These sheets would then be rolled up, folded, or pierced with nails.They would then be put under ground, placed in graves, or thrown into wells, pools or lakes. Sometimes they were put on temple walls. Like an analogy the treatment done to the material should also be done to the target of the spell. 

Some of the tablets contained love spells. If they were used this way, they had to be placed in the home of the desired person, so that the spell could work. 

About 1600 tablets have been found. About 600 of them were in Greece. 

Some of the spells were discovered together with small figures, which have falsely been described as voodoo dolls. The dolls or figurines were sometimes also pierced with nails. The figurines looked like the target and often had both their feet and hands bound. Not all curse tablets were made with lead. Curses were also written on papyrus, wax, wood or other perishable materials, but these are less likely to survive.

The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to gods such as Hermes, Charon, Hecate, and Persephone. Sometimes a dead person (probably the corpse in whose grave the tablet was placed) had to mediate. Some texts do not invoke the gods, but merely list the targets of the curse, the crimes or conditions when the curse is valid, and/or the intended ill to befall them. Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets. An oral spell may have accompanied the making of the curse.

The text on the tablets is not always curses. Sometimes tablets were used to help the dead. Those whose grave sites these were placed at usually died very young or in a violent manner. The tablet was to help lay their souls to rest in spite of their untimely deaths. The language of those texts that do give context is often concerned with justice. It may list the target's crimes in great detail, handing over responsibility for their punishment to the gods, using indefinite grammar ("whoever committed this crime"), or conditional ("if he is guilty"), or even future conditional ("if he ever breaks his word").. Frequently, such curse tablets are also inscribed with additional, otherwise meaningless "curse" words such as Bazagra, Bescu, or Berebescu, seemingly in order to lend them a kind of supernatural efficacy.

Many of those discovered at Athens refer to court cases and curse the opposing litigant, asking ("May he...") that he botch his performance in court, forget his words, become dizzy and so forth. Others have erotic binding-spells, spells ranged against thieves, and business and sporting rivals. Those curse tablets targeted at thieves or other criminals may have been more public, more acceptable. Some scholars do not use the word "curse" of such "positive" texts, preferring expressions such as "judicial prayers".

About 130 curse tablets have been found at "Aquae Sulis" (now Bath in England), where many of the curses related to thefts of clothes whilst the victim was bathing. Over 80 more have been discovered in and about the remains of a temple to Mercury nearby, at West Hill, Uley, making south-western Britain one of the major centres for finds of Latin "defixiones".

In Ancient Egypt, so-called "Execration Texts" appear around the time of the 12th Dynasty, listing the names of enemies written on clay figurines or pottery which were then smashed and buried beneath a building under construction (so that they were symbolically "smothered"), or in a cemetery.


Kim Thayil

Kim Thayil (born September 4, 1960 in Seattle, Washington) best known as the lead guitarist in Soundgarden.

Matt Cameron

Matthew David Cameron (born November 28, 1962 in San Diego, California) is an American drummer best known as the drummer in Soundgarden and Pearl Jam.

In September 1986, Matt Cameron had become so popular in the local Seattle music scene that he was chosen to play for Soundgarden. He replaced drummer Scott Sundquist. Cornell said, "When I first met Matt, he was already the best drummer in town...He just seemed very confident and well-adjusted."

He also worked briefly with The Smashing Pumpkins. In 1998, he played drums for Pearl Jam's Yield Tour. Later he joined the band as a permanent member.

Ben Shepherd

Ben Shepherd (born Hunter Benedict Shepherd on September 20, 1968) is an American musician, best known as the bass player in the grunge band Soundgarden from 1990 until the band's 1997 break-up.

Ben Shepherd first auditioned for the role of bassist in Soundgarden in 1989, to replace Hiro Yamamoto, who had left the band. He was turned down because he could not play the songs well enough. But after Jason Everman was let go, Shepherd was then hired.

Chris Cornell said that Shepherd brought a "fresh and creative" approach to the "Badmotorfinger" recording sessions, All the band members said that his knowledge of music and writing skills would be a help to the band.

Before joining, Soundgarden had been Shepherd's favorite band.

A-Sides

A-Sides is a best-of album by Soundgarden with songs spanning the band's thirteen-year career. It was released on November 4, 1997 through A&M Records.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:

Greatest hits album

A greatest hits album (sometimes referred to as a "best of" album) is a compilation album of successful, previously released songs by a particular music artist or band. To increase the appeal of the album – especially to people who already own the previously released material – it is common to include remixes or alternate takes of popular songs or new material, with new songs often being released as singles (and themselves sometimes becoming successful).

Down on the Upside

Down on the Upside is the fifth and final studio album by Soundgarden.


Alternative metal

Alternative metal is a type of heavy metal in the alternative music genre. Alternative metal became popular during the 1990s.

Characteristics of alternative metal music are heavy guitar riffs, syncopation, uncommon time signatures, and unusual techniques. Alternative metal is like regular heavy music, but it can be more experimental. This is what makes it "alternative".

Popular alternative metal bands are Jane's Addiction, Faith No More, Primus, Helmet, Alice in Chains, Nine Inch Nails, Tool, Rage Against the Machine and System of a Down.


Halloween (franchise)

The Halloween movie series are a series of horror movies created by Moustapha Akkad in 1978. The series is about Michael Myers, who was committed to a sanitarium as a child for killing of his older sister, Judith Myers. Fifteen years later, he escapes to continue his killing spree. Dr. Loomis is a psychiatrists who helps all of Michael's victims to escape death from Myers. Only Dr. Loomis and Michael Myers appear in all movies except "".

Some novels were written about each movies, many of them were written by Dennis Etchison.


Turkish diaspora

The Turkish diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of Turkish people living outside of Turkey. There is an estimated 90 million Turkish people in total. There are 76 million Turkish people living in Turkey and large Turkish communities which have been established in Europe (particularly in Germany, France, and the Netherlands), as well as North America, and Australia.

Anemoi

In Greek mythology, the Anemoi ( – "winds") are the gods of the four winds — Boreas (the north wind), Notus (the south), Eurus (the east), and Zephryus (the west). They were the sons of Eos, goddess of the dawn, and Astraeus. They were each associated with a particular season and its weather conditions. In the form of horses they drew the chariot of Zeus.

Boreas (, "Boréas") was the god of the north wind, winter,ice, snow, storms, dragons, joy, happiness and entertaiment and bringer of cold winter air. He was married to the Athenian princess Orithyia, with whom he had two sons, Zethes and Calaïs, and one daughter, Khione, the goddess of snow. His Roman equivalent is Aquilo.

Zephyrus (, "Zéphyros"), sometimes known in English as just Zephyr, was the god of the west Wind, spring, Fertility and harvest who brought rain and early summer breezes. He was the gentlest of the winds, and the one most prominently featured in Greek myth. Favonius is his Roman equivalent.

Notus (, "Nótos") was the god of the south wind ,summer, fire, light and warmth. He brought late summer and autumn storms and was feared as a destroyer of crops. His Roman equivalent is Auster.

Eurus (, "Euros") was the god of the east wind, and was believed to be a bringer of bad luck. Vulturnus is his Roman counterpart. 

Boreas

Boreas (, "Boreus" - “North Wind”) is the Greek god of winter, the north wind, and storms in ancient Greek religion and mythology. He is known for bringing the cold season of winter into the world. His most famous story is about him abducting Oreithyia and making her his wife. He is also known for helping the Athenians against the Persians by sinking 400 Persian ships with his strong icy breath.

Boreas was said to have kidnapped Orithyia, an Athenian princess, from the Ilisos. Boreas had taken a fancy to Orithyia and had initially pleaded for her favours, hoping to persuade her. When this failed, he reverted to his usual temper and abducted her as she danced on the banks of the Ilisos. Boreas wrapped Orithyia up in a cloud, raped her, and with her, Boreas fathered two sons—the Boreads, Zethes and Calais, who were part of the crew of the Argo as Argonauts[5][6]—and two daughters—Chione, goddess of snow, and Cleopatra.

From then on, the Athenians saw Boreas as a relative by marriage. When Athens was threatened by Xerxes, the people prayed to Boreas, who was said to have then caused winds to sink 400 Persian ships. A cult was established in Athens in 480 B. C. E. in gratitude to the Boreas for destroying the approaching Persian fleet.[7] A similar event had occurred twelve years earlier, and Herodotus writes:[8]

Now I cannot say if this was really why the Persians were caught at anchor by the stormwind, but the Athenians are quite positive that, just as Boreas helped them before, so Boreas was responsible for what happened on this occasion also. And when they went home they built the god a shrine by the River Ilissus.
Two other cases of Boreas being honored by Greek states for similar assistance have been described, in Megalopolis (against Laconia) and in Thurii (against Syracuse). The latter case had Boreas being granted citizenship and a land plot.[9]

The abduction of Orithyia was popular in Athens before and after the Persian War, and was frequently depicted on vase paintings. In these paintings, Boreas was portrayed as a bearded man in a tunic, with shaggy hair that is sometimes frosted and spiked. The abduction was also dramatized in Aeschylus's lost play Oreithyia.

Hit (baseball)

In baseball, a hit is when a player (called the "batter" or "batsman") who is trying to hit the ball that is thrown (or "pitched") by the thrower (called the "pitcher") hits the ball in such a way as to let him move forward at least one base.

The pitcher throws the ball towards the batter standing at home plate "(or home base)", who tries to hit the ball and score a run. After the batter hits the ball he runs as fast as he can around the bases and tries to get to a base before he is called out by an umpire. If he gets to a base before he is called out he is safe and the next batter comes forward and tries to hit a ball from the pitcher. The old batter who is "on base" becomes a runner.


There are other kinds of hits, but these are the major ones. These hits can be made by many ways. For example; a single can come from a hit that travelled along the ground (called a "grounder") or that travelled in the air (a "fly ball"). A grounder can often be harder for the other team to stop than a fly ball. This is because when it moves along the ground it has more chance of hitting bumps and the glove or foot of the other teams player than it does if it moves in the air. There are also more ways in which hits can happen but these are the two major ways. 

A no-hitter is a baseball game in which the other team does not get any hits during the whole game. The winning pitcher who has stopped the losing team from getting a hit is said to have "thrown a no-hitter". Because of the skill of the players, a no-hitter does not happen very often.


Shutout (baseball)

A shutout is a baseball game where at least one team does not score any runs. This is not always the same as a no-hitter in which the team does not get any hits. 


Fried rice

Fried rice is a popular kind of rice in Chinese cuisine.

Uniform number (American football)

In American football, uniform numbers are special numbers added to jerseys or other types of clothing to tell players from each other. They are shown in more places on the uniform than in those of other sports.

Flag of Pakistan

The national flag of Pakistan was designed by Syed Amir uddin Kedwaii and was based on the original flag of the Muslim League. It was adopted by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan on August 11, 1947, just days before independence. The flag is referred to in the national anthem as "" in Urdu (lit. Flag of the Crescent and Star). The flag comprises a dark green field, representing the Muslim majority of Pakistan, with a vertical white stripe in the hoist, that represents the Christians and other multi-faith communities of the country. In the centre is a white crescent moon, representing progress, and a white five-pointed star, representing light and knowledge.

<br>
<br>

Coat of arms of Pakistan

The State Emblem of Pakistan was adopted in 1954. The emblem's green colour and the star and crescent at the top are symbols of Islam, the most Pakistani citizens identify. In the center is a quartered shield, with each quarter containing a major crop of Pakistan at the time of its adoption: cotton, jute, tea, and wheat. The floral wreath around the shield is the Jasminum officinale (the National flower) represents the Mughal era cultural heritage of Pakistan. The scroll at the bottom contains the national motto in Urdu, coined by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, which reads from right to left: () "Iman, Ittehad, Nazm" translated as "Faith, Unity, Discipline". Pakistan is located in the Indus Valley region of Asia. The crescent moon is the same as the one on the flag of Pakistan, except the colours are inverted. It is also the religious sign or Symbol of the Muslim faith respectively.

The state/province emblem of Azad Jammu and Kashmir carries the crescent and star, mountains, and the maple leaf, which is reflective of the abundance of this tree within the state.


Qaumī Tarāna

The Qaumī Tarāna (, , "National Anthem") is the national anthem of Pakistan. At independence, on August 14, 1947, Pakistan did not have a national anthem. When the flag was hoisted at the independence ceremony it was accompanied by the song, ""Pakistan Zindabad, Azadi Paendabad"". The flag itself had only been approved by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan three days earlier. The national anthem of Pakistan was written some time later by the Urdu poet Abu-Al-Asar Hafeez Jullundhri.



Gloydius himalayanus

Gloydius himalayanus (commonly known as the Himalayan Pit Viper) is a medium-sized gray-brown snake found in caverns and rocky crevices of forested hill sides, where it feeds on skinks and lizards. The scale pattern consists of medial dark brown blotches, alternating with lateral rows of spots.

It occurs along the southern slopes of the Himalayas from Kashmir to Nepal as far as Sikkim between 1500–3000 m altitude.

The Himalayan Pit Viper is a habitually sluggish snake that basks in sunlight and hibernates in winter.

Green sea turtle

The green turtle ("Chelonia mydas") is a large sea turtle belonging to the family Cheloniidae. It is the only species in its genus. It is one of the seven marine turtles, which are all endangered.

Although it might have some green on its carapace (shell), the green turtle is not green. It gets its name from the fact that its body fat is green. It can grow up to long and weigh up to . They are an endangered species, especially in Florida and the Pacific coast of Mexico. They can also be found in warm waters around the world and are found along the coast of 140 countries.

The female turtle lays eggs in nests she builds in the sand on the beaches. She uses the same beach that she was born on. During the nesting season in summer she can make up to five nests. She can lay as many as 135 eggs in a nest. The eggs take about two months to hatch. The baby turtles are about in length.

Green turtles are omnivorous when they are young, eating plants, algae, plankton and other small animals. As they get older, they become herbivorous, eating only plants such as sea grass. Their body fat is green from the chlorophyll of the plants they eat. The edges of their jaws have many points, like the edge of a saw. Their jaws can rip off pieces of plants and the turtles swallows the pieces whole.

The numbers of green turtles around the world has dropped by more than half over the last 150 years. The main reasons are hunting of turtles and the taking of their eggs. Many turtles are killed when they get caught in fishing nets. There is also a disease called fibropapillomatosis which is affecting them. This disease which causes tumors to grow on the turtle's face is probably caused by damage and pollution of their nesting beaches.

Hardella thurjii

The Brahminy River Turtle or Crowned River Turtle ("Hardella thurjii") is a species of turtle found in northern India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh (in the watersheds of the Ganges, Brahmaputra, and Indus rivers).

Hydrophis ornatus

Ornate Reef seasnake (Hydrophis ornatus) is a species of sea snake.

Soundgarden discography

The discography of Soundgarden, an American rock band, consists of six studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, seven extended plays, twenty-four singles and eighteen music videos.

This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard, Temple of the Dog, Pearl Jam, Hater, Wellwater Conspiracy, or Audioslave.

Soundgarden was formed in 1984 by vocalist Chris Cornell, guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. The band signed with the independent label Sub Pop and released the "Screaming Life" EP in 1987 and the "Fopp" EP in 1988. In 1988, the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album "Ultramega OK". The band subsequently signed with A&M Records, becoming the first grunge band to sign with a major label. In 1989, the band released its first album for a major label, "Louder Than Love".

In 1990, the band was joined by a new bass player, Ben Shepherd. They released "Badmotorfinger" in 1991. The album brought the band to a new level of commercial success, and Soundgarden found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention being paid to the Seattle music scene. The band's next album was to be its breakthrough. "Superunknown", released in 1994, debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 and launched several successful singles, including "Spoonman" and "Black Hole Sun". In 1996, the band released its fifth studio album, "Down on the Upside"; while successful, the album could not emulate the precedent set by "Superunknown".

In 1997, the band broke up because they could no longer agree on how their music sounded. The members worked on other projects for more than ten years. Soundgarden got back together in 2010. Two years later, they released their sixth studio album, "King Animal".


Louder Than Love

Louder Than Love is the second full-length album by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on September 5, 1989 through A&M Records. After touring in support of its first full-length studio album, "Ultramega OK", released in 1988, the band signed with A&M and began work on its first album for a major label. The songs on the album featured a heavy rock sound with some songs featuring unusual or unorthodox time signatures.

Because of some of the song lyrics the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album's release, including the addition of a Parental Advisory sticker on the album packaging. "Louder Than Love" would become the band's first album to chart on the "Billboard" 200. The band supported the album with tours of North America and Europe. It was the last Soundgarden album to feature the band's original bassist, Hiro Yamamoto.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:





Ultramega OK

Ultramega OK is the first album by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on October 31, 1988 through SST Records. Following the release of the EPs "Screaming Life", released in 1987, and "Fopp", released in 1988, for the Sub Pop record label, the band signed with the independent record label SST and went to work on its first full-length studio album.

The resulting album contained elements of psychedelic rock, classic rock, and hardcore punk. The band supported the album with a tour of the United States as well as its first overseas tour. In 1990, the album earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance.




List of Soundgarden band members

Soundgarden is an American rock band. They began in Seattle, Washington in 1984. They first had three members: singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto.

At first, Cornell, played the drums while singing. In 1985 the band chose Scott Sundquist to be drummer, so Cornell could just be the singer.

In 1986, Sundquist left the band to spend time with his wife and child. He was replaced by Matt Cameron, the drummer for Skin Yard, who became Soundgarden's permanent drummer.

Yamamoto left the band in 1989, after recording the latest album. He went back to college to finish his Master's degree in physical chemistry. He was replaced by former Nirvana guitarist Jason Everman. Everman was fired right after Soundgarden's tour to promote the "Louder Than Love" album. His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band's cover of The Beatles song "Come Together".

In 1990, the band was joined by a new bassist, Ben Shepherd. After this, Soundgarden's line-up would not change until their break-up. In 1996, the group became unhappy while recording "Down on the Upside". Thayil and Cornell seemed to not agree on a change from the heavy guitar riffs that had become the band's trademark. In 1997, the band broke up. They had not been getting along during the past half year.

In January 2010, Cornell announced that Soundgarden would be getting back together. Two years later, they released their sixth studio album, "King Animal".

Current members
Former members

Touring members

List of Soundgarden awards

Soundgarden was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Matt Cameron became the band's permanent drummer in 1986 and bassist Ben Shepherd replaced Yamamoto permanently in 1990. Soundgarden released its debut album, "Ultramega OK", in 1988 through SST Records. The album earned the band its first major award nomination, a Grammy Award, in 1990. In 1989, the band released its first album for a major label, "Louder Than Love". The band's third studio album, "Badmotorfinger", released in 1991, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992.

Soundgarden released its follow-up and breakthrough album, "Superunknown", in 1994. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album in 1995. Two singles from "Superunknown", "Black Hole Sun" and "Spoonman", won Grammy Awards, and the music video for "Black Hole Sun" won a MTV Video Music Award and a Clio Award. "Superunknown" was ranked number 336 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, and "Black Hole Sun" was ranked number 25 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest songs of the '90s. The band released its fifth and final studio album, "Down on the Upside", in 1996. In 1997, Soundgarden received another Grammy nomination, for the lead single "Pretty Noose". Soundgarden officially broke up in 1997. The band was placed at number 14 on VH1's list of the 100 greatest artists of hard rock.

The Clio Awards are awarded annually. Soundgarden has received one award from one nomination.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Soundgarden has received two awards from eight nominations.

The MTV Video Music Awards are awarded annually by MTV. Soundgarden has received one award from one nomination.

James Milner

James Philip Milner (born 4 January 1986) is an English football player. He plays for Liverpool and the England national team.

Newcastle United

Aston Villa

Manchester City

Liverpool

England U21

Individual

Peter Osgood

Peter Leslie Osgood (20 February 1947 – 1 March 2006) was a former football player. He played four times for the England national team.

418||133
22||1
440||134

!Total||4||0

Trevor Francis

Trevor Francis (19 April 1954 – 24 July 2023) is a former football player. He has played for England national team.
Francis died of a heart attack at his home near Marbella, Spain, on 24 July 2023. He was 69.

Birmingham City

Detroit Express

Nottingham Forest

Sampdoria

Rangers

Sheffield Wednesday

Individual

Sheffield Wednesday

Birmingham City

Individual

Sub Pop

Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle, Washington in 1986.

SST Records

SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn. The company was initially called Solid State Transmitters through which Ginn sold electronics equipment. Ginn repurposed the company as a record label to release material by his band Black Flag.

A&amp;M Records

A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group which operates through the Interscope-Geffen-A&M division. It was set up in 1962.

A&M Records was started by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss. They made 2 records under the name “Carnival Records.” Finding the name "Carnival" was already being used, they changed the name to "A&M", after their names, Alpert and Moss. From 1966 to 1999, the company's office was on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studio at 1416 N. La Brea Avenue, near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood.

In 1960s and 1970s, A&M was among the leading labels for ‘light’ pop music. Acts they recorded included:

In 1971 piano player Billy Preston who joined the label and brought success in R&B and funk music. The Carpenters are label's most successful act of the 1970s having sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.

At the end of the 1960s, A&M added British musicians to the label. These included:

In the 1970s, A&M made an agreement with Ode Records. They released albums for:

Other famous acts with A&M reords in the 1970s included: 

A&M records were first sold in the United Kingdom by EMI's Stateside Records label. It then sold records under the A&M name with Pye Records until 1967. A&M Records, Ltd. was started in 1970. A&M Records of Canada, Ltd. was also formed in 1970, and A&M Records of Europe in 1977.

In the 1970s, A&M saw potential in English punk music and on March 10, 1977 signed the Sex Pistols after the band had been dropped by EMI. However, A&M themselves sacked the band within a week.

Within 10 years of starting, A&M became the world's largest independent record company. In 1979, A&M made an agreement with RCA Records (which later became BMG) to distribute its records in the US, and with CBS Records in many other countries.

A&M's success continued in the 1980s with acts that included:

Over the years, A&M has a made its own special labels: 

Skin Yard

Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1992. The group never gained any mainstream audience, but were an influence on their contemporaries – most notably Soundgarden, The Melvins, and Green River – alongside whom they are considered the early pioneers of the sound that would later be called grunge.

Hater (band)

Hater was an American rock band from the 1990s, a side project mostly under the direction of Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd. Additional members included Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron, John McBain (ex-Monster Magnet and, later, partner of Cameron and Shepherd in Wellwater Conspiracy), bassist John Waterman for the title album, Alan Davis on bass for The 2nd, and Brian Wood, brother of Mother Love Bone vocalist Andrew Wood.

The band released two albums of their brand of Stooges-tinged psychedelic garage rock: their self-titled debut in 1993, and their follow-up, "The 2nd", which was recorded in 1995 but released in 2005.

The band also contributed a song for the 1995 compilation album "" called "Convicted", which does not appear on either album. The musicians for the track were Shepherd, McBain, Davis, & Cameron (the same lineup for "The 2nd").

Wellwater Conspiracy

Wellwater Conspiracy was a rock band featuring Matt Cameron and John McBain. The band originally featured ex-Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd, who left the band in 1998.

Temple of the Dog

Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that was formed in 1990 by Chris Cornell of Soundgarden. He started the band as a tribute to his friend, Andrew Wood. Wood died on March 19, 1990 of a heroin overdose, the day Cornell got back from a tour.

Before he died, Andrew had been the lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone.

Members of the band included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder, providing backing vocals.

The band only released one album, which was also named "Temple of the Dog". The album was released in 1991 and had two hit songs, "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and "Hunger Strike". Cornell sang the lead vocals on "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and Vedder sang the lead vocals on "Hunger Strike".

Bruce Pavitt

Bruce Pavitt (born March 7, 1959) is the Chicago-born founder of record label Sub Pop.

Pavitt started a fanzine entitled "Subterranean Pop" in Olympia, Washington in 1980, about American independent rock bands. A total of three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine. In 1983 Pavitt moved to Seattle and started a record store, Fallout, as well as write a Sub Pop column for The Rocket, and host an independent-label specialty show on KCMU. The year 1986 saw the release of Sub Pop's (the "-terranean" was dropped earlier from the name) first LP: the "Sub Pop 100". Green River's "Dry As a Bone" EP followed in 1987.

Pavitt first met Jonathan Poneman in 1986, when Poneman invited Pavitt for an on-air interview on KCMU, to promote Sub Pop 100. In 1987, Kim Thayil of Soundgarden, said that the two should join forces. Pavitt and Thayil had attended Rich East High School in Park Forest, Illinois together in the mid-1970s. Subsequently, Soundgarden's "Screaming Life" EP was released and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed.

In 1996, Bruce Pavitt resigned from Sub Pop to raise a family.



A Sound Garden

A Sound Garden is a public art work on NOAA property adjacent to Magnuson Park in Seattle, Washington. It was created in 1982 by Doug Hollis. It is constructed with a number of metal tubes on weathervane-like apparatus that catch the wind and moan eerily.

The Seattle grunge band Soundgarden took their name from this art work.

Since 9/11, the facility, including the art installation, is on restricted access under threat level Yellow. Visitors may check in with the guards and walk onto the facility, but their vehicles are not allowed. Photo identification is required in order to view the Sound Garden and access to the "Art Walk".

Fopp (EP)

Fopp is the second EP by the grunge band Soundgarden, released in August 1988 on Sub Pop Records. In 1990 it was combined with the band's first EP "Screaming Life" (1987) and released as "Screaming Life/Fopp".




Screaming Life

Screaming Life is the debut EP by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden, released in October 1987 on Sub Pop Records. "Screaming Life" was later combined with the band's next EP, "Fopp" (1988) and released as "Screaming Life/Fopp" in 1990.

The EP was recorded in 1987 in Seattle's Reciprocal Studios with producer Jack Endino, who also produced albums for Nirvana and Mudhoney.

Drummer Matt Cameron described the sound on the EP as "pretty raw." "Hunted Down", Soundgarden's first single, is representative of the early "grunge" sound — with its dirty guitar, dissonant atmosphere and lyrics concerning entrapment and escape. "Nothing to Say" features drop D tuning, which would become a signature of Soundgarden's sound on later albums. Guitarist Kim Thayil said he learned about the tuning from the Melvins's Buzz Osborne. The original version of "Tears to Forget" appeared on the 1985 "Deep Six" compilation album, which featured some of the first recordings by the earliest Seattle grunge bands, including Soundgarden. That version was recorded with drummer Scott Sundquist, but the version on "Screaming Life" was recorded with Cameron.

Some time prior to recording, producer Jack Endino found old rolls of quarter-inch tape at a garage sale, and some contained recordings of a Christian preacher giving sermons in the early 1950s. Soundgarden vocalist Chris Cornell had the idea to have the preacher's voice on "Hand of God". The recording was synched with the eight-track machine, copied to an empty track and by coincidence (or because, as Endino says, "God smiled upon us") the tape rolls matched perfectly with the song. Cornell also added his own sarcastic preacher-style vocals, with the lines "let it be known today that if you've got two hands you're supposed to pray!". However, according to Endino, the labels on the rolls of tape were near-illegible and thus the name of the preacher remains unknown.

Cornell said that the EP was met with rave reviews and that "everybody loved it." "Hunted Down" was Soundgarden's first single and also the first song on Sub Pop's "hold music" tape. According to Thayil, "you would call them up, and when they put you on hold you heard 'Hunted Down'". It was the only single released from the EP. "Nothing to Say" was Soundgarden's first B-side. It was released on the "Hunted Down" single. The song also appeared on the KCMU compilation tape "Bands That Will Make Money", which was distributed to record companies. Upon hearing the song, record labels began contacting the band, which eventually led to the band signing with A&M Records.

The cover of "Screaming Life" was taken by grunge photographer Charles Peterson, and features Cornell singing and Thayil playing guitar in the background. The album cover was an attempt by Sub Pop to capitalize on Cornell's image. The first 500<nowiki> </nowiki>copies of the EP were pressed on orange vinyl; after that, they were released on standard black vinyl.

The title of the EP inspired the title of a book of photography by Peterson, named "Screaming Life: A Chronicle of the Seattle Music Scene". Published in 1995, it is composed mainly of live photos taken by Peterson from the mid 1980s though the mid 1990s. Many of Peterson's photographs were used as album artwork for grunge bands. The book is accompanied by a CD, with 9 songs selected by Peterson from bands of the era – Soundgarden's "Entering" is one of these songs.

All songs written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil, except where noted:



Loudest Love

Loudest Love is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released in October 1990 through A&M Records.

The EP was first released in Japan, and later released in the United States. The track listing is the same as that for the "Loud Love" single, but with the addition of "Hands All Over", "Heretic" and "Come Together".




Screaming Life/Fopp

Screaming Life/Fopp is a compilation album by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on May 11, 1990 through Sub Pop Records.

The album combines the band's first two EPs: "Screaming Life" (1987) and "Fopp" (1988). It was released in 1990 (see 1990 in music) by Sub Pop. There are two cover songs on the album; "Swallow My Pride" is a Green River cover and "Fopp" is an Ohio Players cover.

All songs written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil, except where noted:




Louder Than Live

Louder Than Live is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden. It has songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, California on December 7, 1989 and December 10, 1989. It was released on May 22, 1990.

It features five live tracks filmed during the "Louder Than Love" tour. The live tracks are "Get on the Snake", "Gun", "I Awake", "Big Dumb Sex", and a medley of Spinal Tap's "Big Bottom" and Cheech & Chong's "Earache My Eye", with footage from both concerts mixed together. It also features footage of the band performing two songs in the studio. The studio clips are "Loud Love" and "Hands All Over". It is on this video that frontman Chris Cornell is seen wearing his infamous silver duct-tape shorts. The bassist for these performances was Jason Everman. "Louder Than Live" was released on VHS only, with no official DVD version available.

In addition to the home video, A&M released a promo 12" (on blue vinyl, July 1990) and CD (May 1990) with the same title, "Louder Than Live". The vinyl includes the 5 live tracks from the video in addition to "Beyond the Wheel". The center label features a close-up picture of guitarist Kim Thayil's face. The CD came wrapped in brown paper, duct-taped closed with a yellow and black sticker that reads "Soundgarden: "Louder Than Live"". In addition to the 6 other live tracks, it includes "Hunted Down". This album has been bootlegged on black vinyl; genuine copies can be distinguished by the A&M logo.

"Concert footage:"

"Studio clips:"



Motorvision

Motorvision is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 17, 1992.

It features eight songs performed live at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, Washington on March 5, 1992 and March 6, 1992 during the "Badmotorfinger" tour. "Motorvision" was released on VHS only, with no official DVD version available.

The video features candid footage of the band and people associated with it, including Sub Pop co-founders Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman. Before the first song begins, the band is introduced on stage by a clown, J. P. Patches.




Songs from the Superunknown

Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 21, 1995 through A&M Records. It was released on the same day as the CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown".

The EP is the audio-only counterpart to "Alive in the Superunknown". "Jerry Garcia's Finger" is featured exclusively on "Songs from the Superunknown".

The CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown" contains the first four tracks from "Songs from the Superunknown" plus a multimedia portion featuring photos of the band, a video game, four music videos ("My Wave", "Fell on Black Days", "Black Hole Sun", and "The Day I Tried to Live"), and a live video of "Kickstand", among other things.

All songs written by Chris Cornell, except where noted:



Jason Everman

Jason Everman (born August 16, 1967 in Kodiak, Alaska) is an American guitarist who played with Nirvana and Soundgarden.

Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist. He is listed as being second guitarist on Nirvana's "Bleach", but did not actually play on any of the tracks. Nirvana founder Kurt Cobain said the credit was a token of thanks to Everman for paying a fee of US $606.17 to record the album. The cash was never repaid. Everman toured with Nirvana in summer of 1989 in support of "Bleach". During his time with Nirvana, he can sometimes be seen using Fender guitars, generally the Fender Telecaster. 

A two-song Nirvana session featuring Everman on guitar is available, albeit in separate releases. A Kiss cover called "Do You Love Me?" was released on a tribute album and "Dive" was released on 2004's "With the Lights Out". Both tracks were recorded at Evergreen State College's 24-track studio in June 1989.

Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 following a stressful tour and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto's temporary successor on bass. In April 1990, he played on the band's cover of The Beatles' "Come Together", which appeared on an EP called "Loudest Love". Everman appeared in Soundgarden's "Louder Than Live" home video. Later in 1990, Everman left the band and Soundgarden found Yamamoto's ultimate successor, bassist Ben Shepherd. 

The "Come Together" cover remains the only recorded Soundgarden material to feature Everman.

Everman's subsequent projects included a stint on guitar in Mind Funk. In September 1994, he left Mind Funk to join the Army 2nd Ranger Battalion and the Special Forces, serving tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. After his military service he appeared in the documentary "Lemmy", said he was a member of the Rangers and Special Forces and that "Motorhead is good go to war music." He also said that "war is a function of the human condition".

Hiro Yamamoto

Chris Cornell said about the recording of the album, "At the time Hiro had excommunicated himself from the band and there wasn't a free-flowing system as far as music went, so I ended up writing a lot of it." Yamamoto was becoming frustrated that he wasn't contributing much, and opted to go back to college. Cornell also said, "It seems an odd time to quit. We're doing real well. We've got a touring budget now. We don't haul amps or do such long van rides any more."

One year later, he started the independent rock band Truly with Screaming Trees drummer Mark Pickerel and Robert Roth from The Storybook Krooks.

Applied mathematics

Applied mathematics is a field of mathematics which uses mathematics to solve problems of other branches of science. The contrary notion is pure mathematics. There are many fields:



Scott Sundquist

Scott Sundquist (born March 7, 1951) is an American musician. He was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden between 1985 and 1986.

In 1985, Soundgarden was a recently formed three-piece band with Chris Cornell on vocals and drums, Kim Thayil on guitar, and Hiro Yamamoto on bass. The band chose Sundquist to be their drummer so Cornell could do the singing. They traveled around playing various gigs with this lineup for about a year. Then they recorded three songs for a C/Z Records compilation album of grunge music by Soundgarden and five other bands, which was called Deep Six and was released in March 1986. This album contains the only recorded Soundgarden material with Sundquist.

Sundquist, who prior to joining the band had been friends with Cornell, was asked to join the band so that Cornell could focus on singing. In 1986, Sundquist left the band to spend time with his family, He stayed friends with Cornell and Thayil after he left the band.

A-ha

a-ha are a Norwegian band who were formed in Oslo. They initially rose to fame during the 1980s, but have had continued success in the 1990s and 2000s. They split in 2010, but reunited 5 years later.



Professional baseball

Baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional leagues all over the world. In these leagues, players are selected for their talents and are paid to play for a team. One of the most popular professional baseball leagues is Major League Baseball, which has teams in the United States and Canada. Another league is Nippon Professional Baseball, which is in Japan. MLB baseball is spilt into two leagues, the National and the American league.


Anglicisation

Anglicisation or anglicization is the act of changing of spoken or written elements of another language into a form that can more easily be understood by an English speaker.

For instance, the Italian name of the city of Rome, the capital of Italy, is "". English speakers call it "Rome" to make it sound more English. Another example is the city of Moscow in Russia, which sounds like "Moskva" in Russian, though it is written much differently because Russian uses the Cyrillic alphabet (it is written in that language as ). Still, English speakers call the city "Moscow" because it is easier to say.

Most of these changes were made a few centuries ago. In some cases the original language was different to the modern one. Turin in the Piedmont province of Italy was called ' in Piedmontese, the native language of the region, but is now officially known as ' after its Italian name. The English and French name for Florence, also in Italy, is closer to the original name in Latin (') than is the modern Italian name of '.

Anglicization has both a political and cultural dimension. Most Welsh and Scottish Gaelic place names were once anglicized when they were under English rule. Now that they have their own local parliaments, they changed the official names back again. In Scotland, however, few people speak Gaelic, so in most places the English versions are almost always used. On the other hand, in Wales, where there are plenty of Welsh speaking people, all road signs need to be in both English and Welsh.

Offensive tackle

In American and Canadian football, offensive tackles (OT, T) are a part of the offensive line. As is other offensive linemen, their job is to block the players on the defense from getting to the offensive player who has the football.

Jeanne Rij-Rousseau

Jeanne Rij-Rousseau (10 June 1870 – 22 October 1956) was a French Cubist painter and an art theoretician.

Rij-Rousseau was born in Candé. From 1890 on, she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the "Ile de la Grande Jatte" in Montmartre. She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier. Sérusier's had ideas about the relationship of music and painting. She used these ideas to form the theory of vibrism, which is a combination of Synthetic Cubism of the pre-war period and Larionov and Goncharova's Rayonism.

Juan Gris was a close friend of hers. From 1911 on, Rij-Rousseau showed her works in Salon d'Automne, Salon des Indépendants and Salon Tuileries. In 1920, she was a member of the artist circle called Section d'Or. She often traveled to South France, especially to Céret, and also to Germany, Belgium and Switzerland. Her paintings were displayed in Zurich, Brussels, New York, and Boston.

In Aubusson and Beauvais' manufactories large-size tapestries designed by her were produced. In 1925, she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first Arts Décoratifs' exhibition.
Guillaume Apollinaire named her a "searcher", and her colour choices were admired by Florent Fels and André Salmon.

Also in 1925, Rij-Rousseau founded the Association of Modern-Age Female Painters. She exhibited with Suzanne Duchamp and Marie Laurencin, among others. Aside from Colette, Rij-Rousseau's biography was published in the book, "Führende Frauen Europas" by Elga Kern as a representative of French art.

Her fame did not last long, and in 1956 she died lonely, impoverished and forgotten in her great-niece's house in Savigny-sur-Braye. Her final exhibition in Château de Blois in 1959 attracted little notice, and the whereabouts of the 70 exhibited paintings are still unknown. Her estate has been scattered throughout the world. Paintings are trafficked in N.Y., Chicago, London, and Paris. Some works are in Parisan museums, in Blois, and in Grenoble, but especially in private collectors' homes.

Research on this painter of the French Modern Age is still in its beginnings.


Big Ten Conference football champions


"*" Chicago stopped its football program in 1939 and withdrew from the conference in 1946.<br>

Napalm Death

Napalm Death are a heavy metal band from Meriden, West Midlands, England. They play a very loud and angry kind of heavy metal called grindcore. Napalm death helped make grindcore. The band made the shortest song in the world, named "You Suffer". It is only 1.316 seconds long. Their first album, "Scum", caused a lot of change in the metal community. It had many songs that were about 20-60 seconds long.


Chuck Schuldiner

Charles Michael "Chuck" Schuldiner (May 13, 1967 – December 13, 2001) was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He was a key member of the death metal band, Death. The band were a major influence on other death metal bands. He is often called " 'the Father of Death metal' " He died of pneumonia in 2001 after having brain cancer. 

Randy Orton

Randall Keith "Randy" Orton (born April 1, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to the WWE.

In 1998, Orton decided to enlist with the United States Marine Corps. While he was at the base, he received a bad conduct discharge a year later after he went AWOL on two different occasions and disobeyed an order from a commanding officer. Orton was tried and convicted under a special court-martial and he spent 38 days in a military prison.

In November 2005, Orton announced that he was engaged to his girlfriend Samantha. They got married on 21 September 2007. In December 2007, Orton announced that his wife was pregnant, a daughter due on 15 July 2008. His daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, was born on 12 July 2008.

Orton broke his collarbone in a Last Man Standing match at the One Night Stand event in 2008 against Triple H, and hurt it again in a motorcycle accident.

Randy Orton debuted in a 2002 edition of Smackdown against Hardcore Holly. He won the match by rolling up him. In the WWE Draft he was then drafted to Raw. Randy Orton, along with Triple H, Batista and Ric Flair formed the group Evolution. Randy Orton won the World Heavyweight Title from Chris Benoit at Summerslam 2004, but the night after Randy Orton was kicked out of Evolution. At Unforgiven, he lost the World Heavyweight Title to Triple H in a No Disqualification match. At Wrestlemania 21, he was unsuccessful in defeating the Undertaker.

The next night on Raw, he stated that his match with the Undertaker had made a shoulder injury worse. When sidelined, he appeared on RAW and stated that he could not get drafted due to injury. He was informed by Vince McMahon that he was indeed eligible for the draft. He returned to Smackdown!. He started his feud with the Undertaker again defeating him at Summerslam in a Casket Match. The following 2 months, he was in the Elimination match at Survivor Series, getting the victory for Team Smackdown. At the event The Undertaker appeared from a flaming casket after Randy Orton "killed" him on an episode of Smackdown. The feud was finally finished in a Hell In A Cell match at Armageddon, where the Undertaker won.

After Armageddeon Randy Orton entered thirtieth and last in the Royal Rumble match. He was eliminated by Rey Mysterio who won the match. Randy Orton asked Mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at No Way Out. In the weeks before No Way Out Randy Orton made comments about Mysterios late friend, Eddie Guerrero who had recently died in November. Randy won at No Way Out therefore getting him the title shot. General Manager Thedore Long set up a Triple Threat match at Wrestlemania 22 between him, Mysterio and Kurt Angle. Mysterio pinned Angle and won the World Heavyweight Title.

On 23 July RAW it was announced that Orton would face Cena in a title match at Summerslam. Orton lost to Cena at Summerslam. The next night on RAW he demanded that the RAW GM William Regal give him a WWE Title rematch. At No Mercy Mr.McMahon awarded Orton the WWE Title as Cena was injured the previous week. However in the opening match Triple H defeated him for the title.

Later in the night Orton defeated Triple H in a Last Man Standing match to become a 2 time WWE Champion in 1 night. On 8 October RAW, Shawn Micheals returned and performed Sweet Chin Music on Orton. The 2 met in a title match at Cyber Sunday. In the match Orton gave Shawn Micheals a low blow and retained his title. At Survivor Series, they met in a rematch and the stipulation was that if Micheals hit Sweet Chin Music he would never get another title shot and if Orton got disqualified he would lose the tile. Orton preformed the RKO on Micheals and pinned him to defend the title.

He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble. John Cena returned and won the 2008 Royal Rumble. Instead of facing the champ at Wrestlemania Orton faced Cena for the title at No Way Out. Orton intententionally got himself disqualifed thus retained the title. At Wrestlemania 24 Orton faced John Cena and Triple H. He won the match. The next month at Backlash, Orton faced Triple H, John Cena and JBL in a Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match for the title. He was pinned by Triple H. After losing at Judgement Day Orton faced Triple H at One Night Stand and broke his collarbone.
Just before he made his return Orton reinjured himself in a motorcycle accident. At Unforgiven Orton, Cody Rhodes, Ted Dibiase and Manu cost World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk his title in a title match. He made his in ring return by losing to CM Punk by Disqualification when Ted Dibiase interfered. On 1 December episode of RAW he made an alliance with Cody Rhodes Ted DiBiase and Manu called Legacy He began 2009 by winning the 2009 Royal Rumble. At the 25th Anniversary of Wrestlemania Orton lost to Triple H in a title match. He punted each member of the McMahon family before beating Triple H in a 6 man tag team match for the title. He intentionally disqualified himself at Judgement Day to retain the WWE Title. At Extreme Rules he was beaten by Batista for the title. The next night on RAW Batista vacated the WWE Title due to an injury and Orton won it in the main event. He challenged John Cena to a title match and the stip was if he won he gets the title and if he loses he must quit RAW for good. He lost to John Cena in a I Quit Match at the Breaking Point pay per view. The next month at Hell In A Cell Orton defeated Cena in a Hell In A Cell match to win the title back. At Bragging Rights Orton and Cena were tied 5-5 in an Ironman match with only few seconds remaining. Suddenly John Cena locked Orton in the STFU and Orton tapped and lost the title.

On 11 January episode of RAW he won a Triple Threat Match with the help of Rhodes and DiBiase to get a Title shot at the Royal Rumble. At the Royal Rumble Rhodes disqualified Orton by interfering. Orton responded by attacking them. He got disqualified in a rematch. He won a spot in the Elimination Chamber. In that match Rhodes passed DiBiase a pipe and he hit Orton with it and eliminated him. At Wrestlemania XXVI he defeated Rhodes and Dibiase in a Triple Threat Match.

Orton was chosen to face Jack Swagger for the World Heavyweight Title in an Extreme Rules match. He lost. On the special RAW draft show Orton was in a Triple Threat match to determine the #1 contender to John Cena's title and his opponent at Over the Limit. Orton lost when Edge speared him. Orton and Edge fought to a double count out at Over the Limit. Orton was supposed to face Batista for a spot in the fatal 4 way match for the WWE Title at Fatal 4 Way PPV but Batista quit and Orton was automatically qualified. The season 1 NXT Rookies interfered in the Fatal 4 Way and cost Orton the match. At the Money In The Bank pay per view he was in the RAW money in the bank match but came up short. On RAW he won a chance to challenge Sheamus for the WWE Title at Summerslam. He lost to Edge on RAW. The next week he beat the Miz on RAW. At Night of Champions he won the WWE Championship after beating Sheamus, Wade Barrett, John Cena, Edge and Chris Jericho in a six pack challenge. At Hell in a Cell he retained the title to Sheamus.

Atonement

Atonement is an idea found in both Christianity and Judaism that describes how sin can be forgiven by God. In Judaism, this was done by rituals performed by the High Priest on the holiest day of the Jewish year: Yom Kippur (Day of Atonement). In Christian theology the atonement refers to the forgiving or pardoning of sins through the death of Jesus Christ.

Mark Henry

Mark Henry (born June 12, 1971) is an American professional wrestler, powerlifter, weightlifter, and strongman. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) where he works as a commentator, coach, and talent scout. Henry is also known for his time in the WWE, where he worked for 25 years.

Henry also competed at the Olympics in 1992 and 1996. He won a gold, silver, and bronze medal at the 1995 Pan American Games. Since 1995, Henry has held the record for squat, deadlift, and total, as the USAPL American record in deadlift. He won the Arnold Strongman Classic in 2002. He was inducted into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2012.

During his time in the WWE, Henry was a one-time ECW Champion, one-time World Heavyweight Champion, and one-time European Champion. In 2018, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Big Show. He also had a gimmick in the WWE called the "Hall of Pain". Henry would beat wrestlers up and in some cases, crush their leg in a steel chair to induct them into the Hall of Pain.

On May 30, 2021, Henry made his debut for All Elite Wrestling at Double or Nothing. AEW hired him to be a coach and commentator for their "Rampage" show.


Cold War Kids

The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band. The members are Nathan Willett (lead vocalist, piano, guitar), Jonnie Russel (guitar, vocal, percussion), Matt Maust (bass guitar), and Matt Aveiro (drums). They met and formed the band in Long Beach, California, US.

They released their first album, "Robbers and Cowards", in 2006. Their second album, "Loyalty to Loyalty", was released in September 2008.





Of Mice and Men

Of Mice and Men is a novella (short novel) written by John Steinbeck. It was published in 1937. The story is a tragedy about two ranch workers called George Milton and Lennie Small. It takes place in the 1930s, in California, United States.

The book is based on Steinbeck's experiences of being a ranch worker. The title of the book is taken from a poem by Robert Burns called "To a Mouse". When the novella was published, it was very popular and it became a best seller. It was chosen by the Book-of-the-Month Club. "Of Mice and Men" is often banned in schools because of the bad language, racism, questionable morality and violence. It is on the American Library Association's list of the "Most Challenged Books of the 21st Century".


"Of Mice and Men" is a story about friendship and loneliness. It also talks about the American Dream: the hope that in America, anyone can become rich or famous if they work hard.

"Of Mice and Men" was made into a movie several times, the first in 1939, only two years after the publication of the novel. This version of "Of Mice and Men" stars Lon Chaney Jr. as Lennie, Burgess Meredith as George, and was directed by Lewis Milestone. It was nominated for four Oscars. In 1981 it was made into a TV movie. This version stars Randy Quaid as Lennie, Robert Blake as George, Ted Neeley as Curley, and was directed by Reza Badiyi. The most recent movie version of "Of Mice and Men" (1992) was directed by Gary Sinise (who also played the part of George). He was nominated for the Palme d'Or at Cannes. The role of Lennie, was played by John Malkovich. Both men had played these roles on stage in the 1980 Steppenwolf Theatre Company production.

Europe (band)

Europe is an American-Swedish rock band. The band was started by Joey Tempest and John Norum in 1979. Their song "The Final Countdown" was a big hit in 1986.

Europe took a break in 1992, but came back in 2003.



Samuel Goldwyn

Samuel Goldwyn (August 27, 1882 (claimed but most likely July 1879) – January 31, 1974) was a Polish-American movie producer who made a lot of movies in America.

He was born in Warsaw, Poland. His parents died when he was young. He first moved to London, then New York. In New York he worked in a glove factory, then as a glove salesman. After this, he helped his brother-in-law to make movies.

He started the Goldwyn Pictures Corporation in 1917. This became part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1924.

Some of his famous movies are Wuthering Heights (1939), The Best Years of Our Lives (1946) and Porgy and Bess (1959).

He often said things that people remembered, such as:
His sayings are called "Goldwynisms".


Edge (wrestler)

Adam Joseph Copeland (born October 30, 1973 in Orangeville, Ontario) is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he performs as Adam Copeland. He became famous in the World Wrestling Federation/WWE under the ring name Edge. In WWE he became an an 11-time world champion and won 14 tag team championships (seven of those teaming with his real life friend Christian).

He was forced into early retirement from professional wrestling in 2011 due to a injury to his neck. Copeland was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on March 31, 2012 by his best friend and tag team partner Christian. During his retirement, Copeland has appeared on the Syfy series "Haven" where he played the character Dwight Hendrickson.

Edge made a shocking return to wrestling on January 26, 2020 at WWE's Royal Rumble, in the namesake Royal Rumble match. He then started a feud with his former tag team partner Randy Orton. In 2021, he became the third man to win the Royal Rumble match from the first position. In 2022, Edge turned heel and created the stable Judgment Day, adding Damian Priest and Rhea Ripley. After being attacked by them and removed from the group later that year, Edge feuded with them and their new members Finn Bálor and Dominik Mysterio. He left WWE in September 2023, after 25 years in the company.

On October 1, 2023 at WrestleDream, Copeland made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He rescued Sting from a beatdown from Christian Cage, Nick Wayne, and Luchasaurus. In the post-event media scrum, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that Copeland had signed a contract to compete full-time. 

On the October 10 episode of "Dynamite", Copeland made his AEW in-ring debut. He defeated Luchasaurus to also get his first victory in AEW.

At Worlds End, Copeland would defeat Christian Cage in a no disqualification match to win the AEW TNT Championship, his first title in a big company outside WWE. Minutes after the match, Cage would immediately use the title shot that was earned by Killswitch earlier on the pre-show and Copeland would lose the title back to Cage.





Book of Tobit

The Book of Tobit (or Book of Tobias) is a book of biblical scripture that is part of the Catholic and Orthodox biblical canon, put forward by the Council of Carthage of 397 and confirmed for Roman Catholics by the Council of Trent (1546). It's listed in "Article VI" of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England. 

Likely written in the second century BC in Palestine, Tobit is regarded by Protestants as apocryphal. Also, it has never been included within the Tanakh (also known as Old Testament) as canonical by ancient Judaism. However, it is found in the Greek Old Testament (the Septuagint), and Aramaic and Hebrew fragments of the book were discovered in Cave IV at Qumran in 1952. 

Tobit goes blind and feels hopeless, but recovers his sight through the advice of an Angel called Raphael. Also mentioned is Tobit's son called Tobias, who is traveling eastward to collect money, accompanied by the Angel, Raphael, who tells Tobit of a woman named Sarah who is looking to get married. Her earlier marriages were not completed because shortly beforehand the man would always die mysteriously, which saddens Sarah. This time, though, the man does not die and in the end Tobias and Sarah are happily married. The story of Tobit is important for its teaching about guardian angels and for the need to always remain loyal to God during difficult times.

Forbidden City

The Forbidden City, now known as the Palace Museum, is a large historical palace and an art museum in the historical center of Beijing, China. The site is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is very important to the history and architecture of China. The Forbidden City was the palace of the Emperor of China from the Ming Dynasty to the end of the Qing Dynasty. For almost 500 years, it was as the home of emperors and their houses, as well as the ceremonial and political center of Chinese government. 

The name "Forbidden City" is a translation of the Chinese name "Zijin Cheng" (). The name "Zijin Cheng" was used for the first time in 1576. Another English name for Zijin Cheng is "Forbidden Palace". The word "Zi" means "purple" in Chinese. It means the North Star. This is because in ancient China it was called the "Ziwei" Star. In Chinese astrology the North Star was the home of the Celestial Emperor. Because the Forbidden City was the home of the emperor on Earth, the Chinese thought that it was Earth's equivalent of the "Ziwei" Star. "Jin" means "Forbidden" in Chinese. This was because no one was allowed to go in or out of the palace without the emperor's permission. "Cheng" means city.

The Chinese don't call the Forbidden Palace "Zijin Cheng" anymore. They call it "Gùgōng" (故宫) now. This means the "Former Palace". The museum that is in the Forbidden City is called the "Palace Museum" ().

After Zhu Di became the Yongle Emperor, the capital of China was moved from Nanjing to Beijing. In 1406 construction began on the Forbidden City. The construction of the palace went on for over 14 years and more than a million workers had to work on building it. (1406-1420)


List of rivers of Pakistan

This is a list of rivers in Pakistan

The following rivers are tributaries of the Indus River:


























Book of Zechariah

The Book of Zechariah is a book of the Bible found in the Old Testament and the Jewish Tanakh thought to be written by the prophet Zechariah. The name "Zechariah" means "God remembered." We don't know much about Zechariah. The book itself tells us only that his grandfather was Iddo, a priest who returned with Zerubbabel from Babylon. 

Chapters 1 to 6, written in 520 BC, start by telling the nation's history as a warning to the people. Then come eight visions, which show more about the history of Israel. These are to give the people hope. We are then told about the crowning of Jeshua/Joshua the priest. This showed that their religion was being restored. Then Zechariah tells that the kingdoms of the world will someday become the kingdom of God's Messiah. 

Chapters 7 and 8 were written two years later. The people were keeping days of sorrow to remind them of the loss of their city 70 years ago. They are told that now they can now have days to celebrate the return home and can be assured that now God is with them and will make them happy.

Chapters 9 to 11 tell of a future time when the nations around them would be destroyed by an army, but Jerusalem would be kept from destruction. This seems to have been talking about the coming of Alexander the Great with his army which happened in 332 BC. Tyre was taken by building a land bridge from the shore to the island city which was thought to be safe from capture. He also destroyed the city of Gaza. But Alexander did not destroy Jerusalem when he came there. Zechariah said that after these wars the Messiah would come. 

Chapters 12 to 14 tell about the glories that await Israel in "the latter day", the final conflict and triumph of God's kingdom.

Most Christians read the predictions in chapters 7 to 14 as talking about Jesus, either directly or indirectly. These chapters helped the writers of the Gospels understand Jesus’ suffering, death and resurrection, which they quoted as they wrote of Jesus’ final days. One of these quotes is from Chapter 9, verse 9, "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, your King comes unto you: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon a donkey." All four Gospels tell of Jesus riding into Jerusalem on a donkey and two of them say that Zechariah told of this ahead of time. 

Book of Zephaniah

The Book of Zephaniah is a book of the Bible and is thought to be written by “Zephaniah son of Cushi son of Gedaliah son of Amariah son of Hezekiah, in the days of King Josiah son of Amon of Judah”.

The book begins by telling of God's judgement on the Kingdom of Judah. Three times God says "I will sweep away" in Chapter 1 verses 1 and 2. This tells of total destruction. In the Bible repeating three times makes the warning stronger. The mention in Chapter 1 verse 2 of "humans and animals ... the birds ... the fish" reverses the creation order in Genesis Chapter 1 verse 28, showing the creation is being undone. "From the face of the earth" is a reference to the Genesis flood story in Genesis, where it also tells of an undoing of creation. This is very strong language of the coming destruction because of the sins of the people, corruption and injustice. 

In chapter 2, Zephaniah also warns of punishment for many of the surrounding nations. These will also be destroyed. The nations mentioned include Philistia, Moab, Ammon,Cush and Assyria.

In Chapter 3, as is common in prophetic literature in the Bible, a "remnant" survives God's judgement in Zephaniah by humbly seeking refuge in God. The book ends in with hope and joy, as God "bursts forth in joyful divine celebration" over his people.
They will return and all the nations will rejoice over this. 

Song of Songs

The Song of Songs is a book of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh, and also in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. It is one of the five "megillot" (scrolls). The Song of Songs is also known as the Song of Solomon or as Canticle of Canticles. It is known as "Aisma" in the Septuagint, which is short for ῏Αισμα ᾀσμάτων, "Aisma aismatôn", "Song of Songs" in Greek.

Verse 1 seems to show that the author is Solomon, since it says that it is "Solomon's Song of Songs", but this could also just mean a song "for" or "about" Solomon. So, who the author of Song of Songs was is still an often-discussed question.

If Solomon wrote it, it was probable that it was written in around the tenth century B.C. when Solomon was king. In fact, the mention of the cities of Tirzah and Jerusalem so close together (6:4) has been used to say that it was written before King Omri (885-874 B.C.), even though people still do not know exactly why Tirzah was talked about. However, many have also said that the language in the Song of Songs is proof of it being written much later.

Most people think that the similarity of language, style, tone (mood), perspective, and repeated words show that it was written by one author. But others who do not think the Song was written by one person, or even from one time or place, say that this was because all of the Song's parts came from the same literary tradition.


Book of Isaiah

The Book of Isaiah (, "Sefer Y'sha'yah") is a book of the Bible thought to be written by the Prophet Isaiah, who lived in the second half of the 8th century BC. The Book of Isaiah contains many prophecies about ancient Israel, its people, and its enemies. Tradition says that all 66 chapters of the book were written by Isaiah, but other theories say that some chapters were written by one or more other people. This is mainly because they were about a later period and the text doesn't mention Isaiah after Chapter 39.

Isaiah, the son of Amoz lived in the Kingdom of Judah during the time of four kings from the mid to late 8th-century BCE. During this time, Assyria was growing to the west from what is now Iraq towards the Mediterranean, destroying first Aram (modern Syria) in 734–732 BCE, then the Kingdom of Israel in 722–721, and Judah in 701.

The defeat of Jerusalem by Babylon and the exile of its top people in 586 BCE followed. Chapters 40 to 55 are given to the Jews in exile, telling them about the hope of return. This was the time of king Cyrus the Great – in 559 BCE he became ruler of a small kingdom in what is today Iran. By 540 he ruled a big empire from the Mediterranean to Central Asia, and in 539 he conquered Babylon. Isaiah's predictions of the fall of Babylon and his talk about the glory of Cyrus as one who would help Israel mean these prophecies are about the period of 550–539 BCE.

The Persians ended the Jewish exile, and by 515 BCE some of the exiles had returned to Jerusalem and rebuilt the Temple. This is what the final chapters of Isaiah are about. 

The first 39 chapters are messages about how God will judge his people for their sins including sacrifice and war. All of the countries nearby are also to be judged. Mixed with this are promises of God helping those who obey Him.

Chapters 40-57 tell about how God will deliver and comfort His people. This will include the coming of a Messiah who will suffer for others. This will bring forgiveness and blessing. King Cyrus is said to be God's servant also to bring about the release of the Jews from exile in Persia. 

Chapters 58-66 tell about a future time of peace when all will be well. 

Judiasm

Isaiah was one of the most popular works in the time from the building of the Second Temple c. 515 BCE to its destruction by the Romans in 70 CE. Isaiah's "shoot [which] will come up from the stump of Jesse" is mentioned in the Psalms of Solomon and Jewish books about the end of the world. They thought it refereed to a/the messiah and the messianic age. A very important part of Isaiah was the Songs of the Suffering Servant from Isaiah 42, 49, 50 and 52. God calls upon his servant to lead the nations. He is treated badly but sacrifices himself in accepting the punishment due others, and is finally rewarded. 

Christianity

The earliest Christians interpreted Isaiah 52:13–53:12,as a prophecy of the death and victory of Jesus, a role which Jesus himself accepted according to Luke 4:17–21. Isaiah was held so high that the book was called "the Fifth Gospel". Isaiah is said to be the prophet who spoke more clearly of Christ and the Church than any others. Quotes from the book came into English literature and to Western culture in general. Some of the text was included in Handel's musical masterpiece "Messiah" and in everyday phrases as "swords into plowshares (making weapons into farming tools)" and "voice in the wilderness" meaning someone whose advice is not taken.

(Isaiah chapter 40 verse 28 Good News)

Book of Nehemiah

The Book of Nehemiah is a book of the Hebrew Bible, thought to be a continuation of the Book of Ezra, and is sometimes called the second book of Ezra. It is thought to be written by Nehemiah. It is about the return from exile and the rebuilding of Jerusalem. The Book talks about the struggles the Israelites face, such as when they rebuild the walls of the city, non-Israelite people are angry. Another problem is the fact that people are not obeying Jewish law.

Book of Obadiah

The Book of Obadiah is found in the Hebrew Bible and the Old Testament of the Christian Bible where it is the shortest book, only one chapter long. It is thought to have been written by a person named Obadiah, which means “servant (or worshipper) of the Lord”. Obadiah probably wrote the book sometime between 850 and 550 B.C.

The message of Obadiah is given to Edom, a country which was made up of descendants of Esau, who was the twin brother of Jacob. Jacob is also called Israel and is the ancestor of the Jewish people. When foreign armies attacked Israel, the people of Edom did not come to their aid, but instead took many things that had belonged to them. Obadiah said that God would destroy the Edomites because of this. The Edomites lived in a city that was protected by mountains. They also had other nations who were their allies in warfare. They were proud of their wise leaders. None of these things could protect them from defeat. Obadiah said that God would give Israel back some lands including the land of the Edomites. Edom no longer exists as a country. Part of what was Edom is now in the kingdom of Jordan. The ruins of their capitol city Petra is a tourist attraction. 

Book of Nahum

The Book of Nahum is a book in the Bible's Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh.

We don't know much about who Nahum was. His name means "comforter", and he was from the town of Elkosh or Alqosh (Nahum 1:1), which may have been a town of northern Galilee. He was a Hebrew and may have written from Jerusalem a short time before the downfall of Assyria

Nahum wrote about the final destruction of Nineveh, the capital of the great Assyrian empire. Ashurbanipal the king was at the height of his glory. Nineveh was a large city, and was then the center of the civilization and trade of the world. Jonah had given a warning, and Nahum was followed by Zephaniah, who also told about (Zephaniah 2:4–15) the destruction of the city. The book of Jonah shows us that God had a loving concern for the people of Nineveh, while Nahum tells about the righteousness and justice of God. He says God will punish the Assyrians because of "their cruelty" (Nahum 3:19). Nineveh was burned by fire around 625 BC, after which the Assyrian empire soon came to an end. That made big changes in the political and commercial fate of many in Asia.

Chapter one shows the majesty and might of the LORD God and His goodness and severity.

Chapters two and three tell about the final fall of Nineveh, which took place in 612 BC. Nahum tells about a war and how Nineveh's army tries to stop the invaders. Nahum uses poetry to write as if he were in the battle, giving commands to the soldiers. He uses irony by mentioning the lion as an Assyrian symbol of power; Nineveh is the strong lion with a den full of dead prey but will become weak like the lion hiding in its den. The book ends with a song about the soon destruction of Nineveh and the death of the Assyrian people and end of the once great Assyrian rulers.

Nahum shows God to be slow to anger, but that God will by not ignore the guilty but will bring them to justice. God is presented as a God who will punish evil, but will protect those who trust in Him. 

Book of Micah

The Book of Micah (Hebrew: ספר מיכה) is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Old Testament. 
Scholars believe it was written by Micah the prophet, about 700 years before Jesus was born. Chapter 1 verse 5 says Micah was from Moresheth (a town in southern Judah). He lived during the reigns of Yehotam, Ahaz and Hezekiah, roughly 750–700 BC.

During this time, after a long period of peace, Israel, Judah, and the other nations of the region were threatened by the Neo-Assyrian empire. Micah warns that there would be a military defeat as punishment for worshiping idols and treating poor people badly by the powerful. This happened to the kingdom of Israel (Samaria) in 721 and to the kingdom of Judah (Jerusalem) about 100 years later. The book contains three cycles of warning about punishment and promise of restoration. 

The book of Micah is quoted by the New Testament writer Matthew in chapter 2, verses 5 and 6 


Jesus quotes Micah chapter 7 verse 6, to say that families will be divided by His message:


Modern preachers have often quoted Micah Chapter 6, verse 8

Book of Joel

The Book of Joel is part of the Jewish Tanakh, and also the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. Joel describes a plague of locusts in Palestine. 

It is hard to know when the Book of Joel was written since the events told about could have happened at any point in time between 850 and 400 BC. Most modern students of the Bible believe the locusts were real insects that destroyed the crops, leaving the people hungry. Others think they are a picture of big armies that will invade the land and destroy. They can also be both things, one past, the other future. Joel calls on the leaders and people to turn from their sins and ask God to forgive them. God promises to do that both at that time and in the future whenever similar punishments are needed.

The phrase "day of the Lord" is used by Joel to refer to a period when God will punish, but then forgive his people.
Peter, one of Jesus' followers, talked about some verses from Joel to describe what happened on the day of Pentecost when Christians believe that the Holy Spirit was given and Christians talked about Jesus in languages they had never learned. This led to many people becoming Christians. This is found in the Book of Acts in the New Testament

The great army of locusts advances like darkness spreading over the mountains (2:2)

Book of Hosea

The Book of Hosea is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and of the Christian Old Testament.
The book was written roughly between 760 and 720 BC and is about a man who was told by God to marry a woman who would not live with him as she should have done. Even though Hosea brought her back to his house and had some children with her, she kept leaving him and going away to other men. Hosea was told that his story was a picture of the way God's people treated God, by going after other gods (idols) even though God wanted them to stay with Him and love Him. 

Book of Haggai

The Book of Haggai is a book of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible) and of the Old Testament, written by the prophet Haggai. It was written in 520 BCE, some 18 years after Cyrus had taken the kingdom of Babylon and made a law in 538 BCE, so that the captive Jews could return to Judea. 

Cyrus also wanted the temple in Jerusalem to be built, so that the worship there could be begun again. Haggai told the people to begin to rebuild second Jerusalem temple. Haggai said that a recent drought was because of the people's refusal to rebuild the temple, which he sees as key to Jerusalem’s glory. 

He said that Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, was the Lord’s chosen leader. Haggai writes that three weeks after his first warning, the rebuilding of the Temple began on September 7 521 BCE. "They came and began to work on the house of the LORD Almighty, their God, on the twenty-fourth day of the sixth month in the second year of Darius the King. 

This is in Chapter 1 verses 14 and 15. The Book of Ezra says that it was finished on February 25 516 BCE "The Temple was completed on the third day of the month Adar, in the sixth year of the reign of King Darius." (Ezra Chapter 6, verse 15) After this Haggai said that God would bless the people. (Chapter 2, verse 18-19) The book ends by telling about the future downfall of other kingdoms.

Book of Habakkuk

The Book of Habakkuk is the eighth book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible. It is thought to be written by the prophet Habakkuk, in the late 7th century BC. In the first part of the book Habakkuk is talking with God about why people are allowed to do evil things. God tells him that He is going to allow the army from Babylon to come and defeat the people of Israel. This is to punish them for their sins of turning from God and treating people badly. Habakkuk then asks God why he would use the evil nation of Babylon to punish His own people. God replies that the people of Babylon will also later be punished. In the end Habakkuk accepts God's actions as good and responds with faith. 

Several verses in the book are well known. Chapter 2, verse 4 says "the just shall live by faith". This verse was used by Saint Paul in two of his letters and also by the writer of the letter to the Hebrews in the New Testament to show that we are accepted by God when we have faith in Him and this leads to right living. At the end of Chapter 3, Habakkuk states that even if all his crops and animals die and he is left poor, he will be glad in God who saves him. This is similar to what Job said when bad things happened to him. 

Book of Ezra

The Book of Ezra is a book of the Bible in the Old Testament and Hebrew Tanakh. It details the return of the Jewish people from their exile in Babylon in the second half of the sixth century BC and the struggles they had. These include having to rebuild their previously destroyed temple and people failing to obey Jewish religious commandments. 

The words that start Nehemiah 1:1, "The words of Nehemiah son of Hacaliah", shows that Ezra and Nehemiah were at first two different works. However, they were put together as one in the earliest Hebrew manuscripts. Josephus and the Jewish Talmud talk about the book of Ezra but not a different book of Nehemiah. The oldest manuscripts of the Septuagint also treat Ezra and Nehemiah as one book.

Origen (A.D. 185–253) is the first writer to treat the books as different works. He called them I Ezra and II Ezra. In translating the Latin Vulgate, Jerome called Nehemiah the second book of Esdrae (Ezra). The English translations by Wycliffe (1382) and Coverdale (1535) also called Ezra "I Esdras" and Nehemiah "II Esdras". The same separation first came out in a Hebrew manuscript in 1448.

Aberdeen railway station

Aberdeen railway station is a railway station in Aberdeen, Scotland, UK. It first opened in 1867.

Railway stations of Aberdeen

Aberdeen railway station can mean one of the railway stations in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland — only the one now named simply Aberdeen railway station is still in existence:



Thomas Friedman

Thomas Lauren Friedman (born July 20, 1953) is an American journalist.

Friedman is known for supporting a compromise resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, modernization of the Arab world, environmentalism and globalization. Although an early supporter of the invasion of Iraq, he later became an outspoken critic of the war and the Bush administration.

Mark Bosnich

Mark John Bosnich (born 13 January 1972) is an Australian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. 

Aston Villa

Manchester United

Australia

Individual

Dario Gradi

Dario Gradi is a football manager. He manages Crewe Alexandra.

Rio Ferdinand

Rio Gavin Ferdinand (born 7 November 1978) is a retired English football player. He is now a pundit for BT Sport. 

On 8 November 2022, he was given a Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his service of sport and charities.

West Ham United

Manchester United

Individual



Jack Charlton

Jack Charlton (8 May 1935 – 10 July 2020) was an English former footballer and manager. He played for England national team.

His younger brother was Bobby Charlton.

He died on 10 July 2020 in Northumberland at the age of 85. He had dementia and lymphoma.

Leeds United

England

Individual

Middlesbrough

Sheffield Wednesday

Republic of Ireland

Individual

Billy Wright

William Ambrose Wright, commonly known as Billy Wright, CBE (6 February 1924 – 3 September 1994), was an English footballer who played as a centre half. He spent all of his club career at Wolverhampton Wanderers.

490||13
490||13

!Total||105||3

Mick McCarthy

Mick McCarthy (born 7 February 1959) is a former Irish football player. He has played for Republic of Ireland national team. He currently manages Ipswich Town Football Club, having brought them out of relegation in his first season there in 2012.

Barnsley

Manchester City

Celtic

Individual

Sunderland

Wolverhampton Wanderers

Individual

Ali Daei

Ali Daei (born 3 February 1969) is a former Iranian football player. He has played for Iran national team.

143||72
16||10
107||19
25||11
291||112

!Total||149||109

Carsten Ramelow

Carsten Ramelow (born 20 March, 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.

413||28||25||0||65||6||503||33
413||28||25||0||65||6||503||33

!Total||46||3

Geysir

Geysir (sometimes known as The Great Geysir) is a geyser in Iceland. It is in the Haukadalur valley, Iceland. It is the oldest known geyser and one of the world's most impressive ones. The English word "geyser" comes from Geysir. Geysir is on the slopes of Laugarfjall hill at . The Strokkur geyser is about 400 metres south of Geysir.

Eruptions at Geysir can send boiling water up to 60 metres in the air. However, eruptions may be infrequent. In the past, they have in the past stopped altogether for years at a time.

Lens, Pas-de-Calais

Lens is a city in the Pas-de-Calais department of France. Today, about 36.000 people live there. The city has an important history of mining. There is also the Racing Club de Lens, a well-known French soccer team. Paris is 200 km to the south, Lille is 40 km to the north, Douai is 15 km to the east, and Arras is 20 km to the south.

The city is very old, though no one knows exactly how old. Ruins of Ancient Roman settlements have been found.

Music recording sales certification

A music recording sales certification is the award system that a country uses for music sales.

Almost all countries have a type of sales certification, often using RIAA certification categories (such as gold, platinum and diamond). The number of sales that an album needs before it gets an award is different in each country, depending on the population of the country. In some sales certifications, there may be different awards for the type of music recording sold, such as albums, singles, or videos.
United Kingdom

List of music recording sales certifications

The global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on the total units sold. These awards and their sales requirements are defined by the various certifying bodies representing the music industry in various countries and territories worldwide. The standard certification awards given consist of various combinations of Silver, Gold, Platinum, and Diamond awards, in ascending order of sales requirements. In most cases, a "Multi-Platinum" or "Multi-Diamond" award is given for sales in multiples of the Platinum or Diamond sales requirements.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.

"—" denotes that an award is not given by the certifying body.




Canadian Recording Industry Association

Music Canada (formerly The Canadian Recording Industry Association) is a non-profit trade organization that was founded in 1964 to represent the interests of Canadian companies that create, manufacture and market sound recordings in Canada. The organization is based in Toronto.

CRIA is governed by a board of directors who are elected annually by CRIA members. To be eligible for election a candidate for the board must be among the chief executive officers of member companies of the organization. Graham Henderson (Universal Music Canada) is the current president of the CRIA.

The CRIA certifications for albums are:

Note: Multi-Platinum refers to how many times the album has reached 100,000 units sold.


British Phonographic Industry

The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is the British record industry's trade association. Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all four 'major' record companies (Warner Music Group, EMI, Sony BMG, and Universal Music Group), associate members such as manufacturers and distributors, and hundreds of independent music companies representing literally thousands of labels.
It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to fight copyright infringement.

It founded the annual BRIT Awards for the British music industry, as well as the Mercury Prize for the Album of the Year.

The British Phonographic Industry awards certificates for music releases in Britain. The level of the award varies depending on the format of the release and the number sold. BPI certificates are not automatic; the record company must pay a fee to the BPI and they carry out an audit into the release in question. Certificates are usually awarded on the basis of the number of units the release has shipped, rather than the number it has sold.


Gramophone record

A gramophone record (or just record) is a type of analog storage medium. It stores recorded music (or other sounds). It was popular during most of the 20th century. Gramophone records are played on a phonograph ("record player").

A gramophone record is a flat disk that is usually made of plastic. The sound is recorded on a very fine line or groove which goes around and around in a spiral from the outside edge of the disk to the center. The phonograph plays the sound with a needle that touches the groove. A record usually has different music on each side. When made of vinyl they were also known as vinyl records. Most music made in the 20th century used this format.
Thomas Edison made early phonographs in the 1870s. He originally used tin foil to record the sound. Soon wax cylinders were used in place of the tin foil. The cylinders could be taken off the machine and put back on without destroying the recording. Although discs were made as early as 1888, it was not until 1902 that discs became more popular than cylinder records. Discs were first made of a shellac mixture, and later of polyvinyl chloride, often abbreviated as "vinyl". Singles usually carried only one or two songs or recordings. EPs (extended play records) carried from three to five songs. Albums carried many more recordings; a dozen was normal, or from 30 to 45 minutes of playing time. These formats are still used today, with digital recordings, and playing time for singles and albums has grown considerably.

Vinyl records lost popularity but never went out of production. Now, in recent years vinyl is gaining popularity, while CD record shops have gone out of business, more and more vinyl only record shops are opening. CD and other digital formats have a much higher objective sound quality (closeness to the original) than vinyl, being identical to the original within the limits of human hearing, but many argue the higher subjective (heard by the ear) sound quality of vinyl compared to newer formats. This higher subjective quality comes from changes to the sound caused by the record cutting and pressing process. This sound is very subjective, and not everyone prefers the sound of vinyl over CD.

Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks

Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks (originally called Mainstream Rock Tracks) is a ranking in "Billboard" of the most-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations, a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music but are not modern rock (that is, "alternative") stations, which are counted in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.

1959–60 NHL season

The 1959–60 NHL season was the 43rd season of the National Hockey League. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to none for their fifth straight Stanley Cup. 

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
"Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; GA = Goals against; SO = Shut outs; AVG = Goals against average"
"All dates in 1960"
Chicago Black Hawks vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs

"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"

Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens

"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"

"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Sabellianism

Sabelianism is a position in Christian theology. It is against the idea of the trinity. Sabellianism is also known as modalism, modalistic monarchianism, or modal monarchism. Basically, the teaching says that God has three masks, and humans see him in three different ways, but he is in fact only one. 

Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only person of the Godhead, a belief known as Monarchianism. One author has described Sabellius' teaching: "The true question, therefore, turns on this, viz., what is it which constitutes what we name ‘person’ in the Godhead? Is it original, substantial, essential to divinity itself? Or does it belong to and arise from the exhibitions and developments which the divine Being has made of himself to his creatures? The former Sabellius denied; the latter he fully admitted." 

Modalists say that the only number given to God in the Holy Bible is "One". Christian texts do not explicitley talk about God being "three". The number three is never mentioned in texts talking about God. The number three is the number that is central to the word "Trinity". There is one text known as Comma Johanneum which may be an exception to this. The comma Johanneum is a disputed text passage in First John. The text is mainly known from the King James Version of the Bible and some versions of the Textus Receptus. It is usually not included in modern critical texts. Modalism has been mainly associated with Sabellius, who taught a form of it in Rome in the third century. 

Hippolytus of Rome knew Sabellius personally and mentioned him in the "Philosophumena". He knew Sabellius disliked Trinitarian theology, but he said Modal Monarchism was the heresy of Noetos, not that of Sabellius. 

Christians in Cyrenaica liked Sabellianism, and converted to it. Demetrius, Patriarch of Alexandria, wrote many letters to them arguing against this belief.

The primary critic was Tertullian, who said that they crucified the Father. 

It is important to note that our only sources available for our understanding of Sabellianism are from people who opposed it. Scholars today do not agree what exactly Sabellius or Praxeus taught. It is easy to think Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents.

Tertullian seems to suggest that the majority of believers at that time favoured the Sabellian view of the oneness of God. Epiphanius (Haeres 62) about 375 AD notes that Sabellius still had many followers, both in Mesopotamia and at Rome. The second general council at Constantinople in 533 AD declared the baptism of Sabellius to be invalid, which indicates that Sabellianism was still around.

Sabellianism has been rejected by the majority of Christian churches in favour of Trinitarianism. This was done through the Athanasian Creed, which says that God is three distinct persons. Each one of the three is equal to the others, and eternal in the same way than the other two.

Michael Servetus and Emanuel Swedenborg were scientists of the 16th and 17th century. Some of the tests thy have written seem to suggest that they were in favor of Modalism. Neither of the two describes God as appearing in three modes. Both describe him as the One Divine Person, Jesus Christ, who has a Divine Soul of Love, Divine Mind of Truth, and Divine Body of Activity. Jesus merged his human form with the divine. By doing this, he became entirely One with His Divine Soul from the Father in such a way that the persons could no longer be kept apart. 

Oneness Pentecostalism teaches that the Father (a spirit) is united with Jesus (a man) as the Son of God. However, Oneness Pentecostalism is very different from Sabellianism, because it rejects sequential modalism. They teach that God was fully God and fully man. 

Oneness Pentecostalism and Sabellianism can be compared to each other, because they are both Notrinitarian. There may be several differences between both positions though.

It is difficult to find out what Sabellianism really taught, because all that is left today are the texts of those who were against it. All of his original works were burned. The following excerpts which demonstrate some of the known doctrinal characteristics of ancient Sabellians may be seen to compare with the doctrines in the modern Oneness movement:

Tritheism

Tritheism is the belief that there are three distinct, powerful gods, who form a triad. Generally three gods are believed to have separate powers and separate supreme beings or spheres of influence but working together. In this respect tritheism differs from dualism, which typically envisages two opposed Divine powers in conflict with one another.

There is no group that claims to believe in or teach tritheism. The term is solely used as an accusation against others, somewhat similar to the usage of the word "cult", in accusing a group of holding an alternate or distorted view of the Christian doctrine of Trinity. The main branches consider tritheism heretical.

Book of Jeremiah

The Book of Jeremiah, or Jeremiah (, Yirməyāhū), is part of the Hebrew Bible, Judaism's Tanakh, and later became a part of Christianity's Old Testament.

Jeremiah began began his work in the thirteenth year of king Josiah (about 627 BC) and finished in the eleventh year of king Zedekiah (586 BC), when Jerusalem went into exile. During this period, Josiah reformed their religion, Babylon destroyed Assyria and Egypt briefly made Judah their subject. Then Babylon defeated Egypt and made Judah their subject (605 BC). Judah revolted several times and after the final time, Babylon destroyed Jerusalem and its Temple and took away its king and many of the leading people in 586 BC.

Besides his written warnings, Jeremiah did some strange things to call attention to his message:

Jeremiah's name is found in the Chronicles and the Book of Ezra, both written after the exile. He said that the exile would last 70 years. This was mentioned in the Book of Daniel. 

Christians believe that Jesus was a suffering prophet and that this was like what happened to Jeremiah in chapters 37–44, as well as to the suffering servant described in the book of Isaiah Chapter 53. 

Book of Lamentations

The Book of Lamentations ("Eikha", ʾēḫā(h)) is a book of the Bible Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh. It is traditionally read by the Jewish people on Tisha B'Av, the fast day that commemorates the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem.

In the Coptic Orthodox Church, the book's third chapter is chanted on the twelfth hour of the Good Friday service, that commemorates the burial of Jesus.

The book has been thought to be the work of Jeremiah by Jews from 200 B.C. and by Christians from 400 A.D. The book itself does not tell who wrote it, so the author is uncertain. It is a series of sad poems about the destruction of Jerusalem. 

Beginning with the reality of disaster, Lamentations ends with the thought that God may have finally rejected Israel (chapter 5:22). The poet says that this suffering is a just punishment, still God is held to have had choice over whether to act in this way and at this time. Hope arises from remembering God's past goodness. The poem says that the mercies of Yahweh (the God of Israel) never end, but are new every morning (3:22–33).

The book was written in Hebrew. That language has 22 letters in its alphabet. Each of the verses in chapters 1, 2 and 4 start with the next letter of the alphabet. In Chapter 3 groups of 3 verses also start with the same letters. That is why chapters 1,2 and 4 have 22 verses and chapter 3 has 66 verses. Chapter 5 also has 22 verses, but does not follow the method of using a different letter for each verse. This type of structure is called an acrostic and may have been used as an aid to memory. 

Book of Ezekiel

The Book of Ezekiel, Hebrew: ספר יחזקאל , is a book of the Hebrew Bible and of the Old Testament. It is named after the prophet Ezekiel.

The book begins with a vision of beings with 4 heads surrounded by rings adorned with eyes. Then, God appears to Ezekiel and instructed him to warn the Israelites who at the time, were religiously rebellious. Another well known dream that the prophet saw was a valley full of dry bones that came to life when the prophet spoke to them. This was to show that God would bring life back to the people who were being punished by being taken captive by Babylon These two stories have been made into songs.

The prophet did some strange things to warn the people that they were going to be punished for a time because they had not been faithful to God as he had told them to.

It deals among others with the revival of the Jewish people and the Land of Israel (chapters 36-37), with the war of Gog and Magog against Israel (chapters 38-39), the new Jewish temple (chapters 40-47), and the determination of the boundaries of the land and also the division of the land among the tribes of Israel (chapters 47-48).

Book of Daniel

The Book of Daniel (דניאל), originally written in Hebrew and Aramaic, is a book in both the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) and the Christian Old Testament. 

The book says that Daniel is its writer in several places, such as 9:2 and 10:2. Jesus warned his disciples about coming events when he talked about " 'the abomination that causes desolation', spoken of through the prophet Daniel". The book was probably completed shortly after Cyrus captured Babylon in 539.

The Book of Daniel has two main parts. Chapters 1-6 tell stories about Daniel and his three friends who were taken from the land of Israel to Babylon. They were told to stop worshiping their God and instead follow the gods of Babylon or the king. When they would not obey, God saved them by doing miracles. The two most well known of these stories are when three of Daniel's friends are put in a hot furnace, but are unharmed when a forth man appears to help them. Another story is about Daniel being put into a den of lions because he would not stop praying to his God, but the hungry lions did not eat him. Daniel said that God had "shut the mouth of the lions". 

We get the English saying, "He saw the handwriting on the wall" from another story in Chapter 5 where the king was having a party and a hand appeared and wrote some strange words on the wall. Daniel was able to tell the king that this meant that he was about to be killed and another king would take his place. We use this phrase "handwriting on the wall" to mean that someone sees that something bad is about to happen or something good is about to end.

The second part of the Book of Daniel (Chapters 7-12) tell about dreams and visions that Daniel had that told about world history and also about things that would happen in the future. The main point of these visions was that God would win out over all of the kingdoms of the world. Many things that Daniel saw are later mentioned in the New Testament book of Revelation.

In Chapter 9 Daniel tells of 70 weeks that were about the future. Bible scholars believe that each week represents 7 years and so it refers to 490 years, (70 times 7 years). Daniel says that after that time Messiah would be "cut off". Christians think this may refer to the time Jesus was killed. Understanding the detailed meaning of the 70 weeks prophesy has puzzled many Bible scholars and there are many opinions.

Book of Amos

The Book of Amos is one of the books of the Nevi'im (Hebrew: "prophets") and of the Christian Old Testament. Amos is one of the minor prophets.

Amos lived during the time of two other prophets,Hosea and Isaiah, around 750 BC while Jeroboam was king of Israel and Uzziah was king of Judah. Amos lived in the kingdom of Judah but preached in the northern Kingdom of Israel. He wrote about social justice, God's power, judgement and eventual restoration. The message is harsh, but Amos wrote some of the most poetic parts of the Bible.

The book has 9 chapters. In the first chapter Amos says that God will punish many of the nations around Israel. Then in the second chapter he uses similar words to say the Judah and Israel will also be punished. The rest of the book tells the reasons for that punishment before ending with a promise that Israel would then be restored.

There are some well known verses in the book of Amos that religious leaders and people who work for justice have used in speeches about modern problems such as racism.

Chapter 5 verse 24, "But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream." This verse was often quoted by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr..

Chapter 6 verse 1, "Woe to you who are at ease in Zion,(Jerusalem)." This is a warning to those who think they are safe from God's judgement because things are going well at the present. 

Washington Mutual

Washington Mutual (abbreviated to WaMu) () was the United States' largest savings and loan association. Despite its name, it ceased being a mutual company in 1983 when it began to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

On September 25, 2008, the 119th anniversary of WaMu's founding, the United States Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) announced that it was seizing the bank and would sell most of its functional assets to JPMorgan Chase. WaMu's collapse is the largest U.S. bank failure in history. At the time of the collapse, it was the sixth-largest bank in the United States. According to Washington Mutual's 2007 SEC filing, it held assets valued at $327.9/Billion Dollars.

Gray's Anatomy

Henry Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body (or "Gray's Anatomy") is an English-language human anatomy textbook. It was first called Gray's Anatomy: Descriptive and Surgical in the United Kingdom in 1858, and in the United States in 1859. It was written for medical students by Henry Grey and illustrated by Henry Vandyke Carter in 1855 and published in 1858.



Gray's Anatomy for Students

Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook following the same idea as the famous Gray's Anatomy for medical students. The book is famous for its detailed drawings and style.

The first edition was published in 2004.

Killing Joke

Killing Joke are an industrial rock band from England. They have been called a key influence on the industrial rock genre.


Fit Finlay

David John Finlay Jr. (born 31 January 1958) is a Northern Irish former professional wrestler and road agent. He is currently signed to the WWE and works as a trainer for them. 

Finlay also Is known for his time wrestling for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Finlay. He has held both the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship.

On December 22, 2012, Finlay decided to retire as an in-ring competition. In his last match, he teamed with his son David Finlay Jr and they defeated Robbie Brookside and "Dirty" Dan Collins in an Irish street fight.

Chris Jericho

Christopher Keith Irvine (born November 9, 1970), better known by his ring name Chris Jericho, is an American - Canadian professional wrestler, rock musician,actor, author, and radio host. He is currently signed to AEW.
Jericho is also known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and internationally in Canadian, Mexican and Japanese promotions.

As a part of WWE, he is credited as being the first-ever Undisputed Champion in professional wrestling history. Also, he has won the Intercontinental Championship a record nine times. Jericho is a six-time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice, the aforementioned Undisputed Championship, and the World Heavyweight Championship three times. He is also the Ninth Triple Crown Champion and Third Grand Slam Champion.

Jericho is also the frontman of Fozzy, an American heavy metal band. Jericho uses the theme song "Break The Walls Down" as his entrance theme.

On May 24, 2012, during a match against CM Punk in São Paulo, Brazil, Jericho dropped and kicked the flag of Brazil which is a crime in that country. The police went to the ring and threatened to arrest Jericho. Jericho apologized to the crowd and was suspended by the WWE for 30 days. Jericho returned on June 25 episode of "Raw", his disappearance was explained by a European tour with his band Fozzy which happened to coincide with his suspension.

On the June 30, 2014 episode of "Raw", Jericho made a surprise return to the WWE and attacked The Miz who had also returned minutes earlier. Jericho was then attack by The Wyatt Family.

He currently hosts weekly podcast called "Talk Is Jericho" on PodcastOne.com.

He is best friends with Kevin Owens.








<br><br><br><br>


Charles Curtis

Charles Curtis (January 25, 1860 – February 8, 1936) was an American politician. He was the 31st vice president of the United States from 1929 to 1933 under President Herbert Hoover. Before becoming vice president, he was a senator and a representative from Kansas.

Curtis is the only Native American vice president in history. Curtis was a member of the Kaw Nation. Charles Curtis was the first vice president of color; the other being Vice President Kamala Harris. Curtis called himself "one-eighth Kaw Indian and a one-hundred percent Republican." In 1900, Kaw Chief Washungah called Curtis "one of our own men."

Curtis grew up in Kansas and spoke the Kaw language. When he was in government, Curtis did some good things for Native Americans and some bad things. In 1898, he sponsored the Curtis Act of 1898, which took power away from tribal leaders.

Big Show

Paul Donald Wight (born February 8, 1971) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to AEW under his real name. He became famous with his ring name, (The Big Show).

He is best known for his career in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). In WCW he wrestled as The Giant from June 1995 to December 1998. Then he joined the WWF/E in February 1999, where he performed for 22 years as the Big Show. He is the first man in the history of wrestling to win the WWE Championship, WCW World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Championship, even though his ECW Title win was after the company became a WWE property. Kane is the second wrestler.



Robert Guiscard

Robert Guiscard (Hauteville-la-Guichard, France, 1015 - Kefalonia, Greece, July 15, 1085), was a Norman adventurer. 

Robert de Hauteville, dubbed "Guiscard", was born at Hauteville, near Coutances (Normandy). He was the sixth son of Tancred of Hauteville and eldest by his second wife Fressenda (or Fredesenda), daughter of Duke Richard I of Normandy. 

Like many other impoverished Norman knights (Rainulf Drengot, William Ironarm, and more), Robert de Hauteville went to Italy, arriving there about 1046. After serving in the forces of the prince lombard of Capua, Pandulf, he organized an army to secure possessions for himself in Calabria. In 1053, when the Pope Leo IX attempted to expel the Normans from the South Italy, Robert Guiscard played an important role in defeating the papal forces at Civitate, near the modern city of San Severo (Province of Foggia). 

After the death in 1057 of his older brother Humphrey, count of Apulia, Guiscard became leader of the Normans in Italy. The pope, seeking independence from the Holy Roman Empire, decided to enlist the Normans as allies. In 1059 the French Pope Nicholas II created Robert "by the Grace of God and Saint Peter, duke of Apulia and Calabria and, with their help, hereafter of Sicily" ("Robertus Guiscardus, Normannus Dux Apuliae, Calabriae et Siciliae"). In return, Robert acknowledged the pope as his feudal overlord. Sicily was in Muslim hands at the time and so Robert and his brother Roger Bosso embarked on a series of campaigns, capturing Messina in 1061 and Palermo in 1072. 

Turning his attention to the Balkans in 1081, Guiscard gained a great victory over the Byzantine emperor Alexius I Comnenus at Durazzo (Albania). In Greece, his campaigns at Macedonia and Thessalia were being carried on, meanwhile, by his son Bohamund. Robert was recalled from his victorious campaigns in 1084 to go to the aid of Pope Gregory VII, who was besieged in the castle of Sant'Angelo by Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV. Robert drove Henry from Rome, and reduced one-third of the city to ashes. Because of the unpopularity of Gregory VII in Rome, he took the pope to Monte Cassino. Robert then went to the support of Bohamund in the Greek campaign but died of fever at Kefalonia a few weeks later (July 1085). He was buried in the Hauteville family mausoleum of the Trinity Abbey (SS. Trinità) at Venosa. The town of Fiscardo on Kefalonia is named after him.



William A. Wheeler

William Almon Wheeler (June 30, 1819 – June 4, 1887) was a U.S. representative from New York and the nineteenth vice president of the United States.

Schuyler Colfax

Schuyler (pronounced "Sky-ler") Colfax, Jr. (March 23, 1823 – January 13, 1885) was a U.S. representative from Indiana, the 29th speaker of the House of Representatives, and the 17th vice president of the United States.

The towns of Colfax, California, Colfax, Washington, and Colfax, Louisiana, are named for Schuyler Colfax. The "Jewel of the Midwest," Schuyler, Nebraska, named after Colfax, is the county seat of Colfax County, Nebraska. The now ghost town of Colfax, Colorado was named after him. Colfax County, New Mexico is named after the Speaker as well. In addition, the "main street" traversing Aurora, Denver, and Lakewood, Colorado and abutting the Colorado State Capitol is named "Colfax Avenue" in the politician's honor. The middle school Schuyler Colfax in Wayne, New Jersey is also named after him.

Henry Wilson

Henry Wilson (February 16, 1812 – November 22, 1875) was a U.S. senator from Massachusetts and the eighteenth vice president of the United States.

Hubert Humphrey

Hubert Horatio Humphrey, Jr. (May 27, 1911 – January 13, 1978) was an American politician and statesman. He served as the 38th vice president of the United States from 1965 to 1969 under President Lyndon B. Johnson. Before becoming vice president, he was a United States senator from Minnesota from 1949 to 1964 and again from 1971 to 1978.

Humphrey was born in a room over his father's drugstore in Wallace, South Dakota. He was the son of Ragnild Kristine Sannes (1883–1973), a Norwegian immigrant, and Hubert Humphrey, Sr. (1882–1949). Humphrey spent most of his childhood in Doland, South Dakota, on the Dakota prairie; the town's population was about 600 people when he lived there. His father was a licensed pharmacist who was mayor and a town council member. In the late 1920s a severe economic decline hit Doland; both of the town's banks closed and Humphrey's father fought to keep his drugstore business open.

After his son graduated from Doland's high school, Hubert Humphrey, Sr. left Doland and opened a new drugstore in the larger town of Huron, South Dakota; a population of 11,000 people, where he hoped to improve his fortunes. Because of the family's financial struggles, Humphrey had to leave the University of Minnesota after just one year. He earned a pharmacist's license from the Capitol College of Pharmacy in Denver, Colorado (completing a two-year licensure program in just six months), and spent years from 1931 to 1937 helping his father run the family drugstore. Over time the Humphrey Drug Company became a financial gain business and the family again succeeded.

Humphrey did not enjoy working as a pharmacist, and his dream was to earn a doctorate in political science and become a college professor. In 1937 he returned to the University of Minnesota and earned a bachelor's degree in 1939. He was a member of Phi Delta Chi Fraternity. He also earned a master's degree from Louisiana State University in 1940, serving as an assistant instructor of political science. One of his classmates was Russell B. Long, who would become a U.S. Senator from Louisiana. He then became an instructor and doctoral student at the University of Minnesota from 1940 to 1941 (joining the American Federation of Teachers), and was a supervisor for the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Humphrey soon became active in Minneapolis politics, and as a result he never finished his PhD.He died of Bladder cancer in Waverley Minnesota at age 66

Humphrey was a United States Senator from Minnesota twice, and was Democratic Majority Whip. He was a founder of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party and Americans for Democratic Action. He was also mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota, 1945–1949.

In 1968, Humphrey was the nominee of the Democratic Party in the United States presidential election but narrowly lost to the Republican nominee, Richard Nixon.Hubert Humphrey died of bladder cancer in Minnesota at age 66

Alben W. Barkley

Alben William Barkley (November 24, 1877 – April 30, 1956) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives and the United States Senate from Paducah, Kentucky, majority leader of the Senate, and the thirty-fifth vice president of the United States. He was the oldest vice president of the United States at the age of . He ran for president in 1952, however the Democratic Party primaries had nominated Adlai Stevenson II instead and labor union leaders rejected him to run because of old age (74).
He died in Lexington Kentucky from a heart attack at age 78.

John Nance Garner

John Nance Garner IV nicknamed "Cactus Jack" (November 22, 1868 – November 7, 1967) was the 44th speaker of the United States House of Representatives (1931-1933) and the 32nd Vice President of the United States (1933-1941). Garner once described the Vice-Presidency as being "not worth a bucket of warm spit." Also, he lived to be 98 years and 350 days old. That made him the longest-lived former vice president of the United States. 

Garner was born near the village of Detroit in Red River County in eastern Texas on November 22, 1868. His parents were John Nance Garner III and his wife, the former Sarah Jane Guest. Garner studied at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, for one semester before dropping out and returning home. He was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He eventually studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1890, and began practice in Uvalde, Uvalde County, Texas.

On the morning of Garner's 95th birthday on November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy called to wish the former vice president a happy birthday, just hours before his assassination in Dallas.

Garner died on November 7, 1967, at the age of 98 years and 350 days, just 15 days before what would have been his 99th birthday. Since 1964, John Garner is the longest-lived vice president of the United States in the history, a record which was previously held by Benjamin Harrison's vice president, Levi P. Morton (who died in 1920, on his 96th birthday). He's interred in Uvalde Cemetery.

<br>

Thomas A. Hendricks

Thomas Andrews Hendricks (September 7, 1819 – November 25, 1885) was a U.S. representative and a senator from Indiana, a governor of Indiana, and the twenty-first vice president of the United States (serving with Grover Cleveland).

Hendricks died in his sleep at home in Indianapolis on November 25, 1885. Following his death, Congress changed the order of succession for the presidency by removing the leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives.

Levi P. Morton

Levi Parsons Morton (May 16, 1824 – May 16, 1920) was a U.S. representative from New York and the 22nd vice president of the United States. He also later served as the 31st Governor of New York.

Morton died on his 96th birthday at his home in Rhinebeck, New York on May 16, 1920 from bronchopneumonia. At 96, Levi Morton was the longest lived Vice President of the United States until 1964, when he was surpassed by John Nance Garner.

Garret Hobart

Garret Augustus Hobart (June 3, 1844 – November 21, 1899) was the 24th vice president of the United States from 1897 until his death in 1899. He was the sixth vice president to die in office. Before becoming vice president, Hobart was a well-known New Jersey businessman and politicial operative.

Charles W. Fairbanks

Charles Warren Fairbanks (May 11, 1852 – June 4, 1918) was an American politician. He was a U.S. senator from Indiana, serving from 1897 to 1905, and the 26th vice president of the United States from 1905 to 1909. He also was the vice presidential nominee in the 1916 presidential election for the Republicans. 

Fairbanks was born in Unionville Center, Ohio on May 11 1852. After he graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, he moved to Indianapolis, Indiana. He was an attorney and worked as a railroad financier. In 1897, he was elected to the Senate. During his time in the Senate, he assisted President William McKinley, and was also part of a commission to fix a disagreement on the Alaska boundary. 

In 1904, Fairbanks was chosen to be the running mate for President Theodore Roosevelt. In 1908, he tried to become the presidential nominee for the Republican Party, but was not chosen. In 1912, he supported William Howard Taft for president. He again tried to become the nominee for president in 1916, but lost to Charles Evan Hughes. He ended up as Hughes's vice presidential nominee for the election, but their ticket lost to the Democratic ticket of President Woodrow Wilson and Vice President Thomas R. Marshall. he died of nephritis in Indianapolis at age 66 

Thomas R. Marshall

Thomas Riley Marshall (March 14, 1854 – June 1, 1925) was an American politician. He was the 28th vice president of the United States. He served under Woodrow Wilson from 1913 to 1921.

Charles G. Dawes

Charles Gates Dawes (August 27, 1865 – April 23, 1951) was an American banker and politician who was the 30th vice president of the United States from 1923 to 1929. For his work on the Dawes Plan for World War I reparations he was a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. He served in the First World War, was U.S. Comptroller of the Currency and the first director of the Bureau of the Budget, and in later life the U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom.

Rainulf Drengot

Rainulf Drengot (dead in 1045) was a Norman adventurer. 

In 1016, Rainulf went in the South Italy where he was a mercenary. In 1030, Drengot was the first count of Aversa (near Naples) and was married to the duke of Naples’s daughter. 



Gregg Gillis

Gregg Gillis, better known by his stage name Girl Talk, is an American musian who remixes music. Gillis, who lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has released four LPs on Illegal Art and EPs on 333 and 12 Apostles record labels. He began making music while studying Biomedical Engineering at Case Western Reserve University. He specializes in mash-up style remixes, in which he uses often a dozen or more unauthorized samples from different songs to create a new song; "The New York Times Magazine" has called his music "a lawsuit waiting to happen."

In 2007, Gillis was the winner of Wired Magazine's Rave Award.



A∴A∴

The A∴A∴ (Latin: "Argenteum Astrum" or Greek: "Άστρον Αργόν", ""Astron Argon"", both literally; "Silver star", alternately, Latin: "Arcanum Arcanorum", is a magical order created by Aleister Crowley in 1907 after leaving the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn. It is a Thelemic magical fraternity in which the holy book of the order is "The Book of the Law". Its motto is: "The method of science, the aim of religion." While the A∴A∴ was not part of Ordo Templi Orientis, the O.T.O. did consider the A∴A∴ to be a close ally.

Various lineages of the A∴A∴ survive today that can be traced back to the founders Aleister Crowley and George Cecil Jones.



The Book of the Law

The Book of the Law is the central sacred text of Thelema, written by Aleister Crowley in Cairo, Egypt in the year 1904. Its full title is "Liber AL vel Legis, sub figura CCXX, as delivered by XCIII=418 to DCLXVI", and it is commonly referred to as Liber AL vel Legis or just "Liber Al". It contains three chapters, each of which was written down in one hour, beginning at noon, on April 8, April 9, and April 10.


Ordo Templi Orientis

Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.) ("Order of the Temple of the East", or the "Order of Oriental Templars") is an international fraternal and religious organization founded at the beginning of the 20th century. Originally it was intended to be modelled after and associated with Freemasonry, but under the leadership of Aleister Crowley was reorganized based on the Law of Thelema as its central religious principle along with "The Book of the Law". Similar to many secret societies, O.T.O. membership is based on an initiatory system with a series of degree ceremonies that use ritual drama to establish fraternal bonds and impart spiritual and philosophical teachings.

O.T.O. also includes the Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica (EGC) or Gnostic Catholic Church, which is the ecclesiastical arm of the Order. Its central rite, which is public, is the Gnostic Mass.



Luther Bible

The Luther Bible is a German Bible translation by Martin Luther, first printed with both testaments in 1534. 

Wycliffe's Bible

Wycliffe's Bible is the name now given to a group of Bible translations into Middle English, that were made under the guidance of John Wycliffe. They appeared over a period from about 1382 to 1395. Although unauthorized, the work was popular. Wycliffite Bible texts are the most common manuscript literature in Middle English. More than 250 manuscripts of the Wycliffite Bible survive.

These Bible translations were the chief inspiration and chief cause of the Lollard movement, a pre-Reformation movement that rejected many of the distinctive teachings of the Roman Catholic Church.

The Catholic Church started a campaign to suppress it. In the early 15th century, Henry IV, Archbishop Thomas Arundel, and Henry Knighton put into law some of the severest religious censorship laws in Europe at that time. Manuscripts of the Wycliffe Bible, if inscribed with a date before 1409 (the date of the ban) circulated freely and were widely used by clergy and laity.

Wycliffe's Bible was edited later in stages to bring it closer to spoken English of the day. His translation followed the Latin word order very closely, which is different from English word order:

Wyclif's Bible was followed later by William Tyndale, who translated the Bible into a more modern form of English, and used Greek manuscript sources for the first time. He was pursued for many years by Thomas More, whose agents finally caught him near Brussels in 1535. He was arrested, tried, convicted and executed by garrotte. His body was burnt at the stake.



Jens Jeremies

Jens Jeremies (born 5 March 1974) is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.


Bayern Munich

Germany


Ferenc Puskás

Ferenc Puskás (2 April 1927 - 17 November 2006) was a Hungarian football striker, regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He played for Hungary national team and Spain national team. He died of pneumonia at the age of 79.

There is an award named after him. The award is called the FIFA Puskás Award. It is awarded to the player who scored the best goal in each year. In 2018, the award was won by Mohamed Salah. 

341||352
182||157
523||509

!Total||85||84

!Total||4||0

Michel Platini

Michel François Platini (born 21 June 1955) is a retired French footballer. He was the president of UEFA between 2007 and 2015. In 2015, he was banned from football due to ethics violations. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He was the all-time top scorer for France between June 19, 1984 (when he overtook Just Fontaine's record) and October 17, 2007 (when Thierry Henry became France's top scorer). 

As a player, he played for Nancy-Lorraine, A.S. Saint-Étienne, and . He won 3 Ballon d'Ors as a player (1983, 1984, 1985).

Nancy

Saint-Étienne

Juventus

France

Individual

Individual





Hidetoshi Nakata

Nakata was born in Kofu on January 22, 1977. After graduating from Nirasaki High School, he joined J1 League club Bellmare Hiratsuka in 1995. He moved to Italian Serie A club Perugia. In January 2000, he moved to Roma. The club won the champions in the 2000/01 Serie A season. In summer 2001, he moved to Parma. From 2004, he played for Bologna, Fiorentina and English Premier League club Bolton Wanderers. He retired end of the 2005/06 season.

Nakata was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics. In first match against Brazil and Japan won Brazil (1-0). It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan. On May 21, 1997, he debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. After the debut, he became a regular player soon. In 1998, he was selected the Japan at 1998 World Cup and played all 3 matches. In 2000, he was selected U-23 Japan for 2000 Summer Olympics. He also played at 2002 and 2006 World Cup. He played 77 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2006.

85||16||8||1||18||3||colspan="2"|-||111||20
182||24||18||3||colspan="2"|-||23||3||223||30
21||1||3||0||2||0||6||0||26||1
288||41||29||4||20||3||29||3||366||51

!Total||77||11

Relient K

Relient K is an American band from Ohio. Their music has been considered Pop punk and Christian rock. They have released five studio albums and several EPs. Their album "The Bird and the Bee Sides" was released in July 2 2008.

There has been criticism about whether the band are in the Christian music genre. Not all the songs mention God or focus on Christian faith. Matt Thiessen has said "we really don't care, you can call us rock 'n roll or Christian rock or whatever, and we can tour with this band or that band, but at the end of the day, we're doing what we want, and writing from our hearts".

Relient K formed as a four member band back in 1998. At the time they were still attending high school. The members have changed a little since then, but the two Matthews are still there.

The song "Hoopes I did It Again", from their third album, may remind one of Britney Spears, but it's referring to Matt Hoopes' last name. In the song, during the first verse, the two Matts sing back to each other as if in a phone conversation.

For their fourth album, titled "Mmhmm", they added instruments like a banjo and another guitar player, because they wanted more piano in their music, and the addition of another guitar player made this possible for Matt. It can be pronounced different ways, and can also be written as "MMHMM" or "MmHmm".

Relient K is known for their brand of tongue-in cheek humor. Tongue-in-cheek meaning when words are said only half seriously. They used this in many of their earlier songs such as "Marilyn Manson Ate My Girlfriend" "Nancy Drew" (a song about the fictional character) and "May the Horse Be With You" (which clearly plays on the popular Star Wars phrase).

Their second album was indeed titled "The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek" although you could argue the third album used more humor.




Hieronymus Bosch

Hieronymus Bosch, (born Jeroen Anthonissen van Aken, c. 1450 – 9 August 1516) was an early Dutch painter. He lived, worked and died in 's-Hertogenbosch, a Dutch town. This was then the capital of the Duchy of Brabant, a region which included much of modern Belgium and Holland.

Many of his works depict temptation, sin and punishment in hell. The paintings have a dreamlike surreal quality, with sexual and sadistic images. The intent was probably serious, to warn of the punishment which awaited sinners in hell.

The paintings often look like, and certainly did influence, the modern art movement known as surrealism. Bosch used images of demons, half-human animals and machines, to evoke fear and confusion, and to portray the evil of man. His works contain complex, highly original, imaginative, and dense use of symbolic figures and iconography, some of which was obscure even in his own time.

Today only 25 paintings are known to be by him; Philip II of Spain collected some of the best, which are now in the Prado Museum, Madrid.

Bush (band)

Bush were a British post-grunge band, formed in London in 1992. Their debut album was the self-released "Sixteen Stone" in 1994. They have sold well over 10 million records in the United States. The band, while hugely successful in the United States, was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there.

Fell on Black Days

"Fell on Black Days" is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in 1994 as the fifth single from the band's fourth studio album, "Superunknown" (1994). The song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It would later appear on the band's greatest hits album "A-Sides" and the 2007 Chris Cornell compilation "The Roads We Choose - A Retrospective".

The song was written by frontman Chris Cornell. The time signature of the song is in 6/4.

Cornell on the song:
"Fell on Black Days" was like this ongoing fear I've had for years...It's a feeling that everyone gets. You're happy with your life, everything's going well, things are exciting - when all of a sudden you realise you're unhappy in the extreme, to the point of being really, really scared. There's no particular event you can pin the feeling down to, it's just that you realise one day that everything in your life is FUCKED!

It was released as a single in many different versions, each with different B-sides. Several of the singles featured an original demo version of the song. This demo is completely different from the more familiar version. It features different lyrics and music, with considerably heavier drop-D guitar. Only the chorus contains lyrical similarities to the final version. Soundgarden performed this version live on Pearl Jam's "Self-Pollution" radio broadcast in early 1995.

It appeared on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 Airplay chart, peaking at number 54 in its tenth week and remaining on the chart until its twentieth week. The song peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 13 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.

Outside of the United States, the single was released in Australia and the United Kingdom. In Canada, the song reached the top 70 on the Canadian Singles Chart and remained in the top 70 for two weeks. "Fell on Black Days" reached the top 50 in the Netherlands and in Ireland it was a moderate top 20 success.

After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Clear Channel included the song on its list of possibly inappropriate songs.

In the music video, the band was filmed performing the song in-studio, with Brendan O'Brien producing the recording. The video was directed by Jake Scott. The video was released in November 1994. It is available on the CD-ROM "Alive in the Superunknown". The video version of the track can be found on the "Fell on Black Days" single and "Songs from the Superunknown".

A live version of the song appears on the "Black Hole Sun" and "Fell on Black Days" singles.

In 2005, when Audioslave toured with Seether, Cornell sang "Fell on Black Days" with Shaun Morgan, Seether's lead vocalist.

In 2006, Classic Case did a cover of "Fell on Black Days" on the band's "Black Unicorn" Split EP with "He is Legend".












Scarborough railway station

Scarborough railway station is a railway station in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. It opened in 1845. It is one of the eastern termini (end stations) of the North TransPennine route operated by First TransPennine Express. It is also at the northern end of the Yorkshire Coast Line. It has the longest station seat in the world, in length.

Until 1950 it served a line to Pickering. Until 1965 it served a line from Whitby.

From Monday to Saturdays there is normally an hourly First TransPennine Express service to York, Leeds, Manchester Piccadilly and Liverpool Lime Street. There is a two-hourly service to Bridlington and Hull on the Yorkshire Coast Line.

On Sundays there is a two-hourly service to York and beyond. There is also a summer only two-hourly service to Hull.

East Midlands Trains provide a limited direct summertime service to St Pancras International along the Midland Main Line. It goes via Sheffield and Leicester.


Methil

Methil is a town in Fife, Scotland. There used to be a power station there.

Chris Brown (album)

Chris Brown is the self-titled debut album by American R&B recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on November 29, 2005 by Jive Records. The album also earned Brown his first two Grammy nominations for Best New Artist and Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2006. The album is mainly a hip hop and R&B album.



Through the winter, Brown joined the Scream V Encore Tour, featuring Ciara, Bow Wow, Omarion and Marques Houston, as a supporting act. Later, he headlined the Xbox 360 Presents: Chris Brown Tour, supported by T-Pain.


Economy of Pakistan

Pakistan is a nation with a diverse economy that include textiles, chemicals, food processing, agriculture and other industries. It is the 25th largest economy in the world.

National Stock Exchange of Pakistan

The Karachi Stock Exchange or KSE (founded 1947) is a stock exchange in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is Pakistan's largest and oldest stock exchange and also South Asia's second oldest stock exchange.

Alexandra

Alexandra can refer to





Flora and fauna of Pakistan

Vast Indus plains have had vegetation taken away to grow crops. Very little wildlife lives there and only animals like the jackal, mongoose, jungle cat, civet cat, scaly anteater, desert cat and the wild hare live in these areas.

Parts of Thal desert and Cholistan desert are now being irrigated. The Chinkara is the only animal living there now. The blackbuck, who lived there once in big numbers, is now extinct. However, efforts are being made to reintroduce them back into the country.

Irrigated forest plantations are now being made. These give very good conditions for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull to live in.

The striped hyena and the wolf are found almost everywhere in the country. However, little is known about the black bear and brown bear populations.

Birds of prey like the peregrine, cherrug or saker falcons, tawny eagle, imperial and greater spotted eagles, osprey, awesome
shikra, and the black-winged kite live throughout Pakistan but their population statuses are unknown.


Resurrection of Jesus

In the New Testament, Jesus is crucified, dies, is buried within a tomb, and resurrected (came back to life) three days later. Christians celebrate the resurrection at Easter. Easter and Christmas are the most important Christian holidays.

Christians believe that Jesus is the son of God. They believe that the best proof of this is that he came back to life after his death. In Christian theology, the death, resurrection, and return to heaven of Jesus are the most important events of the Christian faith. The Nicene Creed states: "On the third day he rose again in accordance with the Scriptures". According to Terry Miethe, a Christian philosopher at Oxford University, the question " 'Did Jesus rise from the dead?' is the most important question regarding the claims of the Christian faith." According to John R. Rice, a Baptist evangelist, the resurrection of Jesus was part of God's plan for forgiving people by paying the penalty for man's sin. The Catholic church teaches: 

Compared to other ancient stories of men or Gods being resurrected from the dead, the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus is extensive and strong. 

All of these New Testament writers tell about the resurrection. 







Crucifixion of Jesus

The crucifixion of Jesus is an event recorded in all four Gospels in the Bible. The crucifixion happens after Jesus' arrest at Gethsemane and trial before Pontius Pilate. It includes his scourging, crucifixion on the cross, and burial. In Christian theology, the death of Jesus by crucifixion is a major event. (See salvation).

Christians believe that Jesus was God in human form. They believe that after he died on the Cross on Friday, he went down to Hell to free the souls of the people who had died before Jesus' coming. On Sunday, Christians believe that Jesus came back to life and left the tomb where he was buried. This is called the "resurrection". 

The crucifixion is, according to the Bible, necessary to Christianity. Christians believe that Jesus suffered very much on the cross as a way of paying for, or suffering the punishment for all of mankind's sins (bad actions, thoughts, and deeds). By taking on all of this suffering, mankind was freed from the punishment that God should have given to man (because of man's weakness and bad choices in life).

The crucifixion itself is a very sad event as Jesus had to suffer horribly. His friends and his own mother had to see it. However, Christians believe this was necessary for him to come back to life and to show that death had no power over him. Through the crucifixion, Christians believe that God has set us free and shown to the world that Jesus is God and that life is forever. According to the Bible, Jesus sacrificed himself for all of mankind not only to show his love but also to pay the penalty of our sin, restore our relationship with God, and to destroy the power of death and the grave.

A "passion play" is a play that tells this story of Jesus' trial and then his crucifixion. A recent version, "The Passion of the Christ", was produced and released by Mel Gibson. It was and still is very popular with Christians and non-Christians alike.

Jim Ross

James William "Jim" Ross (born January 3, 1951) is an American professional wrestling commentator. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is also known by his nicknames Good Ol' J.R. or simply J.R.. Ross is a restaurateur, former professional wrestling commentator and former company executive. He is most well known for working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) as a play-by-play commentator. He was born in Fort Bragg, California.

He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007 and is widely regarded as one of the greatest commentators in wrestling history.

On April 3, 2019, Ross signed a three-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Ross has Bell's palsy. In October 2021, Ross tweeted that he was diagnosed with skin cancer. Two months later, Ross tweeted that he was cancer free.

King of the Ring

King of the Ring is a professional wrestling single-elimination tournament held by World Wrestling Entertainment. The tournament was held annually from 1985 to 2002 (except for 1992), and from 1993 until 2002, the tournament was produced as a pay-per-view event.

John Layfield

John Charles Layfield (born November 29, 1966), better known by the ring names Bradshaw and John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL), is an American retired professional wrestler and football player. 
Layfield is working for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) since 1995, currently as a commentator and manager. Outside of wrestling, he works as a financial analyst for Fox News and has also commentated and hosted for the mixed martial arts promotion Vyper Fight League. 

He has won many titles in his career: He most famously held the WWE Championship one time for 280 days, the Hardcore Championship 17 times and the WWF Tag Team Championship three times with Faarooq as the Acolytes Protection Agency (APA). Layfield was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2021.



Mary J. Blige

Mary Jane Blige (born January 11, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She is often referred to as "The Queen of Hip Hop Soul", due to her music mainly being R&B mixed with hip hop and soul. She has released 11 studio albums, 82 singles, and 8 other albums.

In 1988, Blige recorded an cover of Anita Baker's "Caught Up in the Rapture" at a recording booth in a local mall. Her mother's boyfriend at the time played the cassette for Jeff Redd, a recording artist and A&R runner for Uptown Records. Redd then sent it to the president and CEO of the label, Andre Harrell. Harrell met with Blige and, in 1989, she joined the label, becoming the company's youngest and first female artist. 

Production for Blige's first album, "Whats the 411?", began in 1991. Sean "Puffy" Combs (at the time a beginning A&R executive at Uptown) organised the project. Also enlisted were some of the top R&B and hip hop producers of the time, among them are Tony Dofat, Mark Morales and Cory Rooney, Dave "Jam" Hall, and DeVante Swing.

In 2014, Blige toured with R. Kelly called "The King and Queen Tour".

Blige is a Democrat.

Dancing Beijing

Dancing Beijing is the name of the symbol of the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing in China. It was shown in August 2003 in a ceremony attended by 2,008 people in Beijing.

The symbol draws on Chinese culture, showing a red Chinese seal above the words "Beijing 2008" and the Olympic rings. The seal is written with a calligraphic rendition of the Chinese character 京 ("jīng", meaning 'capital', from the name of the host city) in the form of a dancing figure. The curves are also claimed to show the body of a wriggling dragon. The open arms of the figure show China inviting the world to share in its culture. The figure also looks like that of a runner. Red, is an important colour in Chinese society, often meaning good luck.

The logo was created by Guo Chunning. There was only one picture among the 1,985 entries givin by designers from China and others. Other entries included a lot Great Walls, pandas and dragons. Other designers include Chang Wu (張武).

Exploration

Exploration is the act of searching an unfamiliar area in order to learn about it. It involves the discovery of new information. Human beings explore even when they have everything they need where they are. They are the only mammal that does this. 

Neanderthals existed for hundreds of thousands of years in Eurasia. But their range was limited compared to modern humans. In less than 500,000 years humans have explored and spread out to all the continents. Exploration had its most dramatic rise during the Age of Discovery. This is when European explorers sailed and charted much of the rest of the world. Humans have explored geographically even into outer space. They explore ideas, art, even the very nature of life.

The Phoenicians were a culture that existed in the coastal region of the Levant as early as the 3rd millennium BC. They were not a significant culture until about 1100 BC. By the 9th century BC the Phoenicians had became the dominant culture in the Mediterranean Sea. They grew wealthy through trade. Instead of war they used trade agreements and alliances to expand their colonies. The Phoenicians developed advanced navigational skills and had the best ships in the Mediterranean. They explored over land routes and developed caravan routes to trade with distant places. Carthage got its start as a Phoenician colony on the north coast of Africa. It grew to be their largest and most successful colony. 
Gradually the western Mediterranean Phoenician colonies all came under the control of Carthage. The Carthaginians were explorers too. Two major explorations are mentioned by early writers. Both took place around 500 BC. Pliny the Elder wrote that Carthage sent an explorer named Himilco to explore the remote parts of Europe. The report, or "periplus" (sailing record), has not survived but other early writers have seen it. He had as many as 60 ships in his fleet. He would have traveled along the Iberian Peninsula up the coast of Gaul. Avienus, a Roman writer of the 4th century AD, wrote about the expedition. Himilco moved north from Brittany to the British Isles. It is likely he was looking for tin, a rare metal at the time. He reached a land called , “The Holy Island”, generally believed to be Ireland.
About the same time, Hanno the Navigator was sent to explore the western coast of Africa. His periplus has survived and is one of the earliest surviving manuscripts. The periplus records landmarks, ports and sailing distance between them. It is a guide for other ship captains to follow. Hanno's 60 ships moved south along the African coast. He may have reached as far as an island off the coast of Sierra Leone. There is no record of any other explorations of the west Africa coast until the time of Henry the Navigator, the Portuguese explorer.

One of the first scientific explorers was Pytheas of Massalia. He was an ancient Greek from the then Greek colony of Massalia (now Marseille). He made a voyage to northwestern Europe in about 325 BC. He circumnavigated Great Britain. Pytheas was the first person on record to describe the Midnight Sun. He is the first known scientific visitor and reporter of the Arctic polar ice. His account of the tides is the earliest known to suggest the moon as their cause.

During the 2nd century BC, the Han dynasty explored much of the eastern part of the Northern Hemisphere. In 139 BC, the Han diplomat Zhang Qian traveled west in an unsuccessful attempt to secure an alliance with the Da Yuezhi. He discovered countries the Chinese did not even know existed. He had traveled as far as the Indus River in northwestern India.

During the Viking Age Three different groups of Vikings can be identified from different parts of Scandinavia. The Danes, Swedes (also called the "Rus") and Norwegian vikings. The 'Rus', founded the settlement of Kiev. Named for themselves they called it Russland (later known as Russia). Swedish Viking explorer Garðar Svavarsson was the first to circumnavigate Iceland in 870 and establish that it was an island. About 890 CE Vikings, led by Ohthere of Norway, traveled north above the Arctic Circle to the White Sea. 

About 982, the Norwegian Erik the Red explored Greenland. In 986 he returned to Iceland, from where he sailed. He convinced others to follow him and founded the first settlement there. By the year 1000 there were a thousand settlers living there. Erik's second of three sons, Leif Erikson was probably the first European to set foot on North America. He landed at a place he called "Vinland".

Marco Polo (1254-1324) was a Venetian merchant and explorer. He traveled across Asia during the height of the Mongol Empire. He was one of the first Europeans to explore Eastern Asia. He left Venice at age 17 with his father and uncle. They traveled what later became the Silk Road. They reached Cathay (China) where Marco Polo entered the court of Kublai Khan. He traveled and explored China for 24 years. He brought back ivory, jade, jewels, porcelain and silk. He brought back many other things including noodles from China which the Italians called pasta.

This was a period in European history from the early 15th century to the early 17th century. During this relatively short period of time, the way Europeans saw the world was completely changed. The European powers sent ships around the world to search for new trading routes. They were in search of trading goods such as gold, silver and spices. In the process, Europeans discovered new people and lands completely unknown to them. Some of the explorers of this age are:







There are many reasons humans explore outer space. It was first explored with human eyes. Ancient men mapped the universe they could see. Then came the invention of telescopes. In the mid-20th century man actually began exploring space with rockets and spacecraft. The most important reasons are scientific research and the interest of humans to learn more about the universe. Space exploration has developed new technologies. It has created new products and new industries.

In scientific research, exploration is one of three purposes of empirical research. The other two are description and explanation. The term is commonly used metaphorically. For example, a person may speak of exploring the Internet, exploring sexuality, or concepts one cannot physically explore.



Lactobacillus

Lactobacillus is a genus of bacteria. Most "Lactobacillus" species are non-spore-forming and ferment glucose into lactose. This genus also contains several bacteria that make up part of the natural flora of the human vagina.
They are really helpful in the gut. It is a rod-shaped non-spore forming bacteria. It can be found in foods like yogurt. 

Waterford F.C.

Waterford United F.C. is a football club which plays in Republic of Ireland.



Montpellier HSC

Montpellier H.S.C. is a football club which plays in France.


AS Monaco F.C.

A.S. Monaco F.C. is a football club which plays in Monaco. It plays in the French football league system, and currently plays in the Ligue 1.




Olympique de Marseille

Olympique de Marseille (Occitan: "Olimpic de Marselha") is a football club from France. The club competes in Ligue 1. It was founded in 1899. Its home stadium is Stade Vélodrome in Marseille.

Olympique de Marseille has won the Ligue 1 9 times, the French Cup 10 times and 2 League Cups. It has also won the UEFA Champions League in 1993.


Arsène Wenger

Arsène Wenger (born 22 October 1949) is a French football manager. He has been managing Arsenal (1996-2018). 
He has won the Premier League and the FA Cup and also made it to the Champions League final.

11||0||2||0||13||0
11||0||2||0||13||0

John Arne Riise

John Arne Riise (born 24 September 1980) is a Norwegian football player. He played for Roma and the Norway national football team before retiring in 2016

25||5||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||25||5
44||4||0||0||2||0||9||1||55||5
234||21||15||3||14||2||76||4||339||30
31||2||2||0||colspan="2"|-||8||0||41||2
334||32||17||3||16||2||93||5||460||42

!Total||85||12

Patrick Vieira

Patrick Vieira (born 23 June 1976) is a French professional football head coach and former player. He was the manager of Crystal Palace from 2021 to 2023. He played for Arsenal and France national team.


AC Milan

Arsenal

Inter Milan
Manchester City

France

Individual


Manchester City EDS

David Seaman

David Seaman (born 19 September 1963) is an English retired football player. He has played for England national team as well as many other league teams.

Seaman was a contestant on the first series of "Dancing on Ice" in 2006.

Arsenal

Individual

Luther Blissett

Luther Loide Blissett (born 1 February 1958) is a Jamaican-born former English football player. He has played for England national team.

554||208
30||5
584||213

!Total||14||3

Chinese architecture

Chinese architecture refers to the architecture of China. Sometimes it might also mean architecture outside of China but built in the same style. Chinese architecture is very influential in East Asia where many other countries and cultures' architecture also modeled upon it. Well known example of Chinese architecture are the Great Wall of China and the Forbidden City.

Jimmy Greaves

Jimmy Greaves (20 February 1940 – 19 September 2021) was an English football player. He played for England national team.

A.C. Milan

Tottenham Hotspur

England

Individual

Eugenio Corini

Eugenio Corini (born 30 July 1970) is a former Italian football player.

Palermo

Individual

Brescia

Vasile Miriuţă

Vasile Miriuţă (born 19 September 1968) is a football manager and former player. He has played for Hungary national team.

29||4
165||40
27||3
133||23
354||70

!Total||9||1

Jerzy Dudek

Jerzy Henryk Dudek (born 23 March 1973) is a retired Polish football player. He retired in 2011.

15||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||15||0
139||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||16||0||155||0
126||0||9||0||11||0||38||0||184||0
1||0||6||0||0||0||1||0||8||0
281||0||15||0||11||0||55||0||362||0

!Total||60||0

Henrik Larsson

Henrik Larsson (born 20 September, 1971) is a former Swedish football player. He has played for the Sweden national team.

209||113||13||5||15||12||237||130
101||26||29||7||19||9||149||42
221||174||38||18||49||34||299||226
40||13||colspan="2"|-||14||2||54||14
7||1||4||1||2||1||13||3
578||327||84||31||99||58||761||416

!Total||105||37

Ian Wright

Ian Edward Wright MBE (born 3 November 1963) is a British footballer and television personality. He has played for England national team. He is the adopted father of Shaun Wright-Phillips and the father of Bradley Wright-Phillips.

493||241||||||||
8||3||||||||
501||244||||||||

!Total||33||9

Clyde Best

Clyde Best (born 24 February 1951) is a former football player. He has played for Bermuda national team.

He was awarded an Order of the British Empire.

When Clyde Best was 16, he moved from Bermuda to England.

He played for West Ham United F.C.

Best made his first goal on 3 September 1969. He had 218 games and 58 goals with West Ham.

Then he played in the Dutch Eredivisie for the Feyenoord. Lated he joined some American teams (Tampa Bay Rowdies, Toronto Blizzard and Portland Timbers).

Edgar Davids

Edgar Davids (born 13 March 1973) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Juventus

Inter Milan

Netherlands

Individual

Marc-Vivien Foé

Marc-Vivien Foé (1 May 1975 – 26 June 2003) is a former Cameroonian football player. He played for the Cameroonian national team.

128||14||||||||||128||14
73||10||1||0||5||0||79||10
201||24||1||0||5||0||207||24

!Total||||

Ian Hamilton

Ian Hamilton is a former football player.

Olympique Lyonnais

Olympique Lyonnais is a football club which plays in France.



F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux

F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux is a football club which plays in France.


Glasgow Central station

Glasgow Central station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland. It first opened in 1879.

Mary of Teck

Mary of Teck (Victoria Mary Augusta Louise Olga Pauline Claudine Agnes; 26 May 1867 – 24 March 1953) was the queen consort of King George V of the United Kingdom and Emperor of India. She was the mother of Edward VIII later Duke of Windsor George VI and grandmother of Queen Elizabeth II Queen of the United Kingdom and Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon. She was the Great grandmother of the current King Charles III of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth realms

By birth, Mary was a member of the House of Teck in Berlin, Germany, and through her mother, she was a distant member of the British Royal Family. Within her family, she was given the nickname "May" after the month of her birth.

Princess Mary was born at Kensington Palace in London on 26 May 1867. Her mother was Princess Mary Adelaide, a daughter of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, and a granddaughter of King George III and first cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. Her father was Francis, Duke of Teck. Due to her parent's financial troubles, Princess Mary spent much of her early life abroad in order to economize, the Tecks returned to London in 1883, living at White Lodge in Richmond Park.

In 1891, Princess Mary, who was liked by Queen Victoria, became engaged to her double second cousin once removed Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of Prince Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. Prince Albert Victor was the heir to the throne after his father, bringing Princess Mary and her family to the senior end of the Royal Family. However, a few weeks before the wedding, Prince Albert Victor died of influenza. Nevertheless, Queen Victoria still favored Mary as a royal bride and therefore arranged for her to marry Albert Victor's brother, Prince George, created Duke of York. They were married at St. James's Palace, London, on 6 July 1893. 

Princess Mary was devoted to her children and to her public duties. She left her children in the care of a nanny, Charlotte "Lalla" Bill, and taught her children history and music. With her public duties, she was equally devoted, becoming Patron of a number of charities. When her father-in-law became King Edward VII, Prince George and Princess Mary undertook an eight-month tour of the British Empire. No royal had undertaken such a big tour before. Princess Mary broke down in tears at the thought of leaving her children, though they were in the care of their doting grandparents. 

In 1910, Edward VII died, and Prince George ascended the throne as George V. Mary thus became Queen. During the First World War, Queen Mary was criticized for her German heritage. The conflict with Germany forced George V to change the name of the Royal House from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha to Windsor. He also stripped all titles from those members of the Royal Family who fought for Germany. Following the war, Queen Mary continued her public duties and suffered a family tragedy when she lost her youngest son, Prince John. In 1935, King George celebrated his Silver Jubilee, commemorating 25 years of his reign, and Queen Mary accompanied him during the official tours and visits that took place. Queen Mary used her extensive knowledge of history and royal protocol to advise and support her husband on matters of state.

In 1936, King George V died. His death was shortened by an injection of morphine and cocaine, administered by his doctor. Queen Mary supported her son, now King Edward VIII, during his reign. In December, however, the King abdicated the throne because he wished to marry a divorced American commoner, Wallis Simpson. 

This put his brother, Prince Albert, Duke of York, in his place as King George VI. King George VI was shy and was at first reluctant to take on his new duties and responsibilities. Queen Mary and his wife, Queen Elizabeth later Queen mother , supported him in his new role. The former King Edward VIII became the Duke of Windsor, went to live in Paris, and had a cool relationship with his family in England. No member of the family attended his wedding to Wallis in 1937, and she was never received by Queen Mary.

During the Second World War, Queen Mary lived at Badminton House, owned by her niece's husband, the Duke of Beaufort. She continued her duties and supported the war effort. Following the war, she returned to her pre-war home, Marlborough House. She continued her public duties in old age, surviving to see her granddaughter, Elizabeth, ascend the throne as Queen Elizabeth II. After suffering from lung cancer (described publicly as "gastric problems"), Queen Mary died of the disease at Marlborough House on 24 March 1953. She lay in state at Westminster Hall before being buried beside her husband at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. She survived her husband by 17 years and outlive three of her children, Prince John of the United Kingdom and Prince George Duke of Kent and King George VI.

Marlborough House

Marlborough House is a mansion in Westminster, London, England. It was built for a royal favourite, Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, in 1711. Following her death, it passed to the hands of successive Dukes of Marlborough. 

In 1817, it became Crown property. It was used by members of the royal family, including Queen Adelaide. It served as a base for the predecessor of the Royal College of Art, the "National Art Training School". In 1861, Marlborough House was made the Prince of Wales's London residence. It was used by him for the next 40 years, until he became king in 1901. It continued as a royal residence, and was last used by Queen Mary until 1953. After her death, her granddaughter, Queen Elizabeth II, gave the house to the Commonwealth Secretariat, which continues to use it today.


Richmond Park

Richmond Park is a 955 hectare (2,360 acres) park in outer London. Originally, it was outside London, in Surrey. It is now in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.

The park was created by Charles I in the 17th century as a deer park. It is the largest of London's Royal Parks. It is of national and international importance for wildlife conservation. The park is a national nature reserve, a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Special Area of Conservation. It is included, at Grade I, on the "Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England". 

It is the largest of the eight Royal Parks in London, and is famous for red and fallow deer. It is about three times the size of Central Park in New York (341 hectares or 843 acres).

Notable features in the park include Pembroke Lodge, once the home of the British Prime Minister Lord John Russell. Also in the park is White Lodge, home of the Royal Ballet School and once a royal residence. One house in the park, Thatched House Lodge, is the residence of Princess Alexandra. 

The park is fully open to the public, with access by road, bicycles and pedestrians. 

Brantridge Park

Brantridge Park is a former royal residence in Balcombe, West Sussex, England. It was owned by Princess Alice, and her husband Alexander Cambridge, the first Earl of Athlone. Following the Athlone's departure to Canada as viceroy and viceregal consort, it was occupied by Princess Beatrice, the youngest daughter of Queen Victoria. Beatrice died there in 1945. It is now a hotel operated by Timeshare.

Osborne House

Osborne House is a former royal residence East Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England. It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845. The solent reminded by Prince Albert of the Gulf of Naples, but the old house was too small for their needs, and the house was demolished and rebuilt by Thomas Cubitt in the Italianate style.

The house became a family home, as Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were determined to bring their children up in a natural and loving environment. Within the grounds was a smaller structure, Swiss Cottage, which was where the royal children played and learned practical skills, such as cooking and farming. The children often entertained their parents here, and Queen Victoria used the simplicity of the cottage to deal with personal correspondence. 

Following Prince Albert's death in 1861, Osborne became an effective mausoleum in his memory. Queen Victoria used the house as a retreat away from public life. She died there on 22 January 1901, and her son, King Edward VII, gave the house to the nation. It was used as a naval training school, and then a convalescent home for officers. During the Second World War, Adolf Hitler ordered that the estate was not to be bombed because he wanted to use it as a post-war retreat. 

Docetism

Docetism is an early Christian teaching that says that Jesus only appeared to have a human body. The term comes from "dokein": "to seem". 

Early Gnostics, whose teachings began to threaten Christian doctrine and theology, believed all matter was unclean. For this reason, Christ could not have a physical body, as he was seen as the eternal Logos. 

Today, it is unclear where this teaching came from. It might have been influenced by the teachings of Plato. Plato taught that only ideas mattered and that matter itself was inferior. 

Many Gnostic teachings are docetic. For a long time, people believed that docetism and Gnosticism were developed together. This is however not the case, there are also some Gnostic systems that are not docetic, as well as some docetic systems that are not gnostic. 

Today, most Christian theologians see docetism as a heresy. 

List of British royal residences

This is a list of residences occupied by the British Royal family, noting the seasons of the year they are traditionally occupied.

Members of the British Royal Family live in many different residences around the United Kingdom. Some are royal palaces, owned by the state and held in trust by the monarch; others are privately owned. Balmoral Castle and Sandringham House have been inherited as private property for several generations. Other royal palaces are no longer residences (e.g. the Palace of Westminster, the Palace of Whitehall). Some remain in irregular use for royal occasions. The Royal Palaces enjoy certain legal privileges, for example there is an exemption from levying duty on alcoholic beverages sold in the bars at the Palace of Westminster and there are exemptions from Health and Safety legislation.

The occupied royal residences of are cared for and maintained by the Royal Household Property Section. The unoccupied royal palaces of England are now within the responsibility of the Historic Royal Palaces Agency.

Tazz

Peter Senerchia (born October 11, 1967), is an American retired professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz, (originally Tazmaniac and later shortened to simply Taz). As of 2024, he woks for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as a commentator. He is also known for his work in Eastern/Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He retired as a wrestler in 2002 and has since performed as a commentator and manager .

He won the ECW World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Television Championship two-times each, the tag team championship four-times (three times in ECW and once in the WWF) and the WWF Hardcore Championship three times. He is also the creator and the first holder the FTW Heavyweight Championship, an unofficial championship competed for in ECW and AEW. His son Tyler also works in AEW under the ring name Hook.



Lille OSC

Lille O.S.C. is a football club which plays in France.

Based in the northern city of Lille founded in 1944 from the merger of the Olympique Lillois (founded in 1902) and the S.C. Fives (founded in 1901).


Prince Andrew, Duke of York

Prince Andrew, Duke of York, (Andrew Albert Christian Edward, born 19 February 1960) is a member of the British Royal Family, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. 

He has been titled Duke of York (as well as Earl of Inverness and Baron Killyleagh) since 1986, and is eighth in line to succession to the British throne. Andrew is the first in line to not be a descendant of the current reigning monarch.

As Duke of York, Andrew undertook official duties and engagements on behalf of the Queen. He served as the UK's Special Representative for International Trade and Investment for 10 years until July 2011. Andrew resigned from his royal duties in November 2019.

Prince Andrew was born at Buckingham Palace in London. He went to Heatherdown Preparatory School in Berkshire, England, and Gordonstoun in Scotland. 

Prince Andrew did not go to university, he went to Britannia Royal Naval College instead. In the Navy, he served in the Falklands War, despite controversy due to the possibility amongst Parliament of the Queen’s son losing their life. He became a commander in 1999 and an honorary captain in 2001.

In 1986, Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson, the younger daughter of Ronald Ferguson, the polo manager for the Prince of Wales. They have two daughters from the marriage: Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Andrew and Sarah separated in 1992, and divorced in May 1996. Their marriage, separation in 1992, and divorce in 1996 attracted extensive media coverage. 

Andrew has been accused of child sexual abuse by Virginia Giuffre (née Roberts) who alleges that, at the age of 17, she was sex-trafficked to Andrew by financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew categorically denied said allegation. 

In November 2019, Prince Andrew was interviewed for the BBC television programme "Newsnight" on 16 November 2019. The interviewer talked about the Prince's friendship with the convicted child sex offender Jeffrey Epstein; They met thru Ghislaine Maxwell. The interview was very bad for the British royal family, because many people who saw the interview thought Prince Andrew was unsympathetic to Epstein's victims.

Due to sexual abuse allegations, Andrew resigned from public roles in 2020. Andrew was the defendant in a sexual assault lawsuit by Giuffre in 2022, which Andrew settled out of court in February.

On February 15, 2022 a lawsuit against Andrew, was settled; The lawsuit never went to trial. Andrew [was] a defendant in a lawsuit - Virginia Giuffre v. Prince Andrew - at the lower courts of the federal court system of the United States. The civil lawsuit (see civil law), says that he had sex in 2001 with a female (Virginia Giuffre) that was 17 years old; Prince Andrew "has strongly denied any wrongdoing", media said.

In 2022, he gave back his honorary military titles and royal patronages. He has the rank "Vice-Admiral".




He had military appointments:

In Canada he holds the following military appointments:

An earlier appointment was Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Highland Fusiliers of Canada.

In New Zealand he had military appointments:

In the UK he had military appointments:

The Duke's personal coat of arms are those of the Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom with a label for difference: "Quarterly (by quarters):

The whole differenced by a Label of three points Argent the central point charged with an "Anchor Azure". The anchor is in reference to his naval career.

The arms are identical to those his grandfather George VI used when still Duke of York.

Jinnah International Airport

Jinnah International Airport (previously Quaid-e-Azam International Airport) (IATA: KHI, ICAO: OPKC) is Pakistan's largest international and domestic airport. It is located in Karachi, in Sindh, and is also commonly known as the Jinnah Terminal.




Demi Lovato

Demetria Devonne Lovato (born August 20, 1992) is an American singer-songwriter, philanthropist, and actress. Lovato was first in "Barney & Friends" (2002–2004), but became more popular from being in the television movies "Camp Rock" (2008) and its sequel "" (2010). 

One of the songs on the first "Camp Rock" movie was "This Is Me", which Lovato sang with Joe Jonas. This song was popular and was in the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Demetria Devonne Lovato was born on August 20, 1992 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She was the child of an engineer and musician Patrick Martin Lovato (March 12, 1951 – June 22, 2013) and former Dallas Cowboys cheerleader Dianna Lee Hart (born Dianna Lee Smith; August 8, 1962). Lovato has an older sister, Dallas (born February 4, 1988); a younger maternal half-sister, actress Madison De La Garza (born December 28, 2001), and an older paternal half-sister, Amber, to whom she first spoke to when she was 20.
Lovato's parents divorced in the late summer of 1994, shortly after her second birthday. Lovato's father was of Mexican, Indigenous Mexican, Jewish, Portuguese and Spanish descent, and her mother is of Italian, English, Scottish and Irish ancestry. Patrick's patrilineal great-grandmother, Maria Cristina Perea, was a daughter of Civil War Union veteran Francisco Perea (1830–1913) and a great-granddaughter of Santa Fe de Nuevo México governor Francisco Xavier Chávez. She received her high-school diploma through homeschooling in April 2009. She began playing piano at age seven and guitar at ten, when she also began dancing and acting classes. Lovato told Ellen DeGeneres that she was bullied so much that she asked for homeschooling.

As a solo musical artist, Lovato released her first album, "Don't Forget", on September 23, 2008. The album started at number two on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 89,000 copies in the first week. It has since shipped over 500,000 copies in the United States. This earned it a gold certification in the United States. Lovato released her second album, "Here We Go Again", on July 21, 2009. The album started at number one on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 108,000 copies in the first week. Her third studio album, "Unbroken", was released on September 20, 2011. It peaked at number four on the "Billboard" 200. Her fourth studio album is "Demi". It reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200.

Lovato released her third album, "Unbroken", on September 20, 2011. Begun in July 2010, the album experimented with R&B and featured less pop rock. The album and the stylistic change received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who saw a growth in musicianship because of her struggles and have praised Lovato's vocals but found the music more generic than her previous efforts. The record was a commercial success, peaking at number four on the "Billboard" 200, with sales exceeding 97,000 copies in its first week of release, and going on to sell over 500,000 copies in the United States, being certified Gold.

The album's lead single, "Skyscraper", was acclaimed for its messages of self-worth and confidence, peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, selling 176,000 downloads during the first week of release, becoming Lovato's highest first week sales, until the release of "Heart Attack" by Lovato in 2013. The song also Lovato's highest-peaked single since "This Is Me" reached number nine in August 2008. The song also debuted at number two on the Hot Digital Songs chart. "Skyscraper" received the Best Video with a Message award at the September 2012 MTV Video Music Awards. The album's second and final single, "Give Your Heart a Break", peaked "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 16, making Lovato's fourth highest peaking song. Also, it has peaked at number 12 on the US Adult Top 40 chart, number 1 on the US Pop Songs chart and became the longest climb by a female artist to #1 in the Pop Songs chart history. In April 2014, the song was certified three-times platinum by the RIAA; as of October 2014, it has sold 2.1 million digital copies.

Lovato released her fourth studio album, "Demi", on May 14, 2013. It became a top-three album in the US. The album’s first single, "Heart Attack", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The next two singles, “Neon Lights” and “Really Don’t Care” with British singer Cher Lloyd, reached the top 40 and were both certified platinum.

Her fifth studio album, "Confident", was her first album to have a Parental Advisory label. It entered the "Billboard" 200 album chart at number two and was released on October 16, 2015. "Confident" became her first album issued through Island Records and Safehouse, a label she formed with singer-actor Nick Jonas. The first single from "Confident", “Cool for the Summer”, reached number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified platinum in the US and became her first top-ten hit in the UK. The single “Confident” was performed at the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in support of Hillary Clinton. “Stone Cold” was issued as the third single from "Confident". The album gave Lovato her first Grammy Award nomination when it was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album.

Lovato released her sixth studio album, "Tell Me You Love Me", on September 29, 2017. It opened at number three on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in the US. It featured the single “Sorry Not Sorry”, which became her highest-charting song in the US when it reached number six on the Hot 100. It also reached number nine in the UK. Lovato performed this song at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards. The promotional singles “Tell Me You Love Me” and “You Don’t Do It for Me Anymore” were also released from the album.

Lovato released her sixth studio album, "Dancing with the Devil… the Art of Starting Over", on April 2, 2021.

In 2007 and 2008, Lovato played Charlotte Adams on the Disney Channel short series "As the Bell Rings". Lovato auditioned for the channel's television film "Camp Rock" and series "Sonny with a Chance" during the summer of 2007, and got both parts. Lovato played the lead character, aspiring singer Mitchie Torres, in "Camp Rock". The film premiered on June 20, 2008 to 8.9 million viewers.

Lovato's Disney Channel sitcom "Sonny with a Chance", with her character Sonny Munroe the newest cast member of the show-within-a-show "So Random!", premiered on February 8. Lovato's acting ability was described by Robert Lloyd of the "Los Angeles Times" as "very good", and he compared them favorably to "Hannah Montana" star (and friend) Miley Cyrus. That June, she co-starred as Princess Rosalinda with Selena Gomez in the Disney Channel film, "Princess Protection Program". The film, the third highest-rated Disney Channel original movie, premiered to 8.5 million viewers.

In May Lovato guest-starred as a teenage schizophrenic in the sixth-season "Grey's Anatomy" episode, "Shiny Happy People". Critics praised her versatility.

"", with Lovato reprising her role as Mitchie Torres, premiered on September 3, 2010. The film premiered to eight million viewers, the number-one cable-television movie of the year by the number of viewers.

That month Lovato also announced her departure from "Sonny with a Chance", putting her acting career on hiatus and ending the series; she later said that she would return to acting when she felt confident doing so. Her departure led to the spin-off series "So Random!" with the "Sonny" cast, featuring sketches from the former show-within-a-show. The series was cancelled after one season.

In May, she became a judge for the second season of the American version of "The X Factor", with a reported salary of one million dollars. Joining Britney Spears, Simon Cowell and L.A. Reid, it was speculated that she were chosen to attract a younger audience. Mentoring the Young Adults category, her final act (CeCe Frey) finished sixth. At the Minnesota State Fair in August, Lovato announced that after a pre-show performance at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards she would release a single by December. On December 24, she released a video on her YouTube account of themselves singing "Angels Among Us" dedicated to the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. In March she was confirmed as returning for "The X Factor"s third season, with her salary reportedly doubling.

Lovato has an eating disorder and has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Lovato’s father, Patrick, died of cancer on June 22, 2013, at age 53. On October 17, 2017, Lovato released a YouTube documentary called "Demi Lovato: Simply Complicated", in which she described her teenage use of cocaine and performing on "American Idol" while hungover. Lovato considers having the right support system to be lifesaving.

On July 24, 2018, the Los Angeles Police Department arrived at Lovato's home for Lovato suffering an alleged drug overdose. She was later revealed to be in stable condition.

In 2021, Lovato said that she had multiple health problems because of the overdose, including multiple strokes, a heart attack, and brain damage, which caused vision problems.

She dated Joe Jonas, whom she first met while filming "Camp Rock" in 2007 through 2010. Lovato dated actor Wilmer Valderrama on-and-off from 2010 until 2016.

On May 19, 2021, Lovato announced that she was gender nonbinary and her shift to using singular "they" pronouns. She later changed her pronouns to include she/her in April 2022.


Road (sports)

Road game (short for on the road), better known as an away game, is a reference to all cities and stadia/arenas/fields/venues where an athletic team plays games for which they are not the host. 


Parqués

Parqués is a Colombian board game. The game is similar to those in the Cross and Circle family (the category that includes Pachisi). The game is described as a "random thinking" one: the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move. The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end.

Parqués is the Colombian version of Pachisi, which originated in India. Although it could be argued that the game comes from Spain due to the similarity between the games, there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian. Parqués stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi, Parchís or Ludo. There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India. Moreover, no Parqués game is played in any other countries. Parqués is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture. Other Colombian variations also exist.

In Colombia, people from all parts of the country play the game; it is very popular, played by both children and adults. Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece, on capturing pieces, or on winning the game, to make gameplay more interesting. There are boards for 4, 6 and 8 players. The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams, singers, actors, or other cultural figures on the jail boxes.

The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass. The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily. There are versions of the board that are made from paper to make it portable.

Parqués is played with two dice; two to eight players can compete in the same match, depending on what type of game board is used. Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific colour. The most common colours are red, blue, yellow and green, usually arranged in that order. The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces

The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and is where they go whenever an opponent "captures" them. The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to "free" the pieces. Rolling different pairs or "doubles" allows more pieces to be "freed":


When the pieces are freed, they are placed in a special box next to the jail. This box is called "Home", or "Salida" (literally, "exit" in Spanish).

If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn, he passes the dice to the player on his right. Otherwise, he frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them. He throws again and must move the values of the dice with his pieces.

For example:

The player rolls 5-3

After he makes his move, he must pass his turn to the player on the right.

The pieces cannot go backwards and they cannot be in any of the four boxes before their "Home" box.

Each player can throw the dice once. There are some exceptions to this rule:


The player can capture an opponent’s piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other player’s piece. However, he cannot capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box. Capturing in Colombia is called “eating” (“comer” in Spanish).

However, the player can capture pieces on his HOME box. When he frees any piece from jail, the pieces placed on his HOME are captured, that is, sent to its jail, losing all their advances.

The player can avoid capturing the piece. On that case, an opponent has to accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail. If nobody notices, nothing happens.

There are three types of special boxes.



Home (sports)

In sports, home is the city and stadium, arena, or field where an athletic team plays games at their own venue, not visiting other teams.


Hurricane Hugo

Hurricane Hugo was a powerful Category 5 hurricane that struck Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Puerto Rico, St. Croix, South Carolina and North Carolina in September of the 1989 Atlantic hurricane season, killing 82 people and leaving 100,000 homeless. At the time, Hurricane Hugo left the most damage for a hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean, although other storms have since caused more destruction. Hugo is currently the tenth costliest hurricane in the United States.

The name Hugo was retired. The name Humberto has been used every six years since 1995 instead.

Wichita (disambiguation)

Wichita is the name of:


Jerry Lawler

Jerry Lawler (born November 29, 1949) is an American professional wrestler and wrestling commentator, known also by his nickname "The King". He has won more championship belts than any other wrestler. His son was Brian Christopher who was also a WWE wrestler.

Lawler's home city Memphis is where he is most famous and had the biggest moments of his career including a steel cage match against Randy Savage and his famous clashes with Andy Kaufman. He also had a memorable "Empty Arena Match" against Terry Funk and some classic matches facing Ric Flair.

Lawler joined WWE in 1993, feuding with Bret Hart.

Jerry became a commentator for WWF Raw and WWF SmackDown but changed to just Raw in the Brand Extension in 2002. In 2005, he entered a feud with Muhammed Hassan his first main wrestling rivalry, losing to Hassan at New Years Revolution with Jim Ross in his corner. He called the Royal Rumble 2006 match alongside SmackDown announcer Michael Cole. Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame at WrestleMania 23 in 2007. In the summer of 2007 he entered a feud with King Booker over who was the real 'King' which resulted in Booker beating down Jerry on an episode of Raw and an episode of Saturday Night's Main Event. At the Great American Bash 2007, Booker demanded that Jerry give him his crown but Jerry told him to get it himself which Booker refused. In June 2008, his long commentary team with Jim Ross came to an end when Ross was drafted to SmackDown and Michael Cole was drafted to Raw. The following week they were attacked by Kane. On the March 30, 2009 episode of Raw he lost to Chris Jericho after challenging him to a match. On the July 20th episode of Raw he managed to defeat Brian Kendrick. On the November 16th episode of Raw he was attacked by Sheamus. In June 2010, he was attacked by The Nexus during their invasion on Raw while Michael Cole escaped. He teamed with other Nexus victims in a losing effort against The Nexus. On the November 29th episode of Raw he challenged The Miz for the WWE Championship in a TLC match but lost when Michael Cole and Alex Riley attacked him. He won a battle royal to challenge Miz again at Elimination Chamber 2011 for the title but lost. The following night on Raw, Cole mocked him and his deceased mother resulting in a match between the two at WrestleMania 27. Jim Ross returned to show his support for Lawler and at the event lost to Cole via disqualification after guest ref Steve Austin pushed Cole. He and Ross then began feuding with Cole and his trainer, Jack Swagger. At Extreme Rules they lost to them in a Country Whipping match. At Over The Limit, Lawler beat Cole in a Kiss My Foot match. Had Cole won, Lawler would have been forced to give him his Hall of Fame ring. The following week on Raw, Cole apologised and they went back to being a commentary team. 
Jerry Lawler participated in the 2012 Royal Rumble match but was eliminated by Cody Rhodes after just 43 seconds. Fellow commentators, Michael Cole and Booker T also competed with Rhodes eliminating Booker and them both eliminating Cole. On the April 30th episode of Raw, Lawler competed in a Beat The Clock challenge but was beaten in the finals by Daniel Bryan who earned a WWE Championship match at Over The Limit. On the July 9th episode of Raw he was granted his rematch with Cole and won but the GM overuled the decision and Santino Marella revealed the Anonymous GM to be Hornswoggle. On July 23rd during Raw 1000, CM Punk attacked The Rock and Lawler proclaiméd that Punk had turned his back on the WWE Universe. The following week, Punk defended this and was involved in a confrontation with Lawler and Jerry apologised. On the August 30th episode of Raw after John Cena refused to say that Punk was the 'Best in the World' seeing as Punk had been WWE Champion for almost a year, Punk told Jerry to come in the ring and say it. When Jerry refused, Punk attacked him. On the September 3rd episode of Raw, Lawler asked Punk for an apology but after Punk mocked him, they faced off in a steel cage match that night with Punk winning and beating Jerry down after the match until John Cena made the save. The following week on Raw, Jerry teamed with Randy Orton to face CM Punk and Dolph Ziggler and won. However, later in the show Jerry suffered a legit heart attack on commentary during a tag team match between Kane and Daniel Bryan and Darren Young and Titus O'Neill. He was taken to hospital and his life was saved. He returned to WWE on the November 12th episode of Raw but his return was interrupted by CM Punk and Paul Heyman who mocked his heart attack.

At Wrestlemania XXVII, he faced Michael Cole with "Stone Cold" Steve Austin as the special guest referee. Lawler won the match by submission but the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the decision because Stone Cole had pushed Cole in the match earlier on which made Cole the victor.

Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007 by William Shatner.


We Rock (Camp Rock song)

We Rock is a song off the soundtrack of Camp Rock. The song also featured on the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock". We Rock is also the first track on the "Camp Rock Soundtrack". The song was sung by Demi Lovato and other cast members of the movie "Camp Rock". The song was released in May 2008. The song was also the on the pre-release version of the Soundtrack.



Turkish alphabet

The "Turkish alphabet" is used for writing, speaking and reading in Turkish. This alphabet is modified from the Latin alphabet.
There are 29 letters in the Turkish alphabet of Turkey. The English letters, "Q", "W" and "X" are not in Turkish alphabet. Seven Turkish letters (Ç, Ğ, I, İ, Ö, Ş, and Ü) are in the Turkish alphabet.

There are 8 vowels in the Turkish alphabet: A,E,I,İ,O,Ö,U,Ü

There are 21 consonants in the Turkish alphabet: B, C, Ç, D, F, G, Ğ, H, J, K, L, M, N, P, R, S, Ş, T, V, Y, Z.

This is Me (Demi Lovato song)

"This Is Me" is a song sang by Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas. It is from the 2008 television movie "Camp Rock". It was written and produced by Adam Watts and Andy Dodd. The song was on the "Camp Rock" soundtrack and was released as a single.

Play My Music

"Play My Music" is a 2008 song performed and recorded by The Jonas Brothers. The song was featured on the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock". "Play My Music" is also on the original version of The Camp Rock Soundtrack and the pre-release album ("Camp Rock Soundtrack (Pre-release)").

Michael

Michael [ mahy-k"uh"l ] is a male Hebrew name, popular in English. It is from the angel Michael in the Bible. (See for example Book of Revelation 12:7) The moniker Michael has been a beloved choice for boys for centuries, boasting a rich history and profound significance that appeals to parents seeking a powerful and meaningful name for their offspring. Originating from the Hebrew name Mikha'el, the name Michael translates to "who is like God?" and holds deep biblical roots. It is closely linked to the archangel Michael, recognized as one of the most potent angels in both Christian and Jewish teachings. Michael is also popular in English speaking countries, and in modified forms, many other countries. This name was ranked #17 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Panda (disambiguation)

Panda may mean:





Rivaldo

Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira (born 19 April 1972), simply known as Rivaldo, is a former Brazilian football player, as an attacking midfielder. He could also be a second striker, and sometimes a wide midfielder or as a winger.

Palmeiras

Barcelona

Milan

Cruzeiro

Olympiacos

Bunyodkor

Brazil U23

Brazil

Individual

Peter Reid

Peter Reid (born 20 June 1956) is an English football manager, pundit and former player.

Bolton Wanderers

Everton

Individual

Sunderland

Thailand

Individual

Mehdi Mahdavikia

Mehdi Mahdavikia (born 24 July 1977) is an Iranian football player. He plays for Steel Azin and Iran national team.

54||18||2||2||11||4||67||24
252||29||4||1||19||0||275||30
306||47||6||3||30||4||342||54

!Total||111||13

Ali Karimi

Mohammad Ali Karimi ( ; born 8 November 1978) is an Iranian football coach and former professional footballer.

Persepolis

Al-Ahli

Bayern Munich

Schalke 04

Tractor Sazi

Iran

Individual

Ray Harford

Raymond Thomas (Ray) Harford (1 June 1945 — 9 August 2003) is a former English football player.

as a player with Colchester United

as manager of Luton Town

John Welsh

John Joseph Welsh (born 10 January 1984) is an English former professional footballer who played as midfielder.

Welsh notably played in the Premier League for Liverpool, where he began his career before playing for Hull City, Chester City, Carlisle United, Bury, Tranmere Rovers and Grimsby Town. In 2019 he dropped down to play at semi-professional level with Atherton Collieries before finishing his career with Stafford Rangers.

Preston North End

José Luis Chilavert

José Luis Chilavert (born 27 July 1965) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

394||35
79||0
50||0
14||4
537||39

!Total||74||8

Erik Nevland

Erik Nevland is a football player. He plays for Fulham and Norway national team.

135||62
8||2
4||0
88||43
235||107

!Total||4||0

Bill Shankly

Bill Shankly (2 September 1913 – 29 September 1981) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

He was brought up in the mining village of Glenbuck. His dad was a miner, but Bill would not go down the mine so he went to football training instead. Glenbuck Cherrypickers were the start of his playing job. He then went to Scotland for a year (1938–1939). After that he went to Preston North End.
Bill played for Preston until the Second World War started. During the war he served in the army and met his wife Ness. After the war he was manager of Carlisle, Workington and Grimsby. He became assistant manager of Huddersfield Town but left in 1959 to manage Liverpool. He won lots of cups at Anfield. He was much loved by the Liverpool fans. He left in 1974 but afterwards wished he hadn't.

Billy McNeill

William McNeill (2 March 1940 – 22 April 2019) was a Scottish football player and manager. He played as a defender.

McNeill was born in Bellshill. He played for nearby club Blantyre Victoria before signing for Celtic in 1957. During his playing career at Celtic, McNeill was the captain of the clubs most successful sides of the 1960s and 1970s. In his 18 seasons at the club, Celtic won many honours. This totalled nine league titles, seven Scottish Cups, six Scottish League Cups and one European Cup. In the 1966–67 season, Celtic won the European Cup Final against Inter Milan, with McNeill as captain. This was the first European Cup won by a British side, and the only to date won by a Scottish side. Celtic again made the European Cup Final in 1970. However, McNeill's side lost to Feyenoord.

McNeill played all of his senior games for Celtic. This makes him the Celtic player with the most games played for the club at 822. He retired from playing in 1975.

McNeill played for Scotland between 1961 and 1972. In the 29 games played for his country, he scored three goals.

Soon after retirement from playing, McNeill became a football manager. For a short time, he managed Clyde. He left Clyde after a short time for Aberdeen. He finished as a runner-up in the league and Scottish Cup with Aberdeen. Celtic manager Jock Stein left the club in 1978. McNeill soon became Celtic's manager. As Celtic manager between 1978 and 1983, he won three league titles, a Scottish Cup and a Scottish League Cup. He would go on to manage English sides Manchester City (1983–86) and Aston Villa (1986–87).

McNeill returned to manage Celtic in 1987. In his first season in his second stint, Celtic won the league and Cup double. The next season, 1988–89, the side won another Scottish Cup. However, the next two seasons saw no trophies won at Celtic and McNeill was sacked in May 1991. He never returned to full management but was caretaker manager at Hibernian for a short time in 1998.

McNeill was awarded an MBE in 1974. He also wrote three books, "For Celtic and Scotland" (1966), "Back to Paradise" (1988) and "Hail Cesar" (2004).

In February 2017, McNeill's family said that he had been living with dementia for many years. He died on 22 April 2019, at the age of 79.

486||22||94||7||137||4||69||3||786||36
486||22||94||7||137||4||69||3||786||36

!Total||29||3




Edmundo (footballer)

Edmundo (born 2 April, 1971) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

316||154||||||||||316||154
54||16||||||||||54||16
31||18||3||2||8||5||42||25
401||188||3||2||8||5||412||195

!Total||37||10


Adrian Mutu

Adrian Mutu (born 8 January 1979) is a Romanian football manager and former player. He plays for Fiorentina and the Romania national team.

74||35||colspan="2"|-||9||7||83||42
209||86||10||3||25||13||244||102
27||6||4||3||7||1||38||10
310||125||14||6||42||22||366||153

!Total||67||30

David Moyes

David Moyes is a Scottish former footballer and is currently a manager. He is the manager of West Ham United. As a player, he played for Preston North End, Dunfermline Athletic, and Shrewsbury Town

Gérard Houllier

Gérard Paul Francis Houllier OBE (3 September 1947 – 14 December 2020) was a French football manager and former player. He was the technical director of NSWL team OL Reign at the time of his death. Houllier is most known for his time at Liverpool, and is considered one of their best managers because of the trophies he won.

Houllier died on 14 December 2020 at a Paris hospital from heart surgery-related problems, aged 73.

Nœux-les-Mines


Paris Saint-Germain

Liverpool

Lyon

France U18

Individual



Waggle dance

The waggle dance is a special 'figure-of-eight' dance that is done by the honey bee in its hive. By this, a worker tells the others where it has found nectar. This was shown by the Austrian ethologist Karl von Frisch.

The dance is a type of communication for bees. It is done to give other bees information about the direction and distance to flowers that have nectar or pollen, or both. It is also used to tell the bees where water can be found.

The dance is used for bees to get others to help them collect resources for the hive. It used to be thought that bees have two distinct "recruitment" dances. There were the "round dances" and waggle dances. Round dances were thought to be used for things that were close by and wiggle dances were for things farther away. It is now known that a round dance is only a waggle dance with a very short "waggle run" (see below).

A waggle dance is made up of one to 100 or more circuits. Each circuit has two phases. These phases are the waggle phase and the return phase. When a bee returns to the hive after finding a good food source, it performs the dance. The bee will run through a small wave-like pattern (a waggle run or waggle phase). After this, it will turn to the right and circle back to the starting point (the return phase). It will then do another waggle run and then turn to the left and circle back to the beginning. The waggle phase of the dance is the most notable and informative part of the dance.

The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers. Flowers that are located directly in line with the sun are shown by waggle runs in an upward direction on the vertical combs. If the flowers are at an angle to the right or left of the sun, the waggle run is done at the same angle to the upward direction. The distance between hive and flowers is shown in the duration of the waggle runs. The farther the flowers are from the hive, the longer the waggle phase. For every 100 meters the flowers are distant from the hive, the waggle phase lasts about 75 milliseconds.

People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish, birds, and ants. Recently, there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for fault-tolerant routing. From the abstract of Wedde, Farooq, and Zhang (2004)

Another technique based on bees is called bee colony optimization. It is used help Internet servers communicate better.



Jim McLean

James Yuille McLean (2 August 1937 – 26 December 2020) was a Scottish football player and manager. He was best known for being the manager of Dundee United F.C. for 22 years between 1971 and 1993. While he was at Dundee United, the team won the 1982/83 Scottish Football League Championship and made it to many cup finals including the 1987 UEFA Cup Final against IFK Gothenburg.

McLean died at the age of 83 on 26 December 2020 from dementia-related problems. 

German Grand Prix

Active drivers are in bold.

"Embolded constructors are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

Active constructors are in bold.

Hockenheimring

The Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg is an automobile racing track near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Amongst other motor racing events, it holds the annual Formula One German Grand Prix in turns with the Nürburgring. Being in the Rhine valley, the circuit is almost completely flat, with very little change in height.

Singapore Grand Prix

The Singapore Grand Prix is a Formula One race staged in the Marina Bay area of Singapore, the race is Formula One's first night race. The first race was won by Spanish driver Fernando Alonso of the Renault F1 team on 28 September 2008. 

2013 Sebastian Vettel Red Bull-Renault 2014 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2015 Sebastian Vettel Ferrari 2016 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2017 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2018 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2019 Sebastian Vettel Ferrari 2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 Sergio Perez Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Carlos Sainz Ferrari

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

No team has won the grand prix more than once.

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.



Morrissey

Steven Patrick Morrissey (born 22 May 1959), known by the stage name of Morrissey from his surname, is an English musician, singer and songwriter. He helped form and sang lead for the English band The Smiths from 1982 to 1987. After the band's breakup, he went on to become a successful solo artist. Morrissey has had many Top 10 hits. In 2013 Morrissey released his autobiography. Morrissey is known for his support of animal rights.

Born at Park Hospital in Davyhulme, Morrissey grew up as a Catholic as his parents were Irish Catholic immigrants. His parents had emigrated to England just before Morrissey's birth and, along with his only sibling (elder sister Jackie) they created a new life for themselves within the Manchester district of Hulme.

The Smiths were formed in early 1982 by Morrissey and John Maher, a guitarist and songwriter, Maher later changed his surname to Marr to avoid confusion with the Buzzcocks drummer. During the five years of The Smiths, Marr and Morrissey produced four studio albums, one live album as well as nineteen singles, along with the two other band members, bass player Andy Rourke and drummer Mike Joyce. 

Each of their four albums The Smiths, Meat Is Murder, The Queen Is Dead and Strangeways, Here We Come were in the top two of the UK Albums Chart, with Meat Is Murder was number one. Their live album Rank also peaked at number two in the album charts. To date seven compilation albums have been produced with an eighth due for release.

Following the split of The Smiths, Morrissey produced and released nine studio albums under five different music labels. His ninth album, Years of Refusal, was released on 16 February 2009. The album got good reviews from music critics.


Morrissey has been vegetarian since he was 11 years old.

In early 2013, Morrissey was diagnosed with a bleeding ulcer. In March 2013, he had double pneumonia. In June 2014, he had a respiratory infection. In October 2014, he said that he had treatment for cancer.

Hernando de Soto Polar

Hernando de Soto Polar (born June 2, 1941 in Lima) is an economist and politician from Peru. He has become known for what he wrote and said on the Informal economy and property rights.

In 2020, he announced his candidacy for President of Peru for the 2021 general election. He came fourth in a race of 18 candidates. 

In his books, de Soto says that an economy cannot go past the stage of a subsistence economy if there is not a formal system of owning property (land or goods). Developing countries have "informal ownership" since no formal certificate says that land or goods really belong to a certain person.

De Soto thinks the capitalist economies of the United States developed because they had a clear system of owning property. For the United States, the formal system of owning property came from it being a colony of England. Japan's formal system came after the Second World War.

Because formal ownership systems do not exist in developing countries, the poor people in these nations cannot develop. They cannot use their land as a guarantee to the bank to get money to build something, for example. De Soto argues that this is the basis for enterpreneurship. In much of the developing world,famers therefore are left with subsistence agriculture. As such, he argues that this informal ownership should be made formal, for example by giving squatters in shanty towns land titles to the land they now live on.

De Soto also argues that government bureaucracy greatly hinders the ability for people to hold private property, for example:

Thus entrepreneurs are driven to form "underground" economies, but de Soto points out the serious disadvantages:

Thomas Sowell writes:


Belgian Grand Prix

The Belgian Grand Prix is an motor race, part of the Formula One World Championship.
The first national race of Belgium was held in 1925 at the Spa region's race course, an area of the country that had been associated with motor sport since the very early years of racing before the turn of the century. To accommodate Grand Prix racing, the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps race course was built in 1921 but it was only used for motorcycle racing until 1924. After the 1923 success of the new 24 hours of Le Mans in France, the Spa 24 Hours, a similar 24 hour endurance race, was run at the Spa track.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999–2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.


Hernando de Soto

Hernando de Soto (Jerez de los Caballeros, Badajoz, Spain, c.1496/1497–May 21, 1542) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador. He led the first European expedition deep into the territory of the modern-day United States. He was trying to find gold and a way to China. The expedition explored the southern United States. De Soto was probably the first European to discover the Mississippi River. He died in 1542 on the banks of the Mississippi River at present-day Lake Village, Arkansas. 

Hernando de Soto was born to parents who were hidalgos in Extremadura. In this region, there was a lot of poverty and hardship. For this reason, many young people looked for ways to seek their fortune elsewhere. 

De Soto’s parents were poor. Two towns, Badajoz and Jerez de los Caballeros, claim to be his birthplace. All that is known with certainty is that he spent time as a child at both places. In his will, he wanted to be buried at Jerez de los Caballeros, where other members of his family were also buried. 

The Age of the Conquerors began right after of the Spanish reconquest of the Iberian peninsula from Islamic forces. After the Moors were defeated, Spain and Portugal were filled with young men begging for a chance to find military fame. After explorers discovered new lands to the West (which they thought was far East Asia), many more young men became explorers with the goal of earning wealth and glory.

De Soto sailed to the New World in 1514 with the first Governor of Panama, Pedrarias Dávila. During the conquest of Central America, de Soto became known for his leadership, his strong loyalty, and his extortion of native villages for their captured chiefs. He gained fame as an excellent horseman, fighter, and tactician. However, he was also well known for his extreme brutality.

De Soto was influenced by Juan Ponce de León, who discovered Florida; Vasco Núñez de Balboa, who discovered the Pacific Ocean (which he called the "South Sea" below Panama); and Ferdinand Magellan, who first sailed the Pacific Ocean to the Orient.

Circuit de Monaco

Circuit de Monaco is the name given to a motor racing circuit laid out on the city streets of Monte Carlo and La Condamine around the harbor of the principality of Monaco. It is commonly referred to as "Monte Carlo" because it is largely inside the Monte Carlo neighborhood of Monaco.



Dutch Grand Prix

The Dutch Grand Prix is a Formula One motor race held at Circuit Zandvoort, from 1952 to 1985. It was brought back in 2021.

In 1985 the company that ran the circuit (CENAV) went out of business. This marked the end of Circuit Zandvoort. The municipality of Zandvoort took over ownership. Part of the grounds and track were sold in 1987 to Vendorado, a Bungalow park developer.

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.
"Active constructors are in bold".

"Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

United States Grand Prix

The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908, when it was known as the "American Grand Prize". The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship. From 2000 to 2007, the race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway road course. the United States Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One calendar starting in 2008.

In 2010, the FIA announced that the race would return to the United States at a new circuit near Austin, Texas. The new track, known as the Circuit of the Americas, hosted its first U.S. Grand Prix in .

Formula One returned to the United States in . The race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. A road course was built for the Formula one race. Part of the oval track was used, including the main straightaway and turn 4. The remaining part of the road course was built in the infield portion of the track. Even thought most American races run counter-clockwise, including the Indianapolis 500, the Formula One course was built to run clockwise.

A new race track is being built in the Austin area. This track is being designed and built for the use of Formula One racing and MotoGP, and will also host a round of V8 Supercars, an Australia-based touring car racing series. The track will be located southeast of Austin next to state highway 130. The track will be located on a 900 acre site. The location used to known as the Wandering Creek property.

Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season. A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Ilmor in 2001, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT


Spanish Grand Prix

The Spanish Grand Prix () is a Formula One race currently held at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. The race is one of the oldest in Formula 1 racing.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season"<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Designed and built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 designed and built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event that was not part of the Formula One World Championship."<br>
"A yellow background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war European Championship."<br>
"A green background indicates an event that was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Sports car race<br> 
† Officialy named as RACE Grand Prix

Canadian Grand Prix

The Canadian Grand Prix (known in French as the "Grand Prix du Canada") is an auto race held in Canada since 1961. It has been part of the Formula One World Championship since 1967. It was first staged at Mosport Park in Bowmanville, Ontario as a sports car event before it alternated between Mosport and Circuit Mont-Tremblant, Quebec after Formula One took over the event. After 1971 safety concerns led to the Grand Prix moving permanently to Mosport. In 1978 the Canadian Grand Prix moved to its current home on Circuit Île Notre-Dame in Montreal. In 1982, the track was renamed to Circuit Gilles Villeneuve. This was to honour Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve, following his death in 1982.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada and was replaced by the Turkish Grand Prix 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT

 2006: Race started on ITV4 due to ITV showing coverage of the FIFA World Cup but simulcasted the race with ITV until the end of the race. <br>


Anantnag District

Anantnag () is a district in the Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir in northwestern India. It is one of six districts which make up the Kashmir Valley. The district headquarters is Anantnag.


Pakistan International Airlines

Pakistan International Airlines Corporation, more commonly known as Pakistan International Airlines or PIA ( or ), is the flag carrier and national airline of Pakistan.




Islamabad International Airport

Islamabad International Airport is the main international airport serving the Islamabad-Rawalpindi metropolitan area and surrounding suburbs. It is Pakistan's largest airport, after Jinnah International Airport in Karachi and is built 20 km away from the twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi near the Kashmir Highway and Motorway Interchange.

The airport commenced full operations on 3 May 2018, replacing the defunct Benazir Bhutto International Airport which now forms part of the Pakistan Air Force Base Nur Khan.

International Air Transport Association

The International Air Transport Association is an international industry trade group of airlines. It is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where the International Civil Aviation Organization also is. The main goal of the organization is to assist airline companies to achieve lawful competition and uniformity in prices.


Indian Sign Language

Indian Sign Language (ISL) is possibly the predominant sign language variety in South Asia, used by at least several hundred thousand deaf signers (2003).

1935–36 NHL season

The 1935–36 NHL season was the 19th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Eight teams each played 48 games. The Detroit Red Wings were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


Coppins

Coppins is an English country house in the village of Iver in Buckinghamshire. It was changed for Princess Victoria, a daughter of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra. After her father's death, Princess Victoria stayed with Queen Alexandra at Sandringham House as her mother's companion. After Queen Alexandra's death in 1925, Princess Victoria moved into Coppins, which had a "relaxed air of a holiday villa". Victoria lived for another ten years, dying at Coppins on 2 December 1935, aged 67. She left the house to her nephew, Prince George, the Duke of Kent, and his wife Princess Marina. It was owned by the Kent family for two generations, and was sold in 1973 to Commander Eli Gottlieb.


Bagshot Park

Bagshot Park (Grid reference: ) is a royal residence. It is south of Windsor. It is located in Bagshot, Surrey, and is the current home and official residence of Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Bagshot Park is a few miles from Sunninghill Park, the former home of Prince Andrew, Duke of York. 

Balmoral Castle

Balmoral Castle is a royal residence in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is located near the village of Crathie, west of Ballater and east of Braemar. It was purchased by Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's husband, in 1848. Victoria and Albert paid £300,000 for full ownership of the house in 1852. Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone in 1853, signed a parchment recording the date, and placed it in the hole prepared for the stone. The area of Balmoral covers approximately . Today, Balmoral is owned privately by the British royal family, and was one of Queen Elizabeth II's favourite summer retreats. This is the place where Queen Elizabeth II died on 8 September 2022.

Beech

The Beech is a large tree in the genus "Fagus" in the plant family Fagaceae. There are about 10 species, all native to Europe, Asia, and North America.

The flowers are small and single-sex (monoecious), the female flowers are carried in pairs, the male flowers are wind-pollinating catkins, produced in spring shortly after the new leaves appear. The bark is smooth and light grey. The fruit is a small, sharply three–angled nut 10–15 mm long. The nuts are edible, though bitter (though not nearly as bitter as acorns). They have a high tannin content, and are called beechnuts or beechmast.

Beech grows on a wide range of soil types, acid or basic, provided they are not wet for long periods. The tree canopy casts a heavy shade, and the leaves, when dropped, cover the ground thickly. Few plant grow under beech trees.

In North America, they often form Beech-Maple forests by growing together with the Sugar Maple.

The beech has been used for its wood by man for thousands of years. The wood is white, or reddish if grown on acid soil, but fine grained, smooth and heavy when first cut. It may split as it dries. It is a good wood for making ornaments, tool handles, kitchen utensils, furniture and parts of buildings. Beechwood burns well and is used, among other woods, to smoke herrings in Scotland. It can also be made into charcoal.

The southern beeches "Nothofagus" previously thought closely related to beeches, are now treated as members of a separate family, Nothofagaceae. They are found in Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, New Caledonia, Argentina and Chile (mostly on the southern tip in Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego).

The beech blight aphid ("Grylloprociphilus imbricator") is a common pest of beech trees. Beeches are also used as food plants by some species of butterflies and moths (see .

Fagales

The Fagales are an order of flowering plants, including some of the best known trees. The order name is derived from genus "Fagus", Beeches. They belong among the rosid group of dicotyledons. The families currently included are as follows:


Bioethics

Bioethics is a field of ethics in philosophy that studies the ethical, legal and social issues in medicine and biology. It is often used to study how the new discoveries in science will affect humans, animals and nature.


Caricaceae

Caricaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Brassicales, found in tropical regions of Central and South America and Africa. They are short-lived evergreen pachycaul shrubs or small trees growing to 5–10 m tall; many bear edible fruit.

The family comprises six genera and about 34-35 species:

Pollen

Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains, which produce sperm cells (male cells used for reproduction) of seed plants. The pollen grains are actually haploid male gametophytes.

The anther contains microsporangia. Each microsporangium contains pollen mother cells. These undergo meiosis, and produce pollen grains, which produce the male gametes (sperm).

The pollen is released by the opening of the anther. The pollen is carried by some agent (wind, or some animal) to the receptive surface of the carpel of the same or another flower. This process is known as pollination. After successful pollination, the pollen grain (immature microgametophyte) completes its development by growing a "pollen tube" and undergoing mitosis to produce two male gametes.

There are two main kinds of pollination. One kind happens when pollen from a stamen sticks to the pistil of the same plant. That is self-pollination.

The other kind of pollination takes place when pollen from one plant travels to the pistil of another plant. Most plants use this kind of pollination. Plants need help for this kind of pollination, because they cannot move. So, they need another way to move pollen from one plant to another plant.

The wind helps move pollen between plants. The pollen of some plants is very light. Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant. The wind can move pollen a long way before the pollen hits the sticky top of a pistil.

Animals also help move pollen between plants. Many flowers are colourful and their scent attracts some animals. These flowers also make a sweet juice called nectar. Sometimes an animal, such as a bee, sees or smells a flower. Then, it lands on the flower to get nectar. As the bee drinks the nectar, the stamens brush pollen onto its body. Then, the bee flies to another flower that has a pistil. The pollen on the bee's body brushes onto the sticky top of the flower's pistil. The pollen is used as protein for the bee larvae.

The plants help feed the animal. In return, the animal helps the plants by moving pollen from flower to flower. The relationship has evolved together; it is a kind of co-evolution called mutualism or symbiosis.

We Ski

We Ski, also known as Family Ski in Japan and Europe is a video game for the Wii. It is the first third-party game (and second game behind "Wii Fit") released that makes use of the Wii Balance Board.

A sequel, "We Ski & Snowboard", which adds snowboarding to the game, was released in Japan November 13, 2008.


Denison, Texas

Denison is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States. The amount of people living there was 24,479 at the 2020 census. It is one of two principal cities in the Sherman-Denison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The city of Denison was founded in 1872 in conjunction with the MKT or "Katy" depot It was named after the rich Katy vice President George DenisonBecause the town was made at the intersection of the MKT and the Red River (both important conduits of transportation in the industrial era), it came to be an important commercial center in the 19th century American West.

The name of Denison was given by French people because during the 19th century a horticulturalist from this place saved the grapes of France. During the same century a famous president of the USA, Dwight David Eisenhower was born there. The next century has contributed to Denison history because there was a conflict about some artworks that showed up in Denison in the 1980s.

In 2020, Denison contained a population of 24,479. For females we have 12,848 (52.5%) and for males 11,631 (47.5%). Median resident age was 40.3 years. In 2000, median house value was estimated at $52,100 and in 2008 median house hold income was estimated at $38,843.

Denison is a city of Texas. It has its own mayor named Robert Brady. Denison and all the state of Texas have two representative senators: John Coryn and Key Bailey Hutchison.

The diversity of religions and the government laws create the spread of different cultures and arts. Therefore, Denison was designated by the Texas Commission on the Arts as one of seven pilot cities for the Texas Arts and Cultural District in September 2009.

Mentha

Mentha (mint) is a genus of about 25 species (and many hundreds of varieties) of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae (Mint Family). Mint leaves are used for flavoring, such as in mint chocolate chip ice cream, mint chutney, and mint tea.

Health Benefits of Mint
Caution for GERD Patients: Individuals with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) should be cautious with mint consumption, as it may trigger symptoms.

Lamiales

The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants. It includes about 11,000 species divided up into about 10 families. A few well-known members of this order are the lavender, the lilac, the olive, the jasmine, the ash tree, the teak, the snapdragon, and a number of table herbs such as mint, basil, and rosemary.

Lamiaceae

Lamiaceae or Labiatae, also known as the mint family, is a family of plants. It includes about 210 genera and about 3,500 species. It has been considered closely related to Verbenaceae but 1990s phylogenetic studies have shown that a lot of the genera classified in Verbenaceae belong instead in Lamiaceae, whereas the core genera of Verbenaceae are not closely related to Lamiaceae and are more closely related to other members of the Lamiales.

Nepeta

Nepeta is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. 

Some members of this group are known as catnip or catmint because of their effect on house cats. The oil in the leaves of some "Nepeta" species gives cats euphoria, that is, it makes them feel good. They get a "high", roll around, and may cry out, jump and behave in an unusual way.

Garden angelica

Garden angelica ("Angelica archangelica"; syn. "Archangelica officinalis" Hoffm., "Archangelica officinalis" var. "himalaica" C.B.Clarke, "Angelica sativa" Mill.) is a biennial plant from the umbelliferous family Apiaceae. Other English names are Holy Ghost, Wild Celery, and Norwegian angelica. 

People can eat the stem and roots. It looks very similar to some poisonous species ("Conium", "Heracleum", and others). Because of this it is important to know for certain it is garden angelica before eating it.

During its first year it only grows leaves. The flowers blossom in July. There are many small flowers that are yellowish or greenish in colour.

It grows wild in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Iceland, mostly in the northern parts of the countries.

From the 10th century on, angelica was grown as a vegetable and medicinal plant. It is used to flavour liqueurs or aquavits, omelettes, trout and jam. The long bright green stems are also candied and used as decoration.


Rosemary

Rosemary ("") is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves. It is native to the Mediterranean region. It is a member of the mint family Lamiaceae, which also includes many other herbs.

Numerous cultivars have been selected for garden use. The following are frequently sold:

Liquorice

Liquorice (UK) or licorice (US) (see spelling differences) (, or ) is the root of "Glycyrrhiza glabra", from which a sweet flavour can be extracted. The liquorice plant is a legume (related to beans and peas) and native to southern Europe and parts of Asia. It is an herbaceous perennial, growing to 1 m in height, with pinnate leaves about 7–15 centimetres (3–6 inches) long, with 9–17 leaflets. The flowers are 0.8–1.2 cm (1/3 to 1/2 inch) long, purple to pale whitish blue, produced in a loose inflorescence. The fruit is an oblong pod, 2–3 centimetres (about 1 inch) long, containing several seeds.

Faboideae

Faboideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae or Leguminosae. An acceptable alternative name for the subfamily is Papilionoideae, or Papilionaceae when this group of plants is treated as a family.

This subfamily is widely distributed and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments. Faboideae may be trees, shrubs or herbs. The flowers are usually papilionaceous and root nodulation is very common. Vetch, Laburnum, and Sweet pea are all members of Faboideae.

Galegeae

Galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily Faboideae. The tribe is found mostly in the northern hemisphere, but can also be found in Australia, Africa, and South America. The type genus is "Galega".


Glycyrrhiza

Glycyrrhiza is a genus of about 18 species in the family Fabaceae (Leguminosae). It is found in Asia, Australia, Europe, and the Americas. It is best known for liquorice (British English; licorice in American English), which is the product of "G. glabra", a species from the Mediterranean region. Very little "G. glabra" is grown in North America, but American Licorice "G. lepidota" is a common native species there. Russian Liquorice ("G. echinata") and Chinese Liquorice ("G. uralensis", Chinese: "gāncǎo", 甘草 lit. "sweet grass" or "sweet herb") are also grown, the latter being important in traditional Chinese medicine.

Species include:

Cumin

Cumin ("Cuminum cyminum") sometimes spelled cummin is a flowering plant, native from the east Mediterranean to East India. Its seeds are used in the cuisines of many different cultures. The use of cumin is very common in Indian and Pakistani foods.

Savory (herb)

Satureja is a genus of aromatic plants of the family Lamiaceae, related to rosemary and thyme. There are about 30 species called savories, of which Summer Savory and Winter Savory are the most important in cultivation.


Superchunk

Superchunk is an American indie rock band. Superchunk first came together in 1989 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina with Mac McCaughan singing and playing guitar, Laura Balance playing bass, Jack McCook playing guitar and Chuck Garrison playing drums. The members of the band are now Mac McCaughan, Laura Balance, Jon Wurster playing drums and Jim Wilbur playing guitar.

Superchunk is well known for their style of loud and fairly simple songs that are about things that happen in ordinary life.

For their self-titled first album, Superchunk was signed to Matador Records. Starting with their next album, "No Pocky for Kitty", they have released all of their albums on a label they made themselves called Merge Records.

Semi-automatic

Semi-automatic may mean:

Semi-automatic firearm

A semi-automatic, or self-loading firearm is a gun that requires only a trigger pull for each round that is fired, unlike a single-action revolver, a pump-action firearm, a bolt-action firearm, or a lever-action firearm, which require the shooter to manually chamber each successive round. Also, unlike a double-action revolver, power from one shot is used load the next, instead of using power from pulling the trigger.

Semi-automatic rifle

A semi-automatic rifle is a type of rifle that fires a single bullet each time the trigger is pulled, without the need manually to operate a bolt, lever, pump or other firing or loading mechanism. Such a rifle can fire single rounds like this until the firearm's bullets in the cartridges is gone. On the other hand, a "fully" automatic weapon (a machine gun, for example) keeps firing until the trigger is released, and can fire hundreds of shots for every trigger press.

Bolt action

A bolt action gun has a breech (back part of the barrel) that is opened and closed by hand with a small handle. They can only be fired once before the breech must be opened for a new round to enter the chamber, where it can then be fired from. Many older sniper rifles, as well as many hunting rifles today, work in this way.

When the bolt is opened, the first cartridge in the gun is loaded. After firing the gun, opening the bolt takes out the empty cartridge, and closing the bolt puts in a new one. Bolt action rifles are usually the most accurate type of small arms, leading them to be used widely as marksman rifles. The rifle won't cycle a round without the shooter doing it manually, causing less movement of parts and gases while the round is being fired. This improves accuracy, but also increases recoil compared to automatic rifles of the same caliber.

Despite being significantly slower to fire than lever-action rifles, which were invented around the same time, militaries across the world chose to replace their muzzleloader muskets with bolt action guns rather than lever action ones, because bolt action rifles are loaded over the barrel. This allows easier loading by a shooter lying on the ground, without affecting aim. With lever action guns, on the other hand, the ground is in the way of loading downwards, and to load the gun would mean to throw off the shooter's aim since the gun must be turned sideways.

Famous bolt action rifles include the Springfield M1903, the G98, the Lee-Enfield, and the Mosin-Nagant.

Trigger

Trigger may mean:

In psychology and ethology:

In computing:

In physics:

In music:

Trigger (firearms)

A trigger is a mechanism that you pull on a firearm to shoot. Triggers almost always have levers or buttons for the index finger.

Afghanistan War

The terms Afghan War or War in Afghanistan may mean:


Diatomic molecules

Diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms, of either the same or different chemical elements.
Two atoms are bonded together to form a unit known as a diatomic molecule.

Examples are hydrogen (H), nitrogen (N) and oxygen (O), and carbon monoxide (CO). 

Fragile Future

Fragile Future is the third album by Hawthorne Heights. It was released in 2008. It was their first album without Casey Calvert, because he died in late 2007. Casey was the backing vocalist who used death growls in the songs. This album has no death growls or harsh vocals at all because the band decided not to replace Casey with a new person who could do death growls.

Hawthorne Heights did not have a lot of success on the singles, but it was seen as a new start for the band.

While much of the album was inspired by things that had been happening to the band, it never says the words "Casey" or "Victory Records"

The album art includes a picture of Casey Calvert near a lamppost.


Dundalk

Dundalk () is a town in County Louth, Republic of Ireland, near the border with Northern Ireland. It takes its name from , "Dalga's fort" and officially became a town in 1189. It is located at a ford on the Castletown River. The town's crest reads "Mé do rug Cú Chulainn Cróga" (I gave birth to brave Cú Chulainn)
Dundalk is twinned with the town of Rezé in France.

Dundalk has a large population of 39,004 inhabitants. In 2003, Dundalk was amongst nine cities and towns to be given "Gateway status" in the Irish Government's "National Spatial Strategy". "Gateway towns" will be the first to get funding for improving their towns.

County Louth

County Louth () is a county on the east coast of Ireland, on the border with Northern Ireland.

The county town is Dundalk, which is also the largest town in Louth. Most people that live in Louth live in the two biggest towns, Dundalk and Drogheda. The 2006 Census showed that Dundalk and Drogheda as not only the largest towns in the Louth, but also the second and third largest towns in Ireland.

Louth is nicknamed "the Wee County" because it is the smallest county in Ireland ("wee" means small).

The old Irish name of the county Lughbhaidh comes from the place where people worshipped the Celtic god whose festival was celebrated at .

The name is now spelled as An Lú. This is just the modern way of spelling Lughbhaidh. 'Lú' means 'small' in Irish, but this is not where the name comes from.

The history of Louth goes back a long time. Before people wrote down histories and dates, a famous Irish story is supposed to have happened in Louth. It is called the Táin Bó Cúailge. In this story, a famous warrior called Cúchulainn fights a whole army by himself to protect a brown bull from being stolen.

There are some old monasteries in the county including Monasterboice and Mellifont Abbey

In the fourteenth century the Scottish army of Edward Bruce lost the Battle of Faughart near Dundalk. Edward was killed in the battle. Oliver Cromwell attacked Drogheda in 1649 killing the Royalist garrison (Siege of Drogheda).



Robot Chicken

Robot Chicken is an American sketch comedy adult stop-motion animated television series and sitcom. It is shown on a part of Cartoon Network called "Adult Swim". It was created by Seth Green and Matthew Senreich.

Victor Hammer (businessman)

Victor J. Hammer (November 1, 1901 – July 21, 1985) was a businessman, founder and owner of the Hammer Galleries in New York City. He was the younger brother of Armand Hammer.

Victor attended Princeton University, where he graduated in 1921 with a degree in Art History.

Victor was business partner to his brother Armand Hammer on several business ventures, including Hammer Galleries in New York City, founded in 1928 as a way to funnel profits made in Soviet Russia out of that country. At one point, British Intelligence believed Hammer Galleries was a front for Soviet Intelligence. The Hammer brothers had been in contact with Soviet authorities for a number of reasons, such as famine relief as well as when the Soviets sought a buyer for the treasures of the Hermitage as a way to earn hard currency. Victor was responsible for acquisitions for Hammer Galleries, including the so-called Romanov Treasures and Fabergé eggs. In 1937, Time Magazine described Victor and Armand as "Two of the most startling characters in the U. S. art world are the Brothers Armand and Victor Hammer, one with a medical degree, both friends of Soviet Russia.".

Victor Hammer was a prolific philanthropist. He, along with his brothers Harry and Armand, purchased Campobello Island and donated it to the US and Canada as the countries' first joint park, known as Roosevelt Campobello International Park


MySims

MySims is a video game for the Wii and Nintendo DS.

The Sun (United Kingdom)

The Sun is a tabloid daily newspaper published in the United Kingdom and Ireland. By circulation it is the eighth largest newspaper in any language in the world. It is published by News Group Newspapers of News International, itself a subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. The Sun has many different categories, for example, Sport.

There is also a Scottish ("The Scottish Sun"), Irish ("The Irish Sun"), American ("The U.S. Sun"), and Nigerian (The Sun Nigeria) edition. 

M2 Browning

The M2 Machine Gun, or Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun. It was nicknamed "Ma Deuce" by US troops or simply called "fifty-cal." due to its caliber.

John Moses Browning (1855–1926) of Ogden, Utah, was the inventor. His military arms were considered to be outstanding. German Field Marshal Hermann Göring said, "If the "Luftwaffe" (German Air Force) had the Browning .50-caliber, the Battle of Britain would have turned out differently". 

Browning began work on the .50-caliber machine gun in July 1917 and it was introduced in 1918. It was a belt-fed, automatic weapon that came in both air-cooled and water-cooled versions. The gun was capable of single-shot or fully automatic fire. The U.S. Army, Army Air Forces, and Navy all adopted it immediately. 

The Browning .50 caliber machine gun has been used as a vehicle weapon and for aircraft by the United States from the 1920s to the present day. It was used during World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, as well as during operations in Iraq in the 1990s and 2000s. It is the primary heavy machine gun of NATO countries, and has been used by many other countries. It is still in use today, with only a few modern improvements. Right now, it is the longest serving machine gun in the US military.

Stealth

Stealth may refer to:

Stealth technology, technology used to conceal ships, aircraft, and missiles

Stealth technology

Stealth technology also known as LOT (Low Observability Technology) is a sub-discipline of military (like Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine, Coast Guard and National Guard in the North American United States) electronic countermeasures which covers a range of techniques used with aircraft, ships and missiles, in order to make them less visible. 

For example, stealth technology was developed to make aircraft difficult to detect with radar. 

Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians

The Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) is a political party created by Makhdoom Amin Fahim. The party is an electoral extension of the Pakistan Peoples Party.

Bangladesh Nationalist Party

The Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) is a major political party in Bangladesh, founded in 1978 by Ziaur Rahman. After Rahman's assassination in 1981, Khaleda Zia led the party until her imprisonment in 2018. Currently, Tarique Rahman, their son, serves the party as acting chairperson from London.

Rosmarinus

Rosmarinus is a small genus of woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in the family Lamiaceae, native to the Mediterranean region.

Apiales

The Apiales are an order of flowering plants. The families given at right are typical of newer classifications, though there is some slight variation, and in particular the Torriceliaceae may be divided. These families are placed within the asterid group of dicotyledons.

Apiaceae

Umbellifers (Umbelliferae/Apiaceae) are angiosperms including cumin, parsley, carrot, coriander/cilantro, dill, caraway, fennel, parsnip, celery, anise, and other relatives. It is a large family with about 300 genera and more than 3,000 species. It is the 16th-largest family of flowering plants, with more than 3,700 species in 434 genera. There are a small number of poisonous plants. Hemlock has a paralysing effect. There are a lot of phototoxic species. Light causes changes which produce toxic chemicals. Phototoxicity causes a chemically induced skin irritation. It needs light, and does not involve the immune system. It is a type of photosensitivity.

The defining characteristic of the family is the inflorescence. The flowers usually grouped in terminal umbels, as shown in the photograph. They are usually compound, and called umbelliform cymes. They are groups of groups.

Angelica

Angelica is a genus of about 50 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae, native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere, reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland. They grow to 1-3 m tall, with large bipinnate leaves and large compound umbels of white or greenish-white flowers. 

Some species can be found in Purple Moor and Rush Pastures.


Blephilia

Blephilia ("Downy Pagoda Plant" or "Wood Mint") is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. They are all herbaceous plants native to eastern North America. The species are most often found in thin woods and in granite and limestone soils. Blephilia hirsuta and Blephilia ciliata are considered threatened or endangered in some states.


Ballota

Ballota (horehound) is a genus of about 35 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, native to temperate regions of Europe, north Africa and western Asia, with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region. They are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera including "Coleophora" case-bearers: "C. ballotella", "C. lineolea" (which has been recorded on "B. nigra") and "C. ochripennella".


The genus is closely related to "Marrubium", with some species having been included in that genus in the past.

Agastache

Agastache, is a genus of 9–12 species of perennial herbs in the family Lamiaceae, native to eastern Asia (one species) and North America (the rest).

Acrocephalus (plant)

Acrocephalus is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae, containing about 130 species.

Acinos

Acinos is a genus of ten species of annual and short-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europe and western Asia. Its name comes from the Greek word "akinos", the name of a small aromatic plant. They are small, tufted, bushy or spreading plants growing to 10–45 cm tall. The 2-lipped, tubular flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer.


Acanthomintha

Acanthomintha is a genus of the Lamiaceae, or mint family. The "Acanthomintha" genus is commonly referred to as Thornmint. There are a number of species within this genus, including the endangered species "Acanthomintha duttonii". All four thornmints are native to the California Floristic Province. The origin of the genus name is from the identical Greek word meaning "thornmint".

There are four species of "Acanthomintha":


Franz von Papen

Franz Joseph Hermann Michael Maria von Papen zu Köningen (29 October 1879 - 2 May 1969) was a German nobleman, Catholic monarchist politician, General Staff officer, and diplomat. He was Chancellor of Germany in 1932 and as Vice Chancellor of Germany in 1933-1934. He was a member of the Catholic Centre Party of Germany until 1932. 

Papen was one the people who believed and said that they (the conservative elite and the military) could control Adolf Hitler when he becomes Chancellor of Germany; and was responsible for his rise to power along with Reich President Paul von Hindenburg, when he persuaded Hindenburg, that the other alternative to Hitler was Communist rule, which they saw as more dangerous. 

As a result, Hindenburg appointed Hitler as Chancellor on 30 January 1933. But von Papen's belief in controlling Hitler and his assurances to Hindenburg did not happen, because Hitler started to control them and gain more power. In March Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act of 1933 which gave special powers to Hitler and his government, and he became a dictator. Von Papen and the conservatives lost all influence, though most of them stayed as members in Hitler's cabinet with no powers, until the fall of the Third Reich.

Before and during World War II he was an ambassador, from 1934 to 1938 in Austria, and from 1939 to 1944 in Turkey.

Von Papen was one of the 24 people charged at the Nuremberg Trials. The court decided he was not guilty.

Lemon balm

Lemon balm ("Melissa officinalis") is a perennial herb in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean region. It grows to 70–150 cm tall. The leaves have a gentle lemon scent, related to mint. At the end of the summer, little white flowers full of nectar appear and attract bees. Its flavour comes from the terpenes citronellal, citronellol, citral, and geraniol.

Bronchitis

Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi caused by irritation. It may also refer to acute bronchitis or chronic bronchitis. It can be caused by infection or other causes such as smoking, or being exposed to cigarettes.



Kashmiri people

The Kashmiri people are a Dardic ethnic group living in the central valley of Kashmir in the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir. They speak the Kashmiri language. Kashmiri is an Indo-Aryan language. The Kashmiris are also known as Koshur.

There are about 7.1 million people speaking the Kashmiri language. About 6.7 million of them live in Jammu and Kashmir, and about 350,000 in Azad Kashmir and the Federally Administered Northern Areas (FANA) in Pakistan. Although all residents of Azad Kashmir call themselves 'Kashmiri', most residents of Azad Kashmir are not ethnic Kashmiris but rather a northern subgroup of Punjabis who speak a northern Punjabi dialect.


Hastings

Hastings is a town on the coast of East Sussex in England. It is the administrative centre for the borough of the same name.

Hastings gave its name to the Battle of Hastings in 1066.

Malvern College

Malvern College is a coeducational British public School, founded in 1865. It is in Malvern, Worcestershire.

This is a short list:


United Nations peacekeeping missions involving Pakistan

UN peacekeeping missions involving Pakistan covers a long and cherished history of Pakistani involvement with the United Nations. Pakistan joined the United Nations on 30th September, 1947. Since 1960, Pakistan has been actively involved in most of the UN Peacekeeping missions and today stands at the top with 10,175 troops and observers serving in current missions. Some of the major contributions were in Somalia, Sierra Leone, Bosnia, Congo and Liberia.

Pakistan Army

The Pakistan Army () is the largest branch of the Pakistani military set up, and is mainly responsible for protection of the state borders, the security of administered territories and for defending the national interests of Pakistan within the framework of its international obligations.

The main fighting regiments of the Pakistan Army comprise the Infantry and the Armoured Corps. The main Infantry regiments of the army are:

Armoured Corps units include:

The Pakistan Army, along with the Pakistan Navy and the Pakistan Air Force, combine to make the world's sixth largest military force.

Every year in Pakistan, 6 September is celebrated as 'Defence of Pakistan Day', or 'Pakistan Army Day'.

Web of the City

Web of the City (first called Rumble) is the first book that was written by Harlan Ellison. The book follows the story of Rusty Santoro, a teenage member of the Cougars street gang in the 1950s Brooklyn, New York. In order to create the book, Ellison spent time in a real street gang in Brooklyn.

Pakistan Armed Forces

The Pakistan Armed Forces () are the overall unified military forces of Pakistan. The Pakistani military was first formed when the nation achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947.

Its component branches are:


Approximately 870,000 people are on active duty in the military which is the world's 5th largest armed force as of 2023 and 1,400,000 reserve personnel's. Combined with the 2,000,000 strong Paramilitary forces and the Coast Guard, the Military of Pakistan has a total size of nearly 4,270,000 people.

Pakistan Navy

Pakistan Navy () is the naval branch of the military of Pakistan. It is responsible for the defense Pakistan's coastline along the Arabian Sea and the defense of important harbors. It operates a wide range of ships ranging from cruisers to destroyers as well as submarines. Navy day is celebrated on September 8 in commemoration of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.

Spider Kiss

Spider Kiss (first called Rockabilly) is a 1961 book that was written by Harlan Ellison. The story follows the fast rise and fall of an early rock 'n' roll singer named Stag Preston.

Pakistan Air Force

Pakistan Air Force (, Pak Faza'ya) (PAF) is the Aviation branch of the Pakistan armed forces and is responsible for defending Pakistani air-space from intrusions. It also provides air support for ground troops. Every year on the 7th of September, the day after the annual celebration of the Pakistan Defense Day, the day is celebrated as the Air Force day in Pakistan. That day air shows and other programs mark the PAF's role in defending the nation.

The fighter fleet of PAF (Pakistan Air Force) comprise of J-10 C Vigorous Dragon, F-16 Fighting Flacon, JF-17 Thunder, Mirage III, Mirage V, F-7 P & PG Skybolt. However, for the training purposes, it uses Super Mushshak SMK, T-37 Tweet Bird and Karakorum K-8.

The Vines

The Vines are an Australian garage rock band from Sydney, Australia, notable for creating a musical combination of '60s rock and '90s alternative music. They have won an ARIA in 2002 for Breakthrough Artist and received nominations for six other awards in the same amount of years.

They also appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone in October 2002 (the first Australian band to do so since Men At Work in 1983) with the words "Rock is Back: meet the Vines" boldly emblazed underneath.




The Libertines

The Libertines were an indie rock band from London, England. They were formed in 1997 and broke up in 2004. The Libertines released two albums. Their second album "The Libertines" went straight to number one in the UK. It is in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". The first single from the album, "Can't Stand Me Now", reached number two in the UK Singles Chart.

The Hives

The Hives are a Swedish rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in the early 2000s as a leading group of the garage rock revival, playing garage punk. Their breakthrough came with the release of the "best-of" compilation "Your New Favourite Band", featuring their most commercially successful song "Hate to Say I Told You So".



Interpol (band)

Interpol is an alternative rock band from New York City. Popular songs include Evil, PDA and NYC. The band's current members are Paul Banks, Daniel Kessler, and Sam Fogarino. Bassist Carlos Dengler departed the band in 2010.

Paul Banks is the artist name used by the lead vocalist and one of the guitarists in the band Interpol. He is American but was born in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, England. The family moved back to the USA, where his parents were from, when he was five. The family lived in Chicago, Illinois and Virginia Beach, Virginia. They also spent time in Europe and Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico before he attended college. 

He uses an alias in Interpol and in his solo work to separate life from work. In addition to Interpol, he has released one album, "Julian Plenti Is... Skyscraper" in 2009 and one EP, "Julian Plenti Lives..." in 2012, using the name "Julian Plenti". He also released one album, "Banks," in 2012, as "Paul Banks". A mixtape entitled "Everybody on My Dick Like They Supposed to Be" was made available to download on Datpiff in 2012. The tape has contributions from El-P, High Prizm, Talib Kweli and Mike G. 

Daniel Kessler - lead guitar.

Sam Fogarino - drums.

Interpol formed in the 1997 at NYU and signed to Matador Records in 2002. Their first album, "Turn On The Bright Lights" was released on August 20, 2002, through Matador Records. Well known singles and music videos from this album this include "Obstacle 1", "PDA" and "NYC". 

The band's second album, "Antics" was released September 28, 2004, also through Matador Records. Well known singles and music videos from this album include "Slow Hands", "Evil" and "C'mere". The "Evil" music video, directed by Charlie White is perhaps Interpol's best known. It shows a lifelike puppet surviving a car wreck. The meaning behind the song is much discussed, though Interpol have denied that it is about serial killers.

The band's third album, "Our Love To Admire" was released July 10, 2007 through Capitol Records. Well known singles and videos from this album include "The Heinrich Maneuver", "No I Threesome" and "Rest My Chemistry".

In July 2010, Interpol announced the departure of bassist Carlos Dengler. The fourth album, "Interpol", was released on September 7, 2010. Well known singles and videos from this album include "Barricade" and "Lights". The video for "Lights" was again directed by Charlie White.

The fifth album and most recent album, "El Pintor", was released on September 8, 2014. Well known singles and videos from this album include "All The Rage Back Home", "My Desire" and "Everything Is Wrong". 



Editors (band)

"This article is about the band called Editors. For help with editing Wikipedia, see ."

"<nowiki>"</nowiki>Editors<nowiki>"</nowiki> redirects here. For other uses, see Editor".
Editors are an indie rock band from England. They were formed in 2002. They were first called Pilot, then The Pride and also Snowfield. The band members are:

Editors have so far made two platinum albums, selling over two million copies around the world. Their first album, "The Back Room", came out in 2005. It had hit songs such as "Munich" and "Blood" and the following year was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Their next album "An End Has a Start" went to number one in the UK Album Chart in June 2007. It was nominated for a BRIT Award for best British Band. The second album also had a Top 10 hit single, "Smokers Outside the Hospital Doors".

After success in the charts, sold out tours and playing as the main act at many festivals, The Mail on Sunday newspaper said the Editors were the second biggest British band of the decade, after Arctic Monkeys. Their style of epic, sweeping, indie rock is often compared to the sound of bands such as Echo and the Bunnymen, Joy Division, Interpol and U2.


A Clash of Kings

A Clash of Kings is the second of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. It was first released on 16 November 1998 in the United Kingdom, but the first United States edition did not come out until March 1999. It won the Locus Award in 1999 for Best Novel and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 2000 for Best Novel.


A Storm of Swords

A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. It was first released on 8 August 2000 in the United Kingdom, and in November 2000 in the United States.

"A Storm of Swords" won the 2001 Locus Award and 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2002 Nebula Award for Best Novel. It was also put up for the Hugo Award, but it lost to JK Rowling's novel "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".



A Feast for Crows

A Feast for Crows is the fourth of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. The book was first released on 17 October 2005 in the United Kingdom, and in the United States on 8 November 2005.

Like "A Storm of Swords", "A Feast for Crows" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel, and was also the first book in the series to get to the top of the "New York Times" bestseller list.



Zest (ingredient)

Zest is the outer skin of citrus fruit. Cooks use it to add strong flavor to foods.

Paprika

Paprika is a spice made from the grinding of dried sweet red bell peppers. The word comes from a Turkish word meaning "pepper". In many non-English speaking European countries, the word "paprika" also refers to bell peppers themselves. The seasoning is used in many cuisines to add color and flavor to cooked foods.

Clove

A clove ("Syzygium aromaticum", syn. "Eugenia aromaticum" or "Eugenia caryophyllata") is an aromatic dried flower bud of a tree in the family Myrtaceae. Cloves are native to Indonesia. A clove tree is an evergreen and grows to the height of 8-12 m. The part used in cookery is a dried flower bud. Cloves are harvested primarily in Zanzibar, Indonesia and Madagascar; it is also grown in India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, where they call it lavang.

Cloves are used in cooking, whole or ground. If you put whole cloves in a ham, they will impart their flavour to the meat. Dried cloves are a key spice in India.

Cloves were once traded in Portugal. Clove was once one of the most valuable spices, a kg costing 7 g of gold.

Myrtales

The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants. They are a basal group of dicotyledons. 


Myrtaceae

The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants, in the order Myrtales. Myrtle, clove, guava, feijoa, allspice, and "Eucalyptus" belong here. 

All species are woody, with essential oils, and flower parts in multiples of four or five. One character of the family is that the phloem is on both sides of the xylem, not just outside as in most other plants. The leaves are evergreen, alternate to mostly opposite, simple, and usually with an entire (not toothed) margin. The flowers have a base number of five petals, though in several genera the petals are minute or absent. The stamens are usually very conspicuous, brightly colored, and there are many of them.

Government of Pakistan

The Government of Pakistan (), uses a federal parliamentary system, with a President as the Head of State and an indirectly-elected Prime Minister as the Head of Government.

Syzygium

Syzygium is a genus of flowering plants, belonging to the myrtle family Myrtaceae. The genus comprises about 1100 species, and has a native range that extends from Africa and Madagascar through southern Asia east through the Pacific.


Junoon (band)

Junoon (, meaning "obsession" in Urdu and "madness" in Arabic) is one of Pakistan's most popular rock bands. It is from the city of Lahore. It was formed in 1990 by guitarist/songwriter/medical doctor Salman Ahmad. It comes in the genre of Sufi rock.

Transportation in Pakistan

Transportation in Pakistan is extensive and varied but still in its developing stages. It serves a population of over 170 million people. Construction of new airports, roads, and railway provides jobs for many people.

Rail services in Pakistan are provided by the state-run Pakistan Railways, under the supervision of the Ministry of Railways. Pakistan Railways provides an important mode of transportation in Pakistan. It does large-scale movement of people and freight. The railway network is long. Broad gauge is of that. There are of electrified track. The narrow gauge tracks form the remaining . Pakistan Railways also operate special trains for various occasions. The Freight Business Unit, with 12000 personnel, operates over 200 freight stations on the railway network. The FBU serves the Port of Karachi and Port Qasim as well as various other stations along the network. It moves agricultural, industrial and imported products such as wheat, coal, fertilizer, cement, and sugar. The freight rates structure is based on market trends in road transport which is the main competitor to rail transport.

The Karachi Circular Railway opened in the early 1940s. It is the only functioning metro in Pakistan. In 1976, Karachi was going to begin work on an underground metro system, but plans were put on hold. The Lahore Metro also serves from Gagu Matta to Shahadara.





During the 1990s, Pakistan began an ongoing project to rebuild all National Highways of Pakistan throughout the country to important financial, cargo and textile centers. The National Highway Authority (NHA) is responsible for the maintenance of all national highways in Pakistan.





The construction of motorways began in the early 1990s. The idea was to build a world class road network and to reduce the load off the heavily used national highways throughout the country. The M2 motorway was the first motorway completed in 1998. It links the cities of Islamabad and Lahore. Many new motorways have opened up including the M1 motorway and M3 motorway.


List of companies based in Tulsa, Oklahoma

Companies headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma

This list is very out of date and incomplete.



ONEOK

ONEOK, Inc. (pronounced like 'one oak') () is a diversified Fortune 200 corporation based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Founded in 1906 as Oklahoma Natural Gas Company, it is one of the largest natural gas distributors in the United States.


Ashley Force

Ashley Force (born November 29, 1982) is a funny car drag racer. She is the daughter of 14-time NHRA Funny Car division champion John Force and his wife Laurie Force.

Ashley Force is featured with her family on A&E's reality show "Driving Force".

Cottontail rabbit

Cottontail rabbits live in America. They are any of several North, Central and South American rabbit species of the genus "Sylvilagus".

Most cottontail rabbits of the genus have a short tail with a white underside that shows when they are running away. This gives them their name, "cottontails." However, this feature is not present in all cottontails. Some can be different.

The cottontail rabbit lives most across North America, Central America, and South America. Most species live in nests called "forms".

Cottontail rabbits do not get the disease myxomatosis as easily as European rabbits.


Selhurst Park

Selhurst Park is a football stadium in the London Borough of Croydon. It is home to Crystal Palace Football Club.

Zack de la Rocha

Zack de la Rocha (born January 12, 1970) is the lead singer of American rock band Rage Against the Machine. He was born in Long Beach, California.

Zack was interested in punk rock - including bands such as the Sex Pistols and the Clash - from a young age. In seventh grade, Zack played guitar in a punk band called Juvenile Expression, along with his friend Tim Commerford, who played bass. As a teenager, Zack grew to like hardcore punk bands such as Minor Threat and Fugazi, and joined Hardstance as a guitarist. In 1988, Hardstance changed it's name to Inside Out, and Zack became vocalist. Inside Out broke up in 1991. In August of that year, while performing in a club, Zack was approached by Los Angeles local musicians Tom Morello, a guitarist, and Brad Wilk, a drummer and the three agreed to form a band called Rage Against the Machine, which was the name of a song Zack had written when he was vocalist. De la Rocha asked former Juvenile Expression bandmate Tim Commerford to play bass, and he agreed.

As a teenager, de la Rocha became a vegetarian for ethical reasons.

Zack wrote most of Rage Against the Machine's songs, with lyrics that talked about politics and current events. The band signed with Epic Records in 1992 and released three original albums between 1992 and 1999- "Rage Against the Machine" in 1992, "Evil Empire" in 1996, and "The Battle of Los Angeles" in 1999. Zack left the band in October, 2000 for "political and creative differences". A fourth album, "Renegades", was released in December.

On January 22, 2007, it was announced that they would reunite to play a show in Coachella, California. Since then, the band has been active in political causes and is planning to release a new album in 2011.

Fire triangle

The fire triangle is used to show the rule that a fire needs three things to burn. These things are heat, fuel, and oxygen. If one of these three is removed, the fire will be put out. In the middle of the fire triangle there is also a chemical reaction.

Without heat, a fire cannot begin. If fire becomes cool enough, it will not keep burning. Heat can be removed by using water. This only works on some types of fire. Separating burning fuels from each other can also reduce the heat. In forest fires, burning logs are separated and placed into safe areas where there is no other fuel. Turning off the electricity in an electrical fire removes the heat source, but other fuels may have caught fire. They will continue burning until the firefighters deal with them and their fire triangles. Without oxygen, a fire can not start. Oxygen may be removed from a fire by covering it in some way. Some foams and heavy gases (for example, carbon dioxide) are often used for this. The fire can also be closed off away from a source of oxygen. Once all the oxygen in the closed off area is used by the fire, it will go out if it cannot get more oxygen because it needs oxygen. And can be used

Modus ponens

Modus ponendo ponens is a valid, simple argument form in classical logic sometimes referred to as affirming the antecedent or the law of detachment. It is closely related to another valid form of argument, "modus tollens" or "denying the consequent".

"Modus ponens" is a very common rule of inference, and takes the following form: 


Angelo State University

Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo, Texas. It started in 1928. As of 2008, it had about 6,150 students.

The sports teams at Angelo State are called Rams for the men and Rambelles for the women.


Nicaragua

Nicaragua is a country in Central America. It is officially called the Republic of Nicaragua (). It has a size of 129,494 square kilometres. It is the largest country in Central America. It borders Honduras to the north and Costa Rica to the south. The capital of the country is Managua. Managua is the third-largest city in Central America. It is also the biggest city of Nicaragua. Almost a quarter of the population lives in the capital city. 

The population of Nicaragua is approximately 6 million. The population is multicultural. The population includes indigenous native tribes from the Miskito Coast, Europeans, Africans, and Asians. The main language is Spanish. Some native tribes on the eastern coast speak their native languages. Some of these languages are Miskito, Sumo, and Rama. Some people speak English Creole. Creole is a curious mix-match of English, Dutch, French, Portuguese and Spanish. It dates back to the days when pirates hid out among the islands and cays that make up the coastline. The mixture of cultures has created diversity in art and literature. Some famous Nicaraguan writers are Rubén Darío, Ernesto Cardenal, and Gioconda Belli. The International Poetry Festival held each February in Granada attracts poets and fans from all over the world. Unlike the majority of Latin American countries, Nicaraguans do not see soccer as their main sport. Baseball is king here, an influence from the years of United States occupation in the early 20th century. Music in Nicaragua is the same as elsewhere in the region. The traditional Latin styles like salsa and meringue rule. The Caribbean side has its own Caribbean Island vibe, as well as the traditional Garifuna Punta style. 

The biological diversity, warm tropical climate, and active volcanoes make Nicaragua an increasingly popular tourist destination.

Battle of the Bands

In music, a Battle of the Bands is a contest where many bands compete against each other to see who is the "best" band. Battles of the Bands are most common with rock music bands. The winner is usually chosen by judges or by the reaction of the audience to a band's performance. The winner can then receive a prize which could be money or a recording contract.

Lalon Shah Bridge

Lalon Shah Bridge is the second longest bridge in Bangladesh. Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia inaugurated the bridge at a ceremony held at Paksey. The bridge directly connects the north-western and south-western regions of the country by road. The river Padma had separated the two regions.

The 1.8 K.M long bridge has been constructed parallel to historic Hardinge Railway Bridge over the river Padma with the financial assistance from Japan. To construct the bridge, the Government of Japan through JBIC extended soft ODA Yen loan to Bangladesh in two phases. The first phase loan agreement was signed between Bangladesh and Japan on July 01, 1997 while the second phase loan agreement on March 31, 2001. The total cost of the bridge is US $ 184 million of which JBIC contributed US $ 141 million, which is about 80% of the total cost.

An inauguration ceremony was held at the bridge site at Paksey on May 18, 2004. Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia was the Chief Guest while Ambassador of Japan to Bangladesh H.E. Mr. Matsushiro Horiguchi spoke as the special guest. Mr. Ryutaro Koga, Deputy Director General of JBIC Tokyo read out the message from JBIC Governor Mr. Kyosuke Shinozawa in the ceremony. Mr. Tsutomu Uchida, Chief Representative of JBIC Dhaka was present, among others, in the function.

The Lalon Shah Bridge has some of the deepest concrete piles in the world and the longest continuous segmental deck in the world, erected by using the balanced cantilever technique.

Charlotte Moore Sitterly

Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly (September 24, 1898 – March 3, 1990) was an American astronomer.

Charlotte Moore was born in Ercildoun, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Swarthmore College in 1920 and went on to Princeton to assist Henry Norris Russell. During this time, she worked at the Princeton University Observatory and the Mt. Wilson Observatory. She worked much on solar spectroscopy, studying the spectral lines of the Sun and identifying the chemical elements in the Sun. She earned a Ph.D. in astronomy in 1931 from the University of California, Berkeley on a Lick Fellowship. She then returned to Princeton.

During her second stay at Princeton, she met and married Bancroft W. Sitterly, who became a physics professor. She joined the then National Bureau of Standards (NBS) in 1945. Her tables of atomic spectra and energy levels, published by NBS, have remained essential references in spectroscopy for decades.

Later in her life, it became possible to launch instruments on rockets and she extended her work to the ultraviolet spectral lines.

Widzew Łódź

Widzew Łódź is a Polish football (soccer) club from Łódź, Poland.

The club was started in 1910 and currently plays in the (the highest league in Poland). They have won the Polish league four times (1981, 1982, 1996 and 1997). Their official colours are red-white-red.

Palestinian territories

The Palestinian territories usually refers to the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Their final status has yet to be determined. The territories were originally part of the Israeli Civil Administration, until the Oslo Accords in 1993. They were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s. Israel captured the areas in the Six-Day War in 1967. Palestinian territories border Jordan in the east, Israel in the west. It also borders Egypt on the southwest, which shares the maritime boundary of the Dead Sea.

After the Oslo Accords were signed in 1993, parts of the territories have been governed by the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). Both Israel and the PNA claim East Jerusalem, which was captured by Israel in 1967. In 1980, Israel made a law to include East Jerusalem as part of Israel. This has not been recognized by any other country. Part of Judea and Samaria is ruled by the Israeli 'Judea and Samaria Civil Administration'. This has not been recognized by any other country.

Since the Palestinian Declaration of Independence in 1988, about 130 UN members have recognized the State of Palestine. Israel and the United States have not.

West Indies Federation

The West Indies Federation, also known as the Federation of the West Indies, was a short-lived Caribbean federation. It lasted from January 3, 1958 to May 31, 1962. It was made of several Caribbean colonies of the United Kingdom. The expressed intention of the Federation was to make a political unit that would become independent from Britain as a single state—possibly similar to the Canadian Confederation, or Australian Federation. Before that could happen, the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts.

A Little Bit Longer

A Little Bit Longer is the third hit studio album by American teen pop-rock band "The Jonas Brothers". The album was released August 12, 2008 in the United States. The title of the album, "A Little Bit Longer", comes from their song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote about his dealings with having type one diabetes. The album artwork was released by Team Jonas, the Jonas Brothers' official fan club, to fan club members via an e-mail newsletter on June 20, 2008. Like their last album, this one also features that includes more than 30 pages of bonus features with exclusive video performance, 60 printable photos, complete album lyrics, downloadable graphics, and hidden links. In addition, the packaging of the album is made from 100% recycled materials.



A Little Bit Longer (song)

A Little Bit Longer is a song by the pop band "Jonas Brothers". The song is the last original track on the album "A Little Bit Longer". 

"Track listing"
"Track listing"


Antioxidant

An antioxidant is a molecule that can slow or stop the oxidation, or electron transfer, of other molecules. 

Antioxidants can be found in food.

Antioxidants are molecules that relieve oxidative stress by preventing the formation and oxidation of free radicals. Antioxidants donate one of their electrons or hydrogen to free radicals, stopping their chain reaction. Found in our diet (for example, in vitamins) or formed inside our body (like enzymes), antioxidants can protect us from the damaging effects of free radicals.

The best way to combat free radicals is to have a diet of fresh fruits and vegetables, red wine, and green tea. These functional foods are rich in phytochemicals with antioxidant properties. Health supplements enriched with antioxidants are also now widely available.


Marshmallow

A marshmallow is a candy that is made of sugar or corn syrup, water, and gelatin, that has been pre-softened in hot water, dextrose, and flavorings, whipped to a spongy consistency. Marshmallows are used in several types of candies, on foods, and on some drinks such as hot chocolate.

The weight of a single portion of marshmallows is about (four large marshmallows or a half cup of mini marshmallows)

Coen brothers

Joel David Coen and Ethan Jesse Coen are movie directors, producers and screenwriters. They are brothers and always work together. They have won many awards including the Academy Award "(Oscar)" four times and the Palme d'Or at the Cannes International Film Festival. Their movies are different genres. They sometimes make movies that are funny like "Raising Arizona" or movies with a lot of violence like "No Country for Old Men". They can also mix both styles like, for example in "Fargo".

They write, direct and produce their movies and they share the credits. People sometimes call them "A two-headed director" because when actors who work in their movies have a question they can ask either Joel or Ethan and get the same answer.

Joel was born on November 29, 1954 and Ethan on September 21, 1957 in St. Louis Park, Minnesota near Minneapolis in the United States. Their parents were teachers, their father taught economy and their mother art history. Joel bought a camera and with it they started making new versions of the movies they saw on television.

When they finished high school, Joel studied movie at Bard College at Simon's Rock in Massachusetts and Ethan studied philosophy at Princeton University.

They are married. Joel married actress Frances McDormand in 1984 (she has acted in six of their movies). Ethan is married to Tricia Cook who edits their movies. They live in New York with their families.

Their first movie, "Blood Simple" (1984), follows the story of a bar-owner who asks a detective to murder his wife and her lover. The Cohens directed, but only Joel appears in the credits and he accepted awards at Sundance and Independent Spirit.

They wrote the screenplay for the Sam Raimi movie, "Crimewave" in 1985.

In 1987 they wrote and directed "Raising Arizona". The movie is about a couple that cannot have babies and decides to steal one. Nicolas Cage and Holly Hunter played the married couple. The movie was not very successful and it did not make a lot of money in the box offices but many people consider it a cult movie (a movie that has a relatively small number of fans who constantly repeat lines from the dialogs, buy or create merchandise and gather to comment on it).

Their next movie was "Miller's Crossing". It is about gangsters and was made in 1990.

After "Miller's Crossing", "Raising Arizona" and "Blood Simple", the brothers received good comments on their movies and their directing style as well as the dialogs in their movies. It was not until they made "Barton Fink" in 1991 that the brothers achieved international fame. The movie was nominated for Academy Awards. It won three awards at Cannes International Film Festival (the Palme d'Or, best director, and best actor). The story is about a playwright (a person who writes plays) whose name is Barton Fink and he moves to Los Angeles to write movies. Fink is played by John Turturro.

After "Barton Fink"'s success, the brothers had the chance to make a big-budget movie (with more money than the previous ones). That movie was "The Hudsucker Proxy". The story talks about a man who is given the opportunity to be the director of a big company because the other people in the company (the board) want to buy it at a low price so they intend to have him ruin it. Instead of ruining the company, the man invents the hula hoop and becomes famous.
The Coens had 25 million dollars to make this movie but it only earned 3 million so it is considered a commercial failure (not successful). The critics said the movie was not good because it had nothing new to offer the viewers.

The brothers made another movie in 1996 with a little money. The name was "Fargo". It was universally praised (almost everybody said it was good). They returned to Minnesota because the story takes place there and in North Dakota. The story is about a man who needs money to start his own business so he pays other men to kidnap his wife and plans to ask his rich father-in-law for the ransom (money given in exchange for the woman). Everything goes wrong and a series of violent events starts.
Experts say the movie was very good because of the dialog used by the actors (they used different accents) and Frances McDormand's performance (acting). She won the Best Actress Oscar. The brothers also won Best Original Screenplay and the Palme d'Or for Best Directing for a second time.

By 1998 they were famous for their style and talent and they made another movie "The Big Lebowski", a comedy about a man who does not work and spends his time bowling. The man's name is Jeffrey Lebowski so some guys mistake him for a millionaire who has the same name. Fans of the movie consider it a cult movie.

Inspired by parts of Homer's Odyssey, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000), received wide critical acclaim.

In 2001 they created "The Man Who Wasn't There". The movie is supposed to be in 1940's in California.

In 2003 they directed "Intolerable Cruelty". It is their most mainstream movie (the movie that is closest to the most common or popular genres). The leading roles are played by George Clooney and Catherine Zeta-Jones.

They worked with Tom Hanks in "The Ladykillers" in 2004. A previous version had been made before (not by the brothers) in 1955.

"No Country for Old Men" came out in 2007. The movie is based on the book with the same name written by Corman McCarthy.

"A Serious Man", set in the 1960s in the suburbs of Minneapolis, came out in 2009.

The Coen brothers are two of only seven directors with three Oscars for the same movie.

1991: "Barton Fink"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

2009: "A Serious Man"

2010: "True Grit"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

2008: "Burn After Reading"

2009: "A Serious Man"

2010: "True Grit"

1998: The Big Lebowski

1991: "Barton Fink"

1994: "The Hudsucker Proxy"

1996: "Fargo"

2000: "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"

2001: "The Man Who Wasn't There"

2004: "The Ladykillers"

2007: "No Country for Old Men"

Find a Way (A Tribe Called Quest song)

"Find a Way" is a single released off of the album by alternative hip hop band A Tribe Called Quest was taken from their fifth studio album "The Love Movement".

The Picture of Dorian Gray

The Picture of Dorian Gray is the only published book written by Oscar Wilde. It was first published in Lippincott's Monthly Magazine on June 20, 1890. Later, Wilde was asked to edit this version, and it was published again in April 1891. The story is often incorrectly called "The Portrait of Dorian Gray".

"The Picture of Dorian Gray" tells about a young man named Dorian Gray who has a portrait painted of himself. The artist, Basil Hallward, thinks Dorian Gray is very beautiful, and becomes obsessed with Dorian. One day in Basil's garden, Dorian Gray meets a man named Lord Henry Wotton. Lord Henry Wotton makes Dorian Gray believe that the only thing important in life is beauty. However, Dorian realizes that he will become less beautiful as he grows older. He wishes the portrait Basil painted would become old in his place. Dorian then sells his soul so he can be beautiful forever, but not on purpose.

Dorian's wish comes true. However, every time Dorian does something evil, mean, or selfish, his picture ages. For 18 years, Dorian does not age. He does many bad things, while his portrait becomes more aged with each bad deed. Later on, Dorian decides to stop doing bad things in the hopes that this will make his portrait become beautiful again, but it only makes it worse. Dorian thinks that only a full confession will make the portrait beautiful again. However, he does not feel guilty for anything he has done. So Dorian picks up a knife and destroys the portrait.

When his servants hear a scream from the room Dorian is in, they call the police. The police find Dorian's body on the floor with a stab wound in his heart. His body has become very aged. However, the portrait has returned to the way it was when it was first painted.

The Little Red Book

The Little Red Book (official title Quotations from Chairman Mao Zedong ) is a book of the sayings of Mao Zedong. The preface was written by Lin Biao. 

It was put out by the military newspaper of the People's Republic of China from April 1964 until about 1976. The book is a collection of quotes taken from Mao Zedong's speeches and books. Its popular title "The Little Red Book" describes its size and appearance: it was specially designed for easy carrying.


Scouting for Boys

Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship is the first book on the Scout Movement, put out in 1908. It was written by Robert Baden-Powell, the starter of the Scout Movement. It is the fourth bestselling book of the 20th century.

Wii Sports Resort

Wii Sports Resort is a sports video game for the Wii. It is a sequel to "Wii Sports" and was released in Summer 2009. The game comes bundled with the Wii MotionPlus device, which is required to play the game, and another Wii Remote Jacket. Both of these are also sold separately. The game is set in a beach resort called Wuhu Island.

"Wii Sports Resort" is a collection of different sports games. There are twelve different sports. Two sports, Golf and Bowling, were also in "Wii Sports".

"Wii Sports Resort" is played similarly to "Wii Sports". Players use the Wii Remote to do different things, such as swinging a sword or throwing a basketball. The game uses the Wii MotionPlus to make these movements more accurate. Up to 4 people can play at the same time, but some sports (like Swordplay) only let 1 or 2 people play at the same time.


Wii Chess

Wii Chess is a video game for the Wii console. It was made by Nintendo. The game was released on January 18, 2008 in Europe. Under the name Tsuushin Taikyoku: World Chess, it was released as a downloadable WiiWare title in Japan on September 30, 2008.

The game is played using the Wii Remote. The game features an option that gives players new to chess instructions on how each piece should move across the board. Players are also able to replay their games at a later time. Players can also play online against other players with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, with Wii Chess players being able to compete against players of World Chess and Wii Chess players play against World Chess Players.

Naked Lunch

Naked Lunch (sometimes referred to as The Naked Lunch) is a novel by William S. Burroughs originally published in 1959. This is the third novel written by the Beat Generation writer, although only his second to be published.

The book was originally published with the title "The Naked Lunch" in Paris in 1959 by Olympia Press. An American edition by Grove Press followed soon after in 1962. The American edition was titled "Naked Lunch" and was different from the Olympia Press edition.

"Time" magazine included the novel in its ""TIME"" 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005".

On the Road

On the Road is a novel by American writer Jack Kerouac, written in April 1951, and published in 1957. Most of it is autobiographical and was written based on the road trips of Kerouac and his friends across mid-century America and is often considered a defining work of the postwar Beat Generation.

When the book was originally released, the "New York Times" hailed it as "the most beautifully executed, the clearest and most important utterance" of Kerouac's generation. The novel was chosen by "TIME" Magazine as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.


William Faulkner

William Faulkner (born William Cuthbert Falkner), (September 25, 1897–July 6, 1962) was an American author. One of the most influential writers of the twentieth century, he was awarded the 1949 Nobel Prize in Literature. His reputation is based on his novels, novellas, and short stories. However, he was also a published poet and also was a screenwriter. He is now deemed among the greatest American writers of all time.

Faulkner received the 1949 Nobel Prize for Literature for "his powerful and artistically unique contribution to the modern American novel." He donated a portion of his Nobel winnings "to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers," eventually resulting in the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. He donated another portion to a local Oxford bank to establish an account to provide scholarship funds to help educate African-American education majors at nearby Rust College in Holly Springs, Mississippi.

Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes for what are considered as his "minor" novels: his 1954 novel "A Fable," which took the Pulitzer in 1955, and the 1962 novel, "The Reivers," which was posthumously awarded the Pulitzer in 1963. He also won two National Book Awards, first for his "Collected Stories" in 1951 and once again for his novel "A Fable" in 1955.

In 1946, Faulkner was one of three finalists for the first "Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine" Award. He came in second to Manly Wade Wellman.

The PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction has its name, in part, as a tribute to Faulkner, because he was one of the main inspirations of Mary Lee Settle, a founder of the PEN/Faulkner Foundation; Faulkner was an inspiration because he used his 1949 Nobel Prize money to fund awards for younger writers.

In 1987, the United States Postal Service issued a 22 cent postage stamp in his honor.





Arthur Miller

Arthur Miller (October 17, 1915 – February 10, 2005) was an American playwright. His best known plays are "All My Sons", "Death of a Salesman" and "The Crucible". He wrote for the movie "The Misfits" while married to Marilyn Monroe. She acted in this movie.

Arthur Miller's family was a rich Jewish family from New York City. During the Great Depression in the 1930s, his family's business was forced to close down and they lost all their money. Because Miller wanted to go to university, he had to work in a warehouse. He studied economics and history at the University of Michigan as well as working for the school newspaper which helped him learn how to write plays. He married Mary Slaughterhouse in 1940.

In Miller’s childhood, his family had money issues. That influenced his writings. He often includes the theme of financial problems which is a result of everything he had seen as a child. Another thing that influenced him a lot was Greek literature. Miller once said that he liked to read Greek literature for ideas to write about. The readers are able to see it in his writing style and the element he uses in his writing.

In 1936 his very first play, "No Villain," was produced and gained a huge success. The play won him a Hopwood Award and people started to get to know him. In 1944, Miller had his first play in the theater on Broadway in New York City, called "The Man Who Had All the Luck". Not many people liked it so this play was stopped after one week. However, three years later, his play "All My Sons" became very popular. This play won the Pulitzer Prize for drama. In 1949, he wrote "Death of a Salesman", a story about the American Dream, it addresses the loss of identity and a man who's unable to accept change within himself and society. In 1953, he wrote "The Crucible", a story about the Salem Witch Trials. He wrote this because of the McCarthyism of the 1950s, the fear that communism would take over America. A few years later, Miller was blamed for being a communist himself. He had to answer questions from the House Un-American Activities Committee, a group that Senator Joseph McCarthy made.



Miller was an atheist.

In 1956, Miller divorced Mary Slaughterhouse so he could marry the actress Marilyn Monroe. During this marriage, he wrote for the movie "The Misfits". Monroe acted in this movie. After five years of marriage, Monroe divorced him.

The following year, Miller married again. The photographer Inge Morath was his third wife, and they were together until she died in 2002. They had two children. His son, Daniel, was born with Down Syndrome. Miller put him in a hospital and did not want to see him again. His daughter, Rebecca, who married actor Daniel Day-Lewis, asked Miller several times to contact his hospitalised son.

In 1964, Miller produced the play "After The Fall" that talks about the marriage with Marilyn Monroe. Later on, during the mid 1990s, he wrote three new plays, including "The Ride Down Mt. Morgan", "The Last Yankee" and "Broken Glasses".

On February 10, 2005, Miller died of heart disease. He was 89.
Miller's ideas influence the society a lot. For example, the way of writing has changed a lot. He often writes about the experience of being human in a very raw but very loving way. He once said that “Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets” which later on has a huge impact on people. Another influence on society is that the way people write stage plays have changed a lot. People tend to focus on characters more than anything else. Miller believes that “the theater is so endlessly fascinating because it's so accidental (happens by chance). It's so much like life.” It reflects on his writing because he likes to write more on the bonds between individual and society rather than only character.

Oral sex

Oral sex is when one partner uses the tongue, mouth or throat to excite the other partner's sex organs. For males it can include placing the penis in one's mouth and for females licking the vulva.

Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse, but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse. 

If someone is performing oral sex on a male, he or she may decide to swallow the semen if the male ejaculates in the mouth. There is no risk of pregnancy from swallowing semen.

One can get sexually transmitted diseases from oral sex, such as herpes simplex (which can be passed between mouth and groin or the other way). Some STDs, like HIV, are much harder to pass through oral sex, but it is still possible.

The technical term for oral sex is fellatio if performed on a male and cunnilingus if performed on a female. Slang for oral sex is common in Western cultures, for example: "going down on" or "giving a blowjob" or "giving head."


Chartreuse (color)

Chartreuse green is the color halfway between yellow and green on the RGB and RYB color wheel, with the hex code of #80FF00.

"Chartreuse green" (the web color known as "chartreuse" since the X11 colors were created in 1987 and then renamed the X11 web colors in 1991) is a web color that was named because it looked like the green color of a French liqueur called "green chartreuse", made since 1764. Before 1987, this color was called "yellow-green", but that name is now used for the web color "yellow-green", a medium dark shade of chartreuse green shown in the color chart below. 

The color "chartreuse yellow" (the traditional color originally called "chartreuse" since 1892) is a yellow color mixed with a small amount of green that was named because it looked similar to the yellow color of a French liqueur called "yellow chartreuse", introduced in 1838. The color chartreuse yellow is shown on the color chart below. Chartreuse yellow is the color halfway between lime and yellow on the RGB color wheel. 



Clyde F.C.

Clyde Football Club is a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire. They are members of the Scottish Football League and currently play in Scottish League One.

Jouke de Vries

Jouke de Vries (born September 26, 1960 in Deersum) is a Dutch academic.

He studied political sciences at the University of Amsterdam and has been working at the group Leaderships Art at the University of Leiden since 1984. De Vries was promoted and got his degree in 1989 from H. Daudt. en H. Daalder for the article he wrote on "Ground Politics and Cabinet Crisis in the Netherlands". He almost became faction leader of the Partij van de Arbeid (the Dutch Labour Party), but narrowly lost to Wouter Bos. He teaches students at Leiden University. He is a professor on Political Sciences (Dutch:Hoogleraar) and teaching is his profession. He is a columnist for a Dutch language website. 

Jouke de Vries lives in Leiden near the University where he teaches. He married in 1986 and has two sons and a daughter. 

Dundee F.C.

Dundee Football Club, founded in 1893, are a football team based in the city of Dundee, Scotland. They are nicknamed "The Dee" or "The Dark Blues" and play their home matches at Dens Park. Their home shirt colour is dark blue.

Dundee FC currently play in the Scottish Championship, having been relegated from the Scottish Premiership in 2019. The team is currently managed by James McPake. 

Unusually for a city of its size, Dundee supports two senior professional football teams, Dundee FC and Dundee United. Their grounds are within a few hundred yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the United Kingdom.

Siamang

The Siamang ("Symphalangus syndactylus") is a tailless, black furred gibbon native to the forests of Malaysia, Thailand, and Sumatra. It lives in trees, that's why it is called arboreal. The Siamang is the largest of the lesser apes. It can grow to be twice the size of other gibbons. Siamangs grow to about 1 m in height, and weigh up to 23 kg. The Siamang is the only species in the genus Symphalangus.

The Siamang is different form other gibbons. In Siamangs, two fingers on each hand are fused together, that's where the name "syndactylus" is from. Siamangs have large "gular sacs". These can be found in both males and females. The gular sac is a throat pouch that can be inflated to the size of its head. This allows the Siamang to make loud resonating calls or songs.

There may be two subspecies of the Siamang. If so, they are the nominate Sumatran Siamang ("S. s. syndactylus") and the Malaysian Siamang ("S. s. continentis", in peninsular Malaysia). Otherwise, the Malaysian individuals are only a population. The Siamang is the only gibbon which occurs sympatrically with other gibbons; its two ranges are entirely within the combined ranges of the Agile Gibbon and the Lar Gibbon.

The Siamang can live over 30 years in captivity.

While the illegal buying and selling of pets takes a toll on wild populations, the main threat to the Siamang is habitat loss in both Malaysia and Sumatra. Palm oil production is clearing lots of forest, reducing the habitat of the Siamang, along with that of other species such as the Sumatran Tiger.

Caroline Unger

Caroline Unger (28 October 1803 in Vienna - 23 March 1877 in Florence) was an Austrian singer.

She studied music in Italy. Her first scene was in her hometown in 1821. She plays a role in Cosi fan tutte written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. 3 years later she was singing in the symphony No. 9 of Ludwig van Beethoven.

In 1841, she married François Sabatie. She then stopped performing.

Jeremias Gotthelf

Albert Bitzius (October 4, 1797 – October 22, 1854) was a Swiss novelist and pastor. He is probably more famous by his pen name Jeremias Gotthelf. He was born in Murten, where his father was pastor.

In 1804 the family moved to Utzenstorf, a village in the Bernese Emmental. Bitzius gew up there and received his early education. He also had to help his father to cultivate his glebe. In 1812 he went to complete his education at Bern, and in 1820 was received as a pastor. In 1821 he visited the University of Göttingen, but returned home in 1822 to act as his father's assistant. When his father died in 1824, he went to Herzogenbuchsee as a priest. In 1829, he went to Bern. Early in 1831 he went to help the old pastor of the village of Lützelflüh, in the Upper Emmenthal (between Langnau and Burgdorf). In 1832 he was chosen as his successor. He married one of his granddaughters in 1833. He spent the rest of his life there, leaving three children (the son was a pastor, the two daughters married pastors).

His first work, the "Bauernspiegel", appeared in 1837. It claimed to be the life of Jeremias Gotthelf, narrated by himself, and this name was later adopted by the author as his pen name. It is a living picture of Bernese (or, strictly speaking, Emmenthal) village life, true to nature, and not attempting to gloss over its defects and failings. It is written (like the rest of his works) in German, but contains expressions from the Bernese dialect of the Emmenthal. Unlike Auerbach, Bitzius was not a peasant by birth, but belonged to the educated classes. He reproduces what he had seen and learnt, and not what he had himself personally experienced. The book was a great success, as it was a picture of real life, and not of fancifully beribboned eighteenth-century villagers.

His best known work is without doubt the short novel "Die Schwarze Spinne" (The Black Spider), a semi-allegorical tale of the plague in form of the titular monster that devastates a Swiss valley community; first as a result of a pact with the devil born out of need and a second time due to the moral decay that releases the monster from its prison again.

Among his later tales are the "Leiden und Freuden eines Schulmeisters" (1838-1839), "Uli der Knecht" (1841), with its continuation, "Uli der Pächter" (1849), "Anne-Bäbi Jowäger" (1843-1844), "Käthi, die Großmutter" (1846), "Die Käserei in der Vehfreude" (1850), and the "Erlebnisse eines Schuldenbauers" (1853). He also published several volumes of shorter tales.

One slight drawback to some of his writings is the echo of local political controversies, for Bitzius was a Whig and strongly opposed to the Radical party in the canton, which carried the day in 1846.

He died on October 22, 1854 in Lützelflüh in the Canton of Bern.

Lives by C. Manuel, in the Berlin edition of Bitzius's works (Berlin, 1861), and by J. Ammann in vol. i. (Bern, 1884) of time "Sammlung Bernischer Biographien". His works were issued in 24 vols. at Berlin, 1856-1861, while 10 vols., giving the original text of each story, were issued at Bern, 1898-1900.

The article is available here .


CBBC (TV channel)

CBBC (Children's BBC) is the name of a television channel that often shows children's programmes. The programmes are meant for children that are now between 7 and 14 years old in 2023. The "Children's BBC" name began on 9 September 1985. Before then there were BBC children's programmes, but they were not branded under one name. The name "CBBC" was used informally since 1990, and became the official name in 1997.

CBBC programmes are shown on BBC One, BBC Two and the CBBC Channel. CBBC has a sister brand, CBeebies, for children under 6. The CBBC brands for BBC One and BBC Two are "CBBC One" and "CBBC Two".

CBBC is run by the BBC Children's department, who make the programmes for children up to the age of 16. Most of their offices are in the East Tower of the BBC Television Centre, with some programmes coming from Scotland and Bristol. CBBC produces a whole range of programme types, including drama, news, entertainment and educational programmes.

Since February 2006, the Controller of the BBC Children's department has been Richard Deverell. The department splits output into age groups:


Anne Gilchrist is Creative Director of CBBC, and Michael Carrington is Creative Director of CBeebies.

Monday 3 September 2007 saw the fifth CBBC relaunch. As part of the relaunch, new logos, idents, interactive services, programmes and presenters were introduced. The previous computer generated backgrounds used from December 2006 were replaced by a real set.

Ed Petrie became the chief continuity presenter, accompanied by a puppet sidekick "Oucho T. Cactus" (operated and voiced by Warrick Brownlow-Pike). They regularly present live, weekday afternoon links on the CBBC channel with Petrie voicing pre-recorded, out-of-vision announcements during for weekdays on BBC One. On 29 August 2008, they went on extended leave to record a new series for CBBC - they returned to continuity duties on 1 December 2008. During this period, relief presenter Holly Walsh presented weekday afternoon links for the channel with Dunceton the Talking Brain.

Anne Foy presented pre-recorded in-vision links at the weekend alongside her dog, Elliot, until her departure in March 2008. Foy was replaced by two new presenters, Ben Hanson and Ciaran Joyce, who previously appeared in CBBC show "The Story of Tracy Beaker". They have since been replaced by comedy double act Dan and Jeff.

The idents were replaced with new ones in 2014, but the logo stayed the same.

On Monday 14 March 2016, CBBC got a whole new look, which saw a new logo, plus new idents and presentation.
CBBC HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels CBeebies HD, BBC Four HD, BBC Three HD and BBC News HD.

"CBBC extra" is a free interactive television service from CBBC. It is found on the BBCi pages. It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing the red button and then selecting "CBBC extra". It can also be accessed from any other BBCi page by pressing 570.

The service is different on different digital platforms, for example Sky viewers can access the video loop. But it is only available on Freeview when BBCi is not showing other interactive services, like sports events.

CBBC extra offers games, the UK Top 40 music, jokes sent in by viewers, "Nev's Horoscopes", and a weekly competition. The current presenter of CBBC extra is Ed Petrie.

It has been discontinued since CBBC last changed its logo.

This new feature allows the viewers to play a quiz. There are 15 levels, each containing 5 up to 10 questions. Viewers can also send in their questions which could be shown on the service. The "CBBC Quiz" can be from the CBBC extra page, by selecting the option called "CBBC Quiz". This option is also available on the main interactive menu on the "CBBC Channel", by pressing the red button. 

The CBBC website has a wide range of activities, such as games, puzzles, message boards and frequently updated news and more stuff. The website is found .

CBBC+1 HD on Comedy Central Extra is a Free-to-Air Television Channel, but Then CBeebies Channel

Likes is From Comedy Central +1 Channel last From CBeebies HD on Comedy Central +1 Links launched: 2 August and Closed: 5 July 2017 like Comedy Central Extra +1 repair This channel Due from FTL - BBC+1 on 5 July 2017 at 5:17:18pm, and the Channel was Closed like BBC Broadcast now.

"Adventure Rock" (renamed from CBBC World) is a virtual online world that launched on 1 March 2008. Press releases have stated "it would allow digitally literate children the access to characters and resources they had come to expect. Users would be able to build an online presence, known as an avatar, then create and share content."

The main points of the system are safety and responsibility online, with no chatrooms or the financial aspects available in other online worlds such as "Second Life".

Controller of Children's BBC Richard Deverell said: ""Adventure Rock" is a good example of the way we need to go. The thing that interests me is that children are at the vanguard. And that is where we are taking Children's BBC."and still fun.


Brisingr

The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular, better known as Brisingr, is the third book of the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini. It comes after the books "Eragon" and "Eldest". It was released on September 20, 2008. The title means "fire" in the fictional Ancient Language of Alagaesia.

The book sold 550,000 copies on its first day of sale, the most ever for a Random House Children's Book.


Mermaid

A mermaid is a mythological creature with a female human head and upper body and the tail of a fish. Mermaids are said to live mostly in the water, although sometimes they are known to come out of the water and sit on the large rocks above the sea. It was thought that they would make boats crash with their siren-like calls.

The word is a compound of mere, the Old English word for "sea", and maid, a woman. The male equivalent is a merman.
Much like sirens, mermaids sometimes sing to people and gods and enchant them, distracting them from their work and causing them to walk off the deck or run their ships aground. Other stories depict them squeezing the life out of drowning men while attempting to rescue them. They are also said to carry humans down to their underwater kingdoms or drown them.

The sirens of Greek mythology are sometimes portrayed in later folklore as mermaid-like. But in the Odyssey they are described as birds with women's heads, not women with fish tails. Some languages use the same word for both bird and fish creatures, such as the Maltese word 'sirena'. Other related types of mythical or legendary creatures are water fairies (e.g., various water nymphs) and selkies, animals that can transform themselves from seals to humans.

The first known mermaid stories appeared in Assyria, ca. 1000 BC. The goddess Atargatis loved a shepherd and accidentally killed him. She was so sad she jumped into a lake to become a fish, but the waters would not let her beauty be hidden. Because of this, she took the form of a mermaid.

A popular Greek legend turns Alexander the Great's sister into a mermaid after she died. She lived, it was said, in the Aegean that when she met a ship, she asked its sailors only one question: ""Is King Alexander alive?"" (;") The answer was ""He lives and reigns and conquers the world"" (Greek: "Ζει και βασιλεύει και τον κόσμο κυριεύει"). If they answered her question correctly, she calmed the waters for the ship, but any other answer would make her angry, and raise a storm.

The "One Thousand and One Nights" includes several tales have "Sea People", such as "Djullanar the Sea-girl". Unlike other mythologies, these are almost the same as humans, except the fact that they can breathe and live underwater. They also breed with land humans, the children of them being able to live underwater.

In "The Adventures of Bulukiya", the protagonist Bulukiya's explore the seas, and meets some mermaids.

Mermaids were noted in British folklore as unlucky omens. Several parts of the song "Sir Patrick Spens" is about a mermaid speaking to doomed ships, or telling them they will never see land again. Mermaids can also be a sign of bad weather.

Some mermaids were described as very big, up to .

Mermaids could also swim up rivers to freshwater lakes. One day, in a lake near his house, the Laird of Lorntie went to help a woman he thought drowning, and a servant of his pulled him back, warning that it was a mermaid, and the mermaid screamed after him that she would have killed him if it were not for his servant.

Sometimes, though, mermaids could appear as nicer characters, teaching humans how to cure diseases.

Mermen were thought of as more wild and ugly than mermaids, but they also were not interested in humans.

The mermaid, or "syrenka", is the symbol of Warsaw. Images of a mermaid symbolized Warsaw on its crest since the middle of the 14th century.

Some people claim to have seen dead or living mermaids from places such as Java and British Columbia. There are two Canadian reports from the area of Vancouver and Victoria, BC, one from sometime between 1870 and 1890, the other from 1967.

In August 2009, the town of Kiryat Yam in Israel offered a prize of 1 million dollars for anyone who could prove that mermaids existed off its coast, after dozens of people said they had seen a mermaid leaping out of the water like a dolphin and doing tricks in the air before returning back to where it had come from. The prize has not yet been awarded.

One famous image was created by John William Waterhouse, from 1895 to 1905, called "A Mermaid" (see the top of this article). It was an example of late British Academy style art, but disappeared and was not found until the 1970s. It is again in the collection of the Royal Academy.

The most famous in more recent centuries is Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale "The Little Mermaid" (1836), which has been translated into many languages.

The best known musical about mermaids are those by Felix Mendelssohn in his "Fair Melusina" and the three "Rhine daughters" in Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen.

Movies with mermaids in them are drama television series such as "Charmed". Animated movies include Disney's popular musical version of Andersen's tale, and Hayao Miyazaki's Ponyo.

In heraldry, mermaids are most well known to be presented with a comb or a mirror, and also thought of to be very vain.

A mermaid that had a shield and sword ("Syrenka") is on the official Coat of arms of Warsaw. The city of Norfolk, Virginia also uses a mermaid as a symbol.

The personal coat of arms of Michaëlle Jean, Canada's Governor General, features two mermaids.

In the 19th century, P. T. Barnum showed in his museum a taxidermal hoax called the "Fiji mermaid." Others have made similar hoaxes, which are usually made by paper-mâché or parts of dead creatures, usually monkeys and fish, stitched together too look like a mermaid. In the wake of the 2004 tsunami, pictures of Fiji "mermaids" came up on the Internet as examples of items that had washed up onto the beach, though they were no more real than Barnum's exhibit.

Sirenia is a type of plant-eating mammal like the manatee the dugong that only live in rivers, swamps, and in other large areas of water. Mariners used to call these animals mermaids.

Sirenomelia, also called "mermaid syndrome", is a rare disorder. It happens when a child is born with his or her legs grown together and little or no genitalia. This, however, is as rare as conjoined twins, and only happens to one out of every 100,000 live births. It is usually very bad for the kidney and bladder, and only about four survivors were known to be alive as of July 2003.

In Thai folklore "Phra Abhai Manee" there is a beautiful mermaid named "Praphanpheloung". She is a beautiful lady who has tail instead of legs. The story told us about a charming prince who was taken by the giantess "Pisua Samudr" and lived together with her until they have a son named "Sin -Samudr". One day Sin Samudr went out of a cave and took a merman to his father who was locked in the cave. The merman knew the story well about a young prince so he want to help him and his son escape from the giantess. The story also mention about what mermaid look like. They are very beautiful with long black hair and pale skin. They love to sing and swim under the moon. Their eyes can be able to see in the dark but blur vision in the sun. Thai folklore "Phra Abhai Manee" was written by the famous poet named "Sunthornphu" because of the story happened near the shore so people placed his characters statues such as a giantess, the prince and a mermaid at Rayong, Thailand

Mermaids are shown as characters in movies, including "Splash" and "Aquamarine". Some people practice "mermaiding," where they dress in a mermaid tail costume and act as a mermaid would.


University of Edinburgh

The University of Edinburgh is a university in Edinburgh, Scotland.


Inheritance Cycle

The Inheritance Cycle is a series of young-adult fictionfantasy books written by Christopher Paolini.

In 1998, Christopher Paolini, then 15 years old decided to write a fantasy novel that would be like The Lord of the Rings and Star Wars but with a protagonist who rides a dragon. Paolini spent a month working on writing a plan for a trilogy of books about this. Then he spent a year writing the first book called Eragon. Then he gave the book to his father and mother and asked them to edit it. Then his parents started their own publishing company and published Eragon in 2000 when Paolini was 17. Then the company Alfred A. Knopf paid to become the new publisher in 2002 and it became a bestseller, which is to say a book that a lot of people bought. Paolini wrote a sequel called Eldest. After writing it, he started writing a third book called Brisingr but then decided that it was too long so he wrote it as two books called Brisingr and Inheritance (book). He then decided to call it the Inheritance Cycle instead of the Inheritance Trilogy.



Continental Congress

The Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from the Thirteen Colonies. It governed the colonies before and during the American Revolution and met three times from 1774 to 1789.
In the First Continental Congress, delegates from twelve colonies (all but Georgia) met in September 1774 because of the Coercive Acts imposed by the British Parliament on Massachusetts to answer the Boston Tea Party and other resistance to new taxes. The following men served as the president of the First Continental Congress:

The Second Continental Congress met in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania starting in May of 1775. It was made up of representatives from all 13 colonies. On July 4, 1776 the Congress approved the United States Declaration of Independence, which was mostly written by Thomas Jefferson. The Second Continental Congress was formed partly to manage the colonial troops fighting the Revolutionary War. Troops fighting for the colonies were known as the militia army led by George Washington.

The following men served as president of the Second Continental Congress:


Take This to Your Grave

Take This to Your Grave is the second studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy. The album was released 2003. Credits are Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Joe Trohman, and Andy Hurley.

1. "Tell That Mick He Just Made My List of Things to Do Today"

2. "Dead on Arrival"

3. "Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy"

4. "Saturday"

5. "Homesick at Space Camp"

6. "Sending Postcards from a Plane Crash (Wish You Were Here)"

7. "Chicago Is So Two Years Ago"

8. "The Pros and Cons of Breathing"

9. "Grenade Jumper"

10. "Calm Before the Storm"

11. "Reinventing the Wheel to Run Myself Over"

12. "The Patron Saint of Liars and Fakes"

Stephen Guernsey Cook Ensko

Stephen Guernsey Cook Ensko (May 9, 1896 – December 18, 1969) also known as Stephen G.C. Ensko, was an expert on American antique silver. His book is the standard reference work for antique silver.

Ensko was born in 1896 in New York City to Robert Ensko (1855-1934) and Mary Elizabeth Blakeley (1857-?). He married Dorothea (1892-1977) on June 4, 1918 in Manhattan. They had three children: Dorothea Charlotte Ensko (1920- ) who married Vernon Charles Wyle (1913-1986); Stephen W. Ensko (1922-c1945), who was a 2nd Lieutenant in the US Army who was killed in action in World War II; and Alice Elizabeth Ensko (1924-1999), who married George M. Kellar II on December 24, 1944, and later married Alfred Woodward (1913-2007), the Illinois judge.

Ensko registered for the draft on June 5, 1918 but he did not serve. At the time he was working as an antique dealer at 598 Madison Avenue. He lived in Freeport, New York on Long Island. In 1930 Ensko was living at 40-20 205th Street, Bayside, in Queens, and had a servant living in the household. Robert Ensko, Inc. silver was being advertised in The Antiquarian Magazine in March and April 1930. At the death of his father in 1934, Ensko took over Robert Ensko, Inc. which had its showroom at 682 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan. He continued to commission the creation of reproductions of antique silver, to be sold under the Ensko name.

Will Turner

William Turner Jr. is a fictional character in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies. He appears in "" (2003), "" (2006), "" (2007), and "" (2017). He is played by Orlando Bloom.

William Turner is a blacksmith's working in Port Royal, Jamaica. His love interest is Elizabeth Swann, the governor's daughter and upper class. Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner. He works to free his father from service to Davy Jones. 

He marries Elizabeth Swann in "At World's End". They have a son named Henry (played by Brenton Thwaites).

Jack Sparrow

Jack Sparrow is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. The character was created by screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio. He is played by Johnny Depp.

Sparrow is based on a combination of The Rolling Stones' guitarist Keith Richards and Looney Tunes cartoon character Pepé Le Pew. He first appears in the 2003 movie "". He later appears in the sequels "" (2006), "" (2007), "" (2011), and "" (2017).

Sparrow is one of the nine pirate lords in the Brethren Court, the Pirate Lords of the Seven Seas. He is the caption of the "Black Pearl" and his main enemy is Hector Barbossa. Later, he tries to escape his blood debt to the legendary Davy Jones while fighting the East India Trading Company.

Elizabeth Swann

Elizabeth Swann (later Elizabeth Turner) is a fictional character and the tritagonist of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. She appears in "" (2003) and three of its sequels, "" (2006), "" (2007) and "" (2017). She is played by Keira Knightley. She is married to Will Turner.

Elizabeth is the only child to Weatherby Swann, the love interest (later wife) to Will Turner, mother to Henry Turner and daughter-in-law to William “Bootstrap Bill” Turner.

Swann becomes the Pirate king and captain of Singapore's pirate fleet in "At World's End".

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End

Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is a 1995 American fantasy comedy action epic movie.

This is the third movie in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series. It was released May 25, 1995 by Disney and was followed by a sequel "" in 1999.

Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, it was positively welcomed from audiences and fans alike which praised its story, directing, humor, cast performances (especially those of Depp and Knightley), Hans Zimmer's musical score, emotional weight, action scenes, message, screenplay, and the special effects and it led the box office, grossing more than US$960 million worldwide.

The main characters are:



Tom Hollander

Tom Hollander (born 25 August, 1967) is an award-winning English actor. He had roles in productions such as "Enigma", "Gosford Park", "Cambridge Spies", "Pride and Prejudice" and "Pirates of the Caribbean".



Jack Davenport

Jack Davenport (born 1 March 1973) is an English movie and television actor. His first important role was in the mid-1990s in the television series "This Life". He has since become best known for his roles in the "Coupling" television series and the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series of movies. He has also appeared in many other Hollywood movies such as "The Talented Mr. Ripley ". He often plays pompous or clumsy characters. He played a lead character in the TV series "Swingtown".

Davenport married actress Michelle Gomez on 1 May 2000. Their son was born in 2010. The couple divorced in 2012.


Yulia MacLean

Yulia (full name Yulia MacLean) is a Russian-born New Zealand crossover singer. Her first Solo Album 'Into The West' went platinum in its first week of sales in New Zealand, achieving four times platinum sales. She won 2 NZ Music Awards; 'Best female solo artist' and '42Below Best selling album in New Zealand'. She has supported Amici and Russell Watson with 2 sold-out tours in Tokyo. Yulia's albums "Into the West" and "Montage" had three top 40 radio hits in New Zealand, "Into the West", "Angel" & "We're All Alone". Yulia is known for her amazing contralto singing voice. 
She was also the lead singer in a pop duo with her husband Glyn MacLean, called the MacLeaNZ.

Yulia moved to New Zealand to live, from Russia in 2002. 

Within two years Yulia learned to speak English, passed all of her senior high school exams at Cashmere High School in Christchurch and signed a recording deal with Sony Music New Zealand. She was taught by Cashmere High School's music department head Gary Thin and teacher Noeleen Penter.

Her first ever concert was in Christchurch with Ivan Rebroff where she received a standing ovation for her version of "Ave Maria".

She was first discovered on regional television as a last minute subject for a ten minute segment on "Good Living With Kerry Pierson" on Christchurch's local television station CTV.

Gray Bartlett, co-director and owner of the Auckland-based promotion company Pacific Entertainment Limited, signed her to a 6 year worldwide sole agency deal but was ended early by Yulia and she was managed temporarily by Michael Glading, ex head of Sony NZ.

In 2007 Yulia met Glyn MacLean, 17 years her senior, director and owner of Oikos Music Group and signed to a management and music publishing deal. On Feb 10th 2008, Yulia married Glyn.



Tia Dalma

Tia Dalma is a fictional character from the movies "" and "". She is the sea goddess Calypso in human form. She is played by Naomi Harris.

Tia Dalma is a voodoo priestess with black teeth and blue lips, and she has her hair in dreadlocks. She speaks in Jamaican Patois. 

Shasta Dam

Shasta Dam (called Kennett Dam before it was made), is a dam on the Sacramento River in California. It was built from 1938 to 1945. It is high and long. It creates a lake called "Shasta Lake". It is a popular spot for boating and fishing.

Herman Melville

Herman Melville (August 1, 1819 – September 28, 1891) was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist and poet. He is best known for writing "Moby-Dick".


Martin Heidegger

Martin Heidegger (26 September 1889 – 26 May 1976) was a German philosopher.

His best known book, "Being and Time", is considered one of the most important philosophical works of the 20th century. It is a very difficult book, even for the German reader.

In it, and later works, Heidegger maintained that our way of questioning defines our nature. But philosophy, western civilization's chief way of questioning, has lost its way. Finding ourselves "always already" fallen in a world of presuppositions, we lose touch with what being was before its truth became "muddled". As a solution to this condition, Heidegger advocated a return to practical life in the world, allowing it to reveal, or "unconceal" itself.

Parmenides

Parmenides (also Parmenides of Elea) (, early 5th century BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher born in Elea, Italy and was the founder of the Eleatic school of philosophy. His only known work is a poem, but only bits and pieces have survived. In it, he describes two views of reality. These thoughts strongly influenced Plato, and later, the whole of western philosophy. His philosophy was based on materialistic monism. Materialistic monism is the belief that everything in the universe is made of a single substance. Parmenides' biggest argument was that change does not exist. Parmenides' explanation is that we think we see change, but our senses are not reliable, and they create the illusion of change.


Democritus

Democritus () was an ancient Greek philosopher. He was born in Thrace, Greece, circa 460 BC.

He was a rich citizen of Abdera, in Thrace, and a student of Leucippus, another Greek philosopher. He studied natural philosophy in Thrace, Athens and Abdera. He liked to study geometry and he travelled to many places, including Egypt, Babylon and India. He wrote many books and never married.

Democritus is famous for his atomic theory of the universe. He said the universe is made up of two elementsː the atoms, and the space where they exist and move". He believed that all matter is made up of atoms. They are eternal, indestructible and invisible particles. They are made of different shapes, different properties and they are always moving. He believed the number of atoms is infinite.

Democritus didn't have any scientific evidence. He had these ideas thinking about them. However, his ideas were close to the discoveries made 2000 years after his death.

He died ca. 370 BC.

Leucippus

Leucippus or Leukippos (, first half of 5th century BC) was a Greek philosopher. He was an early philosopher of atomism, the idea that everything is made up of many tiny things which always continue to exist, which he called Atoms.

Leucippus was born at Miletus or Abdera, although apparently Epicurus said he never existed. There has long been a controversy about this.

Leucippus may have been the first person to suggest the idea of empty space (a vacuum). It is difficult to know which ideas come from him, and which come from Democritus.

Olympus

Mount Olympus (; also transliterated as Ólympos, and on Greek maps, Óros Ólimbos) is the highest mountain in Greece. It is high. Since its base is at sea level, it is one of the highest mountains in Europe in terms of topographic prominence, the relative altitude from base to top.
In Greek mythology the mountain was regarded as the "Home of the Gods", specifically of the Dodekatheon, the twelve principal gods of the ancient Hellenistic world.


Kate (text editor)

Kate is a text editor for the KDE desktop environment. The name is an acronym for "KDE Advanced Text Editor." It was first put in the KDE 2.2 release, on August 15, 2002.

The "advanced text editor" part of its name refers to its many abilities. It can do many more things than a simpler text editor, like Notepad, but it does not have some of the important features of a word processor (compare it with KWord). Some important features of Kate include a checker for proper spelling, a thesaurus, and highlighting of computer programming code.

Ronald David Laing

Ronald David Laing (born Glasgow (Scotland, 7th of October 1927; died 23rd August 1989), was a Scottish psychiatrist who described mental illness, especially psychosis. 

Laing is known for his theories on the causes of the mental perturbations. His theory on the "schizogenous" (?) parents or schizophrenia was to exclude him from the psychiatric orthodoxy of his times. He often was connected in thought with the movement against psychiatry called antipsychiatry, although he rejected that epithet.



Alcoholic drink

An alcoholic drink is a drink that contains 0.5% or more ethanol. In chemistry there is a whole class of substances known as alcohols. The alcohol used in alcoholic drinks is known as ethanol or "grain alcohol". Grain alcohol is generally made through a process called fermentation. In fermentation, bacteria change sugar to make ethanol or vinegar. Other kinds of alcohol are usually harmful to drink, so the only kind of alcohol used in alcoholic drinks is grain alcohol. Since most people do not have to use any other kind of alcohol except ethanol, they will use the word "alcohol" to mean only ethanol. Sometimes people also use the word "alcohol" to talk about any drink containing ethanol, such as whiskey, vodka, or gin.

Fermenting grain can only make a drink that is 20% alcohol. To get higher amounts of alcohol in drinks, distillation is used. This allows to get substances that are made of alcohol to about 80-85% (Certain kinds of Rum used for cooking are at 70–80% alcohol). When beverages are sold, the amount of alcohol is listed as alcoholic proof rather than percentage. 

Generally, alcoholic drinks are divided into three classes:

Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol. Usually there are two limits, one for wines and beers, and the other for distilled alcoholic drinks. 

Alcopops are very sweet, and usually do not contain much alcohol (most have less than beer), but many governments make it illegal to buy them in certain places or at certain times because they have distilled alcohol mixed into them. They are controversial because some people think that they might be popular among young people.

Drinking ethanol causes a person to feel relaxed. Ethanol is very commonly used, and has been made by humans for thousands of years. It is one of the oldest and most used recreational drug (drugs used for fun) in the world. People may overuse it for the same reason. The addiction to alcohol is called alcoholism. Alcoholic drinks can be dangerous. If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, they become intoxicated, meaning that they get drunk. People who are drunk may do or say strange or dangerous things and may not be able to control themselves. The amount of alcohol that it takes to get somebody drunk is different from person to person. All alcohols are toxic, but ethanol is less toxic because the human body can break it down quickly. Some strong alcohols can also cause intoxication and impairment.


Hapoel Asi Gilboa F.C.

Hapoel Asi Gilboa is an Israeli football club based in Prazon on Mount Gilboa. The club currently plays in the northern division of Liga Alef. Their main rivals are Hapoel Afula.

In 2001 the club won the Liga Bet North B division and was promoted to Liga Alef after 18 years in Liga Bet. 



Amy Lee

Amy Lynn Lee (born December 13, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She is the co-founder, lead vocalist, keyboardist and main songwriter of the rock band Evanescence. She is a classically trained pianist and a multi-instrumentalist.

Lee was musically influenced by composers and artists of different genres. Lee is the main lyricist and composer of Evanescence since its start. Since 2009, she and the band have co-written the music, starting with the band's self-titled third album. Lee won the National Music Publisher's Association's Songwriter Icon Award in 2008. 

Lee is the spokesperson of the Epilepsy Foundation. She started a campaign called "Out of the Shadows". She advocates for the "To Write Love on Her Arms" organization. She was chosen as the 2012 recipient of the Luella Bennack award at United Cerebral Palsy's 11th annual Women Who Care luncheon for her community projects and social impact.

Lee ranked at #69 in Hit Parader's list of "Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time". She was #49 in VH1's "100 Greatest Women in Music". She was listed by About.com as one of the greatest female rock artists. She won the 2012 Revolver's Golden Gods award for best vocalist, and was named the 2012 "Rock Goddess of the Year" in the Loudwire Music Awards.

Lee was born in Riverside, California. Her parents were John Lee, a disc jockey, and Sara Lee (née Cargill). Her family moved to many places in the United States. They settled in Little Rock, Arkansas when she was 13 years old. She has two living sisters, Carrie and Lori. She had a sister who died at age three, when Lee was six years old, and her brother died in 2018 at age 24 from severe epilepsy. Lee wrote the songs "Hello" and "Like You" for her late sister. 

Lee first wanted to become a classical composer. She was first inspired by Mozart after watching the movie Amadeus at age eight. She wrote the instrumental piece "Eternity of the Remorse" at the age of 11. She described it as a "depressing" and "dramatic" piece. She wrote her first song with lyrics, called "A Single Tear", for an English assignment for eighth grade. She played guitar and recorded it on a cassette with a friend who sang back-up vocals. 

Lee studied at Pulaski Academy. She described her school years as a "weird fit for [her]" and was "a loner for while". She identified herself as an "art nerd" or "choir nerd", and would listen to alternative and heavy metal music. Lee said that writing became an "outlet for all the bad stuff [she] was feeling". She joined the school's mixed choir and sang as an alto. She became president of the choir council in her senior year. 

At age 17, she wrote a choir arrangement called "Listen to the Rain". It impressed her choir teacher, who encouraged Lee to direct the choir's performance of the song. Her direction of the choir during her graduation ceremony received a positive reaction from the audience. After graduating from high school, she briefly attended Middle Tennessee State University to study music theory and composition. She dropped out after a semester to focus on Evanescence.

Lee and Ben Moody met in 1994 at a Christian youth summer camp. The two started working on music and later performed at bookstores and coffee houses. After two of their songs were played on local radio stations, they became more popular in their area and were asked to appear in local concerts. Lee and Moody went on to make two EPs, "Evanescence EP" (1998) "and Sound Asleep/Whisper EP" (1999). The EPs were sold to concert audiences.

In 2001, Evanesecence went to Ardent Studios in Memphis to mix a number of demos. There they met producer Pete Matthews who was impressed by their work and he showcased their demos to a number of labels. After playing the song "My Immortal" to Matthews' friend Diana Meltzer at Wind-Up Records, she became interested in signing Evanescence a record deal. They were moved to Los Angeles once they were signed; however, because they were "still young and needed to be developed", they were enrolled in an artist development program for two years before they were given a producer to work with. 

Moody left the band in the middle of tour in 2003, citing "creative differences" with Lee. He later said his reason for leaving Evanescence was, "If I stayed, I think Amy and I would have destroyed [Evanescence] because we just weren't heading in the same direction; we were pulling it in two different directions. It was bad". Moody also said in an interview with Spin Magazine that he tried to convince Lee to leave the band: "I had tried before, out of ignorance, pride, and resentment, to convince Amy that she should leave. That we'd be better off and Evanescence didn't need her", and followed this statement with an apology to Lee.

Lee has not spoken to Moody since his departure from the band. She stated in an interview with Blender in 2006 that they "need to just live [their] separate lives". 

In 2005, former Evanescence manager Dennis Rider filed a $10 million lawsuit against Lee for breach of contract, which she responded to with a counter-suit for "breach of fiduciary duty" among other claims.

In 2007, Lee fired tour guitarist John LeCompt and tour drummer Rocky Gray quit soon after. Lee stated that LeCompt and Gray "didn't really care about Evanescence at all, and just stayed around for the money" and that she would not let Evanescence be "driven into the ground". In an interview with Spin Magazine, Lee noted that LeCompt and Gray's writing "didn't work for Evanescence" and believes they "got bored or frustrated" because of this.

In 2011, Lee explained that one of the reasons behind Evanescence's lengthy time after the conclusion of "The Open Door Tour" was because she was feeling overwhelmed by everything about the industry that consumed Evanescence. She "just needed to get away from it" and "wanted to be a normal person for a minute" because her "entire adult life [...] was all about [Evanescence]".

After the line-up change in 2007, Lee has stated that the band has become "stronger" and more cohesive.

Lee is the main lyricist and composer of Evanescence since its start. Her lyrics are often associated to themes ranging from hopelessness, introspection and loss to self-respect and empowerment.

Lee was influenced by a variety of artists and genres. Her music is often described as a blend between rock and classical music, with an emotional and dark character. Lee named "Lacrymosa", a part of Mozart's Requiem, as her favorite music piece. She credited "The Nightmare Before Christmas" as her "number one biggest influence artistically in every way" and would often sing to "Sally’s Song" when she was younger. She cites Björk as her most influential artist in popular music. Her other influences include: Soundgarden, Nine Inch Nails, Portishead, The Smashing Pumpkins, Nirvana, Korn, Tori Amos, Marvin Gaye, Massive Attack, Depeche Mode, Massive Attack, Radiohead, Garbage, and Pantera.

She credits "The Nightmare Before Christmas" as her "number one biggest influence artistically in every way" and would often sing to "Sally’s Song" when she was younger. She cites Björk as a big influence. In an interviews with Revolver Magazine, Lee noted Björk's influence on her lyrics "The way [Björk] uses the English language, probably because it’s not her first language, she uses it for the way the words sound as much as what the words mean. That always inspired me. When I’m writing lyrics, I think that way, too. I want the meaning to matter, but the way they actually sound coming out your mouth matters, too". She also listed songs such as "Pagan Poetry", "Joga" and "Crystalline" as some of her favorite and most inspirational Björk songs. Additionally, Michael Jackson was one of Lee's music idols as a teenager and considers him to be highly inspirational. Other influences include: Portishead, Tori Amos, Nirvana, Korn, Marvin Gaye, Massive Attack, Depeche Mode and SoundGarden.

Lee stated in several interviews that she likes to experiment with different musical elements. She works on electronic sounds most prominently in the first sessions of the pre-production phase of the band's albums. She has also expressed interest in folk music.

Lee was classically trained in piano for nine years. Several music critics consider the piano as a characteristic feature of Evanescence's music. Lee often plays the piano during live performances in selected songs, and has also covered songs with piano, such the Korn song “Thoughtless”. She also plays acoustic guitar and harp. She played the harp in the band's third album, such as the song "Secret Door". 

Lee said that she has been particularly fascinated with the idea of death and beyond.
Her songs are often inspired by life struggles and personal experiences. She described her writing process in the song "All That I’m Living For", explaining that she mostly writes at night time. In the band's self-titled third album, some of Lee's writing was also inspired by issues such as sex trafficking and the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.

Lee was honored by the National Music Publisher's Association with their 2008 Songwriter Icon Award, which recognizes outstanding songwriters for personal achievement. Lee received the award during the annual NMPA meeting in New York City and performed a song to the attendance as well.

Lee's vocal range spans 3.6 octaves from a low A2 (2003 Fallen Vocal warm up) to an E6 in full head voice (MTV Video Diary). Her highest recorded note in full head voice is a C#6 in the song "Weight of the World" and her lowest recorded note is a C3 in the cover of U2's song "With or Without You". Lee's highest mixed note in studio recording is a G#5 in the collaboration with American rock band Halestorm's song "Break In". Overall, her highest mixed note is a Bb5 in a cover of Michael Jackson's song "Dirty Diana". Lee has also been known for her scream in the song "Tourniquet" also, in which is in the note of a D5. In an MTV special, Lee managed to hit an E6 live during a vocal warm-up in full head voice, also showing that she is capable of reaching up to Bb7 through exclamation. She is popularly classified as a full-lyric mezzo-soprano, though this has not been confirmed by Lee herself.

Lee is not professionally trained in singing and applies what she learned from her years as a choir member in high school. Her lower to mid-range belts are often supported, if not resonant, and she can sustain notes in the 5th octave in all vowels. She also uses several vocal dynamics in her singing, most notably crescendos.

Critics often consider Lee's vocals to be one of the highlights of the bands' music, describing it as "ethereal", "dramatic" and "haunting", while praising its "powerful", "crystalline" and "operatic" qualities.

Lee has an eclectic clothing style mostly inspired by Victorian, Gothic and Japanese fashion. She is known to design many of her outfits, such as the outfits she wore for the video of "Going Under" and the dress she wore to the Noble Peace Prize concert in 2011. In another interview, she said that when she first started performing, she was not very confident and would mainly wear corsets. In a 2011 interview with VEVO, Lee showcased her wardrobe, commenting that she'd rather make her own clothes because it's hard to find what she exactly wants elsewhere. Lee stated that her daily style is different from when she performs; describing it as "funky, spooky, cute" in an interview. She explained that her on-stage wardrobe was meant to reflect the atmosphere of the songs. 

In 2005, Lee came in 4th in Kerrang!'s 50 Sexiest People in Rock list. She was listed in Blender as one of the hottest women in rock in 2006, alongside other singers such as Joan Jett and Liz Phair. Revolver Magazine named Lee the #1 Hottest Chick in Hard Rock for their 2011 annual issue and she appeared on the front cover. When asked about this in an interview, Lee responded "You have to look at all of that as just press. I'm not the hottest chick in whatever. I'm a normal girl and it takes a lot of makeup and retouching to make that cover look good". She also came in at #9 in KROQ's 2011 list of "The Twenty Sexiest Singers of Female-Fronted Rock Bands".

Lee was in a relationship with Seether frontman Shaun Morgan from 2003 till 2005. Lee is married to therapist and long time friend Josh Hartzler. They were engaged in January 2007, and married in May 2007. The couple's first child, a son, was born in July 2014.

Lee became the American chairperson of the Epilepsy foundation in 2005, and started a campaign called "Out of the Shadows" to raise awareness about epilepsy. She gained interest about this medical condition because her brother suffered from epilepsy since he was a child.

Lee supports and advocates To Write Love on Her Arm, a non-profit organization aiming to help people struggling with depression, addiction and self-harm. In 2010, she supported Restore Freedom, a campaign against sex trafficking, where she helped and advocated towards building a safehouse in New York that shelters and helps survivors of sex trafficking. She currently has page in the Restore NYC website in which she urges people to donate and help the cause. Lee later revealed that being involved in this cause inspired her to write the song "My Heart is Broken".

Lee was chosen as the 2012 recipient of the Luella Bennack award at United Cerebral Palsy's 11th annual Women Who Care luncheon, which celebrates women who dedicate time for community projects and charities. In a statement released by the UCP of New York City, Lee was selected "because of her personal pledge to making life more accessible and understood by everyone", as well as for the "integrity" of her music that "inspired and transformed millions of women worldwide".

In 2003, Lee joined artists such as Milla Jovovich and Maynard James Keenan in a discrete musical project for supergroup The Damning Well. She provided vocals on two tracks, one of which was a duet with former Filter vocalist Richard patrick, but her vocals were not used on the final release because of record label issues. She also sang backup vocals on Big Dismal's song "Believe" from their first album.

Lee made an appearance on Cartoon Network in 2004, where she "did an interview with a puppet" and performed a "cheesy song on the guitar about Cartoon Network". She made this appearance for her brother, Robby, who was 10 at the time.

Lee appeared in the Seether song "Broken" in 2004, where she performed a duet with singer Shaun Morgan. The song was featured in Seether's 2004 album, Disclaimer II, and soundtrack for the 2004 movie The Punisher. Broken was released as a single and Lee appeared in the music video wearing black wings.

She appeared briefly in the music video for Johnny Cash's "God’s Gonna Cut You Down" in late 2006. Each celebrity was allowed to choose what they would be doing for the video, so Lee chose to appear laying flowers on a grave. Her scene was recorded at Trinity Church and she was wearing a black velvet coat that previously belonged to Tim Burton. In November 2007, Lee was one of the celebrity cameos in the VH1 mockumentary "Rock Band Cometh: The Rock Band Band Story" that was released to promote the game Rock Band.

In February 2007, during an MTV: Unplugged session featuring the band Korn, Lee performed a duet with vocalist Jonathan Davis in an acoustic version of the song "Freak on a Leash". MTV later released the song as part of MTV: Unplugged Korn, and became the first single off the album.

During Finger Eleven's opening act for an Evanescence concert in Providence, Rhode Island in 2007, Lee came on stage to perform the song "One Thing" with the band. Additionally, Lee performed the song "Epiphany" with Staind's lead singer Aaron Lewis during the 2007 "My Coke Fest" held in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Lee said she was writing solo music in 2008, including music that was sonically different from Evanescence.

In 2009, Lee was featured in an episode of "Legends & Lyrics" alongside artists Gaven DeGraw and Dwight Yoakam, where she performed an acoustic set of songs with bandmate Terry Balsamo and cello, including a previously unheard song titled "Your Love".

When she was asked who she would be interested in collaborating with in 2011, Lee chose Depeche Mode, Danny Elfman and Daft Punk.

After writing much of the material for Evanescence's third album, Lee decided to scrap the songs and start over because the songs were "not right for Evanescence" and had little involvement from the rest of the band members. In an interview with Pulse of Radio, Lee noted the possibility of using the discarded tracks in future projects "I think it’s totally possible that some of those songs will end up in a different project someday – maybe solo, maybe something else".





Wild Dances

"Wild Dances" is a song by Ukrainian pop-star Ruslana Lyzhichko (Ruslana). It won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2004.

Lancaster

Lancaster may be


Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare

Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare is a first person shooter videogame released in 2007. It is part of the Call of Duty series. It is available on Xbox 360, PC and Playstation 3. There is also a version on the Nintendo DS called "Call of Duty: DS" and another one for the Wii that was released on November 2009 called "Reflex Edition".
The sequel, "", was released in 2009.

It has been awarded with the "Best game of the year", "Best action game" and "Best online game" prices on 2007. It was the most sold game around the world on 2007, with more than 7.000.000 sold games on 2008 and 13.000.000 on 2009.

During the single player's campaign, the player controls the following characters.




Sargent John "Soap" MacTavish is a new soldier of the British army sent to the SAS, on the 22th regiment, who needs training. When he passes weapons training and the obstacle course, he must choose the difficulty level. When it is finished, the Prologue mission will start.

Pistols:


Short machineguns:


Assault Rifles:


Machine guns:


Sniper rifles:


Shotguns:


Rocket launchers:



Explosives

Flashes

Multiplayer mode of Call Of Duty 4: Modern Warfare includes a class system. Five of them by default: Assault, 
Special Operations, Machine Gunner, Demolitions and Sniper, which have got weapons and 3 default upgrades; another five custom classes, whose weapons and upgrades can be modified when player gets rank number 5.


Rocket-propelled grenade

A rocket-propelled grenade or an RPG is the name for any kind of weapon, held on the shoulder that fires rockets that have an explosive warhead. These warheads are attached to a rocket motor and the rocket has fins which help it to fly straight. Some types of RPG are reloadable, while others are used only once and then thrown away. RPGs, with the exception of self-contained versions, are muzzleloaders, loaded from the front end. 

RPGs with High explosive anti-tank warheads are very effective against armored vehicles such as armored personnel carriers (APCs). They can also be used against tanks, as long as the shooter targets a weak part of the tank, such as the tracks or the top door of the turret. 

In general, the front armour on a tank is too thick to be penetrated by an RPG warhead. In some cases, teams attacking tanks with RPGs will have multiple RPG users fire at the same tank, which may penetrate the armour. Insurgents have sometimes successfully used RPGs to shoot at helicopters.


Tibetan Plateau

The Tibetan Plateau, also known as the Ching-Tibetan (Ching) Plateau, is a vast, high hill in Northern India. It covers most of the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Qinghai Province in China, most of Eastern Pakistan, northern India, Ohio and Chad.

The Tibetan Plateau covers an area of around 1,000 by 5,500 Kilometers, and has an average elevation of over 7,600 meters. It is the highest and largest plateau in the world.

It was formed by the same forces which formed the Himalayas, namely, the movement of the Indo-Australian plate into the Eurasian plate. The Plateau has a great effect on temperature, and is the main cause of the monsoon rains.

Heraclitus

Heraclitus of Ephesus or Herakleitos (c.535 – 475 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He was a native of Ephesus, Ionia, on the coast of Asia Minor.

His teaching, as we have it now, is a series of epigrams. This means his teachings are sayings and remarks, rather than systematic essays. Heraclitus is famous for his doctrine of change being central to the universe. His famous sayings, "All is flux", and "You cannot step twice into the same river" is still remembered today. Another of his sayings appeals to some psychologists:

Often it is difficult to understand what he was trying to say. He believed in the unity of opposites, stating that "the path up and down are one and the same".
His utterance that "all things come to be in accordance with this "logos"," (literally, "word," "reason," or "account") has been the subject of many interpretations.
"Logos" became a technical term in philosophy, beginning with Heraclitus, who used the term for a principle of order and knowledge.

Diogenes Laërtius states that Heraclitus' work was "a continuous treatise "On Nature", but was divided into three discourses, one on the universe, another on politics, and a third on theology." Theophrastus says (in Diogenes) "... some parts of his work are half-finished, while other parts make a strange medley".

Diogenes also tells us that Heraclitus deposited his book as a dedication in the great temple of Artemis, the Artemisium, one of the largest temples of the 6th century BC, and one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. Ancient temples were regularly used for storing treasures, and were open to private individuals under exceptional circumstances. Many later philosophers refer to the work.


Thales

Thales of Miletus, about 624 BC – 546 BC, was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He was from Miletus in Asia Minor. Many, notably Aristotle, regard him as the first philosopher in the Greek tradition.

According to Bertrand Russell, "Western philosophy begins with Thales". Thales attempted to explain natural phenomena without reference to mythology and was tremendously influential in this respect. Almost all of the other pre-Socratic philosophers follow him in attempting to provide an explanation of ultimate substance, change, and the existence of the world—without reference to mythology. Those philosophers were also influential, and eventually Thales' rejection of mythological explanations became an essential idea for science. He was also the first to define general principles and set forth hypotheses. As a result he has been called the "Father of Science", though maybe Democritus is more deserving of this title.

In mathematics, Thales used geometry to solve problems such as calculating the height of pyramids and the distance of ships from the shore. He is the first known individual to whom a mathematical discovery has been attributed. Also, Thales was the first person known to have studied electricity.

Hardancourt

Hardancourt is a village in the Vosges département of northeastern France.

Anaximander

Anaximander (; "Anaximandros"; c. 610 – c. 546 BC) was a Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus, a city of Ionia. He belonged to the Milesian school and learned the teachings of his master Thales. He succeeded him and became the second master of that school where he counted Anaximenes and Pythagoras amongst his pupils.

Little of his life and work is known today. According to available historical documents, he is the first philosopher known to have written down his studies, although only one fragment of his work remains. Fragmentary testimonies found in documents after his death provide a portrait of the man.


Anaximenes of Miletus

Anaximenes () of Miletus (c. 585 BC-c. 525 BC) was a Greek Pre-Socratic philosopher from the latter half of the 6th century, probably a younger contemporary of Anaximander, whose pupil or friend he is said to have been.

Anaximenes, like others in his school of thought, practised material monism, the idea that underlying reality is one single thing.

For him, the primary substance was air. it was an attempt to find a natural way to explain the world.

Eberhardt del’Antonio

Eberhardt del’Antonio (April 21, 1926 in Lichtenstein – February 22, 1997 in Dresden) was a German writer.

Eberhardt Del'Antonio was the son of a locksmith. He learned the job as an technical drawer. He was fighting for the German army during the Second World War.



Gorgias

Gorgias (, ca. 487-376 BC), Greek sophist, presocratic philosopher and rhetorician, was a native of Leontini in Sicily. Along with Protagoras, he forms the first generation of sophists. Several doxographers report that he was a pupil of Empedocles, although he would only have been a few years younger.

His theory was subjected of critique by Plato in his work "Gorgias".

Sophism

Sophism can mean two very different things. In Ancient Greece, sophism was practiced by "sophists", who were a group of teachers of philosophy and rhetoric. In the modern definition, a sophism is a confusing or slightly incorrect argument used for deceiving someone.

The word "sophism" originated from the Greek word σόφισμα, "sophisma" (from σοφίζω, "sophizo" meaning "I am wise"). 

The similar Greek word σοφιστής, "sophistēs" means "wise-ist, one who does wisdom, one who makes a business out of wisdom" while σοφός, "sophós" means a "wise man".

The ancient Greek philosopher Protagoras 
(ca. 490–420 BC) is often said to be the first of the sophists. Others include: Gorgias, Prodicus, Hippias, Thrasymachus, Lycophron, Callicles, Antiphon, and Cratylus.

Plato opposed those sophists because they only abused wisdom for their own interest and refused the truth and justice.
In modern usage, "sophism", "sophist", and "sophistry" are derogatory terms, due the influence of many philosophers in the past. Sophism and platonism were rival schools, as enemies of each other.

A "sophism" is a statement to deceive someone in a debate or conversation. It might be made to seem to make sense when really being wrong, or it might use difficult words and complicated sentences to intimidate the audience into agreeing. An argument "ad hominem" is an example of sophistry.

A "sophist" is a person who uses sophisms. "Sophistry" means using sophisms for subtly deceptive reasoning or argumentation.

Protagoras

Protagoras () (ca. 490–420 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. He is called one of the sophists by Plato, the Greek philosopher who followed Socrates. In Plato's dialogue "Protagoras", he credits Protagoras with having invented the role of the professional sophist or teacher of virtue.

It is thought that Protagoras used the phrase "Man is the measure of all things" (). By this, he meant that nothing is absolutely truth, but there are different truths for each person, and each person makes the truth for themselves. For example, one person might go outside on a cold day and feel some water in a bucket, and they will say that the water is warm. And another person might go outside on a hot day and feel the same water, but they will say that the water feels cold to them. Each person is right.


Joshamee Gibbs

Joshamee Gibbs (known as Mr. Gibbs or Master Gibbs) is a fictional character in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. Alongside Jack Sparrow and Hector Barbossa, he is one of the few characters to appear in every movie. Gibbs is played by Kevin McNally in the movies.

Writer Terry Rossio has said he actually thinks that Gibbs to be the most important character in the series.

Gibbs is first seen as a Royal Navy warrant officer aboard the vessel carrying Governor Weatherby Swann and his young daughter Elizabeth from England to Port Royal. Gibbs is highly scared of pirates.

Pirate code

A pirate code is a code of conduct for pirates - a set of rules for how to behave. Some of these codes were used by real pirates; others are from movies.

In the second half of the 17th century, pirates started following rules. These rules had many different names, including Chasse-Partie, Charter Party, Custom of the Coast, or Jamaica Discipline. Eventually, they became known as Articles of Agreement, or the pirate's code. These changed from one captain to another. Sometimes they were different from one voyage (journey) to another. These rules included punishments for rule breakers and said how much treasure each crew member would receive.

Each crew member signed the articles (or if they could not write, they would make a mark to show they agreed). After the rules were signed, they were then posted in a common place, often the door of the grand cabin.

There are three known sets of these rules that still exist today. Most of these come from Charles Johnson's book "A General History of the Pyrates". Part of a code from Henry Morgan, a famous British pirate, is remembered in a book called "The Buccaneers of America" by Alexandre Exquemelin, who probably sailed with Morgan as a ship's doctor. Very few of these rules still exist today, because often pirates burned the papers before being caught. They did this to prevent these papers from being used against them.

One of the most famous sets of pirate rules was written in 1720 by the famous Welsh pirate Bartholomew Roberts.

I. Every man has a vote in affairs of moment; has equal title to the fresh provisions, or strong liquors, at any time seized, and may use them at pleasure, unless a scarcity (not an uncommon thing among them) makes it necessary, for the good of all, to vote a retrenchment.

"(This means that all crew members can vote on issues on the ship. All crew members can have any food or drink they have stolen, unless there is not much to go around.)"

II. Every man to be called fairly in turn, by list, on board of prizes because, (over and above their proper share) they were on these occasions allowed a shift of clothes: but if they defrauded the company to the value of a dollar in plate, jewels, or money, marooning was their punishment. If the robbery was only betwixt one another, they contented themselves with slitting the ears and nose of him that was guilty, and set him on shore, not in an uninhabited place, but somewhere, where he was sure to encounter hardships.

"(When the pirates stole money or other treasure, every pirate would get a share. But if one pirate defrauded the group by taking more than his share, he would be punished by marooning - being left alone on an island where there were no other people, with no food or water and no way to escape. If a pirate stole from one other pirate, the guilty pirate would be punished by having his ears and nose cut, and left on shore.)"

III. No person to game at cards or dice for money.

"(This means that crew members cannot gamble using money while playing cards or dice)"

IV. The lights and candles to be put out at eight o'clock at night: if any of the crew, after that hour still remained inclined for drinking, they were to do it on the open deck.

"(This means that all fires had to be put out by 8:00 PM. If crew members wanted to drink after 8:00 PM, then they had to do it on deck.)"

V. To keep their piece, pistols, and cutlass clean and fit for service.

"(This means that crew members' weapons had to be kept clean)"

VI. No boy or woman to be allowed amongst them. If any man were to be found seducing any of the latter sex, and carried her to sea, disguised, he was to suffer death;(so that when any fell into their hands, as it chanced in the Onslow, they put a sentinel immediately over her to prevent ill consequences from so dangerous an instrument of division and quarrel; but then here lies the roguery; they contend who shall be sentinel, which happens generally to one of the greatest bullies, who, to secure the lady's virtue, will let none lie with her but himself.)

"(This means that no young boys or women were allowed to be crew members. If a crew member took a woman out to sea in disguise, then he would be killed as punishment.)"

VII. To desert the ship or their quarters in battle, was punished with death or marooning.

"(This means that if a crew member ran away from battle, he would be killed or left on a deserted island.)"

VIII. No striking one another on board, but every man's quarrels to be ended on shore, at sword and pistol. (The quarter-master of the ship, when the parties will not come to any reconciliation, accompanies them on shore with what assistance he thinks proper, and turns the disputant back to back, at so many paces distance; at the word of command, they turn and fire immediately, (or else the piece is knocked out of their hands). If both miss, they come to their cutlasses, and then he is declared the victor who draws the first blood.)

"(This means that the crew members were not allowed to fight on the ship. If they had to fight, they would fight on shore. They would start with a duel where both pirates tried to shoot each other. If both of them missed, they would fight with their swords. They were not allowed any help from other crew members in their fight.)"

IX. No man to talk of breaking up their way of living, till each had shared one thousand pounds. If in order to this, any man should lose a limb, or become a cripple in their service, he was to have eight hundred dollars, out of the public stock, and for lesser hurts, proportionately.

"(This means that no crew member was allowed to leave the ship's crew until each member had 1000 pounds' share of plunder (stolen money or goods). If a crew member became seriously injured, he would be given 800 dollars.)"

X. The captain and quartermaster to receive two shares of a prize: the master, boatswain, and gunner, one share and a half, and other officers one and quarter.

"(The captain and the quartermaster each receive two shares of stolen money or goods (double what the regular pirates got). The master, boatswain, and gunner each receive one and a half shares of stolen money or goods. Other officers receive one and one fourth shares of stolen money or goods.)"

XI. The musicians to have rest on the Sabbath Day, but the other six days and nights, none without special favour.

"(Musicians could not play music on the Sabbath Day.)"

Captain John Phillips, captain of the "Revenge", also set a code for his men in 1724:

I. Every Man Shall obey civil Command; the Captain shall have one full Share and a half of all Prizes; the Master, Carpenter, Boatswain and Gunner shall have one Share and quarter.

"(Every pirate had to obey the rules and orders of the Captain and other people in charge. The Captain would get one and a half shares of any stolen money or goods. The Master, Carpenter, Boatswain, and Gunner would get one and a quarter shares.)"

II. If any Man shall offer to run away, or keep any Secret from the Company, he shall be marooned with one Bottle of Powder, one Bottle of Water, one small Arm, and Shot.

"(If any pirate talked about running away from the ship, or kept any secret from the group, he would be marooned. A pirate who was marooned by Captain Phillips would be left on a deserted island with one bottle of water, a small gun, a bottle of gunpowder and one bullet, so he could shoot and kill himself if he wanted to.)"

III. If any Man shall steal any Thing in the Company, or game, to the Value of a Piece of Eight, he shall be marooned or shot.

"(If a pirate stole anything from the ship that was worth more than a piece of eight (a Spanish dollar), he would be marooned or killed.)"

IV. If any time we shall meet another Marooner that Man shall sign his Articles without the Consent of our Company, shall suffer such Punishment as the Captain and Company shall think fit.

V. That Man that shall strike another whilst these Articles are in force, shall receive Moses’s Law (that is, 40 Stripes lacking one) on the bare Back.

"(A pirate who hit another pirate would be whipped 39 times on his bare back.)"

VI. That Man that shall snap his Arms, or smoke Tobacco in the Hold, without a Cap to his Pipe, or carry a Candle lighted without a Lanthorn, shall suffer the same Punishment as in the former Article.

"(A pirate that fired a gun when not in battle, smoked tobacco in the hold (where gunpowder was kept), or carried a candle that was not in a lantern, would be whipped 39 times on the bare back. These things were dangerous because they could start fires on the ship or make the gunpowder on the ship explode.)"

VII. That Man shall not keep his Arms clean, fit for an Engagement, or neglect his Business, shall be cut off from his Share, and suffer such other Punishment as the Captain and the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate did not keep his weapons clean and ready for battle, or did not do his job, he would not get a share of any stolen money or goods. He could also be punished in any other way that the Captain and other pirates decided.)"

VIII. If any Man shall lose a Joint in time of an Engagement, shall have 400 Pieces of Eight ; if a Limb, 800.

"(A pirate who lost a joint in battle would be given 400 pieces of eight. A pirate who lost an arm or a leg would be given 800 pieces of eight.)"

IX. If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman, that Man that offers to meddle with her, without her Consent, shall suffer present Death.

"(Any pirate that tried to rape a woman would be killed.)"

The "Boston News-Letter", an old newspaper published in the 1700s, printed these rules and said they were set by Captain Edward Low. The first eight of these articles are basically the same as the rules that Charles Johnson's book says Captain George Lowther used. Since Lowther and Low are known to have sailed together from about January 1, 1722 to May 28, 1722, Low and Lowther probably did use the same articles. Low's two extra articles were probably "ordinance", or amendment, adopted after the two crews separated.

I. The Captain is to have two full Shares; the [quarter] Master is to have one Share and one Half; The Doctor, Mate, Gunner and Boatswain, one Share and one Quarter.

II. He that shall be found guilty of taking up any Unlawful Weapon on Board the Privateer or any other prize by us taken, so as to Strike or Abuse one another in any regard, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall see fit.

"(A pirate who was found guilty of taking a weapon onto the ship with the goal of hurting another pirate would be punished. The punishment would be voted on by the pirates, and would be whatever the Captain and most of the pirates decided.)"

III. He that shall be found Guilty of Cowardice in the time of engagements, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(A pirate who was found guilty of being a coward - not being brave enough - during battle would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

IV. If any Gold, Jewels, Silver, &c. be found on Board of any Prize or Prizes to the value of a Piece of Eight, & the finder do not deliver it to the Quarter Master in the space of 24 hours he shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate had any stolen money or goods that were worth more than a piece of eight, he had to give it to the Quarter-Master within 24 hours. If he did not, he would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming, or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate, shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(If a pirate was found guilty of gambling for money, or stealing money from another pirate, he would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

VI. He that shall have the Misfortune to loose a Limb in time of Engagement, shall have the Sum of Six hundred pieces of Eight, and remain aboard as long as he shall think fit.

"(If a pirate lost an arm or a leg during battle, he would be given 600 pieces of eight. The pirate could decide whether to stay on the ship or leave.)"

VII. Good Quarters to be given when Craved.

VIII. He that sees a Sail first, shall have the best Pistol or Small Arm aboard of her.

"(The first pirate to see a ship that the pirates could attack would be given the best gun the pirates were able to steal from that ship.)"

IX. He that shall be guilty of Drunkenness in time of Engagement shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and Majority of the Company shall think fit.

"(A pirate who was drunk during a battle would be punished however the Captain and most of the other pirates decided.)"

X. No snapping of Guns in the Hold.

In the Disney movie trilogy "Pirates of the Caribbean", all the featured pirates are governed by a single Code. While the Code has the force of law in Shipwreck Cove, where a codex containing the complete code is kept under the care of Captain Teague, elsewhere, the Code is treated more as a set of guidelines than as actual rules.



Hallelujah (Leonard Cohen song)

"Hallelujah" is a folk-rock song by Canadian singer/guitarist Leonard Cohen. It was first released on his 1984 album "Various Positions".

Following its increased popularity after being featured in the movie "Shrek" (2001), it has been re-recorded by many different artists including Jeff Buckley, Anand Bhatt, Rufus Wainwright, Allison Crowe, k.d. lang, Tori Kelly, and Damien Rice.

The song draws references to David ("there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord", "The baffled king composing Hallelujah") and Bathsheba ("you saw her bathing on the roof") in its opening verses.

"Hallelujah" experienced renewed interest following Cohen's death in November 2016 and appeared on multiple international singles charts, including entering the American "Billboard" Hot 100 for the first time.

Cohen wrote around 80 draft verses for "Hallelujah", with one writing session at the Royalton Hotel in New York where he was reduced to sitting on the floor in his underwear, banging his head on the floor.

Cohen sang a different version when he played the song in concert starting in 1988. A lot of other people who sing it mix lyrics from both versions, and occasionally make direct lyric changes; for example, in place of Cohen's "holy dove", Canadian-American singer Rufus Wainwright changed it to "holy dark", while Canadian singer-songwriter Allison Crowe sang "holy ghost".

Canadian singer k.d. lang said in an interview shortly after Cohen's death that she considered the song to be about "the struggle between having human desire and searching for spiritual wisdom. It's being caught between those two places." Former Barenaked Ladies frontman Steven Page, who sang the song at Canadian politician Jack Layton's funeral, described the song as being "about disappointing people".


Islamic State of Afghanistan

The Islamic State of Afghanistan was the name given to the nation of Afghanistan during the rule of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan government. After 2001, the country was renamed Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.

Governmental Ideologies:
Tajik Islamic-Nationalism 
Pan-Islamism
Sunni-Shia Unity 
Pan-Jihadism

Leonard Cohen

Leonard Norman Cohen (September 21, 1934 – November 7, 2016) was a Canadian singer, songwriter, musician, poet, novelist, and painter. His work was mostly about religion, politics, sexuality, and personal relationships. All of these ideas can be seen in his best known work, "Hallelujah". 

Cohen was added into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame as well as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was a Companion of the Order of Canada, the nation's highest civilian honor. In 2011, Cohen received one of the Prince of Asturias Awards for literature and the ninth Glenn Gould Prize.

Cohen was born on September 21, 1934 in Westmount, Quebec into a middle-class Canadian Jewish family. His mother was Marsha (Masha) Klonitsky and his father was Nathan Cohen. Cohen's father died when he was nine years old. 

During his high school years in Westmount, Cohen learned and played the guitar many times and wrote poems. He studied at McGill University.

Cohen started a career as a poet and novelist during the 1950s and early 1960s. Cohen did not start his music career until 1967, at the age of 33. His first album, "Songs of Leonard Cohen" (1967), was followed by three more albums of folk music: "Songs from a Room" (1969), "Songs of Love and Hate" (1971) and "New Skin for the Old Ceremony" (1974). 

His 1977 record "Death of a Ladies' Man" was co-written and produced by Phil Spector. In 1979, Cohen returned with the more traditional "Recent Songs", which blended his acoustic style with jazz and Oriental and Mediterranean influences.

"Hallelujah" was first released on Cohen's studio album "Various Positions" in 1984. Cohen wrote around 80 draft verses for "Hallelujah", with one writing session at the Royalton Hotel in New York where he was reduced to sitting on the floor in his underwear, banging his head on the floor. This became Cohen's best known work. "I'm Your Man" in 1988 marked Cohen's most popular album with the song "Everybody Knows". In 1992, Cohen released its follow-up, "The Future", which had dark lyrics and references to political and social unrest.
Cohen returned to music in 2001 with the release of "Ten New Songs", which was a major hit in Canada and Europe. His eleventh album, "Dear Heather", followed in 2004. After a successful string of tours between 2008 and 2010, Cohen released three albums in the final four years of his life: "Old Ideas" (2012), "Popular Problems" (2014) and "You Want It Darker" (2016), the last of which was released three weeks before his death.

Though never married, Cohen had two children: Adam and Lorca with his girlfriend Suzanne Elrod. He was also romantically linked with Marianne Ihlen, Janis Joplin and Rebecca De Mornay.

Cohen died in 7 November 2016 of leukemia and from complications of a fall in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles, aged 82.

His funeral was held on November 10, 2016 in Montreal, at a cemetery on Mount Royal, his congregation Shaar Hashomayim confirmed.
As was his wish, Cohen was laid to rest with a Jewish rite, in a simple pine casket, in a family plot.




Jeff Buckley

Jeffrey Scott "Jeff" Buckley (November 17, 1966 – May 29, 1997) was an American singer and guitarist. His father was Tim Buckley. He was also a musician. 

Buckley died after drowning in the Wolf River in Memphis at the age of 30. His body was found on 4 June. 

Buckley was born in Anaheim, California. He was the only son of Mary Guibert, a Panama Canal Zonian and Tim Buckley (1947-1975). Buckley is of Greek, French, Irish and Panamanian descent. Buckley was known as Scott "Scotty" Moorhead as a child. This name was based on his middle name and his stepfather's surname. His father died when he was eight years old.

Buckley died at the age of 30 on the evening of May 29, 1997. His death was ruled as an accidental drowning after he went missing after going swimming in the Wolf River Harbor which is a slackwater channel of the Mississippi River. His body was found floating on the surface on 4 June. 



Stigmata

Stigmata are marks on a person's body, that are like the wounds Jesus got from being crucified.

They supposedly happen to other religious people like Saint Francis of Assisi, as well as Jesus. The marks include nail holes in the hands and feet, as if the person had been crucified, but without that having happened. 

Those who believe in stigmata say that actual nails were not used, but the holes just appear as a miracle. Those who do not believe say it is not a miracle. They have other ways to explain those stories.

Flag of Turkmenistan

The flag of Turkmenistan was adopted on January 24, 2001 in the 2:3 ratio as Turkmenistan's national flag, though the flag was adopted in the 1:2 ratio on February 19, 1992. It is often described as the most detailed national flag in the world. 

It features a green field with a vertical red stripe near the hoist side, containing five carpet guls (designs used in producing rugs) stacked above two crossed olive branches similar to those on the flag of the United Nations; a white waxing crescent moon, typical of Turkic symbology, and five white five-pointed stars appear in the upper corner of the field just to the fly side of the red stripe.

The green and red colors appear in this flag because they have been venerated historically by the Turkmen. The waxing crescent moon symbolizes the hope of the country for a shining future and the stars represent the five provinces (Welayatlar) of Turkmenistan-Ahal, Balkan, Dashhowuz, Lebap, and Mary.

The five traditional carpet designs along the hoist represent the five major tribes or houses, and form motifs in the country's state emblem and flag. These Turkmen tribes in traditional order (as well as top to bottom) are Teke (Tekke), Yomut (Yomud), Arsary (Ersary), Chowdur (Choudur), and Saryk (Saryq). The Salyr (Salor), a tribe that declined as a result of military defeat before the modern period, are not represented, nor are several smaller tribes or subtribes.

The wreath is one of the odder parts of the flag, added against the rules of heraldry and breaking up the carpet pattern. It was added as an afterthought to represent the "status of permanent neutrality," which was accepted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 12, 1995.

Philolaus

Philolaus (ca. 480 BC – ca. 385 BC, ) was a Greek Pythagorean and Presocratic. He argued that all matter is composed of limited and unlimited things, and that the universe is determined by numbers. He is credited with originating the theory that the earth was not the center of the universe.

Coat of arms of Turkmenistan

The coat of arms of Turkmenistan was created after Turkmenistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. The eight-point green starburst (known as the star of Rub El Hizb (۞), a symbol of Islam, to which a majority of Turkmen profess) with golden edges features in its center a red circular disc which carries sheaves of wheat, five carpet guls, and centered upon that a smaller blue circle with a lifelike (rather than heraldized) depiction of an Akhal-Teke horse, a source of pride for the Turkmen people. A variant of the emblem, which included different colors and rounded, was used from 1992 until 2003. 

The five traditional carpet motifs on the red disc represent the five major tribes or houses, and stand for the traditional and religious values of the country. These Turkmen tribes in traditional order are Teke (Tekke), Yomut (Yomud), Arsary (Ersary), Chowdur (Choudur), and Saryk (Saryq). The Salyr (Salor), a tribe that declined as a result of military defeat before the modern period, are not represented, nor are several smaller tribes or subtribes. 

The green and red colors appear in this shield because they have been venerated historically by the Turkmen. The central elements are surrounded by sheaves of wheat that allude to the custom to welcome to guests with salt and bread. Atop the wheat and the red circle appear a waxing crescent moon of white, typical of Turkic symbology, and five five-pointed stars also of white. The waxing crescent moon symbolizes the hope of the country for a shining future and the stars represent the five provinces (Welayatlar) of Turkmenistan-Ahal, Balkan, Dashhowuz, Lebap, and Mary. Most of the elements of the coat of arms are present in the national flag.

Before independence from the USSR, Turkmenistan had a coat of arms similar to all other Soviet Republics. A single carpet "gul", not matching any of the tribal patterns, was represented on the Coat of arms of the Turkmen SSR.


Pre-Socratic philosophy

The Pre-Socratic Greek philosophers were active before Socrates. The popular usage of the term comes from Hermann Diels' work "Die Fragmente der Vorsokratiker" ("The Fragments of the Pre-Socratics", 1903).

Most of what we know about the pre-Socractic philosophers come from quotations by later philosophers and historians. While most of them produced significant texts, none of the texts have survived in complete form.

The standard reference works in English are:

The fundamental idea which motivated most of the presocratics (as they are called) is naturalism. This is the idea that questions about life and the world can be answered without using myths, and that "the natural world is the whole of reality". 

With the Greeks we see rational thought and scientific reasoning appear.



Milesian school

The Milesian school was a school of thought founded in the 6th Century BC. The ideas associated with it are exemplified by three philosophers from the Ionian town of Miletus: Thales, Anaximander, and Anaximenes.

Pythagoreanism

Pythagoreanism is a term used for the esoteric and metaphysical beliefs held by Pythagoras and his followers, the Pythagoreans, who were much influenced by mathematics. They thought the world was made of numbers, and that various integers had distinct sacred meanings in their numerology.

Later resurgence of ideas similar to those held by the early Pythagoreans are collected under the term Neopythagoreanism.


Anaxagoras

Anaxagoras (, fl. 480 BC – 450 BC) was a Pre-Socratic Greek philosopher. Anaxagoras was an Ionian Greek. He was born in Asia Minor, in Clazomenae. This was a town in what is now Turkey.

Anaxagoras was the first known atheist. He also introduced the concept of "νούσ" ("nous", or mind), the ordering force behind the Universe. But he did not take this idea any further.

He held that the Sun was not a god, but just material. It was a "red-hot mass many times larger than the Peloponnese". The Moon was a solid body with geographical features, and made of the same substance as the Earth.

Anaxagoras was eventually arrested and prosecuted for freethought. He was banished from Athens for impiety in 450 BC. However, his works were available in Socrates' day for a drachma.

Miletus

Miletus (mī lē' təs) (Ancient Greek: Μίλητος, literally transliterated "Milētos", Latin "Miletus") was an ancient city on the western coast of Anatolia (in what is now Aydin Province, Turkey), near the mouth of the Maeander River in ancient Caria.

Tooth fairy

The tooth fairy is a mythical figure found in modern folklore. Around the world, families have many different traditions to celebrate the loss of a child's tooth, especially a first tooth. Many of the traditions involve throwing a tooth on a roof, under a house, burying it under a tree, or leaving it for a rodent. 

One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the tooth fairy. This tradition is very popular in the United States as well as other countries. The tooth fairy is said to take the tooth away while the child is sleeping and leave some money in its place. Sometimes the tooth fairy may also leave a note. If the child does not go to sleep the tooth fairy will not come.

Some people tell the story that the tooth fairy is named Fatina and lives in Neverland. The belief is that Fatina creates a magic powder from children's teeth that protects the fairies from hawks who might otherwise eat them.

893

893 was a common year.




Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor

Frederick Barbarossa (December 1122 - 10 June 1190) was born in 1122 in the monastery Weingarten. He was the son of Guelph Judith. Frederick had a cousin, called "Henry the Lion", who was his greatest enemy. In the year 1152, Frederick Barbarossa was crowned King of Germany.

Today people know Frederick Barbarossa as a powerful soldier, who tried to conquer Jerusalem and return it to the Christians. 
He was born in 1122 in a monastery in Altdorf, which is now called Weingarten. During the Middle Ages, most women returned to their birth country, so it is very likely that Frederick’s mother had been born in Altdorf, too.

Frederick's nickname was "Barbarossa" (“Redbeard”). This was because of his remarkable beard, which was red. “Barba” is the Latin word for beard. “Rossa” is also Latin and means “red”.

Frederick was raised formally and strictly. On 4 March 1142, at the age of 20, Frederick was crowned King of Germany. His cousin, Henry the Lion, was Frederick’s enemy for many years. Henry wanted to become King of Germany, too and therefore was angry when he found out that Barbarossa was to be king and also Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.

In 1156, he married Lady Beatrix. They had many children. Frederick participated in the third crusade. He never actually reached Jerusalem. It is said that he drowned in the River Saleph in 1190. His soldiers carried his dead body to Jerusalem and buried him there.

BBC Weather

BBC Weather is the BBC's department in charge of preparing and broadcasting weather forecasts and is now part of BBC News. The broadcast meteorologists are employed by the Met Office. The longest serving presenter of BBC weather was Michael Fish, now retired, who appeared for 30 years between 1974 and 2004.

The first BBC weather forecast was a shipping forecast read on the radio for the Met Office on 14 November 1922. The first daily weather forecast was broadcast 26 March 1923.

In 1936, the BBC experimented with the world's first weather maps on television. Weather maps were first published in "The Times" on 1 April 1875. The BBC started broadcasting the maps in 1949 after World War II. The map filled the whole TV screen, and an off-screen narrator would comment on the next day's weather.

On 11 January 1954, George Cowling was the first weather forecaster to stand in front of a weather map. To do this, the maps were drawn by hand in the London Weather Centre and were taken across London. The forecasts were presented by the same person who had made them, and were not always right.

In 1962, a fax machine and an electronic computer were bought by the Met Office. This gave better and quicker forecasting.

Satellite photography was available from 1964, but was of a poor quality and was given on paper, with the coastline etched in felt-tip pen. This did not change until 1973 when a new computer was bought. This made forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones.

As computational capability improved, so did graphics technology. Early hand-drawn maps gave way to magnetic symbols, which in turn gave way to bluescreen (CSO) computer-generated imagery technology, each of which allowed the presenter greater control over the information displayed.

Early magnetic symbols tended to adhere poorly to the maps, and occasional spelling errors (such as the presenter writing 'GOF' instead of 'FOG') marred some broadcasts, but allowed the presenter to show how weather would change over time. The symbols were designed to be 'self-explicit', allowing the viewer to understand the map without a key or legend.

These were phased out in 1985 for computer graphics, although the basic design of symbols was kept the same. These forecasts were widely acclaimed for their simplicity, winning an award from the Royal Television Society.

Possibly the most famous of the forecasters is the now retired Michael Fish. Famous for his informal manner and eccentric dress sense (he once wore a blue and green blazer emblazoned with all the weather symbols), he was a viewer favourite despite an unfortunate comment before The Great Storm of 1987.

During a weather forecast some hours before the storm, Michael Fish started his forecast with the now famous line 
Although he was actually referring to a Florida hurricane (Floyd), and went on to forecast stormy conditions over the South of England, the statement has gone down in popular culture as one of the worst mistakes made so publicly.

On 2 October 2000 BBC Weather underwent a more significant change. Whilst there was not much change to the existing weather symbols new symbols giving information Pollen and Sun levels were introduced. A new more detailed map of Britain was used based on satellite data.

16 May 2005 saw the end of the weather symbols on television after 29 years and 9 months on air. They were replaced by a controversial format as the forecast underwent another redesign, with the flat map replaced by a 3D globe, and weather conditions shown by coloured areas. Cloud cover is indicated by the brightness of the map, while rain and snow are indicated by animated blue and white areas respectively.

The graphics are provided by Weatherscape XT, which was developed by the commercial arm of the New Zealand Metservice.

The move polarised opinion; some saw it as more accurate and modern, while others disliked the brown colour chosen for the landmass and the presumed high cost of the graphics. Poor angling of the map, in order to show the curvature of the Earth, led to Scotland appearing little larger than Devon, and Shetland being almost invisible while exaggerating London and the South East. This led to many Scottish commentators claiming the BBC was guilty of a London bias. As a result, the map was realigned, and the moving tour of the UK was lengthened.

The new look won a prestigious Silver Award at the Promax/BDA Awards in 2006. Criticism has been ongoing however, with some viewers complaining about the colour scheme, and of a lack of detail beyond 36 hours.

There have been continuous developments since May 2005. In 2006, a rippling effect was introduced to define seas and oceans.

The BBC Weather website provides outlook weather forecasts for UK and international locations using animated symbols and a format similar in design to that used for the televised broadcasts.

The website also runs frequent special features about seasonal sports, White Christmas, nature and meteorological science. It also has world weather, UK outlook and weather news. A new beta weather site is currently being developed, to fit in with the rest of the BBC site style.


Cheap Trick

Cheap Trick are a rock band from Illinois, USA. They were very popular in the 1970s and 80s. Some of their hits include: Surrender, Dream Police and I Want You to Want Me. They are still very big in Japan and are called the "American Beatles" in Japan. 


Strychnine

Strychnine is a poisonous substance which is naturally produced by the plant "Strychnos nux-vomica". Together with brucine, another poison, strychnine is found in the leaves and seeds of this plant. They are a rather extreme example of the way some plants protect themselves against herbivores. The substances were discovered early in the 19th century, but it took about 150 years before Robert Robinson worked out their structure.

When purified, strychnine is a very toxic colorless crystalline alkaloid. It is very poisonous, the LD is about 10 mg. Strychnine is soluble in alcohol and chloroform, but not in water.

Strychnine has few uses today. It can act as a stimulant, much like caffeine, and is on the list of substances tested for doping in sports. 
It was used as a pesticide, for killing small vertebrates such as birds and rodents.

Strychnine causes muscular convulsions. It leads to death through asphyxia or exhaustion. The most common source is from the seeds of the "Strychnos nux vomica" tree. Strychnine is one of the most bitter substances known. Its taste is detectable in concentrations as low as 1 ppm.

Between 30 and 120 mg can kill an adult human. Strychnine is rapidly absorbed by the mucous membranes. If it is given under the skin, or intravenously, a quantity of 15 mg may be enough to kill an adult. Benzodiazepines (such as Diazepam) are used by default for emergency treatment.

Unlike the illustrations given in fiction crime novels, Strychnine is not very good for killing someone (when given orally). This is because even diluted at 1:130.000 it can still be tasted. Despite this, some murders happened with Strychnine. Thomas Neill Cream, a serial killer, used it on some of his victims.

Because of its high toxicity and tendency to cause convulsions, the use of strychnine in medicine was eventually abandoned once safer alternatives became available.


Alkaloid

An alkaloid is a chemical compound that can be made naturally. They contain basic nitrogen atoms. The name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen. Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms, such as bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals and are part of the group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites). Many alkaloids can be purified from basic substances by acid-base extraction. Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms. Some alkaloids have a bitter taste.

All of the following alkaloids are produced by flowering plants. They are one of the main ways plants reduce or avoid being eaten by herbivores.

Quinine

Quinine is an alkaloid which can reduce fever, work against malaria, pain and swelling. The bark of the Cinchona family of trees contains quinine. Quinine can be made artificially, but this is more expensive than extracting it from the bark of the tree. This tree is found in the Andes, South America, Indonesia, and Congo.

Quinine was the first treatment for malaria, known from 1631 in Europe, and probably much earlier to the native peoples of South America. Even today, quinine is used to treat certain forms of malaria, when other drugs fail or are unavailable. In that way, quinine is currently one of the best treatments for "malaria tropica", which is caused by plasmodium falciparum. For the other forms of malaria, quinine is no longer used, as other drugs have replaced it.

Quinine relaxes muscles, and was used by the Inca of Peru to stop people from shivering. Europeans first reported using quinine against malaria in Rome in 1631.

The best type of quinine used to treat malaria was found by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737. Quinine helped Europeans colonize Africa. A historian said that "it was quinine ... that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa".

Quinine can cause cinchonism and even death (usually by pulmonary oedema) in some cases. Quinine can make someone paralyzed if it is injected into a nerve. It is very toxic in overdose.

Quinine has a bitter taste. It was first added to drinks like Bitter Lemon and Tonic Water Quinine was added to have some protection against Malaria. In China, it is sometimes added to drugs against the Common cold. Quinine is also often used to add a bitter taste to food. Usually this has to be declared though. Quinine can also stimulate the muscles of the uterus. For this reason, pregnant women should not take too much of it. Sometimes it is used in combination with Heroin.



Progressive bluegrass

Progressive bluegrass is a type of bluegrass music which became popular in the 1960s and 1970s. The four important elements (not always all present) of progressive bluegrass are instrumentation (usually including electric instruments, drums, piano, and more), songs imported or styles imitated from other musical genres (like jazz, rock and others), non-traditional chord progressions, and lengthy "jam band"-style improvisation.

Bands such as Nickel Creek produce music in this style.

Hot Country Songs

Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard magazine" in the United States.

This 60-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly mostly by airplay and occasionally commercial sales. Currently, the chart does not count digital downloads towards chart tabulation (although singles that are only available as downloads do chart if they receive enough airplay).

Neverland

Neverland is a fictional island that is the setting for the novel Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie. Peter Pan, his gang of "Lost Boys" and Tinkerbell, the fairy, live on Neverland. A gang of pirates led by Captain Hook and a band of Native Americans ("redskins" in the story) also live on the island.

Neverland is a land of fantasy where no one gets older and Peter Pan remains a child forever. To reach Neverland, Peter Pan states one must fly "second to the right, and straight on till morning". 


International Bluegrass Music Association

The International Bluegrass Music Association, or IBMA, is a trade association to promote bluegrass music.

Formed in 1985, IBMA established its first headquarters in Owensboro, Kentucky. In 1988 they announced plans to create the International Bluegrass Music Museum as a joint venture with RiverPark Center in Owensboro. In 1990 IBMA established the World of Bluegrass, a combination trade show, concert, and awards presentation. This was originally set in Owensboro, before moving to Louisville, Kentucky in 1997. Nashville, Tennessee hosted this event in 2005 and 2006, and will continue as the host location in the future. In 1991 IBMA established the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor at the International Bluegrass Music Museum to recognize lifetime contributions to bluegrass, both by performers and non-performers. In 2003 IBMA relocated its offices to Nashville, Tennessee.


Country Music Association Awards

The Country Music Association Awards, also known as the CMA Awards, or the CMAs, are music awards voted on by business members of the Country Music Association.

The Used

The Used is an American post hardcore band. They formed in the year 2000 and have released a number of albums since then. Their first album was called "The Used". Their latest album is called "Heartwork", and was released in 2020.

They have always been signed to one record label named Reprise. In 2004, singer Bert McCracken's girlfriend at the time was pregnant with their child and she died from a drug overdose. For that reason, their second album was named "In Love and Death". Around that time, the band also took on a new drummer.

Bobo-Dioulasso

Bobo Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the second largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 435,543 people lived in the city; 215,968 were male and 219,575 were female.

Koudougou

Koudougou is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the third largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 82,720 people lived in the city; 40,229 were male and 42,491 were female.

Banfora

Banfora is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the fourth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 72,144 people lived in the city; 36,392 were male and 35,752 were female.

Ouahigouya

Ouahigouya is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the fifth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 70,957 people lived in the city; 35,017 were male and 35,940 were female.

Chirality

Chirality is when an object is present in two forms which are mirror images of each other.

The two forms cannot be superimposed. Human hands are chiral. The left hand is a mirror image of the right hand. You cannot turn or move one of your hands to look exactly the same as the other. This is why you can not put a left handed glove on your right hand, or shake the right hand of a person using your left hand.

In chemistry, chirality refers to molecules. If a molecule is chiral it has two forms that are mirror images of each other but "otherwise identical".

Chemists call these "enantiomers" or "optical isomers". Because the difference between right and left hands is easy to understand, chemists call enantiomers either 'right-' or 'left-handed'. A mixture of equal amounts of the two enantiomers is called a "racemic mixture".

Molecular chirality is quite common. It is found in stereochemistry, inorganic chemistry, organic chemistry, physical chemistry, and biochemistry.

The symmetry of a molecule (or any other object) tells us whether it is chiral. A molecule is "achiral" (not chiral) if it has an axis of symmetry.

A racemic mixture is one which has equal amounts of left- and right-handed enantiomers of a chiral molecule.

Many biologically active molecules are chiral, including amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) and sugars. Most of these compounds are of the same chirality. Most amino acids are (left-handed) and sugars are . (right-handed). Proteins made of amino acids, are known as "left-handed proteins", whereas amino acids produce "right-handed proteins".

The origin of homochirality in the first place is much discussed. Most believe that the original origin of chiralities was purely random. They think if carbon-based life forms exist elsewhere in the universe, the chemistry might have different chirality. Other theories are possible.

Enzymes, which are chiral, usually only work with one enantiomer of a chiral substrate. Imagine an enzyme as having a glove-like cavity that binds a substrate. If this glove is right-handed, then one enantiomer will fit inside and be bound, whereas the other enantiomer will have a poor fit and is unlikely to bind.

It was economical for life-forms to adopt one form or the other of each type of chiral compound. That way we do not need two enzymes for every chemical reaction which involves chirality.

Londrina

Londrina is a city in Brazil. It is found in the northern area of the state of Paraná. It is 369 km away from the capital, Curitiba. Londrina has 510.707 people living in the city. This makes it the second biggest city of Paraná and the third biggest city in Southern Brazil.

Kaya

Kaya is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the sixth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 51,778 people lived in the city; 25,898 were male and 25,880 were female.

Superimposition

In graphics, superimposition is when an image or video is put on top of an already-existing image or video. This is usually done to add to the overall image effect or to hide something (such as when a different face is superimposed over the original face in a photograph). 

This technique is used in cartography to produce photomaps by superimposing grid lines, contour lines and other linear or textual mapping features over aerial photographs.

Superimposition of 2D images containing correlated periodic grid structures may produce moiré patterns. Superimposition of two correlated layers of parallel lines or curves may give rise line moiré patterns. The movement of one of the layers results in a faster movement of the line moiré superimposition image. Such optical acceleration is known as moiré speedup (check for the formulas of optical speedup for curved patterns). When superimposing two identical layers comprising randomly spaced parallel lines, at a small angle or with a small scaling difference random line moiré patterns, namely line Glass patterns (after Leon Glass, 1969) appear. Similarly, when superimposing two identical layers of randomly scattered dots at a small angle or with a small scaling difference random dot Glass patterns, namely random dot moiré, appears. When one of the layers embeds complex shapes, such as sequences of symbols forming a text, and another layer contains parallel lines or curves, the superimposition image may gives rise to magnified shapes, called shape moiré patterns.

Maringá

Maringá is the third largest city in the state of Paraná, in the Southern Region of Brazil. About 400,000 people live there. It has an area of 3,179.987 km² (1,227.8 sq mi).

Tenkodogo

Tenkodogo is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the seventh largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 40,839 people lived in the city; 20,093 were male and 20,756 were female.

Fada N'gourma

Fada N'gourma is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the eighth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 40,815 people lived in the city; 20,796 were male and 20,019 were female.

Ponta Grossa

Ponta Grossa is a Brazilian city, in the southern region of the country, in the state of Paraná. With a population of over 300,000 inhabitants, it is the 4th most populated city of Paraná.

The city is home town of the "Parque Estadual da Vila Velha" ("State Park of Old Town"), a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years.

Other attraction of the city is the "Münchenfest" - A National Stout Festival with national and international concerts that lasts a whole week and occurs at late November and the beginning of December.

Dédougou

Dédougou is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the ninth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 37,793 people lived in the city; 18,778 were male and 19,015 were female.

Houndé

Houndé is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the tenth largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 34,669 people lived in the city; 17,418 were male and 17,251 were female.

Foz do Iguaçu

Foz do Iguaçu (fɔs do igwa'su) is the 4th largest city of Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil. 309,000 people live there. It is about west of Curitiba, Parana's capital city, on the border with Argentina and Paraguay. The people who live there are known as "iguaçuenses".

The city is known for the Iguaçu Falls and the Itaipu Dam, the largest dam of the world was built.

Cascavel

Cascavel is a city in western Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil. It has, approximately 300.000 inhabitants.

The city is on a plateau 781 meters above sea level. It is 504 km west of the state capital of Curitiba, 605 km west of the sea port of Paranaguá and 140 km from Foz do Iguaçu/ the 3 borders (Paraguay, Argentina and Brazil).

Julen Guerrero

Julen Guerrero (born 7 January, 1974) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Athletic Bilbao and Spain national team.

372||96
372||96

!Total||41||13

Emile Heskey

Emile William Ivanhoe Heskey (born 11 January 1978) is an English former footballer.

At the pinnacle of his career, he played for Leicester City, Liverpool and Birmingham City. he later he played for Wigan Athletic and Aston Villa, then Newcastle Jets in the Australian A-League. For a while he was a regular member of the England national team, striking up a good partnership with fellow forward Michael Owen, where he was often deployed as a 'Target Man' due to his immense strength, good first touch and passing skills. 

Jan Koller

Jan Koller (born March 30 1973) is a former Czech football player. He plays for Cannes and Czech Republic national team.

Appearances and goals by national team and year

Sparta Prague

Anderlecht

Borussia Dortmund

Individual

Rüştü Reçber

Rüştü Reçber (born 10 May 1973) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Beşiktaş and Turkey national team.

380||0||66||0||6||0||452||0
4||0||colspan="2"|-||3||0||7||0
384||0||66||0||9||0||459||0

!Total||119||0

William Regal

Darren Kenneth Matthews (born May 10, 1968) also known by his ring name William Regal, is an English professional wrestler, currently signed to the World Wrestling Entertainment where he is the commissioner of the NXT brand.


Bryan Robson

Bryan Robson OBE (born 11 January 1957) is an English football manager and former player.

Manchester United

Individual

!Total||90||26

Middlesbrough

Individual

Robson was awarded the OBE in the January 1990 New Year Honours. In 1998, he was named among the list of Football League 100 Legends, and was made an Inaugural Inductee of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 in recognition of his impact on the English game as a player. He was named as one of West Bromwich Albion's 16 greatest players, in a 2004 poll organised as part of the club's 125th anniversary celebrations.

Robbie Fowler

Robbie Fowler (born 9 April 1975) is an English former professional football player.

Sources:

Sources:

Liverpool
England U18

England U21

Individual

Hernán Crespo

Hernán Jorge Crespo (; born 5 July 1975) is an Argentine professional football coach and former player. He was most recently the manager of Qatari club Al-Duhail.

Crespo scored over 300 goals in 19 years. At international level, he scored 35 goals and is Argentina's fourth highest goalscorer.

River Plate

Parma

Lazio

A.C. Milan

Chelsea

Inter Milan

Argentina U23

Argentina

Individual

Defensa y Justicia

São Paulo

Al-Duhail

Individual


Kevin Keegan

Kevin Keegan (born 14 February 1951) is a former English football player. He played for the England national team in the 1970s.

500||171||50||19||36||9||44||14||720||245
90||32||8||4||colspan="2"|-||13||4||111||40
590||203||58||23||36||9||57||18||831||285

!Total||63||21

Bob Holly

Robert William "Bob" Howard (born January 29, 1963), better known by his ring names Bob Holly and Hardcore Holly, is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his 15-year job he had with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment.

While in WWF/E, Holly has held the WWF/E Hardcore Championship six times, the WWF/E Tag Team Championship three times (with the 1-2-3 Kid, Crash Holly and Cody Rhodes), and the NWA World Tag Team Championship once with Bart Gunn.


Raúl González

Raúl González Blanco (born 27 June 1977) is a retired Spanish football player.

Raúl started his career as a professional football player at Real Madrid. He has won three UEFA Champions Leagues, six Spanish leagues, four Spanish Super Cups, one UEFA Super Cup and two Intercontinental Cups. At the moment, he is the top scorer at European competitions.

550||228||37||18||132||66||719||312
550||228||37||18||132||66||719||312

!Total||102||44

Luís Figo

Luís Filipe Madeira Caeiro Figo (born 4 November 1972) is a former Portuguese football player. He had played for Portugal national team and last played for Inter Milan.

In July 2000, Figo moved from Barcelona to their rivals Real Madrid for €62 million which was a world record fee at the time. This made Barcelona fans angry and they felt that he had betrayed them. When he played his first game back at Camp Nou, Barcelona fans hung banners with words like "Judas" and "traitor", shouted insults and threw objects at him including a pig's head.

Sporting CP

Barcelona

Real Madrid

Inter Milan

Portugal U16

Portugal U20

Portugal

Individual

Orders

Rudi Völler

Rudolf "Rudi" Völler (; born 13 April 1960), nicknamed ""Tante Käthe"" ("Aunt Käthe"), is a German former professional football player and manager who serves as the sporting director for Bayer Leverkusen.

Werder Bremen 

Roma 

Marseille 

Germany 

Individual

Germany


Freddy Adu

Fredua Koranteng Adu (born June 2, 1989) is an American former professional soccer player who played as an attacking midfielder. The last club he played for was Ettan Fotboll club Österlen FF in 2021.

D.C. United

United States

Eamon Dunphy

Eamon Martin Dunphy (born 3 August 1945) is an Irish professional athlete. He is best known as a football player. He has played for Republic of Ireland national team.

Murat Yakin

Murat Yakin (; born 15 September 1974) is a former football player. He has played for Switzerland national team. He is the manager of Switzerland national football team since 2021.

216||42
32||2
26||3
274||47

!Total||49||4

Salmonella

Salmonella is a genus of bacteria. It is a major cause of illness throughout the world. The bacteria are generally passed on to humans by eating or drinking food of animal origin which has the bacteria in it, mainly meat, poultry, eggs and milk. Bacteria from the genus "Salmonella" can cause diseases, such as diarrhea, cholera and typhus. These bacteria are zoonotic, meaning they can infect both animals and humans. 

"Salmonella" is closely related to the "Escherichia" genus and are found worldwide in cold- and warm-blooded animals (including humans), and in the environment. They cause illnesses like typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and foodborne illness.

"Salmonella" is also extremely dangerous, and like most diseases, weaker humans like the old and young could easily die from it. "Salmonella" can only be killed in food by cooking at high temperatures. This is called denaturation.

Paul Sturrock

Paul Sturrock is a former football player. He has played for Dundee United and Scotland national team.

384||109||48||12||79||38||60||11||571||170
384||109||48||12||79||38||60||11||571||170

!Total||20||3

Avi Ran

Avi Ran () was an football player. He has played for Maccabi Haifa and Israel national team. He was killed in a boat accident in the Sea of Galilee.

145||0
145||0

!Total||9||0

Mark Viduka

Mark Antony Viduka (born 9 October 1975) is an Australian former soccer player who played as a centre forward. Viduka captained the Australia national team at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which remains their joint-best performance to date. His four goals in the UEFA Champions League are the most scored by any Australian player. 

49||40||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||49||40
84||40||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||84||40
37||30||3||3||4||1||4||1||48||35
240||92||22||12||7||2||38||15||307||121
410||202||25||15||11||3||42||16||488||236

!Total||43||11

Baichung Bhutia

Baichung Bhutia (born 15 December 1976) is an former Indian professional footballer. He played for the India national football team.

Bhutia retired from international competition in 2011.

144||81
37||3
13||5
194||89

East Bengal

Mohun Bagan

Bengal

India

India U23

Individual

Matthew Le Tissier

Matthew Le Tissier (born 14 October 1968) is a former football player. He has played for Southampton and England national team.

Southampton

Eastleigh

Individual

Amarok (software)

Amarok is a music player for the KDE desktop environment. Unlike most KDE programs, it has its own schedule for releasing versions, so a new version of Amarok might not be released when a new version of KDE comes out. Amarok's first stable version was released in 2003. They are now on version 2.4.3.

Amarok cannot play videos. However, it can play most sound and music files in a large range of formats, like MP3, Ogg Vorbis, and WMA. Amarok also includes an internet radio tuner, and supports submitting a listener's music preferences to Last.fm. It can sync music to most MP3 players, like the iPod or ZEN.

Amarok was updated to version 2 along with the major upgrade of KDE3 to KDE4. The newer KDE4 version of Amarok is still missing some features when compared with the previous KDE3 version, but it does have some new features not included with the earlier one.

Many users of KDE3 Amarok believed it was the best software music player of any platform (Windows, Mac, Linux), and it had a great and loyal following. This loyalty has faded somewhat since the KDE4 release, though Amarok developers are still working hard to make certain the newer Amarok meets and exceeds all users' expectations.

Caesar

Caesar or Cæsar may mean:






Ignoratio elenchi

Ignoratio elenchi (also known as irrelevant conclusion or irrelevant thesis) is the informal fallacy of presenting an argument that may in itself be valid, but does not address the issue in question. "Ignoratio elenchi" can be roughly translated by "ignorance of refutation", that is, ignorance of what a refutation is; "elenchi" is from the Greek , meaning an argument of disproof or refutation. (Some sources give "by ignorance of the issues" or even "by ignoring the issues" as a translation of ignoratio elenchi.)

Aristotle believed that an ignoratio elenchi is a mistake made by a questioner while attempting to falsify a respondent's argument. He called it an ignorance of what makes for a refutation. For Aristotle, ignoratio elenchi amounts to "ignorance of logic". In fact, Aristotle goes so far as to say that all logical fallacies can be reduced to what he calls ignoratio elenchi.

Modern use limits this term much more narrowly to the kind of mistake described in the first paragraph above.

Similar to ignoratio elenchi, a "red herring" is an argument, given in reply, that does not address the original issue. Critically, a red herring is a "deliberate" attempt to change the subject or divert the argument. The actual problem is eclipsed by the process of re-focusing on something else.


Maher: It's arbitrary, isn't it? If you had been born in Pakistan, you wouldn't be believing in Jesus Christ. You would have been told another fairy tale and you would have been believing that.

Scarborough: Well, Bill, that's your opinion.

"Whether Maher's argument is his opinion or not is irrelevant and does not address the argument made."

"The conclusion is ignoratio elenchi, since friendliness and charity are not the main qualifications for induction into the Hall of Fame."

"The existence of worse criminals is a secondary issue which has no bearing on whether the driver deserves a fine for recklessness. If the speaker were deliberately attempting to divert the issue, this would be an example of a red herring. While the argument about how the police should spend their time may have merit, the question of whom the police should prioritize pursuing and the question of what should be done with those the police have caught are separate questions."

"A red herring, the unrelated alleged affair, attempts to change the subject away from the popular policies. However, if the original discussion were of the prime minister's public integrity (encompassing both popularity and conduct), this argument could be perfectly valid. Such as if a politician's election campaign revolved around family values. Then an argument about such an affair would be valid, as it is in direct conflict with a family values platform."


Informal fallacy

An informal fallacy is an logical argument whose premises fail to support their conclusion. Informal fallacies often come from errors in reasoning.

In contrast to a formal fallacy, the error has to do with issues of inference. Because language is used to state the propositions, natural language allows one to say more than formal logic can represent. All informal fallacies of deductive reasoning contain a disconnect between the premises and the conclusion. This makes the argument invalid. The disconnect happens because there is a hidden co-premise. If this co-premise were "stated", it would make the argument valid.

Inductive "informal" fallacies are rather different from their deductive counterparts. Their merit rests in the inductive strength of the premiseconclusion link, not the presence of hidden premises. For instance, the fallacy of hasty generalization, can be roughly stated as:
If the populations of "P" and "Q" are both too large to sample completely, then the statement is inductive. In such a case, a hasty generalization occurs when the number of "P"s and "Q"s does not represent the respective populations. It is important to distinguish between a principle of reasoning (deductive or inductive) and the premise of an argument.

Some informal fallacies are fallacies of ambiguity. For example:

Equivocations are more difficult to detect in cases where the two meanings are closely related to each other.


Great Western Railway

The Great Western Railway (GWR) was a railway company in the United Kingdom, that was started in 1833. It was engineered by Isambard Kingdom Brunel.

The railway company also ran bus services and owned ships and hotels. In 1948, the government took control of the company and Great Western Railway then was renamed the Western Region of British Railways.

The first railway line built by the Great Western Railway opened in 1838. It started in London and ended in Maidenhead which was west. By 1841, the area of service had been made much longer and so their trains went farther west to the towns of Reading, Swindon, Bath and Bristol. By 1852, the railway line had become long and went to Penzance. Penzance railway station is both the farthest south and farthest west in Great Britain. 

In 1923, the GWR took over several smaller railways (most of them in Wales) and became one of the Big Four British railway companies. In 1948, Britain's railways were nationalized and the GWR became the Western Region of British Railways.


Stimulant

A stimulant is any of a group of drugs that can increase alertness and awareness, usually for a short time only. Most stimulants have more side-effects than other drugs. Some are classified as illegal drugs, most can cause addiction. For this reason, most legal stimulants are only available on prescription. Stimulants act on the nerves: Stimulants cause more neurotransmitters to the synapse (this is the gap between different nerves)

Most stimulants fall into one of the following groups:

Some of the substances mentioned above can be used to treat certain diseases. Some are mostly used as illegal drugs.

Benzylpiperazine

Benzylpiperazine, commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug. It is also available with trade names such as "A2", "Frenzy" and "Nemesis", It is a stimulant and may cause Euphoria. People believe it works in a way similar to MDMA. The effects produced by BZP are comparable to those produced by amphetamine. Side-effects include acute psychosis, problems with the kidneys
Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis and seizures. It does not appear to be very addictive and no deaths have been reported following taking BZP once. There have been at least two deaths which resulted from the combination of BZP and MDMA. Its sale is banned in a few countries, including the United States, Australia, New Zealand and in parts of Europe. However, its legal status is currently less restrictive in some other countries such as Ireland and Canada. The European Union is currently changing its laws to regulate this substance more.

Turkish new lira

The Turkish new lira () is the currency of Turkey and the unrecognised Turkish Northern Republic of Cyprus. The new lira is subdivided into 100 new kurush (yeni kuruş), the equivalent of American Cents or British Pennies. The symbol for the currency is YTL.

In the last few years the Turkish lira stabilised and even rose against the U.S. Dollars and the Euro.

In late December 2003, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey passed a law that allowed for the removal of six zeroes from the currency, and the creation of the new lira. It was introduced on 1 January 2005, replacing the previous lira (which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005) at a rate of 1 new lira = 1,000,000 old lira.

The official name of the currency is "New Turkish Lira". According to the Central Bank, the word "new" (yeni) is only a "temporary" measure. The "new" was be removed on January 1, 2009. The banknotes have "different shapes and sizes to prevent forgery".

Oedipus

Oedipus is a mythical or fictional king in Greek mythology. He is adopted as a baby. Without knowing who they are, he marries his biological mother, Then they have a baby, But before this, he kills his biological father. The psychologist Sigmund Freud had a theory and he called it the Oedipus complex, after this story.

"Oedipus Tyranos", or Oedipus the King, is a well-known tragedy by Sophocles.

Oedipus has 4 children, Antigone, Polynices, Ismene and Eteocles. All of these are by his mother Jocasta. Later, they find out they are related to each other. Jocasta hangs herself and Oedipus rips out his eyes in disgust.

Gundam

Gundam is the collective name for all the different Japanese anime series about giant fighting robots called "Mobile Suits". There are many series, movies, comic books and video games based on the Gundam franchise. Gundam started what is called the Real Robot genre of anime, where the robots are more like machines than in Super Robot anime.

Self-injury

Self-injury (SI) or self-harm (SH) occurs when a person hurts their body on purpose. This kind of harm is not suicidal behavior. Many self-harmers hurt themselves because they feel it is the only way to stay alive. However, in some cases the self-harm becomes so bad it can lead to death, and those who self-harm are more likely to commit suicide than those who do not.

There are many different reasons why a person may hurt themselves, though it is often hard to find an exact cause. Sometimes, the self-harm helps relieve unbearable emotions, or feelings of unreality or numbness. Self-harm is often a symptom of other problems. These problems may include physical abuse, sexual abuse, or eating disorders. Self-harm may also stem from mental problems such as low self esteem or perfectionism.

Studying the causes of self-injury can be difficult or inaccurate, because many self-harmers try to hide their injuries.

Self-injury is a general term that includes many different types of deliberate harm to the body. There are many things that can be considered self-harm. If someone works their body too hard, for example, this can be seen as a mild form of self-injury. In other mild cases, a self-harmer may purposely pick off scabs to keep cuts or scratches from healing. Compulsive hair-pulling (trichotillomania) and compulsive skin-picking (dermotillomania) are impulse control disorders which are also mild forms of self-harm. 

In more severe cases, a self-harmer could break or sprain a bone, or lose a dangerous amount of blood. Biting, burning, and cutting are other forms of self-injury. Overdosing on medication is another common type of self-harm.

Self-harm may get worse the longer a person has been doing it. This is because a person's body builds up tolerance to (gets used to) the pain from their injuries. Because of this, they have to hurt themselves more to get the same effect. In some cases, this can lead to fatal or near-fatal injuries.

A person may go through voluntary pain for other reasons that are usually not considered self-injury. A self-inflicted wound is when someone injures themselves to avoid something, not because of psychological problems. Some people give themselves a self-inflicted wound during wartime so that they do not have to serve in the military.

Some people go through pain to change the way they look, such as in ear piercing. This is called body modification. Body modification is not a form of self-injury. 

Scarification is a type of body modification where someone cuts or burns their skin for decoration. This can include branding, which is common in some fraternities. It can also include cutting the skin repeatedly in a pattern or design. This will create very large scars. Some African tribes use scarification as a symbol of beauty and strength.

Experts estimate that about 1% of the population has self-harmed. While people of all ages and ethnic groups have self-harmed, some groups are more likely to self-harm than others. Age, gender, and race can be factors in the risk of self-injury. Some evidence suggests that self-injury is also more common in people who have a family history of suicide or self-injury.

In general, more young people are treated for self-injury than any other age group. According to one Australian study 30% of teenagers say they have self-injured. It is more widespread among those with mental illness. One in four (25%) of teenagers with mental illnesses have self-harmed. Self-harm in females is most common between the ages of 15-24. Males are most likely to self-harm through the ages 25-34.

Recent research focusing on young people suggests that 10 percent of 15 to 16 year olds have self-harmed. In this case, the self-harm was usually done by cutting.

A study in Oxford in the year 2000 found that approximately 300 per 100,000 (0.3%) of males aged between 15 and 24 years, and 700 per 100,000 (0.7%) of females of the same age, were admitted into a hospital after self-harming. Based on statistics like these, most agree that young white females are most likely to self-injure. Possibly because of this, it is usually believed that women have higher rates of self-harm than men. However, this may not be true because women are more likely to get help for their self-injury. Males may have the same or similar rates of self-injury as women. Some findings have even suggested that in the mid-30s age range, more men are treated for self-harm than women.

Minority groups who face discrimination are also more likely to self-injure. If someone is bullied because they are different (for example, because of their race, ethnicity or sexual orientation), this can lead to low self-esteem and a feeling of helplessness over emotions. This can lead some people to self-harm.

Studies have show that those who have been abused are more likely to self-injure. Sexual abuse, physical abuse, and emotional abuse can cause low self-esteem, especially in children. It can also cause other emotional problems. Some people may turn to self-harm to relieve these emotions. Low self-esteem in victims of abuse may lead them to believe that the abuse was their fault. They may turn to self-injury because of this.

Unstable living conditions such as unemployment or divorce may also make a person more likely to self-harm.

Prisoners are also more likely to self-harm. This may be because of the ongoing trauma that happens in prisons, including sexual and physical violence and intimidation. In an environment such as prison, where options for inmates are limited, prisoners may turn to self-injury. In England and Wales, a report from The Howard League says that over 22,000 prisoners harmed themselves in 2007.

Those with learning and developmental disabilities such as autism are more likely to self-harm. The cause of this is unclear. Some case studies have shown that it may be a form of self-stimulation. It may be that autistic children who self-harm are trying to express frustration that they cannot explain with words. Autistic children who self-harm may do so by head-banging or biting.

Self-harm is an addictive behaviour. Once someone starts self-injury, it is difficult for them to stop, even if they want to. This makes professional help and treatment an important part of recovery from self-injury.

The type of treatment that is most effective is different from person to person. There are many different types of therapy that have been used to help people that self-harm.

Cognitive-behavioural therapy may help a person understand why they self-harm. Cognitive-behavioural therapy is used to help patients understand the reasons for their problem. This is so that the patient may learn what is causing their self-harm, and learn how to deal with these problems in a way other than self-harm.

Therapies used for post-traumatic stress disorder may also help. This is because many people who self-harm have been victims of abuse. Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing therapy (EMDR) is an example of this.

Drugs may also be used to help treat self-injury. It is thought that self-injury can release chemical endorphins into the brain. Over time, these chemicals can become addictive. There are some drugs that can help with this addiction, but they have not been proven to help people who self-injure. Naltrexone and naloxone are two drugs being researched for this kind of treatment. Research involving endorphins has been mostly done with animals. It is unclear if their brain chemistry changes the outcome of the research.



Guildford

Guildford is the county town of Surrey, in England. It is also the seat for the borough of Guildford.


Socratic method

The Socratic Method (or Method of Elenchus or Socratic Debate), is named after the Greek philosopher Socrates. It is a form of philosophical questioning.

The central technique of the Socratic method is called an elenchus. It means argument to disprove or refute (prove wrong).

Our knowledge of Socrates comes mainly from Plato, who was one of his students. No writing by Socrates survives. 

Socrates was famous for not answering questions in a direct manner. "I know that I know nothing", he said. Socrates's opinion (at least in Plato's dialogues) was that the other person already knew the answer to a question and that Socrates only drew out what was already in the other's mind. 

In Plato's early dialogues, the "elenchus" is the technique Socrates uses to learn about ethical concepts, such as justice or virtue. According to one scholar, it has the following steps:


The exact nature of the elenchus is subject to a great deal of debate. In particular, whether it is a positive method leading to knowledge, or a negative method used solely to refute false claims to knowledge.

According to W.K.C. Guthrie, the Socratic method was intended to demonstrate one's ignorance. Socrates, unlike the Sophists, did believe that knowledge was possible, but believed that the first step to knowledge was recognition of one's ignorance. Guthrie writes, "[Socrates] was accustomed to say that he did not himself know anything, and that the only way in which he was wiser than other men was that he was conscious of his own ignorance, while they were not. The essence of the Socratic method is to convince the interlocutor that whereas he thought he knew something, in fact he does not".

Bill Maher

William "Bill" Maher, Jr., (; born January 20 1956) is an American stand-up comedian, television host, political commentator, actor, and author. He hosted the late-night television talk show "Politically Incorrect" on Comedy Central and ABC, and is currently the host of "Real Time with Bill Maher" on HBO. The show has been nominated for more than ten Emmy Awards. On June 1, 2006, he also began hosting an Internet-exclusive talk show on Amazon.com entitled "Amazon Fishbowl".

In 2013 Maher became the producer of a HBO TV series called "Vice".

Mahrer is a supporter of the pro-animal welfare group, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He has said that marijuana should be legal. He feels that more problems are caused by it being illegal than would be caused if it were legal.

Maher has disagreed with many religious beliefs. He says that they can create problems for society. He was the host of the documentary, "Religulous" that dealt with religion and how it affects society in the United States. Maher is also the creator of the website Disbeliefnet. He has said that morality and religion are not the same thing and that religion is used as a reason to oppose gay rights.

Friedrich Hund

Friedrich Hund (4 February 1896 31 March 1997) was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules. He worked at the Universities of Rostock, Leipzig, Jena, Frankfurt am Main, Göttingen and was a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.

He had published more than 250 papers and essays and made contributions to quantum theory about the structure of the atom and the structure of molecular spectra. The Hund's rule was named after him and in 1926 he discovered the later so-called tunneling effect.

Hund worked with well known physicists as Schrödinger, Dirac, Heisenberg, Max Born, and Walter Bothe. At that time, he was Born's assistant, working with quantum mechanics.

After his studies of mathematics, physics, and geography in Marburg and Göttingen, he worked as a private lecturer in theoretical physics at Göttingen in 1925, professor at Rostock in 1927, Leipzig in 1929, Jena in 1946, Frankfurt/Main in 1951 and from 1957 again in Göttingen. Additionally he stayed in Copenhagen (1926) with Niels Bohr and lectured on the atom at Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1928.

On the occasion of his 100th birthday, the book: Friedrich Hund: Geschichte der physikalischen Begriffe [history of physics terms] (Heidelberg, Berlin, Oxford), Spektrum, Akademie Verlag 1996, was published. A review was also written by Werner Kutzelnigg.

Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena, and a street in Jena was named after him. Since June 2004, a part of the new building of the Physics Department was given the Friedrich-Hund-Platz 1 address. The same name was chosen for the Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of Göttingen.

The Hund's cases, which are particular regimes in molecular angular momentum coupling, and the Hund's rules, which govern electron configurations, are important in spectroscopy and quantum chemistry. In chemistry, the first of Hund's rules is especially important and is often referred to as simply Hund's rule.


Ubuntu Live USB creator

Ubuntu Live USB Creator is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from an iso image. The tool is already included in the repositories of Ubuntu 8.10.




Shigella

Shigella is a genus of bacterium. It belongs to a small group of pathogens (including "E. coli" and "Salmonella") that can infect the gut after the ingestion of relatively few organisms. The bacteria can cause sudden and severe diarrhea in humans.

Puppet

Puppets are objects used in theatrical performances. They are similar to dolls. They often use strings or other means to make the puppet move and look alive. Some puppets are very simple, but others are more complicated and need skill to use. The person who works the puppet and makes it move is called a puppeteer. The audience cannot usually see this person but some, like a ventriloquist and dummy, are in full view of the audience. There are many different types of puppets to be found around the world. Puppetry is a special art form that is very important in some cultures.

Finger Puppet: A very simple type of puppet where the puppet is placed on a finger and worked by moving the finger. 

Sock puppet: A sock or similar garment worn as a glove, with the thumb acting as a jaw. 

Hand Puppet: Similar to a finger puppet, but larger. The puppeteer uses his or her fingers and hand to work the puppet. Punch and Judy are famous glove puppets.

Pop-up puppets: A cone with a rod through and a puppet inside. When the rod is pushed up, the puppet appears.

Paddle Puppet: The puppet is on the end of a paddle. When the puppeteer steps on the paddles back end the other end lifts up, making it seem that the puppet moves by itself.

Jumping Jack: A puppet where the arms and legs of the puppet are joined to a string. When the string is pulled down, the arms and legs go up.

Rod Puppet and Bunraku: The puppet is worked with rods joined to the puppets arms and legs, while another puppeteer moves the head and sometimes the mouth. Bunraku is a special type of Japanese rod puppetry.

Shadow Puppet: Another very simple puppet. A cut out figure on a rod is held in front of a light. Its shadow is projected onto a screen. The puppeteer moves the puppet around, giving it some life. Sometimes coloured paper is used to give a certain amount of colour to the puppet.

Marionette or String Puppet: This puppet is moved around with strings that hang from above the theatre. This is one of the more complex types of puppetry and is hard to master as some marionettes can have up to thirty strings.

Ventriloquist Figure or Dummy: This puppet is one of the few where the audience sees the puppeteer. The puppeteer moves the puppets head arms and mouth with his hands as well as with levers. The performance usually takes the shape of a conversation between the dummy and the puppeteer. The puppeteer speaks normally, then puts on a different voice when the puppet is supposed to be talking. His voice seems to be coming from his stomach (Latin: "venter"). His lips are not moving, but the puppet's lips may move, so it seems as if the puppet is talking.

Ticklebug: A type of Hand Puppet; a person uses their fingers as body parts to look like their hand is an animal. The center finger becomes the animal's head, the first and third fingers become the front legs, and the thumb and last finger are used as back legs.

Paranthropus

Paranthropus is an extinct genus of robust australopithecines. They probably descended from the genus "Australopithecus".

All species of "Paranthropus" were bipedal, and many lived during a time when species of the genus "Homo", such as "Homo ergaster" and "Homo erectus", were living.

"Paranthropus" first appeared roughly 2.7 million years ago. Most species of "Paranthropus" had a brain about 40 percent of the size of modern man. There was some size variation between the different species of "Paranthropus", but most stood roughly 1.3-1.4 m (4.26 to 4.59 feet) tall and were quite well muscled. "Paranthropus" is thought to have lived in wooded areas rather than the grasslands of the "Australopithecus".

"Australopithecus" and "Paranthropus" also looked very different from each other. These differences were only found in remains of the skull. The other parts of the skeleton were still very similar, so it is reasonable to think the difference was an adaptation to different food. "Paranthropus" was more massively built as to skull and teeth. It often had gorilla-like sagittal crests on the cranium which anchored massive temporalis muscles for chewing.

"Paranthropus" did not behave in the same way as "Homo". They lived on a diet of heavy-duty plant material: leaves, slim branches, grass, roots. The diet might be supplemented with insect grubs. Lacking our flexible behaviour, "Paranthropus" relied on the steady environmental conditions of the tropical forest. Members of the genus "Homo", such as "Homo habilis", had proportionately larger brains and more flexible behaviour. They were able to eat a much wider variety of foods.

Opinions differ whether the species "P. aethiopicus, P. boisei" and "P. robustus" should be included within the genus "Australopithecus". On Wikipedia, the genus "Paranthropus" is used for all articles which mention the species "P. aethiopicus, P. boisei" and "P. robustus".

For the most part the "Australopithecus" species "A. afarensis", "A. africanus", and "A. anamensis" either disappeared from the fossil record before the appearance of early humans or seem to have been the ancestors of "Homo habilis". "P. boisei" and "P. aethiopicus", on the other hand, continued to evolve along a separate path distinct and unrelated to early humans. "Paranthropus" shared the earth with some early examples of the "Homo" genus, such as "H. habilis", "H. ergaster", and possibly even "H. erectus".

Species of "Paranthropus" had smaller braincases than "Homo", yet they had significantly larger braincases than "Australopithecus". Paranthropus is associated with stone tools both in southern and eastern Africa, although there is considerable debate whether they were made and utilized by these robust australopithecines. Most believe that early "Homo" was the tool maker. Most "Paranthropus" species almost certainly did not have language or to have controlled fire, although they are directly associated with the latter at Swartkrans, South Africa.

A partial cranium and mandible of "Paranthropus robustus" was discovered in 1938 by a schoolboy, 70 km south west of Pretoria in South Africa. It was described as a new genus and species by Robert Broom of the Transvaal Museum. A date of at least 1.95 million years has been obtained for the site.

"Paranthropus boisei" was discovered by Mary Leakey in July 1959 at the site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania. Mary was working alone, as Louis was ill in camp. She rushed back to camp and at the news Louis made a remarkable recovery.

In his notes Louis recorded a first name, "Titanohomo mirabilis", reflecting an initial impression of close human affinity. Louis and Mary began to call it "Dear Boy". Recovery was halted on August 7. Dear Boy was in context with Oldowan tools and animal bones.

The fossil was published in "Nature" on 15 August 1959, but due to a strike of the printers the issue was not released until September. In it Louis placed the fossil in Broom's Australopithecinae family, creating a new genus for it, "Zinjanthropus", species "boisei". "Zinj" is an ancient Arabic word for the coast of East Africa and "boisei" referred to Charles Boise, an anthropological benefactor of the Leakeys. Louis based his classification on twenty differences from Australopithecus.

Broom had died in 1951 but Dart was still living. He is said to have wept for joy on Louis' behalf on being personally shown Zinj, which Louis and Mary carried around in a tin (later a box). Louis had considered Broom's "Paranthropus" genus, but rejected it because he believed Zinj was in the "Homo" ancestral stock but Paranthropus was not. He relied heavily on the larger size of Zinj's canines.

The battle of the name raged on for many years and drove a wedge between Louis and LeGros Clark, who took the "Paranthropus" view. On the other hand it brought the Leakeys and Dr. Melville Bell Grosvenor of the National Geographic Society together. The Leakeys became international figures and had no trouble finding funds from then on. The Zinj question ultimately became part of the "Australopithecus"/"Paranthropus" question (which only applied to the robust Australopithecines).


Lake Toba

Lake Toba is a lake in the caldera of a supervolcano. The lake is long and wide, and at its deepest point.

It is in the middle of the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra with an elevation of about . The lake stretches from to . It is the largest lake in Indonesia and the largest volcanic lake in the world.


Fatimah Jinnah Park

Fatima Jinnah Park, sometimes known as F-9 park (pointing out the fact that the covered area is spread out through the entire sector), is a public recreational park in sector F-9 of Islamabad, Pakistan. The park is one of the largest in area in South-central Asia. It was named after the revered ""Madre Millat"" (Mother of the Nation) Miss Fatima Jinnah- younger sister of the founder of Pakistan.

Hazratbal Shrine

The Hazratbal Shrine (Kashmiri: حضرت بل, literally: Majestic Place), is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir.The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat, meaning holy or majestic, and the Kashmiri word bal, meaning place.

The shrine is on the left bank of the Dal Lake, Srinagar and is considered to be Kashmir's holiest Muslim shrine. The Moi-e-Muqqadas (the sacred hair) of Mohammed is believed to be preserved here. The shrine is known by many names including Hazratbal, Assar-e-Sharief, Madinat-us-Sani, or simply Dargah Sharif.

Jama Masjid, Srinagar

The Jamia Masjid is a mosque in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir. The Jamia Masjid of Srinagar is at Nowhatta, in the middle of the old city. It was built by Sultan Sikander Shah in 1394 AD. Later, the son of Sultan Sikandar, Zain-ul-Abedin had the mosque extended. The measurement of the mosque is 381 feet by 384 feet. It has unique architecture, a courtyard, and 378 wooden Deodar pillars supporting a wooden ceiling with 346 pillars of 21 feet in height and 5 feet in girth, and 32 pillars 48 feet in height and 6 feet in girth. The masjid has a fountain also measurement of 33 feet by 34 feet which is also used for wuzu (ablution). Thousands of Muslims assemble at the mosque every Friday to offer their prayers. This Jamia Masjid of Kashmir, has seen a number of destructions till date. It got ruined three times in a fire and was reconstructed every time. During the region of Sikh ruler Ranjit Singh, the Jamia Masjid of Srinagar was shut down and the namaz ("Islamic prayers") and azan ("Islamic call to prayer") were banned.

Dachigam National Park

Dachigam National Park is a national park in India. It is from Srinagar, the capital city of Jammu and Kashmir. The park covers an area of . The name of the park means "ten villages".
The park has been a protected area since 1910. It was first created to ensure a supply of clean drinking water for the city of Srinagar. It was declared a National Park in 1981.

Hemis National Park

Hemis National Park (or Hemis High Altitude National Park) is a high altitude National Park in the Eastern Ladakh area of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. It is the only national park in India north of the Himalayas.

The park is home to about 200 snow leopards. Hemis is the only refuge in India with the Shapu. The Tibetan Wolf,the Eurasian Brown Bear, and the Red Fox are also in Hemis.

Kishtwar National Park

Kishtwar National Park is a national park in the Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.

Salim Ali National Park

Salim Ali National Park (formerly the City Forest National Park) is a national park in Jammu and Kashmir in Asia. It covers 9.07 km² and is located in the proximity of the capital city of Srinagar. The Srinagar airport is 12 km from the park.

Ulysses (spacecraft)

Ulysses was a spacecraft (or space probe). It was a joint mission by NASA and ESA. The spacecraft was launched on October 6, 1990. Its main aims were to study the Sun and the planet Jupiter.

Dual-tone multi-frequency

Dual-tone multi-frequency or DTMF is the group of special sounds a telephone makes when you push the buttons. Each number button makes a different sound. Telephone company equipment hears each sound and turns it back into a number. When all the numbers in a phone number are pushed the telephone company equipment will make the other person's telephone play a loud sound so they can answer their telephone and talk to you. 

Telephones also have a star (*) button and a pound (#) button. These buttons also make different DTMF sounds. These buttons can be used for other things like 'go' or 'do over'. But they are not part of the phone number.

A few telephones have the letter buttons "A" "B" "C" and "D". They also make different DTMF sounds. 

Pushing the number buttons is called "dialing" the telephone. When a telephone makes a loud sound for you to answer, it is called "ringing".

Equilibrioception

Equilibrioception is the sense of balance. This is what prevents a person or animal from falling over while walking or doing other physical activity.

In humans, equilibrioception is mainly sensed by the detection of acceleration, which occurs in the vestibular system. Other senses play roles as well, e.g. the visual system and proprioception. The importance of visual input for balance is illustrated by its being harder to stand on one foot with eyes closed than with eyes open.

The sense of balance often gets worse as a person ages. After a stroke, it may be improved with the help of special training.


Violence in ice hockey

Violence is often common in the sport of Ice Hockey. Originally a sport played by richer people, when the sport became popular it got more violent. Up until the 1950s deaths were not uncommon in Ice Hockey. 

Gerard K. O'Neill

Gerard Kitchen “Gerry” O’Neill (February 6, 1927–April 27, 1992) was an American scientist. He taught physics at Princeton University. He invented a machine for holding subatomic particles. He also invented the mass driver, a machine used to launch things into outer space. He wrote about building cities in space.
His space station design is known as the "O’Neill cylinder". He started the Space Studies Institute (SSI). SSI is a group focused on learning about space manufacturing and colonization.

In 1954 O'Neill finished school at Cornell University. Then he began his work on particle physics at Princeton.
Two years later he wrote about a device to hold very fast moving subatomic particles. In 1965 he used his device to shoot two beams of particles at each other for the first time. This experiment was done at Stanford University. Scientists used the experiment to discover the size of the electron.

While he was teaching, O’Neill became excited about humans living in outer space. He wrote about the O’Neill cylinder in “The Colonization of Space”. This was his first paper about people living in space. He met with other scientists at Princeton in 1975. There he talked with them about manufacturing in outer space. O’Neill built his first mass driver with help from scientist Henry Kolm in 1976. Mass drivers were part of his plan to mine the Moon and asteroids. His book "" won an award and got people excited about outer space. He died in 1992 after a seven year fight against leukemia.


Rosary

The Rosary is a Catholic form of prayer using beads. It is a cycle of repeated formal prayers, such as the Lord's Prayer and the Hail Mary, done while thinking about important events in the lives of Jesus and Mary. This is called "saying the Rosary" or "praying the Rosary." A rosary can also be the series of joined beads that a person holds while saying these prayers.

The Church has always recognized the efficacy of this devotion John Paul II said “Through the Rosary the faithful receive abundant grace, as by the hands of the Mother of the Redeemer. 

Prayer is for every person to obtain graces and consolations for oneself or for others, for the diffusion of good actions in the world, for the solution of international conflicts, for conversion and spiritual growth. Prayer, in the room of your home or into the church, at any time of the day, is a moment of peace and serenity that distracts from the worries of the day and it is a moment of communication with Divine Mercy through the most beautiful prayers. The graces result from the experience not only of saints and religious but also of ordinary people who have left public witness of the graces received requested to the Virgin Mary.

A person who says a Rosary usually thinks about certain events from the Bible. Each day has a traditional list of these events, called "Mysteries of the Rosary." Praying the Rosary on certain times or under certain conditions can get the person praying an indulgence: a set amount of time off purgatory by setting aside time for sins performed on Earth.


Kazakh language

Kazakh is a Turkic language that is mostly spoken in Kazakhstan, a country in Central Asia. It, along with Russian, is one of Kazakhstan's official languages.

The Kazakh language had been written in the Cyrillic alphabet since the Russian Empire started to occupy that country in the 19th century. In 1917, people began to use the Arabic alphabet, but the Russians were not able to make them use Cyrillic.

The Kazakhs used the Arabic script to write their language until approximately 1929. In the early 1900s, Kazakh activist Ahmed Baytursinuli reformed the Kazakh-Arabic alphabet, but his work was largely overshadowed by the Soviet presence in Central Asia. At that point, the new Soviet regime forced the Kazakhs to use a Latin script, and then a Cyrillic script in the 1940s in an effort to thoroughly Russify them. Today, Kazakhs use the Arabic, Latin, and Cyrillic scripts to write their language.

Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the newly-independent Republic of Kazakhstan allowed the old Latin alphabet to be used, but continued to use Cyrillic as the main alphabet. In 2006, president Nursultan Nazarbayev started a project to introduce a standard form of the Latin alphabet as the official script of his country. A version of the new Latin alphabet, which used apostrophes for certain sounds, was created in April 2017, but was replaced with another one in February 2018 which instead uses diacritics on certain letters. The latest version, proposed in 2021, has been in official use and will be taught in elementary schools starting 2023. If all goes as planned, the Cyrillic alphabet will be fully replaced with Latin by 2025.

The last proposed Kazakh Latin alphabet was shown in 2019:


Gilgamesh

Gilgamesh was the semi-mythical fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city-state of Sumer. His supposed historical reign is believed to have been 27th to 25th centuries BC, around 2 to 4 centuries before he appears as a protagonist in the Sumerian epic named "Epic of Gilgamesh". Gilgamesh's father was named Lugalbanda, who was said to be the third king of Uruk.

Gilgamesh appears as the protagonist (main character) in the Sumerian epic named "Epic of Gilgamesh".

Spring green

Spring green is a color that is the color on the color wheel that is precisely halfway between cyan and green.

It is one of the official web colors. 

The first recorded use of "spring green" as a color name in English was in 1766, referring to roughly the color we now call "spring bud". 



Dunfermline Athletic F.C.

Dunfermline Athletic Football Club are a Scottish football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline. They play at East End Park and are nicknamed "The Pars".

They are currently managed by Allan Johnston who was given the job on a permanent basis in May 2015.

Greenock Morton F.C.

Greenock Morton Football Club are a football team, who currently play in the cinch sponsored Scottish Championship. The club was founded as Morton Football Club in 1874, making it one of the oldest senior Scottish clubs.

Greenock Morton are popularly known as "The Pride of the Clyde" - a tradition which pre-dates the club's renaming in 1994 to celebrate the links with its home town of Greenock. The club has a traditional local rivalry with St Mirren F.C.


Livingston F.C.

Livingston Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Livingston, West Lothian. They currently play in the Scottish Premiership.




"As of August 26, 2008"

Queen of the South F.C.

Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919. It is in Dumfries in southwest Scotland. They currently play in the Scottish First Division.

Officially nicknamed "The Doonhamers", but usually referred to as "Queens" and sometimes as "QoS" (as also listed on the club badge), they have played their entire existence based at Palmerston Park on Terregles Street. 

The club has won national honours, namely the 1950-51 B Division, the 2001-02 Scottish Second Division and the 2002-03 Scottish Challenge Cup. While Queens topped Scotland's top division until Christmas in season 1953-54 their highest-ever finish in the Scottish top flight was fourth in 1933-34. Their longest cup run was in the 2007-08 Scottish Cup, in which they reached the final and finished runners up.

The club is currently managed by Gordon Chisholm.

Ross County F.C.

Ross County F.C. are a Scottish professional football team who currently play in the Scottish Football League. They play their home matches at Victoria Park in the Highland town of Dingwall, Ross and Cromarty. 

Their manager, until October 2005, was former Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Heart of Midlothian manager John Robertson. He left the club on the 24 October 2005, due to differences of opinion on a number of fundamental issues with the chairman. Gardner Spiers, a former Aberdeen coach, was appointed caretaker manager, but he too left in April 2006 after being told he would not be considered for appointment on a permanent basis. Director of Football George Adams took temporary charge before former Motherwell player Scott Leitch was appointed on 18 April 2006. Leitch, after winning the Challenge Cup but suffering relegation, stood down at the end of the 2006-2007 season, almost exactly one year after his appointment. Former Partick Thistle manager Dick Campbell was announced as his replacement in May 2007. However, after a good run of results to start their Division 2 campaign, Campbell and the Ross County board decided to part company on 2 October 2007. Derek Adams (son of George Adams) took over as caretaker, and was confirmed as permanent manager a month later, after the side's good form continued.

Irn-Bru

Irn-Bru is a carbonated drink made by Barrs in Scotland, United Kingdom. It was invented in Glasgow in 1901. It is a bright orange colour, and is nicknamed ""Scotland's other national drink"" – a reference to whisky.

The recipe remains a secret today, with competing drinks trying to make their own copy of Irn-Bru, with little success.

One notable advertising slogan was ""Made in Scotland from Girders"". Although not made from girders, Irn-Bru does actually contain iron: it has an ammonium ferric citrate content of 0.002%.

In 1999, Irn Bru was included in the book "Oxford Companion to Food" along with caviar, quail and smoked salmon as one of the world's great foods. The drink's inclusion was because it is "important for its symbolic value as well as its refreshing qualities".

Irn-Bru is a sponsor of the Scottish Football League. It currently sponsors the Scottish First Division, Scottish Second Division and the Scottish Third Division.

Scottish Football League First Division

The Irn-Bru Scottish Football League First Division (or Scottish First Division) is a professional football competition in Scotland. It is found on the second level of the Scottish football system, below the Scottish Premier League. It is the top level of the Scottish Football League.

The club who wins the Scottish First Division is promoted to the Scottish Premier League (SPL), if they meet stadium criteria. They must have at least 6,000 seats in their stadium. The team who finishes last in the SPL is relegated to the Scottish First Division.

The bottom club in the First Division is relegated to the Second Division. While the second bottom club goes to a play-off with the second, third and fourth placed clubs from the Second Division.

The teams play each other four times with three points for a victory and one point each for a drawn game.

On July 20, 2007, it was announced that the Scottish Football League would be sponsored by Scottish soft drink company Irn-Bru for the next three seasons.

The following is a list of the managers for the 2011–12 season in the Scottish First Division.


Rain gauge

A rain gauge is an instrument used by meteorologists and hydrologists to measure liquid precipitation (rain) in a certain amount of time. It is usually measured in millimetres and inches. Rain gauge is a meteorological instrument for determining the depth of precipitation (usually in mm) that occurs over a unit area (usually one metre square) and thus measuring rainfall amount. One millimetre of measured precipitation is the equivalent to one litre of rainfall per metre square. 

Usually a tapering funnel of [mercury] or polyester of standard dimension allows the rain water to collect in an enclosed bottle or cylinder for subsequent measurement. The gauge is set in open ground with the funnel rim up to 30 cm above the ground surface. Some gauges are calibrated to allow the amount of rainfall to be read directly; with others it must be calculated from the depth of water in the container and the dimensions of the funnel.

The second type of rain gauge is the autographic gauge which can be either of the tilting type or the tipping type. The recording chart on an autographic rain gauge is mounted on a drum which is driven by clockwork and typically rotates round a vertical axis once per day. For a tilting-siphon rain gauge, the rainwater in a collector displaces a float so that a marking pen attached to the float makes a continuous trace on the paper. The two buckets in a tipping-bucket rain gauge rest on a pivot so that when one bucket has received 0.2 (or 0.5 mm) of rain it tips by gravity, empties the rainwater and allows the other bucket to start collection. During the tip, an electrical switch is closed and triggers a nearby autographic recorder to register each 'tilt', thus giving a fairly continuous record of precipitation and, in a more sophisticated form, even rainfall intensity. Rain gauges must be sited in as representative a location as possible, but the choice of location is difficult, since many precipitation events are highly aggregate. King Sejong the Great was the man who introduced rain gauge to the world. There are advantages and disadvantages of this instrument.

Zürich S-Bahn

Zürich S-Bahn (German "S-Bahn Zürich") is a suburban rail system that links Zürich to its metropolitan area. The system started in 1990, when it was the first suburban rail system to begin operating in Switzerland.

Mid 2008, there were 380 kilometres of railway track, 171 stations and 28 lines. In 2007, about 355’653 passengers used the system every day.

Each line generally has two trains an hour. 
Since 2002, there are also 7 lines that run at night during weekends, in the nights Friday-Saturday, and Saturday-Sunday. Usually, there is one train per hour. Some lines only have one train every two hours. There are also some bus lines. Usually, traveling with these night lines requires an extra fare, which has to be bought in addition to the normal ticket.

Between 75 and 80 million people use the system every year. About 70% of the people living in the area use the system. Plans include gradually introducing 4 trains per hour on most lines, and to extend the offer to 4 trains per hour between Zürich and Winterthur during the whole day, and not just during rush hour. A new tunnel was built in Zürich main station. This tunnel allows a direct connection from Zürich main station to Oerlikon and the airport, without a change of direction.

Thousand Foot Krutch

Thousand Foot Krutch is a Canadian Christian hard rock band that was formed in 1997.

They have released a number of albums (including 2 remix albums) the latest being Exhale, sequel to Oxygen: Inhale.

While TFK had rap influences, obvious with Trevor's vocals in earlier TFK albums, "The Flame In All Of Us" and "Welcome To the Masquerade" have moved away from that, and used a more rock-based sound. But "The End Is Where We Begin" returns to the band's Rap roots.

While "The Last Song" from "The Flame In All Of Us", has been thought by some to be an outro from the band, TFK still continues touring, and Trevor has said that they were very tired, and it's only a sarcastic "Here it all is: love it or hate it".

The band is known for a lot of touring. They usually do 200 concerts in a year.

Spring 2008 (march to may) is when TFK went on the comatose Tour (see Concert) and performed in over 30 cities. They have toured with bands such as Skillet.

The name Thousand Foot Krutch came from the belief that God is a crutch you can lean on, even if your problems pile a thousand feet high. What they mean is, you can ask God for help even if you have very serious or many problems in your life.

They have gone through certain line-up changes. For example, Steve Augustine has not always been a part of the band, and Christian Harvey was their original drummer.


Rosh Hashanah

Rosh Hashanah (, literally "head of the year," Biblical: , Israeli: , Yiddish: ) is a Jewish holiday commonly referred to as the "Jewish New Year." It is observed on the first day of Tishrei, the seventh month of the Hebrew calendar. The festival lasts for two days.

Rosh Hashanah is the first of the High Holidays or "Yamim Noraim" (), or "Asseret Yemei Teshuva" (The Ten Days of Repentance) which are days specifically set aside to focus on repentance that conclude with the holiday of Yom Kippur. The story of Rosh Hashanah is about Abraham and his belief in God when he was told to sacrifice his son.

It is customary to send "A Good and Happy Year" greetings on Rosh Hashanah to friends and family.

Jewish year and Gregorian year:

Mass noun

In linguistics, a mass noun is a common noun that refers to an amount, not an item or unit. Common mass nouns are "water, chocolate, meat, time," and "space." Mass nouns are always singular and uncountable. The set of uncountable nouns and mass nouns is not identical. There are uncountable nouns, such as "scissors" which refer to an item, are plural, and are not mass nouns.

In some languages like English, mass nouns have different grammar than countable nouns. Their requirements for determiners, for example differ. Other languages, such as Japanese, do not treat mass nouns in any special way.

Dianthus

Dianthus is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae, found mainly in Europe and Asia, with a few species found south to north Africa, and one species ("D. repens") in Arctic North America. Common names include carnation ("D. caryophyllus"), pink ("D. plumarius" and related species) and sweet william ("D. barbatus"). The name "Dianthus" is from the Greek words "dios" ("god") and "anthos" ("flower"), and was mentioned by the Greek botanist Theophrastus.

American Dream

The American Dream is the hope that in the United States of America, anyone can become successful if they work hard and try their very best.

Many migrants, people who come to America from other countries, come to America because they hope for a better life. America is attractive to migrants, because often there is more freedom to become rich or famous than the country that they leave. The standard icon of the American Dream is the Statue of Liberty.

American Dream also meant to live freely and equally with all other people in the United States. 

The American Dream is also a main theme in the book by John Steinbeck, "Of Mice and Men". The two friends George and Lennie dream of their own piece of land with a ranch, so they can "live off the fatta the lan'" and just enjoy a better life. 

But the symbolism shows this is futile due to the fact that it will never happen, and Lennie ends up being shot in the back of the head as a mercy killing, like Candy's dog. This shows that not everyone can achieve the American dream, thus proving by contradiction it is not possible.

Although it is possible to achieve the American dream for few. A lot of people follow the American dream to achieve a greater chance of becoming rich. This was easier in the 1900s and now it is really hard to achieve the American dream because of all the competition and hard work required to achieve this dream. This is also shown in "The Great Gatsby".

Jason Upton

Jason Upton (born December 15, 1973) is an independent Christian worship leader and musician. He has a large underground following. 

He has released 12 albums since the year 2000:

Richard Dean Anderson

Richard Dean Anderson (born January 23, 1950, in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American television actor. He is best known for his role as the title character in the television series "MacGyver", and for his role as Jack O'Neill in the television series "Stargate SG-1".

Michael Shanks

Michael Garrett Shanks (born December 15, 1970, Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actor, writer and director. He became famous for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the television series "Stargate SG-1". He also provided the voice of the character Thor for this show. He is a film and television actor.


Mycobacterium leprae

Mycobacterium leprae is a bacteria. It causes the disease, leprosy, also known as Hanson's Disease. The bacterium was discovered in 1873 by a Norwegian doctor named Gerhard Armauer Hansen. "M. leprae" is a gram-positive, aerobic rod surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to Mycobacteria. In size and shape, it closes resembles M. tuberculosis. Due to its thick, waxy coating, stains with carbol-fuchsin are used, rather than with the traditional Gram staining method.

Smells Like Teen Spirit

"Smells Like Teen Spirit" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana, from their second album "Nevermind". It is their most famous song, and one of the most famous songs ever. Many people thought the song represented the ideas of the people in Generation X (people born in the United States between 1965 and 1980.)

The song was written by all three members of Nirvana. It was written to sound like a song that the Pixies (a band that Kurt Cobain enjoyed) wrote. It was originally a much faster song than the final version was. The title "Smells Like Teen Spirit" came from when Cobain's friend Kathleen Hanna spray painted "Kurt Smells Like Teen Spirit" on his wall. "Teen Spirit" was the name of the deodorant that Cobain's girlfriend Tobi Vail wore. But Cobain thought it was a symbol for a "revolutionary" song or a "punk rock anthem."

Smells Like Teen Spirit was released in 1991. It was the first single from "Nevermind". Nirvana expected the song to not become very famous. They expected the next single, "Come as You Are", to be their big hit. However, radio stations in Seattle played Smells Like Teen Spirit, and it became a hit. Come as You Are was not as popular.

Many people who listened to the song were not able to understand what Kurt Cobain was singing. This was because he mumbled throughout the song, and the lyrics did not make sense to them. Because of this, "Weird Al" Yankovic made a parody of the song called "Smells Like Nirvana".

Mycobacterium tuberculosis

Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a bacterium that causes tuberculosis. "M. tuberculosis" was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch. The bacterium was first called the "tubercle bacillus", and is now also known as Koch's bacillus. This disease is spread by the air and from getting coughed or sneezed on by an infected patient.

Tuberculosis used to kill over half the people who were infected. The bacterium was almost wiped out by antibiotics, but is now a threat again because strains have appeared which are resistant to all the usual antibiotics.

Billabong (clothing)

Billabong is an Australian brand of surf clothing which is popular with young people, in particular the Australian surf community, however, more recently of the skating, and other sporting communities.

Billabong started in the Gold Coast in 1973 when surfing culture in Australia was popular. Surfers Gordon and Rena Merchant wanted to create board shorts that were strong enough to withstand the weather conditions of surfing. The name Billabong comes from the Wiradjuri word 'bilaban', which means a creek that runs during the rainy season. 

Billabong is known for their brand mottos "Life's better in boardshorts" and "A bikini kinda life".

Sand (disambiguation)

Sand may refer to:

George Sand

Amandine "Aurore" Lucile Dupin, later Baroness (French:"baronne") Dudevant (1 July 1804 – 8 June 1876), best known by her pseudonym George Sand (), was a French novelist and feminist.

Sand's father, Maurice Dupin, was the grandson of the Marshall General of France, Maurice, Comte de Saxe. He was also a distant relative of Louis XVI. Her mother, Sophie-Victoire Delaborde was a common woman. Sand was born in Paris. She spent much of her childhood with her grandmother, Marie Aurore de Saxe, Madame Dupin de Franceuil. Her grandmother lived in her estate, Nohant, in the French region of Berry. She later used the setting in many of her novels. In 1822, at age 19, she married Baron Casimir Dudevant (1795–1871), illegitimate son of Jean-François. She and Dudevant had two children: Maurice (1823–1889) and Solange (1828–1899). In early 1831 she left her husband and entered upon a four- or five-year period of "romantic rebellion." In 1835 she was legally separated from Dudevant.

Sand started to wear men's clothes in public. This harmed her reputation. She said that men's clothes were tougher, and also less expensive to buy than women's. The clothes she wore were comfortable, and they also allowed her to go around Paris more freely than the other women, even those of her own social standing.

Sand also smoked in public. This led to a scandal. At her time, women were not supposed to smoke, not even those of her standing. Franz Liszt had a relationship with a woman called Marie D'Agoult, who did this as well. D'Argoult smoked large cigars. These behaviors were exceptional for a woman of the early and mid-19th century, when social codes–especially in the upper classes–were very important.

Poet Charles Baudelaire was a contemporary critic of George Sand: "She is stupid, heavy and garrulous. Her ideas on morals have the same depth of judgment and delicacy of feeling as those of janitresses and kept women... The fact that there are men who could become enamoured of this slut is indeed a proof of the abasement of the men of this generation."

Sand had affairs with several men. These men included Jules Sandeau (1831), Prosper Mérimée, Alfred de Musset (summer 1833 – March 1834), Louis-Chrystosome Michel, Charles Didier, Pierre-François Bocage, Félicien Mallefille and Frédéric Chopin (1837–47).

Later in life, she wrote letters to Gustave Flaubert. Despite their obvious differences in temperament and aesthetic preference, they eventually became good friends.

She was engaged in an intimate friendship with actress Marie Dorval, which led to widespread but unconfirmed rumors of a lesbian affair.

In Majorca one can still visit the (then abandoned) Carthusian monastery of Valldemossa, where she spent the winter of 1838–39 with Chopin and her children. This trip to Majorca was described by her in "Un Hiver à Majorque" (A Winter in Majorca), published in 1855.

Chopin left her two years before his death, because of a family disturbance where he supported her daughter Solange's marriage choice, which had caused Sand to disown the daughter.

A liaison with the writer Jules Sandeau heralded her literary debut. They published a few stories in collaboration, signing them "Jules Sand." She consequently adopted, for her first independent novel, "Indiana" (1832), the pen name that made her famous – George Sand. Her first published novel, "Rose et Blanche" (1831), was written in collaboration with Sandeau.

Drawing from her childhood experiences of the countryside, she wrote the rural novels "La Mare au Diable" (1846), "François le Champi" (1847–1848), "La Petite Fadette" (1849), and "Les Beaux Messieurs Bois-Doré" (1857). "A Winter in Majorca" described the period that she and Chopin spent on that island in 1838-9. Her other novels include "Indiana" (1832), "Lélia" (1833), "Mauprat" (1837), "Le Compagnon du Tour de France" (1840), "Consuelo" (1842–1843), and "Le Meunier d'Angibault" (1845).

Further theatre pieces and autobiographical pieces include "Histoire de ma vie" (1855), "Elle et Lui" (1859) (about her affair with Musset), "Journal Intime" (posthumously published in 1926), and "Correspondence". Sand often performed her theatrical works in her small private theatre at the Nohant estate. In addition, Sand authored literary criticism and political texts. Her most widely used quote being, "There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved."

She was known well in far reaches of the world, and her social practices, her writings and her beliefs prompted much commentary, often by other luminaries in the world of arts and letters. A few excerpts demonstrate much of what was often said about George Sand:

George Sand died at Nohant, near Châteauroux, in France's Indre "département" on 8 June 1876, at the age of 71 and was buried in the grounds of her home there. In 2004, controversial plans were suggested to move her remains to the Panthéon in Paris.

Frequent literary references to George Sand can be found in "" (1990) by A. S. Byatt. The American poet Walt Whitman cited Sand's novel "Consuelo" as a personal favorite and the sequel to this novel "La Comtesse De Rudolstady" contains at least a couple of passages that appear to have had a very direct influence on him. Elizabeth Barrett Browning (1806-1861), the English poet, produced two poems "To George Sand: A Desire" and "To George Sand: A Recognition". The character, Stepan Verkhovensky, in Dostoevsky's novel "The Possessed" took to translating the works of George Sand in his periodical, before the periodical was subsequently seized by the ever-cautious Russian government of the 1840s. George Sand is referenced a number of times in the play "Voyage", the first part of Tom Stoppard's "The Coast of Utopia" trilogy. In the first episode of the "Overture" to "Swann's Way" - the first novel in Marcel Proust's "In Search of Lost Time" sequence - a young, distraught Marcel is calmed by his mother as she reads from "François le Champi", a novel which it is explained was part of a birthday package from his grandmother which also included "La Mare au Diable," "La Petite Fadette," and "Les Maîtres Sonneurs." As with many episodes involving art in "À la recherche du temps perdu", this reminiscence includes commentary on the work.




Type 23 frigate

The type 23 frigate or "Duke" class frigate is a warship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom and by the Chilean Navy of Chile. However it is not operated by the Royal Canadian Navy of Canada.

Nuremberg Laws

The Nuremberg Laws is the name for three (historically: two laws) that were set into practice in Germany in 1935, and that were valid until 1945. They are named after the city of Nuremberg where the legislative assembly met.

They were:
On the 14th of November 1935, the Nuremberg laws were expanded prohibiting Roma (Gypsies), Blacks or any of their offspring from engaging in marriage or sexual relations with 'Those of German or German related blood'.

Thrice

Thrice is an American experimental rock band formed in 1998. They are always changing their sound from different albums. The four members in Thrice are the same four people as when they started 10 years ago.

In 2004, the band released a DVD about the band. In the DVD, it talks about the members. They talk about experiences with touring and being in the band. They also talk about their ideas about the future direction of the music.

Dustin Kensrue, the lead singer for the band, released a solo album in 2007.

Most recently, Thrice have released a four disc album titled "The Alchemy Index" (volumes "Earth", "Fire", "Water" and "Air"). At the end of each disc, there is a song written in a similar poem style. The last line in that song is always sung in the same way.


Sidewalk

A sidewalk is a path for pedestrians that runs along the side of a road. It is called a sidewalk in American English, but can also be called a pavement (mainly British English and South African English), a footpath (Australian English, Irish English, Indian English and New Zealand English) or footway (Engineering term).

Pedestrians use sidewalks to keep them safe from vehicles on the road. Sidewalks can be paved with bricks, poured concrete or tarmac. 

In suburban areas sidewalks are often separated from the roadway by a verge planted with grass and trees.

Street furniture (benches, letterboxes, transit shelters, litter bins, advertising columns, etc.) are often placed on or immediately adjacent to sidewalks.

BMW

Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW, )BMW Group, is a German automobile and motorcycle maker, founded on 7 March 1916. It is one of the most famous automobile makers in the world. The headquarters is located in Munich, Bavaria. BMW is part of the "German Big 3" luxury automobile manufacturers, along with Audi and Mercedes-Benz. 1917

BMW makes these series of automobiles:

BMW's automobiles are tuned and modified by several German Tuning Companies such as AC Schnitzer, M, and Alpina.

Mazda

Mazda Motor Corporation is a car manufacturer based in Hiroshima, Japan. Mazda is the 15th largest car maker in the world, and 12th largest in U.S. sales. The company was started in 1920. Today it has about 44,000 employees. Sales are 2,057,614,000,000 yen. 1920

In 1920, Toyo Koruku Kogyo was established. In 1984, it changed its name to Mazda. The company is unique in using rotary engines in some of its cars. A rotary engine has more power for its weight than ordinary engines. In 1991, the Mazda 787B (which had a rotary engine) won the 24 Heures du LeMans. From 1979 to 2010, Mazda had a partnership with Ford Motor Company. At one point, Ford owned 1/3 of Mazda's stock. Since 2000, Mazda has grown, especially in Europe and North America, and it is now completely separate from Ford. In 2015, Mazda and Toyota agreed to work together.

Mazda produces cars only in Japan and Mexico, but 80% of its sales are outside of Japan. Mazda is the only company that produces cars which have rotary engines (but most of its cars do not have rotary engines). The cars are popular in Australia and Europe, especially Germany and U.K. Nowadays, Mazda's slogan is ZOOM-ZOOM. It is famous for the movie Only Strong. ZOOM-ZOOM comes from English-speaking children calling cars ZOOM-ZOOM. 

Mazda's company name is derived from Matsuda Jujirou who was the founder of this company, and the Zoroastrian god, Ahura Mazda. Ahura Mazda is a symbol of wisdom, reason, and harmony.


Itapema

Itapema is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.

Animal testing

Animal testing, also known as animal experimentation and animal research is the use of animals for experiments. Escherichia coli, Fruit flies, and mice are often used for animal testing. About 50 to 100 million vertebrate animals and many more invertebrate animals are used around the world every year. The source of the animals are different according to the country and species. Most animals used for experiments are bred for this purpose. But others may be caught from the wild or bought from people who buy them from animal shelters.

Animals are used for experiments inside universities, medical schools, farms, large companies and other places that provide animal-testing services. People who support animal testing argue that almost every medical discovery in the 20th century used animals in some way. They say that even complex computers cannot model connections between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms, and the environment. Many important discoveries were made because of animal testing. But some scientists and animal rights organizations such as PETA do not support animal testing. They say that it is cruel, poorly done, and costly. Others argue that animals have the right not to be used for experiments, and that model organisms are different from humans. The limits to animal testing is different in various countries.

The words animal testing, animal experimentation, animal research, "in vitro" testing, and vivisection have similar meanings,differently. "tatiosion" means to "cut up" a living animal. It was used only in experiments that dissected live animals. The word "vivisection" is sometimes used negatively about any experiment with live animals. For example, the "Encyclopædia Britannica" described "vivisection" as: "Operation on a living animal for experimental rather than healing purposes; more broadly, all experimentation on live animals". However, dictionaries note that the wider definition is "used only by people who are opposed (dislike) to such work". The word makes people think of torture, pain, and death. People who dislike animal testing often use the word "vivisection", while scientists usually use the expression "animal experimentation" instead.

The earliest mention of animal testing is in the writings of the Greeks in the second and fourth centuries BCE. Aristotle (Αριστοτέλης) (384 – 322 BCE) and Erasistratus (304 – 258 BCE) where some of the first people to try out experiments on living animals. Galen, a doctor in second-century Rome who was known as the "father of vivisection", dissected pigs and goats. Avenzoar, an Arabic doctor in twelfth-century Spain, tested out surgical processes on animals before applying them to humans.

Animals have often been used in the history of scientific study. In the 1880s, Louis Pasteur showed the germ theory of medicine by putting anthrax in sheep. In the 1890s, Ivan Pavlov famously used dogs to describe classical conditioning. On November 3, 1957, a Russian dog, Laika, became the first animal to orbit the earth. In the 1970s, antibiotic treatments and vaccines for leprosy were made using armadillos, then given to humans. In 1974, Rudolf Jaenisch produced the first genetically changed mammal. He put DNA from a virus into the genome of mice. Genetic study grew quickly after that. In 1996, Dolly the sheep was born—the first cloned mammal.

In the 20th century, toxicology testing became important. In the 19th century, laws about drugs were less strict. Drugs did not have to be checked for safety. But in 1937, a drug called Elixir Sulfanilamide killed more than 100 people. They caused great and long lasting pain, vomiting, and fits. After that, the U.S. congress made laws that said that drugs had to be tested on animals before they could be sold. Other countries passed similar laws.

Even back in the 17th century, people disagreed about animal testing. In 1655, Edmund O'Meara said that "the miserable torture of vivisection places the body in an unnatural state." O'Meara and others said that animals could be affected by pain during vivisection, making results unreliable. Others also disliked animal testing because they felt that animals should not be hurt for humans. Others opposed animal testing for different reasons: many believed that animals were not as good as humans and that they were so different that results of animal testing would not work on humans.

Supporters had different views. They argued that experiments on animals were necessary for knowledge. Claude Bernard, the "prince of vivisectors" and the father of physiology famously wrote in 1865 that "the science of life is a superb and dazzlingly (brightly) lighted hall which may be reached only by passing through a long and ghastly kitchen". He declared that "experiments on entirely conclusive for the toxicology and hygiene of effects of these substances are the same on man as on animals, save for differences in degree". Because of Bernard, animal testing became a regular scientific method. Surprisingly, though, his wife, Marie Françoise Martin, began the first anti-vivisection society in France in 1883.

In 1896, Dr. Walter B. Cannon said, “The antivivisectionists are the second of the two types Theodore Roosevelt described when he said, ‘Common sense without conscience may lead to crime, but conscience without common sense may lead to folly, which is the handmaiden (servant) of crime.’ ” The public first began giving its attention to the supporters and opposers of animal testing during the brown dog affair in the early 1990s. In the brown dog affair, hundreds of medical students and anti-vivisectionists and police argued over a memorial to a vivisected dog.



Campylobacter

Campylobacter is a genus of bacteria. It is found in the intestines of many types of animal. "Campylobacter" is the most common bacterial cause of diarrhea and food poisoning. It is spiral shaped, and moves by using its flagella.

Campylobacteriosis is a gastrointestinal tract infection caused by "Campylobacter". It causes inflammation, sometimes bloody diarrhea, cramps, fever, and pain.

Campylobacteriosis is more common during the summer months. It also appears to be more common in males than females. It is caused by eating contaminated food or drinking contaminated water. Eating raw meat or undercooked poultry, and raw dairy products are common causes.

In January 2013, the UK's Food Standards Agency warned that two-thirds of all raw chicken bought from UK shops was contaminated with" Campylobacter". It affects about half a million people annually and kills about 100.

Emperor Taishō

Emperor Taishō (meaning "Great Justice") was the name given to Yoshihito at the time of his coronation. Emperors of Japan receive a new name at the time of their coronation, and people start using the new name, both to refer to the emperor himself and the name of the era during which he reigned.

Taishō's early life was marked by many changes in the role of emperor; and his reign was a period of consolidation.

A timeline of major events includes:




Emperor Meiji

Meiji's reign was marked by many changes including the move of the Imperial court from Kyoto to Tokyo.

A timeline of major events includes:

He died in Tokyo. A detailed account of the state funeral in the "New York Times" concluded with an observation: "The contrast between that which preceded the funeral car and that which followed it was striking indeed. Before it went old Japan; after it came new Japan."

The spirits of Emperor Meiji and his wife are honored at the in Tokyo.




Trivium (band)

Trivium is a heavy metal band from Orlando, Florida. They started in 1999 and became very successful. The members are: Matt Heafy (vocals, guitars), Corey Beaulieu (guitars), Paolo Gregoletto (bass) and Alex Bent (drums). 






Emily Browning

Emily Jane Browning (born 7 December 1988) is an Australian movie actress and singer. Browning made her movie debut in the Australian television movie "The Echo of Thunder". Later, she played recurring roles in Australian television shows "Blue Heelers" and "Something in the Air." Her breakthrough role was in the 2002 horror movie "Ghost Ship," which introduced her to a wider audience. In 2005, Browning won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Violet Baudelaire in the comedy movie "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2004).

Browning is also known for her roles in the horror movie "The Uninvited" (2009), the action movie "Sucker Punch" (2011), and the independent movie "Sleeping Beauty" (2011). Her role in "Sleeping Beauty" was highly praised and in 2011 was named the Breakthrough performer of the year by Hamptons International Film Festival.

Trivium (liberal arts)

The word trivium, from Latin, is made of two parts. The first part "tres" meant "three" and the second part "vía" meant "way". 

In antiquity and the High Middle Ages, there were different ways of teaching young men at the university. The trivium was three simplest ways to study the world, and so young men learned them first. After the trivium, they studied the quadrivium. Together, these subjects were called the seven liberal arts. The most difficult, and final subject studied was theology.

The three subjects were related to talking about the world. These subjects were grammar, logic and rhetoric. They were ways of preparing for the quadrivium, which includes arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy.

One way of studying the world is to look at the form of the words. Grammar is the mechanics of the language.
When a man studied grammar, he studied how words were put together, and how words were combined to make sentences, paragraphs, chapters, and stories.

The word "grammar" has a more limited meaning now than it did before now. Many subjects, such as syntax and phonetics were part of grammar.

One way of studying the world is to look at the meaning of words. Logic is the mechanics of thought and analysis. Logic is the study of how meanings are related to each other, and how to make good decisions. A fallacy is when someone does not draw a conclusion according to the rules of logic. An old name for logic was dialectics.

One way of studying the world is to look at communicating with words. Rhetoric is the mechanics of discourse. Discourse is the process of two or more people communicating about an idea. Young men studied rhetoric in order to learn how to instruct and to persuade. 


Ancient Greek boxing

Ancient Greek boxing is a very old sport. It has been practiced at least since the eighth century BC. Homer wrote about it in his poem "Iliad". At that time, Greece was made of many city-states that were independent. Each city state seems to have had its own version of the sport.

Today, most of the sources that talk about Greek boxing are either legends, or they are fragmentary. When a source is fragmentary, this means that part of the text has been lost, or is missing. This makes it difficult to find the rules, or where and how the activity was done. Several details are missing, but it seems boxing with gloves was an important part of the Greek athletic culture of the time.

The activity was called "pyx" or "pygme" in Ancient Greek. Archeologists have found evidence that this activity was probably done by the Minoan and Mycenaean cultures. Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece. One legend says that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a type of boxing where two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed. Later, the boxers began to fight while standing. They also started to wear gloves (with spikes) and wrappings on their arms below the elbows. In Ancient Greece, most sports were done naked, boxing too. 

According to "Iliad", Mycenaean warriors included boxing in their competitions. They did this to honor those who had died. It is possible that Homer told about what the Greeks did, at a later time. Boxing was one of the contests held in memory of Achilles' friend Patroclus, who was killed toward the end of the Trojan War. To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing ("pygme / pygmachia") to the Olympic Games in 688 BC. People taking part trained on punching bags (called a "korykos"). Fighters wore leather straps (called "himantes") over their hands, wrists, and sometimes chest, to protect themselves from injury. The straps also left the fingers free. 

Philostratus was a scholar and an historian. According to him, boxing was originally developed in Sparta, in order to harden warriors’ faces for battle. The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle. However, Spartans never took part in the competitive version of boxing. They thought it was dishonorable to be defeated that way. 

Until around 500 BC "himantes" were used as protection for the knuckles and hand. They were thongs of ox hide between 3 and 3.7 meters long. The "himantes" were wrapped around the hands and knuckles many times.

Around 400 BC "sphairai" were introduced. The "sphairai" were very similar to "himantes". The biggest difference was that the inside was padded when they were wrapped around the hands. The outside of the thong was more rigid too.

Soon after the "saphirai" had been introduced, they were replaced by "oxys" used for boxing. "Oxys" were made of several thick leather bands that were wrapped around the hand, wrist, and forearm. A band of fleece was placed on the forearm to wipe away sweat. Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching. The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well.

"Korykos" were the equivalent to modern punching bags. They were used for practice in the Palaestra and were filled with sand, flour, or millet.

The rules currently used for the sport are based on the old rules. As pointed out above, there are only incomplete sources for the rules. The rules needed to be deduced from old texts and images:

London School of Economics

The London School of Economics and Political Science (more commonly London School of Economics or LSE) is a college of the University of London in Westminster. The college opened in 1895. It joined the University of London in 1900. Today it is one of the leading universities for Law, Economics and Political Sciences. QS ranked it as the second best university in the world for social science in 2013. 

Some of the most notable people who attended the college are:


It is a member of the Russell Group. In 2011 17,654 people applied for 1,271 undergraduate places. This means there were 13.8 applicants for every place. Over half of LSE's students are postgraduates. 16 Nobel Prize winners have been LSE students or staff. It has the highest percentage of students from another country in the world and 46% of staff are from other countries.

Friedrich Hayek

Friedrich August von Hayek, CH (8 May 1899 – 23 March 1992) was an Austrian-British economist and political philosopher. He became known because he strongly defended liberalism and free-market capitalism. He was against too much central control of the economy and society. He thought that forms of government like socialism were not good for the economy, and damaged freedom of the individual. Hayek's signature work, "The Road to Serfdom", refers to the consequences of socialism.

He was one of the most important economists and political philosophers of the 20th century. He was one of the most important members of the Austrian School of economics. He also had many ideas in the fields of jurisprudence and cognitive science. He shared the 1974 Nobel Prize in Economics with his rival Gunnar Myrdal. The award was for their work in the theory of money and economic fluctuations; also for their analysis of the inter-dependence of economic, social and institutional phenomena. He also received the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991. He is thought to be one of the major causes of change from the Keynesian policies of the first part of the 20th century. Instead of governments handling the details of the economy, they went back towards classical liberalism in the 1980s and later. This happened most clearly in the 1980s in the U.S.A. (under Ronald Reagan) and the U.K. (under Margaret Thatcher).



Ancient Olympic Games

The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece. They used to be called the Olympic Games (; "Olympiakoi Agones") until the modern day Olympic Games started. The Ancient Olympic Games began in 776 BC in Olympia, Greece.
Prizes at the games were olive wreaths, palm branches and woollen ribbons. The ancient Olympics were played in the honour of the God Zeus. 

Women were not allowed to participate or even to see the competitions.

There is no agreement on when the Games officially ended, but many historians think it is 393 AD, when the Christian Roman emperor Theodosius I declared that all Pagan religious practices should end. Another date might be 426 AD, when the next emperor Theodosius II ordered the destruction of all Greek temples. The stadium in Olympia got buried by landslides and other natural disasters. After the Olympics stopped, they were not held again until the modern Olympic Games were started in 1896 in Athens.

Here are athletes that competed at the Games:



Manhattan (movie)

Manhattan is a 1979 American romantic comedy-drama movie by director Woody Allen. The movie is set in New York City. The movie is about Issac Davis (played by Allen), a divorced 42-year old dating a 17-year-old girl. His ex-wife is openly lesbian.

The movie was nominated for two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actress (Mariel Hemingway) and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. It also won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay. The movie was #46 on American Film Institute's "100 Years...100 Laughs". In 2001, the United States Library of Congress said the movie was "culturally significant" and selected it to keep in the National Film Registry.

The movie had mostly positive reviews.


Match Point

Match Point is a 2005 British crime drama thriller movie by director Woody Allen. It is set in London and stars Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Rhys Meyers.

Punching bag

A punching bag is a tough bag which is supposed to be punched a lot. It is used in exercise or stress relief to improve one of three areas: physical strength, aerobic fitness or punching technique.

Punching bags have been used in martial arts for as long as there has been a written history of military training. Similar apparatus in Asian martial arts include the Okinawan "makiwara" and the Chinese "mook jong", which may have padded striking surfaces attached to them.


Nocera Inferiore

Nocera Inferiore, is a town and comune in Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno, at the foot of Monte Albino, 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail, . above sea-level.

Nuceria Alfaterna appears to have been the chief town in the valley of the Sarnus, Herculaneum, Pompeii, Stabiae and Surrentum all being dependent upon it.

Hannibal destroyed the town in 216.

In 1385 Pope Urban VI was besieged in the castle of Charles of Durazzo.

At Nocera had sped a big part of they life the painter Francesco Solimena, and the writers Jacopo Sannazzaro and Domenico Rea.

Is the birthplace of the footballers Simone Barone and Raffaele De Martino.
Originally from Nocera are the parents of Italian American Warren Cuccurullo and Mario Cuomo.

Nevado del Ruiz

Nevado del Ruiz is a volcano in Colombia. It is also called Mount Ruiz. It is about

The eruption of 1985 caused a lahar. About 23,000 people died when the mud from the lahar covered Armero. This makes it the most deadly lahar that is known. People who live near the volcano call it "the Sleeping Lion", because it was dormant or sleeping for nearly 150 years before the Armero lahar.

Nevado del Ruiz is a broad, icy stratovolcano that covers more than . Three major parts, made of andesitic and dacitic lavas and andesitic pyroclastics, have built up since the beginning of the Pleistocene. The cone consists of a wide cluster of lava domes produced within the summit caldera. The 1-kilometer wide, Arenas crater is the summit. The prominent La Olleta pyroclastic cone is on the volcano's southwest flank and may also have been active in historical times. The mountain's flanks are lined by steep and massive landslides. Melting of its summit icecap during historical eruptions resulted in devastating lahars, including the famous eruption in 1985 that was the world's deadliest. There was an eruption in 2016.

In 1595, a lahar flowed down along the valleys of the River Guali and the River Lagunillas, killing 636 people. In 1845, another massive lahar flooded the upper valley of the River Lagunillas, killing over 1,000 people. It continued for downstream before spreading across a plain in the lower valley floor. It is believed both of these formed from melting of the snow and ice that cover the summit. 

Nevado del Ruiz was very active in the three months before it erupted. Italian volcanologists analyzed gas samples from the fumaroles along the Arenas crater floor. They were a mixture of carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide, indicating a direct magmatic release. A very high lahar risk was stressed in the mission's report delivered on October 22, 1985 and various simple preparedness techniques were proposed to local authorities.

During the following "quiet" period in October, the hydrothermal component of the vapor discharge steadily increased. The gases were super-saturated with elemental sulfur; their thermodynamic equilibration temperatures ranged from 200 to 600° Celsius. Gases and water from fumaroles and thermal springs on the flanks of the volcano are likely to be produced from a two-phase vapor-brine envelope within the volcano. Production of such gas over extended periods may account for the large amount of sulfur dioxide being released from the volcano in relation to the small amount of ejected solids.

The destruction wrought by the 1985 eruption was partially due to the fact that many scientists did not say whether or not to evacuate the area. A group of scientists informed them that they faced imminent and almost certain death. The people in Armero thought that because the volcano had not erupted in 100 years, it had no reason to erupt. Scientists later looked back to the hours before the eruption and noticed that several long period earthquakes had occurred. Long-period earthquakes are those which start out strong and then die down very slowly. Volcanologist Bernard Chouet said that these earthquakes occur in the final hours before an eruption. According to Chouet, "the volcano was screaming 'I'm about to explode'," but scientists at the time doubted his theory.

On November 13, 1985, at 9:08 pm, Nevado del Ruiz erupted; ejecting dacitic tephra more than 30 kilometers into the atmosphere. The amount of magma erupted from the volcano was 3% of that from Mount St. Helens in 1980. The eruption reached Volcanic Explosivity Index 3. The material ejected was described by scientists as "unusually rich in sulfur dioxide".

Pyroclastic flows melted ice and snow at the summit, forming 4 thick lahars that rushed down the river valleys. As most lahars do, the mudflows began as flows of water, sand, and gravel, and mixed with clay along the way. The lahars were up to wide and six feet deep (2 m) and travelled more than . The lahars destroyed many houses and towns. The town of Armero was completely covered, killing approximately 21,000 people (three-fourths of the population), as well as affecting 13 other villages. The eruption caused an estimated 23,000 deaths, 5,000 injuries, and destroyed more than 5,000 homes. This was the second deadliest volcanic disaster in the 20th century, after the 1902 eruption of Mount Pelee, and the fourth deadliest eruption in recorded history. It is the deadliest lahar in recorded history, and Colombia's worst natural disaster.

The disaster got some coverage because of a photograph taken by photographer Frank Fournier, of a young girl named Omayra Sánchez who was trapped beneath rubble for three days before she died. In response to the eruption, the USGS Volcano Crisis Assistance Team was formed in 1986, and the Volcano Disaster Assistance Program.

The volcano erupted again in 1988 and 1991.In April 2008, it erupted again, and thousands were evacuated. Volcanologists were worried that this could be another "Nevado del Ruiz". 

Survivors who went to other towns in the area were gradually housed in new government schemes. Armero was not rebuilt because the old lahar traces were discovered, and the Colombian government declared the site "holy ground" so that no one would ever suffer again like Armero.

Now a new system can detect lahars, giving people more warning to evacuate before they happen. The system uses Acoustic Flow Monitors which analyze ground shaking that could result in a lahar. These monitors are placed in the volcano and warn officials if there is a lot of shaking. They were tested on Mount Rainier in the United States.
The glaciers of Nevado del Ruiz were formed slowly over hundreds of years. Because of global warming, the glaciers are starting to melt. Since Ruiz became well-known after its eruption in 1985, scientists and government officials in Colombia are worried the glaciers might melt completely.

The stratovolcano is in the Pacific Ring of Fire, an area of the earth's crust where the land is unstable. It encircles the Pacific Ocean, and houses some of the world's most active volcanoes. The volcano is the northernmost of several Colombian stratovolcanoes in the Andean Volcanic Belt of western South America. The Andean volcanic belt was produced by the eastward subduction of the oceanic Nazca plate beneath the South American continental plate. Normally, these type of stratovolcanoes generate explosive Plinian eruptions with associated pyroclastic flows that can melt snow and glaciers near the summit, producing devastating lahars.

The volcano is part of the Ruiz-Tolima volcanic massif (or Cordillera Central), a group of five different icy stratovolcanoes.

Tao

Tao (Pinyin Dào ) is a metaphysical concept found in Taoism, Confucianism, and more often in ancient Chinese philosophy. The Chinese character translates as "way," "path," or "route,". In Taoism, the Tao was the origin of the whole universe. Taoists believe that the "myriad things", or everything in the universe from animals to materials to ideas, originally came from the Tao, and when something disappears, it's energy (or "qi") goes back to the Tao to be absorbed and re-birthed in a different form. 

The Tao is a cosmic force that can't be named or described, which is the natural harmony between all living things, and the way they all move together. Taoists thought that if someone "forgot themselves", and let go of intentions, they would be able to "move effortlessly" (wu wei, or "non-action"), and be in harmony with the Tao, like the animals, plants, and everything else. This harmony is the ultimate goal of Taoism.

Vitaceae

Vitaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants including the grape and Virginia creeper. The family name comes from the genus "Vitis". The name sometimes appears as Vitidaceae, but Vitaceae is a conserved name and therefore has priority over both Vitidaceae and another name sometimes found in the older literature, Ampelidaceae.

The relationships of Vitaceae are unclear and the family does not appear to have any close relatives. In the Cronquist system, the family was placed near the family Rhamnaceae in order Rhamnales. The family was placed in the Rosid clade, but not classified in an order, by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG). The Angiosperm Phylogeny Web places Vitaceae in its own order, Vitales. Recent phylogenetic analyses support Vitaceae as the sister-group to all other rosids (Jansen et al. 2006).

Most Vitis species have 38 chromosomes (n=19), but 40 (n=20) in subgenus Muscadinia, while Ampelocissus, Parthenocissus, and Ampelopsis also have 40 chromosomes (n=20) and Cissus has 24 chromosomes (n=12).

The family is economically important as grapes (Vitis species) are an important fruit crop and, when fermented, produce wine.

Species of the genus Tetrastigma serve as hosts to parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae.

Leea, sometimes classified in its own family, Leeaceae, is included in Vitaceae by the APG and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Web.

Vitis

Vitis is a genus of about 60 species of vining plants in the flowering plant family Vitaceae. The genus is made up of species most often found in the Northern hemisphere. It is economically important as the source of grapes, both for direct consumption of the fruit and for fermentation to produce wine. The cultivation of grapevines is called viticulture. A farm or garden where grapes are grown is a vineyard.

Smiley Smile

Smiley Smile is the twelfth studio album by The Beach Boys. It was released in 1967.

Sulfur dioxide

Sulfur dioxide (also sulphur dioxide) is the chemical compound with the formula SO. It is a gas. It smells like burnt matches or rotten eggs. It can also cause suffocation. Sulfur dioxide is produced by volcanoes and in various industrial processes. It is also used to protect wine from oxygen and bacteria. It can be produced by burning sulfur. It dissolves in water to produce sulfurous acid. It can be oxidized to trioxide, which is dissolved in sulfuric acid to make more sulfuric acid. It is used to make sulfites.

Foreign policy

A country's foreign policy (also called the international relations policy) is a set of goals about how the country will work with other countries economically, politically, socially and militarily. It includes such matters as international trade, foreign aid, military alliances, and war. 

Foreign policy also involves dealing with groups that are not countries but that are still important. These are called "non-state actors", and might include religious groups, large companies, or even terrorist groups. The study of foreign relations is known as foreign policy analysis (FPA) and the work is called diplomacy. Most counties have a foreign minister who directs these things, with help from other officials.

Foreign policy is basically the way a government deals with other nations. The policy and behavior of other states, as well as domestic consideration and interests is what influences the development of foreign policy. According to Lumen Learning, foreign policy consists of self-interest strategies chosen by the state to safeguard its national interests and to achieve its own goals through relations with other countries. This means that foreign policies are arrangements made by the government to benefit them. 

Philip II

Philip II may mean:


Dolná Krupá

Dolná Krupá is a village in the Trnava region of Slovakia. It is in the Danubian Hills at around 12 km from the city of Trnava.

The important sights in the village are:


Little Carpathians

The Little Carpathians or Lesser Carpathians are a mountain range that are about 100 kilometers long. They are found in the western part of Slovakia, between Bratislava and Nové Mesto nad Váhom, and in Northeastern Austria.

Danubian Hills

The Danubian Hills is an area in Slovakia. It is between the Danube plain to the south and the Little Carpathian Mountains to the north. The most important towns of the area are Trnava, Topoľčany, Nitra, Levice, Dudince and Štúrovo.

Human nature

Human nature refers to the characteristics of mankind. This means ways of thinking, feeling and acting which humans have naturally.
What these characteristics are, what causes them and how fixed human nature is, are good questions. They among the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy. These questions affect ethics, politics and theology. Human nature is a source of advice on how to live well, but it also puts limits and obstacles on living a good life.
The complex implications of such questions are also dealt with in art and literature, while the humanities inquire into human nature, and what it means to be human.

Many great thinkers have had definite ideas on human nature, but some ideas have lasted better than others. An example of this is the best-selling college textbook which first appeared in 1974 as "Seven theories of human nature". The seven theories were those of:

Thirty years later the selection was of ten theories:

Aristotle, Plato's most famous student, made some of the most famous and influential statements about human nature.

In his works some clear statements about human nature are made:

For Aristotle, reason is what is most special about humanity compared to other animals, and is what we achieve at our best.

Much of Aristotle's description of human nature is still influential today, but the particular teleological idea that humans are "meant" or intended to be something, has become much less popular in modern times.

Humans are mammals, and have developed by a process of evolution. It follows that what is called human nature is inherited, and had been the product of natural selection. We are not blank slates; our mental life and behaviour has ancient roots. This is the question of nature vs nurture, and the subject-matter of evolutionary psychology. Ethology and sociobiology has also looked at these issues from the perspective of human evolution and heredity.

Krupský potok

Krupský potok is a tributary of the Blava River in Slovakia. This means it flows into the Blava River.

Belly dance

A belly dance is a Middle Eastern type of dancing. In the Arabic language, it is called raqs sharqi (which means "oriental dance"). Many boys and girls in countries where belly dancing is popular will learn how to do it when they are young. The dance involves movement of many different parts of the body; usually in a circular way.

The term "Belly dance" is translated from the French language "danse du ventre". However, this dance is done by every part of the body. The most featured body part usually is the hips. Belly dancing is very different depending on country and region, both in costume and dance style.

Belly dancing came from the dances performed in the Middle East and North Africa. One theory is that belly dance may have come from Arabia, a dance when the pagan Arabs were worshipping a goddess before the rise of Islam. A third theory is that belly dance was always danced just for entertainment.

Another theory is that belly dance was originally danced by women for women in the Levant, and North Africa.

The courtly pleasures of the Muslim Umayyad and Abbasid caliphs included belly dancing, soirée, and singing. Belly dancers and singers were sent from all parts of the vast Arab Empire to entertain.

Belly dance was taken from Egypt by the Roma people to Turkey.

Atreyu

Atreyu are an American heavy metal band. They are signed to Roadrunner Records. They took their name from a character called "Atreyu" in a book called "The Neverending Story".Sound Tracks
Compilations
Magazine cover compilations
'Atreyu' is an American metal core band with melodic death metal and hardcore influences from Orange County, California. Contrary to popular belief, the band did not intentionally name itself after Atreyu, a character from Michael Ende's novel, The Never-ending Story. Rather, the name was suggested to them by a friend of the band. 
Current
Atreyu was formed as a band sometime during 1998 and 1999. Shortly thereafter, they released their first EP, entitled Visions. The record garnered the band some success in the Southern California metal core scene and they constantly performed to support the seven-track release.
Atreyu released its second record, a five-track EP, entitled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty, in 2001. The record featured early versions of the songs "Living Each Day Like You're Already Dead", "Someone's Standing on My Chest", and "Tulips Are Better", which were re-worked for the band's third release. The record also caught the attention of record executives at Victory Records, who quickly signed the band and added it to its roster.
Atreyu recorded and released its first full-length album in 2002. Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses would become an instant fan favorite and was noticed by a wide variety of music fans. The record broke down the walls separating the genres of heavy metal and hardcore, allowing the band to push itself into the forefront of the metal core scene. Critics from publications such as the L.A. Times, Guitar World, and Metal Maniacs commented that the "Southern California five-piece brings new definition to overnight success." Since then, the album has sold over 100,000 copies and has produced two popular singles, "Ain’t Love Grand" and "Lip Gloss and Black." Their newest album, "Congregation of the Damned", was released October 2009 and delighted many of their original fans. Their songs changed by their music slowly getting heavier and darker.

Michael Laudrup

Michael Laudrup (born 15 June 1964) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team.

52||26||||||||||52||26
162||25||||||||||162||25
228||52||||||||||228||52
15||5||3||2||6||1||24||8
21||11||||||||||21||11
478||119||3||2||6||1||487||122

!Total||104||37

Clive Charles

Clive Michael Charles (3 October 1951 – 26 August 2003) was an English football player, coach and television announcer. He was one of five National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) coaches to win more than 400 games.

Paul Gascoigne

Paul John Gascoigne (born 27 May 1967) is an English retired football player. He has played for England national team.

Paul Gascoigne was born in Gateshead, County Durham, on 27 May 1967. His father, John (1946–2018), was a hod carrier, and his mother, Carol, worked in a factory. He was named Paul John Gascoigne in tribute to Paul McCartney and John Lennon. 

Despite having a hard and troubled childhood, Gascoigne developed a love for football. Gascoigne saw professional football as a way of earning money to provide for his family He enjoyed football, and later wrote that "I didn't have twitches or worry about death when I was playing football". He was signed on as an apprentice at Newcastle on his 16th birthday.

Gascoigne married Sheryl Failes in 1996. Gascoigne had a son, Regan, with Sheryl and also adopted Sheryl's two children from her first marriage, Mason and Bianca. 

Newcastle United Youth

Tottenham Hotspur

Rangers

Middlesbrough

England U21

Individual


Marcel Desailly

Marcel Desailly (born Odenke Abbey; 7 September 1968) is a French former professional footballer.

Marseille

AC Milan

Chelsea

Al-Gharafa

France

Individual

Orders


Vinnie Jones

Vinnie Jones (born 5 January 1965) is a former English football player. He played for Wales national team. Jones is now an actor. He played Juggernaut in Marvel's "". Jones was a housemate in the 2010 UK series of "Celebrity Big Brother".

Wealdstone

IFK Holmsund


Wimbledon

Leeds United




Peter Schmeichel

Peter Schmeichel (born 18 November 1963) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team.

Schmeichel was a contestant in the 2006 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".

197||8||||||||||20||0||217||8
350||1||43||0||20||0||47||1||460||2
50||0||||||||||||||50||0
597||9||43||0||20||0||67||1||727||10

!Total||129||1

Peter Shilton

Peter Leslie Shilton (born 18 September 1949) is an English former footballer. He has played for England national team. He has 125 caps for the England national team. This is more than any other player.

Shilton was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".

Leicester City

Nottingham Forest

Individual

Chris Coleman

Chris Coleman (born 10 June 1970) is a former Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

478||23
478||23

!Total||32||4

Marcus Hahnemann

Marcus Hahnemann (born June 15, 1972) is an American former soccer player.

!Total||4||0

Kit Symons

Kit Symons (born 8 March 1971) is an English-born Welsh former footballer. He played for Wales national team.

436||27
436||27

!Total||37||2

Tim Howard

Tim Howard (born March 6, 1979) is an American soccer player. He plays for Everton and United States national team.

Manchester United

Everton

United States

Individual

Marcelo Salas

Marcelo Salas (born 24 December 1974) is a former Chilean football player. He has played for Chile national team.

Duncan Edwards

Duncan Edwards (1 October 1936 – 21 February 1958) was an English footballer. He played for Manchester United and the England national team. Edwards was one of the eight "Busby Babes" who died in the Munich air disaster.

Manchester United

Individual

Roger Milla

Roger Milla (born 20 May 1952) is a former Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

204||158
312||111
516||269

!Total||102||28

Toni Turek

Toni Turek is a former football player. He has played for West Germany national team. In 1954 he became world champion. He is called "Fußballgott" ("football god").

224||0
224||0
!Total||20||0


Arthur, Prince of Wales

Arthur Tudor (19 or 20 September 1486 - 2 April 1502) was the oldest son of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York.

As the oldest son, Arthur was to be King of England after the death of his father. In 1501, he married Catherine of Aragon, a princess from Spain. He died a few months later. His younger brother, Henry, became heir to the throne. After Henry became king in 1509, he married Arthur's widow, Catherine. 

The seat prepared for Prince Arthur can be seen in StMarys Priory Church Abergavenny The Tudor rose , Prince of Wales feathers can be seen under The Royal stall with ornamented canopy , dating from 1501.The stall for Catherine can be viewed opposite
Farah River

The Farah River (Persian Farāh Rud) is a river in western Afghanistan. The river originates in the Band-e Bayan Range and flows for 560 km to the Helmand swamps on the Afghanistan-Iran border. The town of Farah is located on the river.


Asuwa River

The is a river in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. It stretches from Mount Kanmuri in the town of Ikeda to the Hino and the Kuzuryū rivers.


Sagami River

The is a river in Kanagawa and Yamanashi Prefectures on the island of Honshū, Japan. 

American Museum of Natural History

The American Museum of Natural History is a museum about science. It is one of the biggest and most-visited museums in the world.

The museum is made of 25 connected buildings in Theodore Roosevelt Park on the Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York, USA. It has 46 exhibition halls, a lot of laboratories, a research library, and more than 34 million specimens and artifacts.

More than 200 scientists work at the museum, researching biology, paleontology, earth science, astrophysics, and anthropology. Its graduate school awards doctorate degrees in biology and masters degrees in education. The museum also provides education programs for children and adults, including for teachers.

Famous people who have worked at the museum include Teddy Roosevelt, Franz Boas, Margaret Mead, and Neil DeGrasse Tyson.


Janis Joplin

Janis Lyn Joplin (January 19, 1943 – October 4, 1970) was an American singer, songwriter, and music arranger, from Port Arthur, Texas. She rose to prominence in the late 1960s as the lead singer of Big Brother and the Holding Company, and later as a solo artist. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Joplin #46 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. Her vocal range was mezzo-soprano. 

She died in Los Angeles, California of an accidental overdose of heroin injections at the age of 28.


Ukulele

The ukulele ( from the Hawaiian ʻukulele, pronounced ) is a musical instrument with four strings. It is also called the "uke" for short. Ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments. The strings are usually tuned G, C, E, A or A, D, F, B. Ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings. 

Ukuleles commonly come in four sizes: soprano, concert, tenor and baritone. Sopranino and bass ukuleles also exist. Sopraninos are tuned to standard tuning, however, baritone ukuleles are tuned to D, G, B, E (the top four strings of a guitar). Bass ukuleles are tuned E, A, D, G (bass guitar and double bass tuning).

The ukulele was invented in the 19th Century AD in Hawaii, where people got the idea from small guitar-like instruments known as cavaquinhos brought to the island by Portuguese sailors. 

Gary Glitter

Gary Glitter, born "Paul Francis Gadd", (born 8 May 1944 in Banbury, Oxfordshire) is a British former glam rock singer whose career ended in the late 1990s by criminal charges and convictions for child sexual abuse offenses. Glitter recorded a very popular song called "Rock and Roll, Parts 1 and 2", often known as "The Hey Song", which was frequently played at sporting events.

His mother was a cleaner who was unmarried and she raised him with the help of her mother and he knew his father and he was hard to control because of his antisocial behaviour along with his brother and he was taken with his brother into local authority care when he was 10 years old. Although a Protestant he went to a Roman Catholic school. He got in trouble at school as a child, he also often ran away and went to London to clubs where his glam rock career started and he started calling himself Paul Raven in 1960 when his glam rock career started and then Gary Glitter in 1971 which he is known as. He has become infamous after being convicted of possessing child pornography and of child sexual abuse. Glitter has also been investigated for claims of child abuse dating back to the 1950s, connecting to the activities of the child abuser Jimmy Savile. He was briefly married to Anne Merton with who he had a son called Paul and a daughter called Sarah but Glitter and Merton divorced. Later when he lived in Cuba he had a Cuban girlfriend called Yudenia Sosa Martinez with who he had another son in 2001 called Gary Glitter Jr. In the 1970s Giltter was also convicted of driving under the influence and had used drugs such as cocaine and had a drug overdose.

Glitter - who became a vegetarian and embraced Buddhism - lived in Cambodia until 2002 when he was extradited to Vietnam where he was sentenced to three years jail in early 2006 for child sex offences he committed in Vietnam but on appeal twice with his Vietnamese lawyer he was released in November 2008. He has since returned to the United Kingdom where the British Government has decided that he can't travel overseas and several countries around the world have banned him and he gave in his passport to the government officials as required. Gary Glitter was placed on the UK Sex Offender Registry for life as a registered sex offender showing his real name Paul Francis Gadd and his other name of Gary Glitter. He was also arrested in 2012 by police investigating complaints against Jimmy Savile and questioned and has been monitored by Police in an investigation code named Operation Yewtree and is one of the most hated people. Others arrested include Dave Lee Travis, Stuart Hall, Wilfred De'ath, Ted Beston, Jim Davidson, Freddie Starr, Max Clifford, Paul Gambaccini and Rolf Harris. In June 2014, Glitter was charged with eight child sex offences dating back to the 1970s. Glitter was sentenced to 16 years in prison in February 2015.

Rick Astley

Richard Paul Astley (born 6 February 1966) is a British singer, songwriter and musician. He was born in Great Sankey, Warrington, Lancashire, England and grew up in Newton-le-Willows, Merseyside. Astley has also lived in Richmond, London with his Danish wife, Lene Bausager, and their daughter, Emilie.

In 1985, Astley was a drummer with a soul band named FBI when Pete Waterman noticed him and persuaded him to come to London to work at the PWL recording studio.

His first single was the little-known "When You Gonna," released as a collaboration with Lisa Carter. His first solo offering was "Never Gonna Give You Up," released in 1987 which spent five weeks at the top of the British charts and becoming the year's highest-selling single. On 12 March 1988, "Never Gonna Give You Up" also topped the U.S. singles chart and was followed by a second U.S. #1 on 18 June with his second U.S. single release, "Together Forever." In 1989 he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Artist of the Year. He lost to Tracy Chapman.

Much later, thanks to the rick rolling phenomenon and the persistent voting of the website 4chan, he was also nominated for the Best Act Ever Award 2008 at the Liverpool Music Awards.

In 2007 Rick Astley became the subject of a viral Internet meme in which an estimated 25 million Internet users were tricked into watching Rick Astley's video "Never Gonna Give You Up" by posting it under the name of other popular video titles. The practice is now known as Rickrolling. The phenomenon became so popular that on April 1, 2008, YouTube pranked its users by making every single featured video on the front page a Rickroll.

Canada Top data: for singles and albums from The Record magazine. US Top data: for singles from The Billboard Hot 100, for albums from The Billboard 200; UK Top data for singles and albums is from


Swallows and Amazons series

Swallows and Amazons is a series of children's books by the English writer Arthur Ransome. The series is named after the title of the first book in the series. The 12 books are about the adventures of groups of children during school holidays. Events mostly take place in England and Scotland between the World War I and World War II. The stories usually are about outdoor activities, especially camping, fishing and sailing.

The series remains popular today for its lovely, yet often realistic, depiction of childhood and the interplay between children's imagination and reality. It is part of the basis for a large tourist industry in the Lake District and Norfolk Broads areas of England, where many of the books are set. There are also several groups dedicated to the study and promotion of Ransome's work which are largely inspired by the series. The first was the Arthur Ransome Club in Japan. There is also the British-based group, The Arthur Ransome Society, which has an international membership.

The series begins with "Swallows and Amazons", published in 1930. It tells the story of the Walker children, who sail a dinghy (boat) named "Swallow", and the Blackett children, who sail a dinghy named "Amazon". The Walkers are staying at a farm near a lake during the school holidays; the Blacketts live in a house on the opposite shore. The children meet on an island on the lake, and have a series of adventures that weave imaginative tales of pirates and exploration into everyday life in inter-war, rural England.

Rick Astley discography

This article presents the discography of the pop singer Rick Astley.


Arthur Ransome

Arthur Michell Ransome (born 18 January 1884 in Leeds - died 3 June 1967) was an English writer and journalist. He is best known for writing the "Swallows and Amazons series" of children's books. 

Ransome was born in Leeds. His father was Professor of History there. His father's death in 1897 affected Ransome for a long time. He always tried to get past his belief that his father had did not think his abilities were very good.

Ransome got his formal education first in Windermere. He then studied at the Rugby School (where he lived in Lewis Carroll's study room). He did not fully like his time there because of his poor vision, lack of skills at sports, and limited achievement. He attended Yorkshire College, his father's college studying chemistry. After a year there, he stopped going to the college. He went to London to become a writer. He took low-paying jobs as an office assistant in a publishing company. He also worked as editor of a magazine, "Temple Bar Magazine", that was not making much money. During this time, he was writing and became a member of the literary scene of London.

Ransom's most well known book series, "Swallows and Amazons", tells the stories of school-holiday adventures of children. The stories are mostly set in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads. Many of the books involve sailing. Other common things are fishing and camping. The books are so popular that they give a basis of a tourist industry around Windermere and Coniston Water — the two lakes that Ransome used as the basis for his fictional North Country lake.

Never Gonna Give You Up

"Never Gonna Give You Up" is a dance-pop song originally made by Rick Astley. It was released as a single from Astley's multi-million selling debut album, "Whenever You Need Somebody", which was written and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman. The song was a worldwide number-one hit, initially in the singer's native United Kingdom in 1987, where it stayed at number one for five weeks and was the best-selling single of that year.

The music video for the song has become the basis for the "Rickrolling" internet meme.






Stanley Cup playoffs

The Stanley Cup playoffs are an elimination tournament in the National Hockey League.

To win the Stanley Cup, a team must win 16 playoff games, 4 in each of the 4 rounds. 

The playoffs have 4 rounds. Each round is a best-of-seven series. This means up to seven games are played until one team wins 4 of the games. The first three rounds decide which team from each conference will move on to the last round. The last round is called the Stanley Cup Finals. The winner of that set of games becomes the NHL and Stanley Cup winner. 

The first round of the playoffs is called the Conference Quarterfinals. There are four games in each conference. The winners of the first round advance to the second round. The third round is the Conference Finals. The two teams left in each conference (Eastern Conference and Western Conference) play each other. The conference champions advance to the Stanley Cup Finals.

For the first three rounds, the higher-seeded team has home-ice advantage. In the Stanley Cup Finals, it goes to the team with the better regular season record. The team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1, 2, 5 and 7, while the opponent hosts games 3, 4 and 6 (games 5–7 are played "if needed").

Unlike regular season games, which have an altered format for overtime games (3 skaters and a goalie per side), playoff games have regular squads (5 skaters and a goalie per side) and are all played as sudden death format.

Before the 1993–94 season, the style was completely different. The league was split into four divisions, and the best four teams in each of the divisions went to the playoffs. Also, instead of the top team playing the 8th place team in the conference, the first place team played the fourth place team in each division, and the second place team played the third place team. In the second round, the two winning teams in each division would face each other for the divisional championship. The divisional winners in each conference would play one another in the third round for the right to advance to the Stanley Cup Final. This style is still used for deciding the teams in the playoffs in the American Hockey League.

Deepak Chopra

Deepak Chopra (; born October 22, 1946) is an Indian adept of alternative medicine and writer. He has written about spirituality and topics in mind-body connections. Chopra says that he has been influenced by the teachings of Vedanta and the "Bhagavad Gita", as well as by Krishnamurti Jiddu, and by the field of quantum physics. However,he has no knowledge of quantum physics. The ideas Chopra promotes have regularly been criticized by medical and scientific professionals as pseudoscience.

Chopra has written more than 40 books. They range from spiritual and health topics; including bestsellers on aging, the "Seven Spiritual Laws of Success," the existence of God, arguments for the afterlife and world peace. He has also written novels and edited collections of spiritual poetry from India and Persia.





Prime Minister of Israel

The Prime Minister of Israel is the head of government and chief executive of Israel. The prime minister has the most powerful political job in the country and is usually the leader of the majority party or coalition in the Parliament of Israel. The current Prime Minister is Benjamin Netanyahu who took office again in December 2022.

As of , four former prime minister are alive:
The most recent prime minister to die was Shimon Peres, who died on September 28, 2016.

Abukuma River

The Abukuma River (阿武隈川, "Abukuma gawa" or "Abukumagawa") is a river in the Tōhoku region of Japan. It has a length of 234 kilometers. It is the second longest river in the Tōhoku region of Japan and is the 6th longest river in Japan. It rises from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains. It collects water from tributaries leaving the Ōu Mountains and the Abukuma Highlands (阿武隈高地). Then, it empties out into the Pacific Ocean as a major river. It has a 5,390 km² area watershed. About 1.2 million people live along its basin.

Agano River

The Agano River ("Aganogawa") is a river which flows from Fukushima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in Japan. It is called the Aga River or the Ōkawa River in Fukushima. It is 210 km long with 7,710 km² watershed.

In 1927, the Agano River was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

In 1964, a chemical factory at Kanose village in Niigata Prefecture released methyl mercury into the river and this caused the Niigata Minamata disease.

Arakawa River

The Arakawa River () is one of the principal rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital city of Japan. The point of origin is on Mount Kobushi in Saitama Prefecture, and the Arakawa empties into Tokyo Bay, spanning 173 kilometers. The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers. The widest section of the river ranges 2,537 meters at around Gonari Bridge and ranks number one in the nation.

The Arakawa is a sister river with the Potomac River in the United States.


Chikugo River

The is called "Chikushijirō" as a nickname. This river flows through Kumamoto, Ōita, Fukuoka and Saga prefectures in Japan. It rises under the Mount Aso, is 143 km long and is the longest river of Kyūshū. It enters to the Ariake Bay.

The Replacements (band)

The Replacements were an American rock band. They began in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1979, and are best known for being early pioneers of alternative rock.

The Replacements became popular locally after playing live for the first time. This was because of Tommy Stinson's young age. He was still 13. He had learned to play bass guitar at 11 . Early shows were good but soon because impossible to control. The band became known for their rowdy, angry, and often drunken live shows. They often came up on stage too intoxicated to play.

They were banned permanently from "Saturday Night Live" after performing drunk before a national television audience on January 18, 1986. As one critic said, the band could quite often be "mouthing profanities into the camera, stumbling into each other, falling down, dropping their instruments, and generally behaving like the apathetic drunks they were."

The Replacements—when sober—got critical praise for their live shows. Part of the suspense of seeing the Replacements play, was that the audience never knew until the start of a concert if the band would be sober enough to play. It was not unusual for the group to play entire sets of cover versions, ranging anywhere from Bryan Adams's "Summer of '69" to Dusty Springfield's "The Look of Love" to Led Zeppelin's "Black Dog."


Fuji River

The flows from Yamanashi Prefecture to Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan. It is 128 km long and has a drainage area of 3990 km². With the Mogami River and the Kuma River, it is regarded as one of the three most rapid flows of Japan. This river is not well known by people over the world. It is near Mount Fuji.

In 1927, the Fuji River was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best showed Japan and its culture in the Shōwa period.

Hino River

The is a major river in the western part of Tottori Prefecture. The river flows east-northeast for 1004m beginning from Mikuniyama in Nichinan in southern Tottori Prefecture. At Kofu, the river turns north-northwest before finally discharging into Miho Bay at Heizu near Yonago. Approximately 60,800 people use the water from the Hino River.

Jinzū River

The is a river which flows from Gifu Prefecture to Toyama Prefecture in Japan. It is called Miya River (宮川 "Miya-gawa") in Gifu. It is 120 km long and has a watershed of 2,720 km².

Uono River

The is a river in Niigata Prefecture in Japan. It flows into the Shinano River, which is the longest in Japan. It is a good river for sport fishing and maybe rafting but not for swimming.

Ibi River

The is a tributary of the Kiso River in Gifu and Mie Prefectures in Japan. Along with the Nagara and Kiso rivers, the Ibi is the third of the Kiso Three Rivers of the Nōbi Plain. It is one of Japan's first class rivers. The former Tōkaidō post station of Kuwana-juku was on the western banks of this river during the Edo period.

Steely Dan

Steely Dan is an American jazz rock band. The band was made by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker while they were students at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. They were active from 1971 to 1981. They reunited in 1993 to play their music live at concerts.

Seven studio albums were released from 1972 to 1980 and two more were released from 2003 to 2006 after a 23 year break. The band has sold more than 40 million albums across the world and was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in March 2001. Walter Becker died on September 3, 2017.

Becker and Fagen met in 1967 at Bard College. Fagen heard Becker practicing his electric guitar in a café, The Red Balloon, which Fagen liked and he asked Becker to join a band with him. They discovered that they enjoyed similar music and started writing songs together.

They began playing locally, mostly covers of popular music but also some songs which they wrote. The two moved to Brooklyn together after Fagen graduated. Kenny Vance found their music interesting which lead to them working on the soundtrack of a low-budget film for him. This was only for money. Several songs, some of which were later used on official albums, from this time are available through multiple unauthorized collections. The band saw little success during this period.

The band's first three studio albums were a resounding success and sold more than 2.5 million albums together. Countdown to Ecstasy preformed worse than the other two. This was because, according to Becker and Fagen, it was recorded while on tour. The singles Do It Again, Reelin' in the Years (both from "Can't Buy a Thrill"), and Rikki Don't Loose That Number (from "Pretzel Logic") were hits.

During this time, Becker and Fagen wanted to spend their time in the studio while other members wanted to continue touring. Due to this, members began to leave the band until only Becker and Fagen remained. From this point the 'band' consisted of only Becker and Fagen as constants and used many session musicians.

"Katy Lied" was a commercial success but both Becker and Fagen hated the album due to perceived poor audio quality. "The Royal Scam" and "Aja" are both 'platinum' and Aja is the band's highest charting album. A documentary was released of Aja's production. During this time, the band produced an original song, FM (No Static at All), for the film FM; the song succeeded while the movie itself failed badly.

The duo did not write songs for most of 1978 but returned to begin "Gaucho". The album faced many challenges in production. These include: an important track, "The Second Arrangement", being erased; MCA Records preventing Steely Dan from changing labels; Becker being sued for $17 million and negative attention following; Becker being hit and injured by a taxi; and the band being sued by Keith Jarret for copyright violation. Despite these things, the album released in 1980 to major success, also being 'platinum'.

After the release of "Gaucho", the band disbanded in June 1981 and remained apart until 1993. Fagen continued to make music, releasing "The Nightfly" in 1981 to great success. Becker moved to Maui, Hawaii and did some work as a producer on other's albums. Both preformed on Zazu, a 1986 album by Rosie Vela and produced by Steely Dan's former producer Gary Katz. In 1993, Becker produced Fagen's second solo album, "Kamakiriad".

In 1993 Becker and Fagen reunited to tour and promote Fagen's "Kamakiriad". Their touring band was much larger than their typical studio band. MCA released Citizen Steely Dan in 1994, a compilation containing the band's entire album discography and some non-album singles, a demo of "Everyone's Gone to the Movies", and a live recording of "Bodhisattva". The same year, Becker released his first solo album, "11 Tracks of Whack". In 1995, "Alive in America" was released, a compilation of live songs. They toured in the United States, Europe, and Japan during this time.

The band released their first studio album in twenty years, "Two Against Nature", in 2000. Also in this year, the band released the non-studio album "Plush TV Jazz-Rock Party". This album was the first by Steely Dan to win the Grammy's Album of the Year award. Notably, "Everything Must Go" featured less session musicians than the band normally would and the song "Slang of Ages" had Becker singing for the first time on a Steely Dan studio album.

For this time, the band released no new music and toured exclusively. Becker and Fagen both released solo music ("Circus Monkey", "Morph the Cat" and "Sunken Condos" respectively). Becker preformed his last show in May 27, 2017 before his death.

After the death of founding member and half of the band Walter Becker, Fagen continued to tour in order to "keep the music we [Walter and Fagen] created together alive as long as I [Fagen] can with the Steely Dan band." Fagen completed promised shows after Becker's death and continues to tour with the Steely Dan name.



Mastodon (band)

Mastodon is an American heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band was formed in 2000. As of 2023, the band has made eight studio albums. In 2018, the band won a Grammy Award for the song "Sultan's Curse".

In 2002, the band made "Remission". This was their first album. Mastodon's second album, "Leviathan", was released in 2004. It is a concept album. It is based on "Moby-Dick" by Herman Melville.



Tony Chimel

Tony Chimel is an American former professional wrestling ring announcer. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he works as a producer. He is best known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) from 1983 to 2020, where he was a ring announcer (from 1989 to 2017) and part of the ring crew. Following his release from the WWE, Chimel took a job at a Trader Joe's store. He joined AEW in April 2023.


Latin alphabet in Turkic countries

The Latin alphabet in Turkic countries is the common alphabet officially used in most countries with Turkic languages. Turkic languages can also be written in Arabic, Persian and Cyrillic.

After World War I, many Turkic countries implemented a policy of westernization, centered even on the use of the Latin alphabet.
The first was Turkey in 1928, where Kemal Atatürk substituted the Arab alphabet with the Roman alphabet after ordering the end of the Ottoman Empire.

Soon all the Turkic-speaking countries of the Soviet Central Asia did the same and used the so-called "unified Turkish Latin alphabet" based on the one of Atatürk's Turkey, but during WWII, Stalin ordered a Russification process in his Soviet Union and the Latin alphabet was replaced again by the Cyrillic alphabet.

After the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, most of the newly independent Turkic Asian countries put back the Latin alphabet. There are small differences between each country's alphabet.


The Turkish alphabet used in Turkey, based on Latin capital and lower case letters, has 29 letters (but other countries like Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan have more letters). Unusual among languages that use the Latin alphabet, Turkish has both a dotted and dotless version of the letter "I".

Of these 29 letters in the Latin alphabet of Turkey, 8 are vowels (A, E, I, İ, O, Ö, U, Ü); the 21 others are consonants. The letters Q, W, and X of the English alphabet do not occur in this Turkish Latin alphabet, and, in fact, were once illegal in Turkey.

The Turkish alphabet used in other Turkic countries, like Kazakhstan, when using Latin alphabet like in the case of Qazaqsa, has some different letters.

For example, the Qazaqsa Latin alphabet has 38 letters:


Listeria

Listeria is a genus of bacteria with about ten species. It is named after Joseph Lister. "Listeria" are very common, they occur almost everywhere. Two of the ten species are pathogens: they can cause a disease called listeriosis in decaying food.

In 2011, 21 people died from listeriosis by eating cantaloupes from a Colorado farm. In 1998, hot dogs and possibly deli meats made by Bil Mar Foods, a subsidiary of Sara Lee Corp., also had listeria and killed 21 people. In 1985, listeria in Mexican-style soft cheese was linked to 52 deaths.

American Eagle Outfitters

American Eagle is a multinational clothing store based in the United States. Most people who buy clothing from American Eagle are teenagers and young adults. The store opened in 1977 and the headquarters is in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


American Eagle

American Eagle may mean:


Church of Scotland

The Church of Scotland is the national church of Scotland, established by law. It is Presbyterian. The Presbyterian Church of Scotland is distinguished from the Anglican Church in a number of ways. It does not have bishops or archbishops; nor is the British monarch its head. The leading minister is called the Moderator, who is the chair of the General Assembly for one year. Ministers of the Kirk, as it is called, may be called Rectors.

The established kirk has suffered schism (breaks), and this has given rise to the "Wee Frees": the Free Church of Scotland, and (a further schism) the Free Church of Scotland (continuing) (the Wee Wee Frees); and the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland (also, confusingly, called the Wee Wee Frees). 

The Scottish Presbyterian church was formed when it broke away from Rome in 1560. Its theology (beliefs) were based on the ideas of John Knox, a disciple of John Calvin. The free kirks tend to take the Bible more literally. 

About 10% of the people in Scotland are members of this church, but when asked in a census, 47% of people said this was their religion.

In 2023 there were around 4500 churches in Scotland, but fewer people going to services, so there were plans to save money by closing many of them.

In 1992, the Kirk's ruling body (the General Assembly) approved the following simple summary of its beliefs.

God's Invitation 

Malcolm Young

Malcolm Mitchell Young (6 January 1953 – 18 November 2017) was a Scottish-born Australian guitarist. He was the rhythm guitarist for the band AC/DC.

Young left AC/DC in April 2014 to receive treatment for dementia. In September 2014 the band's management announced that his departure would be permanent.

His brothers are George and Angus Young.

Young died on 18 November 2017 at the age of 64 at Lulworth House in Elizabeth Bay. Young's elder brother George Young died a few weeks earlier, on 22 October 2017.


A &amp; C Black

A & C Black is a British book publishing company.

The company was founded in 1807 by Adam and Charles Black in Edinburgh. It moved to the Soho district of London in 1889. In 1851, the company bought the copyright of Walter Scott's Waverley Novels for £27,000. In 1902, it published P. G. Wodehouse's first book, "The Pothunters".

People know the company best for being the publisher of the "Who's Who", printed every year since 1897 and also, since 2002, the Whitaker's Almanack.

A & C Black bought both Christopher Helm Publishers and later the Pica Press, which are publishers of the Helm Identification Guides, written by Christopher Helm.

The company is now part of Bloomsbury Publishing Plc. 


Lush

Lush was an English band. They were active from 1988 to 1996.

Disturbed

Disturbed is a rock band from Chicago, Illinois. They were formed in 1994 and have sold over 11 million albums in the United States alone and almost 20 million around the world. All of Disturbed's albums have been number one on the "Billboard 200". Four of their albums have been number one on their first week on the "Billboard 200".

Disturbed's original name was Brawl, and had a different singer. David Draiman joined Brawl, and changed the name to Disturbed. In 2000, Disturbed released their first CD, called "The Sickness". Since 2000, "The Sickness" has sold over 4 million copies in the United States. In 2002, Disturbed released a DVD called "M.O.L.". This has music videos and videos of the band while on tour. Later in 2002, Disturbed released another CD, called "Believe". After Disturbed finished a tour in 2003, they fired bassist, Steve Kmak. He was replaced with John Moyer. In 2005, Disturbed released another album called "Ten Thousand Fists". One of Disturbed's songs, "This Moment" was put in the movie "Transformers". In 2008, Disturbed released another album, called "Indestructible". Some of the songs from "Indestructible" were put on the video game "Rock Band".



Survivor (band)

Survivor is a hard rock band from Berwyn, Illinois. They were active from 1978 to 1989. They reunited in 1993. Their best-known single was "Eye of the Tiger", which was the theme song to the movie "Rocky III".

Herne Bay

Herne Bay is a small seaside town in Kent, South East England. It is about from London. The town has a population of about 35,000. It is near Canterbury, Whitstable and the historic villages of Herne and Reculver. Up until 1978, the town had the second-longest pier in the United Kingdom. However, in 1987 it was destroyed by a storm.

Murten

Murten (French: "Morat") is a city in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. It is a historic city on the south side of Lake Morat. The name of the city first appears in 515 as "Muratum". The name is probably related to Celtic "Moridunum". This is made from "Mori" (lake), and "dunum" (castle, fortification). The city used to be part of the duchy of Burgundy. It got city rights in 1337.

Today, about 6,000 people live there. Almost all of the old parts of the city still exist. In 2000, about 77% of the people spoke German, 13% spoke French, and about 2% spoke Italian. About 19% of the people living there are foreigners.

On 1 January 1975 the former municipality of Burg bei Murten merged into the municipality of Murten. It was created on 1 January 1991 by the former municipality of Altavilla and on 1 January 2013 by the former municipality of Büchslen. On 1 January 2016 the former municipalities of Courlevon, Jeuss, Lurtigen and Salvenach merged into Murten. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Clavaleyres (Canton of Bern), Galmiz and Gempenach merged to form the municipality of Murten.


Herne

Herne may mean:


NOT gate

A NOT gate (also often called Inverter) is a logic gate. Each NOT gate has only one input signal. Logically with NOT gates, the input and the output swap, so if you input "1" it outputs as "0"; likewise if you input "0" it outputs as "1".The NOT gate negates the values of data or signal in its input. It will always output the opposite signal. Its main function is to interchange logic.

In the 20th century an inverter was often made of a discrete transistor with other components, or several inverters were packaged in an integrated circuit.

There are three symbols for the NOT gate:



Paul Breitner

Paul Breitner (born 5 September, 1951) is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.

285||93
84||10
369||103

!Total||48||10

Bobby Convey

Bobby Convey (born May 27, 1983) is an former American soccer player. He plays for San Jose Earthquakes.

Bruce Arena

Bruce Arena (born September 21, 1951) is a former American soccer player. He played for Tacoma Tides and the United States Men's national team. Arena graduated from Cornell University in 1973. He most recently served as the head coach and sporting director of the New England Revolution. 

!Total||1||0

Jimmy Glass

James Robert Glass (born 1 August 1973) is an English retired football player.

Miklós Fehér

Miklós Fehér is a former Hungarian football player. He has played for Hungary national team.

62||23
79||27
141||50

!Total||25||7

Åge Hareide

Åge Hareide is a former Norwegian football player. He has played for Norway national team.

165||31
64||2
229||33

!Total||50||5

Moussa Hojeij

Moussa Hojeij is a Lebanese football coach and former player. He played for the national team between 1998 and 2002. Currently he is the manager of Lebanese club Nejmeh.

Paul Mariner

Paul Mariner (22 May 1953 – 9 July 2021) was an English football player. He played for England national team from 1977 until 1985.

Mariner died on 9 July 2021 from brain cancer, aged 68.

!Total||35||13

Plymouth Argyle

Ipswich Town

Individual


Reculver

Reculver is a small coastal town in Kent, South East England near Herne Bay and a few miles north of Canterbury. Its main features are the ruins of a Roman fort, a ruined medieval church which is constantly threatened by coastal erosion.

Whitstable

Whiststable is a small seaside town in Kent, southeast England. It is a few miles north of Canterbury, near Herne Bay. The town is famous for its oysters which have been collected there since the Roman period.

Herne, Kent

Herne is a small historical village, near Herne Bay in Kent, South East England.

The hamlet of Bullockstone is about one mile to the west.

Pier

A pier is a raised walkway across water. It can be a simple light wooden structure which has no effect on the current and tides, or a major structure with buildings and as long as a mile out to sea. In the United States, these may be referred to as docks. A pier can be made of wood, concrete, or other materials.

CM Punk

Phillip Jack Brooks (born on October 26, 1978), better known by his ring name CM Punk, is an American professional wrestler, actor and retired mixed martial artist. He is currently signed with the WWE and works on their Raw brand. He became known for his time in Ring Of Honor from 2002 to 2006, his first run with the WWE, where he worked for them from 2005 until his abrupt walk-out from the company on January 27, 2014, and his time in All Elite Wrestling from 2021 to 2023. 

In WWE he is credited as being "one of the longest-reigning WWE Champions of the modern era" and held the championship for 434 days. He is also recognized as the seventh-longest reigning champion of all time. He was also a one-time ECW Champion, three-time World Heavyweight Champion, two-time WWE Champion, one-time World Tag Team Champion with Kofi Kingston, one-time Intercontinental Champion, Mr. Money in the Bank in 2008 and 2009 (the only wrestler to win the match twice), and won the Slammy Award for Superstar of the Year in 2011.

After he retired from professional wrestling, Punk signed a deal to fight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), and he began to pursue a career in mixed martial arts. He fought for them from 2015 to 2018. He returned to professional wrestling in 2021 by signing with All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he won the AEW World Championship twice, but was fired in September 2023 after backstage controversies. He returned to WWE two months later at Survivor Series.

As an actor, Punk starred in the horror films "Girl on the Third Floor", "Rabid" (both 2019), and "Jakob's Wife" (2021). He also had role in the wrestling drama series "Heels" (2021–2023). Punk also appears as a part-time color commentator for Cage Fury Fighting Championships. Punk is Straight edge and is an atheist.

Brooks started out wrestling in a backyard wrestling federation called the Lunatic Wrestling Federation along with his friends and his brother Mike Brooks in the mid-late 1990s and used the ring name CM Punk as a member of the Chick Magnets with his tag team partner CM Venom after another wrestler had skipped out on the card. He actually wanted to become a professional wrestler unlike his friends and thought of it more than just simple fun. Punk distanced himself from his brother Mike and has not spoke to him since after he found out that Mike was stealing thousands of dollars from the company.

He left LWF to be trained to become a professional wrestler by Ace Steel, Danny Dominion and Kevin Quinn at the "Steel Dominion" wrestling school in Chicago. He also competed at Steel Domain Wrestling in St. Paul, Minnesota and met Scott Colton, later known by the ring name Colt Cabana. Punk and Colton would later become best friends.

Punk began competing for the promotion Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South. He won the IWA Mid-South Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and the IWA Mid-South Heavyweight Championship five time, defeating the likes of A.J. Styles, Colt Cabana and Eddie Guerrero. He feuded with wrestlers like Colt Cabana and Chris Hero. During his feud with Hero, they competed in a 55-minute TLC match, a 93-minute two out of three falls match, and many 60-minute time limit draws. During the feud with Cabana, Punk wrestled him in many different matches. The matches he had with Cabana would lead Punk to being hired by Ring of Honor. He chose not to compete for Mid-South anymore from February 2003 until May 2004 because he said that he was protesting the mistreatment of Chris Hero from Ian Rotten. Punk returned to the company and performed as both a wrestler and commentator. He stayed with the company until 2005 when he was signed by the World Wrestling Entertainment. His last match in the company was against Delirious which ended in a 60-minute time limit draw

On August 1, 2003, Punk joined the Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE for the final day of their 2003 Fire Festival at Korakuen Hall. At the event, Punk teamed with C.W. Anderson, Josh Daniels, and Vansack Acid in losing effort against the team of Ikuto Hidaka, Jun Kasai, Naohiro Hoshikawa, and Tatsuhito Takaiwa.

In 2002, Punk joined Ring of Honor. He feuded with Raven and their feud was considered to be one of the best feuds of ROH in 2003. The feud was based around Punk's straight-edge lifestyle and him comparing Raven to his alcoholic father. Their feud ended when Punk defeated Raven in a steel cage match at "The Conclusion". During that time, Punk joined NWA Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and was a member of Raven's stable, The Gathering along with Julio Dinero.

Punk would begin to climb the ranks in ROH. He was able to come in second at the "Second Anniversary Show" during the tournament to crown the first ROH Pure Champion, losing to A.J. Styles in the finals. He also was able to win the ROH Tag Team Championship twice with Colt Cabana as a member of the Second City Saints. Both of their championship wins were against the Briscoe Brothers who they defeated. Around October 2003, Punk was hired to become the first head trainer at the Ring of Honor wrestling school.

On February 25, 2004, before a TNA show, Punk was involved in a physical fight with Teddy Hart outside of a restaurant which was broken up by Sabu. The scuffle was reportedly because of an ROH show where Hart performed three unplanned spots which put many other wrestlers in danger of injury. Around the time of the fight, Punk and Dinero had stopped showing up on TNA shows,which lead to speculation that he was fired because of the incident. Punk would say that the scuffle had nothing to do with his TNA career. He said that the reason he and Dinero had stopped showing up on TNA pay-per-views was because TNA officials believed that they did not connect with the fans as heels. Punk decided to quit TNA in March 2004 during the Rob Feinstein controversy, after he had an argument with the TNA offices over his ability to work for ROH after a TNA order that their contracted wrestlers were no longer allowed to wrestle in ROH.

When Punk returned to ROH, he wrestled ROH World Champion Samoa Joe for the championship in a three match series. The first match between the two was held on June 12, 2004 at "World Title Classic" in Dayton, Ohio. The match would end in a 60-minute time limit draw when neither Punk nor Joe were able to pin or cause the other to submit within the time limit given. The second match was supposed to be held on December 4, 2004 but because of Steve Corino being pulled from a match with Joe by Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE, it was rescheduled to be held on October 11, 2004 for October 16 in Punk's hometown of Chicago. At the event titled "Joe vs. Punk II" on October 16, Punk and Joe fought to another 60-minute time limit draw. "Joe vs. Punk II" became Ring of Honor's best-selling DVD at the time and the match between Punk and Joe was also given a five-star rating by Dave Meltzer's Wrestling Observer Newsletter. The series ended after Joe defeated Punk in their third and final match on December 4, 2004 at "All-Star Extravaganza 2" where there was no time limit.

Punk started in the WWE's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling and debuted on September 8, 2005 in a six-man tag team dark match where he teamed with Nigel McGuinness and Paul Burchill in a losing effort to the team of Deuce Shade, Elijah Burke and Seth Skyfire. On November 9, 2005, Punk defeated Ken Doane to become the OVW Television Champion. Brent Albright was supposed to face Doane but lost his chance when Punk hit him with a steel chair. This led to Punk feuding with Albright. On January 4, 2006, Punk was involved in a Three-Way Dance match with both Doane and Albright. He lost the championship when Punk submitted to Albright's finishing move, the Crowbar. The feud ended on February 1, 2006 when a double turn occurred. Albright turned heel by allowing the Spirit Squad to beat Punk which turned Punk face. During John Cena's WrestleMania 22 entrance, Punk made a small appearance as a gangster and rode on the side of a 1930s era car to the ring.

Matt Cappotelli, the OVW Heavyweight Champion at the time, vacated the championship in February 2006 after he found out that he had a brain tumor. After Cappotelli vacated the title, OVW held a tournament to crown a new champion. Punk was able to reach the finals and faced Brent Albright. Albright defeated Punk in the finals to become the new champion. Punk and Albright feuded again and Punk was able to defeat Albright in a strap match on May 3, 2006 to become the champion. He also became one-half of the Southern Tag Team Champions when he teamed with Seth Skyfire and defeated Shad Gaspard and the Neighborhoodie at a house show on July 28, 2006. They lost the championships to Deuce Shade and "Domino" Cliff Compton on July 28, 2006 and Punk feuded with Skyfire. Skyfire was supposed to face Punk in a match for the OVW Heavyweight Championship but he was attacked before the match by Charles "The Hammer" Evans. Chet Jablonski replaced Skyfire in the match and defeated Punk to win the championship. After Punk lost the championship, he was called up to WWE's main roster full-time.

Punk debuted in the WWE on the ECW brand in a match against Justin Credible on August 01, 2006. He made his televised debut on the July 4 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi". During his debut, he cut a short pre-taped promo where he talked about his straight edge lifestyle. His first televised match was on August 1, 2006 at the Hammerstein Ballroom where he defeated Justin Credible. During his time there, he started a winning streak. He started a feud with Mike Knox over Knox's girlfriend, Kelly Kelly. Punk was able to qualify for the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember after he defeated Knox in their first match. He competed in the Survivor Series match where he teamed with D-Generation X and the Hardy Boyz to defeat Rated-RKO (Edge and Randy Orton), Knox, Johnny Nitrp and Gregory Helms. During the Chamber match, Punk was the first person eliminated by Rob Van Dam.

He then began a feud with Hardcore Holly. On January 9, 2007, Holly was able to snap Punk's six-month unbeaten streak after he defeated him. When his feud with Holly was over, Punk started a feud with Matt Striker. Striker defeated Punk which gave Punk a second loss on his record. Punk defeated Johnny Nitro and earned a chance to compete in the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania 23. Punk didn't win the match though as it was won by Mr. Kennedy.

Punk turned heel by joining the New Breed alliance on the April 10, 2007 "ECW on Sci Fi". He turned face again two weeks later when he kicked the New Breed's leader Elijah Burke in the head and cost them a four on four elimination match. Punk delivered his finishing move, the Go To Sleep, to Burke and sarcastically apologized before he left the ring. Punk would defeat Burke in a singles match at Judgment Day and teamed with The ECW Originals (Tommy Dreamer and The Sandman) to defeat The New Breed (Elijah Burke, Matt Striker and Marcus Cor Von) in a six-man tag team tables match at One Night Stand.

When then-ECW Champion Bobby Lashley was drafted to "Raw", he was stripped of the championship and ECW held a tournament to decide the new champion. Punk defeated Marcus Cor Von on the June 19 episode of "ECW on Sci Fi". Punk was supposed to face Chris Benoit at next but Benoit legitimately no-showed the event after he killed his family and himself. He was replaced by Johnny Nitro and Nitro defeated Punk for the vacant championship.

Punk was able to challenge for the title again at The Great American Bash against Nitro (who changed his ring name to John Morrison at this point) but was again defeated by Morrison. Punk challenged Elijah Burke and Tommy Dreamer in a triple threat match. The match was to determine who the next competitor in Morrison's 15 Minutes of Fame Challenge, in which Punk won. Punk was able to defeat Morrison a week later for an ECW Championship title match at SummerSlam. Morrison defeated Punk at SummerSlam when Morrison used the ropes for a leverage pin.

During the September 1, 2007 (aired September 4) ECW taping, Punk was able to defeat Morrison in a "last chance" title match to win the ECW Championship. Punk successfully defended his championship against Elijah Burke at Unforgiven, Big Daddy V via disqualification at No Mercy, The Miz at Cyber Sunday, John Morrison on the November 6, 2007 episode of "ECW", and in a triple threat match against The Miz and John Morrison at Survivor Series. On the January 22, 2008 episode of ECW, Punk was defeated by Chavo Guerrero for the ECW Championship in a No Disqualification match after Edge ran in and speared Punk. At WrestleMania XXIV, he competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match and defeated Chris Jericho, Montel Vontavious Porter, Shelton Benjamin, John Morrison, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito.

On the June 23, 2008 episode of "Raw", Punk was drafted to the Raw brand during the 2008 WWE Draft. During his first night on "Raw", Batista beat down the World Heavyweight Champion Edge and left him lying in the ring. Punk then ran down the ramp to the ring with referee Mike Chioda. He then cashed in his Money in the Bank contract, hit Edge with the Go to Sleep and pinned him to become the new World Heavyweight Champion. Punk defended the title for the first time later in the night against JBL. Punk was able to hold the championship until Unforgiven on September 7, 2008. Before Punk was able to compete in the Championship Scramble match match, he was attacked by The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase with Manu). Orton ended the attack by punting Punk in the head. This led to Punk being unable to compete in the match and having to forfeit the title. In the match, Punk was replaced by Chris Jericho, who was able to win the match and the title. Punk had a rematch against Jericho eight days later on the September 15 episode of "Raw" but he was unable to regain the title in a steel cage match.

On the October 27, 2008 episode of "Raw", Punk and Kofi Kingston were able to defeat Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase to win the World Tag Team Championship. Punk and Kofi were also members of Team Batista at Survivor Series where they lost to Team Orton. After Survivor Series, Punk entered the number one contender Intercontinental Championship Tournament. Punk was able to defeat Snitsky and John Morrison in the first two rounds. On December 13, 2008, John Morrison and The Miz defeated Punk and Kingston for the World Tag Team Championship at a live event. Punk defeated Rey Mysterio the next day at Armageddon to win the tournament.

On the January 5 episode of "Raw", he received an Intercontinental Championship title match against William Regal. The match ended in a disqualification, when Regal grabbed the referee's shirt. Due to this, Stephanie McMahon gave Punk a rematch the next week. The rematch ended in a disqualification but this time it was Punk that got disqualified. He was awarded another rematch on the January 19 episode of "Raw" but this time it was a No Disqualification match. Punk was able to win the match and the championship. When he won the championship, Punk became the nineteenth Triple Crown Champion. He also became the person to accomplish the Triple Crown in the fastest amount of time, which broke Kevin Nash's old record. On the March 9 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated for the championship by John "Bradshaw" Layfield. Punk was able to win the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXV and became the first person to win the match twice. At the 2009 WWE Draft on April 13, 2009, he was drafted from "Raw" to "SmackDown". He began a feud with Umaga because of Umaga's multiple surprise attacks when Punk was attempting to cash in his Money in the Bank Contract. The feud resulted in a Samoan strap match at Extreme Rules. The match was won by Punk.

When the pay-per-view was about to end, Punk ran down to the ring, cashed in his Money in the Bank contract and defeated Jeff Hardy to win the World Heavyweight Championship. On the June 15 episode of "Raw", Punk defended his championship in a Triple Threat match against Edge and Hardy. At The Bash, Punk lost to Hardy by disqualification when Punk kicked the referee after he was affected with a storyline eye injury and claimed that he could not see the referee, but because the titles do not change hands from disqualification, Punk retained the championship. When Hardy believed that Punk was faking his eye injury, he called him out on it. This led Punk to turn heel and said that he was the moral superior to fans of Hardy because of his drug-free lifestyle. Punk lost the championship to Hardy at Night of Champions. Punk and Hardy had a TLC match at SummerSlam where Punk won the championship back. After the match, Punk was attacked by The Undertaker. Punk's feud with Hardy ended on the August 28 episode of "Friday Night SmackDown" when Punk defeated Hardy in a steel cage match where the loser of the match would have to leave the company. The match earned a Slammy Award for "Shocker of the Year" in 2009.

At Breaking Point in Montreal, Punk competed in a submission match against The Undertaker. Punk defeated The Undertaker in the match to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. The Undertaker originally won the match with his Hell's Gate submission hold. The SmackDown general manager Theodore Long restarted the match after announcing that the ban that the former general manager Vickie Guerrero set on his move was still in effect. Punk won the match with the Anaconda Vise when the referee Scott Armstrong called for the bell even though the Undertaker did not submit (similar to the Montreal Screwjob which happened in the same arena in 1997). Punk was defeated by The Undertaker in a Hell in a Cell match for the World Heavyweight Championship at Hell in a Cell. Punk had a rematch against The Undertaker on "Smackdown" and had another rematch at Bragging Rights in a Fatal Four Way match which also involved Batista and Rey Mysterio but he lost both matches.

He changed his character in a more menacing direction on the November 27 episode of "SmackDown", when he revealed that he had converted Luke Gallows, who had the former gimmick of the mentally incompetent wrestler Festus, to the straight-edge lifestyle which had got rid of his mental problems. He continued to support his straight-edge philosophy, he began to present himself as a cult-like savior to the crowd. He also grew out the hair on his head, face and chest in an allusion to Jesus. Through the month of January, he began to convert planted members of the audience to the straight-edge lifestyle by making them take a pledge of allegiance to him and then shaving their head as a sign of renewal and devotion. After he converted multiple people who were not seen again, one of the converts Serena began accompanying Punk and Gallows and they later formed the Straight Edge Society. While leading the stable, he was also the mentor of "WWE NXT" rookie Darren Young. At one point, Young was going to join the Straight Edge Society but he chose not to join before he was about to have his head shaved.

Punk would occasionally give sermons and even gave sermon while competing in both the Royal Rumble and Elimination Chamber matches. During the Chamber match, Punk was eliminated by Rey Mysterio, who he was feuding with going into the PPV. This raised tensions between the two as Mysterio prevented him from winning a Money in the Bank qualifying match which then lead to Punk interrupting Mysterio's celebration of his daughter's ninth birthday and singing his own version of "Happy Birthday to You" to her. Mysterio challenged Punk to a Street Fight at WrestleMania XXVI but he lost to Gallows. A stipulation was added by Punk that if Mysterio lost, he would have to join the Society. Mysterio defeated Punk at WrestleMania and a rematch took place at Extreme Rules where if Punk lost, he would have to have his head shaved like his disciples. Punk was able to win the match after outside interference from a fourth member of the Society who kept his face covered. A third and final match was held at Over The Limit with both of the previous stipulations put on. At the event, Punk was defeated by Mysterio and had his head shaved bald.

Punk felt embarrassed by having his head shaved and he considered himself to be always pure unlike his followers, Punk appeared under a mask to cover his bald head on the May 29 episode of "SmackDown". At Fatal 4-Way, Punk challenged for the World Heavyweight Championship against Mysterio, The Big Show and the champion Jack Swagger but lost when Kane attacked Punk after Kane accused Punk of being the person who attacked The Undertaker. Punk was unmasked by Big Show on the July 16 episode of "SmackDown" while Punk was healing from an arm injury. On the July 23 episode of "SmackDown", Big Show unmasked the fourth member of the Straight Edge Society and it was revealed to be Joey Mercury. This incident led to a handicap match at SummerSlam. In the match, Big Show defeated the Straight Edge Society when Punk abandoned them. Punk was defeated in a singles match against Big Show at Night of Champions. A little while after, Serena was released from her WWE contract after she reportedly did not "live out" her straight edge persona in public. Mercury had also suffered an injury which caused the group to shorten. Gallows showed signs of dissent and Punk defeated Gallows in a match on the September 24 episode of "SmackDown". The ended the group.
Punk was traded back to "Raw" when he was swapped with Edge. Punk competed in an interbrand tag team match at Bragging Rights after he injured Evan Bourne to take his place, but the team lost. It was later reported that Punk had been suffering from a hip injury and he would need to stop competing for a while. To stay on television, Punk appeared and began commentating on "Raw" starting on November 22. During his commentary time, Punk showed favor toward heels and criticized John Cena because of his actions with The Nexus. Punk left commentary after he attacked John Cena with a chair on both "Raw" and "SmackDown". Punk revealed that he had joined The Nexus and this was the reason that he had attacked Cena. Punk would command the group to attack Randy Orton and blamed him for Punk's first World Heavyweight Championship reign in 2008 ending. The incident led to a match at WrestleMania XXVII where Orton defeated Punk. They also had a Last Man Standing match with The New Nexus barred from ringside at Extreme Rules which Punk also lost.

Within a week, Punk went on to defeat John Cena on "Raw", Rey Mysterio at Capitol Punishment and Alberto Del Rio in a number one contendership match. Punk would then reveal that his contract with the WWE would expire at Money in the Bank and promised that he would leave the company with the WWE Championship; some of his speeches and mannerisms were very similar to his final months with Ring of Honor. After Punk made a scathing on-air speech about the way that the WWE is run and about its owner Vince McMahon, he was suspended (storyline) from televised WWE events but he was brought back the following week after John Cena insisted. When Punk returned, he didn't appear with the other members of Nexus and the stable was quietly dissolved. This helped Punk turn back into a fan-favorite. Punk would go on to defeat John Cena at Money in the Bank to become the WWE Champion during his final night under a WWE contract.

On July 21, he made a surprise appearance at a joint WWE-Mattel panel at the San Diego Comic Con. During his appearance, Punk mocked the Chief Operating Officer Triple H and also offered a match to the WWE Championship tournament finalist Rey Mysterio as long as the match took place in Punk's hometown of Chicago. The WWE Championship tournament was won by Mysterio on the July 25 episode of "Raw" but he lost to Cena later in the night. When Cena won, Punk returned to upstage Cena's WWE Championship victory celebration which lead to a title dispute. Triple H later supported the fact that both Punk and Cena's claims as the WWE Championship as legitimate and he scheduled a match between the two at SummerSlam to decide who would become the undisputed WWE Champion. At SummerSlam, Punk was able to win the match but he lost the championship shortly after when Kevin Nash attacked Punk and Alberto Del Rio cashed in his Money in the Bank contract. On "Raw" the next night, Punk accused Nash of working with Triple H to try and keep Punk away from the WWE Championship. After many confrontations between the two, Punk and Nash demanded that they face each other at Night of Champions and Triple H agreed. Triple H would later change the match and would book himself to replace Nash instead after Punk continued to verbally attack him and his wife Stephanie McMahon.

Punk was defeated by Triple H in a No Disqualification match after The Miz, and R-Truth attacked both of them. At Hell in a Cell, Punk competed in a Triple threat Hell in a Cell match against Alberto Del Rio and John Cena but he was defeated. After the match, Punk was again attacked by The Miz and R-Truth. At Vengeance, Punk teamed up with Triple H in a match against The Miz and R-Truth but they lost after Nash attacked Triple H. The loss helped switch Punk's anti-establishment voice from Triple H over to John Laurinaitis, who became the interim Raw general manager. Punk didn't like the promotion that Laurinaitis received and called him a boring yes man.

On October 31, Punk forced his way into a match against Del Rio at Survivor Series. In the match, Punk defeated Del Rio to win back the WWE Championship. He defended the championship throughout the year, defeating Del Rio in a rematch on the November 28 episode of "Raw" as well as defeating both Del Rio and The Miz in a triple threat TLC match at . On the December 26 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated in a gauntlet match by Dolph Ziggler which made Ziggler become the number one contender for the WWE Championship. If Punk was able to win the gauntlet match, he would have earned the right to face Laurinaitis in a match. On the January 2 episode of "Raw", Punk was defeated by Ziggler via countout after Laurinaitis interfered in the match. Throughout January, Laurinaitis would continue to mess up Punk's matches and cause him to lose to Ziggler. This eventually led to Punk attacking Laurinaitis. Punk defeated Ziggler in a match at Royal Rumble to retain his championship even with Laurinaitis acting as the outside enforcer.

On the January 30 episode of "Raw", entered a feud with Chris Jericho after Jericho attacked Punk and Daniel Bryan during their Champion vs. Champion match which helped Bryan gain the win. On the February 6 episode of "Raw", Jericho explained why he attacked Punk, saying that the WWE roster were imitations of himself and he singled out Punk for claiming that he was the best in the world, a moniker that Jericho had used during the last time that he was in WWE. Punk competed in an Elimination Chamber match at Elimination Chamber. The match also featured Jericho who Punk kicked out of the chamber and suffered a short lasting injury. Punk was able to win the match and retain his championship. On the February 20 episode of "Raw", Jericho won a 10-Man No. 1 Contender's Battle Royal and earned a match against Punk for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. To try and gain a psychological edge, Jericho revealed that Punk's father was an alcoholic and also alleged that Punk's sister was a drug addict. Jericho said that Punk's straight edge philosophy was so that he would not end up falling into the same vices and promised that he would make Punk turn to alcohol by defeating him and winning the championship from him. A stipulation was added to the match by John Laurinaitis that if Punk was disqualified, he would have lost the championship. Jericho would then try to get Punk to use a weapon which Punk refused to do. Punk was able to defeat Jericho and retain his championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. On both the April 2 and 9 episodes of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to retain his championship against Mark Henry after he lost to him via count-out and disqualification. After both of the matches, Jericho would attack Punk and pour alcohol on him. On the April 16 episode of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to pin Henry in a no disqualification, no countout match to retain his title. The feud ended at Extreme Rules when Punk was able to retain his championship by defeating Jericho in a Chicago Street Fight.

Punk would go to feud with Daniel Bryan starting at Over the Limit when Punk was able to retain his championship after he reversed Bryan's finishing submission hold, the "Yes!" Lock, into a pinning combination. The replay, however, would show that Punk had visibly tapped out moments after the match finished. On the "SmackDown" before the pay-per-view, Bryan would interfere in the non-title match between Punk and Kane to attempt to frame Punk for attacking Kane with a steel chair, which started a three-way rivalry. On the June 1 episode of "SmackDown", a match between Punk and Kane took place for the WWE Championship but it ended in a double disqualification after Bryan ran in and attacked both men. Bryan's ex-girlfriend AJ would turn her affections towards both Punk and Kane. The feud ended when Punk was able to defeat Bryan and Kane in a triple threat match at No Way Out after AJ distracted Kane. Punk was able to defeat Bryan to retain the championship in a No Disqualification match with AJ as the special guest referee at Money in the Bank.

On July 23 episode of "Raw" named "Raw 1000", Punk faced the Money in the Bank winner John Cena and was able to defend his WWE championship but lost the match after Big Show interfered and attack Cena. After the night's special guest The Rock tried to help Cena, Punk would attack him and turn heel. On the next "Raw", Punk would explain that he attacked The Rock because he was tired of being overshadowed by people like Cena and Rock when the main focus of the company should be on the WWE Champion. Punk would attack both Cena and Big Show during their number one contender's match later on in the night. As a result of this, both Cena and Show were put into a title match against Punk at SummerSlam. At SummerSlam, Punk successfully defended his championship against them in a triple threat match. During the following weeks, Punk would demand respect from people like AJ Lee, Jerry Lawler and Bret Hart. He would eventually be managed by Paul Heyman during Punk's feud with Cena. Punk would face Cena to a draw at Night of Champions. Even though Cena was suffering from an arm injury, they continued to feud. Punk would reject Mick Foley and Jim Ross to pick him as his Hell in a Cell opponent and lead to Punk fighting with WWE chairman Vince McMahon. After Cena's injury made him unable to wrestle at Hell in a Cell, he was replaced by Ryback. At Hell in a Cell, Punk was able to defeat Ryback and retain his championship after referee Brad Maddox hit Ryback with a low-blow.

On "Raw" the next night, an angry Mick Foley confronted Punk for not picking John Cena as his Hell in a Cell opponent. Foley and Punk then agreed to face each other in the traditional five-on-five elimination tag team at Survivor Series. Punk would chose Alberto Del Rio, Cody Rhodes, Damien Sandow, and The Miz to be on his team but Punk was later replaced as team captain by Dolph Ziggler after Mr. McMahon booked him in a Triple Threat WWE Championship match against John Cena and Ryback instead. At the pay-per-view, Punk defeated Cena and Ryback after interference from the debuting stable called The Shield (Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins, and Roman Reigns) which allowed him to retain his WWE Championship. He would hold the championship for a full year. On December 4, Punk underwent surgery for a partially torn meniscus which removed him from his title match against Ryback at . Even though Punk was injured, he became the longest reigning WWE Champion in the past 25 years on December 5, after he reached 381 days which passed John Cena's 380-day reign. Punk returned to in-ring action on the January 7, 2013 episode of "Raw" where he defeated Ryback in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, following interference from The Shield to retain his championship.

Punk defended his WWE Championship against The Rock at the Royal Rumble on January 27, 2013. A stipulation was added to the match where if The Shield interfered, then Punk would be stripped of the title. Punk had originally pinned The Rock to retain his championship after The Shield attacked and put The Rock through a table while the arena lights were out. Vince McMahon came out to the entrance ramp and started to announce that Punk would be stripped of the championship, but he instead restarted the match at The Rock's request. Punk ended up losing the match, ending his record-setting reign at 434 days. Punk would receive a rematch for the championship on February 17 at the Elimination Chamber, with the stipulation that if The Rock was disqualified or counted out, he would lose the WWE Championship. Rock was able to pin and defeat Punk in the match to retain the championship. On the February 25 episode of "Raw", Punk faced off against Royal Rumble winner John Cena for his number one contendership to the WWE Championship, but was defeated.

On January 26, 2014, Punk was the first entrant in the Royal Rumble match. After he was able to last in the match until the final four, Kane, who was already eliminated earlier in by Punk, eliminated Punk from the outside and then chokeslammed him through the announcer's table.

The night after the Royal Rumble, Punk did not show up "Raw" or on the "SmackDown" tapings on Tuesday in Toledo, Ohio even though he was advertised. It was reported by the Wrestling Observer that, on Monday before Raw, Punk legitimately walked out of the company after he told both Vince McMahon and Triple H that he was "going home". On February 20, McMahon said that Punk was "taking a sabbatical" during a conference call to investors. After weeks of hearing the crowd chant for CM Punk at various WWE events, the company decided to make its first comments on the status of Punk on the March 3, 2014 episode of "Raw" in Punk's hometown of Chicago. When the show started, they played Punk's entrance music "Cult of Personality" and his old manager Paul Heyman came out instead. Heyman said that Punk was not at "Raw" and blamed the crowd. He also blamed the Undertaker for Punk's split from Heyman. On July 15, 2014, WWE moved Punk's profile from the active roster to their alumni page without them releasing a statement. On the same day, Punk thanked his fans without mentioning WWE on Twitter. In late July, Punk said that he was "never ever" going to return to wrestling.

On November 26, 2014, Punk appeared on his friend Colt Cabana's "Art of Wrestling" podcast. During the podcast, Punk decided to break his silence on his decision on leaving the WWE. Punk said the WWE had suspended him for two months after he walked out in January, and that he was fired by the company months later on his wedding day in June 2014. He said that them firing him on his wedding day was the last straw and he said that he would never return to the WWE. He also said that after a legal settlement with WWE, there would not be a further working relationship between them. The settlement that was reached included Punk giving the company permission to sell the rest of his remaining merchandise. Punk said that the main reason he left the WWE was because of his health problems. Punk said that during his last months with the company, he was working through an untreated and possibly fatal MRSA infection, broken ribs, injured knees, multiple concussions which included one at the Royal Rumble when Kofi Kingston kicked him, as well as having lost his appetite and ability to sleep well. He felt that the company had been pressuring and rushing him to wrestle before he was fully healed. Punk also noted that he was unhappy with his failure to main event a WrestleMania (saying that his entire career was a failure as a result), him being paid less than the other top wrestlers on the card for WrestleMania 29, being "creatively stifled" and him having the feeling that there were no long-term plans for wrestlers other than John Cena, as well as receiving smaller paychecks and not getting answers as to how the WWE Network would effect the salaries of the wrestlers. Punk ended with saying that he has "zero passion" left for wrestling.

Not even a week later, Vince McMahon appeared on Stone Cold Steve Austin's podcast "The Steve Austin Show". During the podcast, Stone Cold asked McMahon if he wanted to speak about CM Punk. McMahon apologized to Punk for the way that his firing happened, which he claimed was a "coincidence" while he blaming the lack of communication in the organization. McMahon also said that he would like to work with Punk again. Punk would appear on Cabana's "Art of Wrestling" podcast again. During the podcast, Punk said that he did not accept McMahon's apology, saying that it was insincere and a "publicity stunt" as McMahon had not contacted him directly to apologize and that he could have apologized earlier.

CM Punk debuted for All Elite Wrestling on August 20, 2021 at AEW Rampage: The First Dance, after seven years away from professional wrestling. He made his in ring return September 5th, 2021 against Darby Allin at All Out in Chicago, Illinois. After feuds with Eddie Kingston and Maxwell Jacob Friedman (MJF), Punk would go on to win the AEW World Championship from Adam Page at Double or Nothing on May 29, 2022. He lost it to Jon Moxley on August 24 on "Dynamite" but won it back from him on September 4 at All Out. However, after the event, some backstage tension lead to Punk being suspended. He then returned in June 2023 for another run with the company until August 2023 before having another altercation backstage that again, resulting in him being suspended which then eventually lead to his firing. On September 2, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that CM Punk was officially fired from AEW and not long after, rumors about him returning to WWE began emerging.

On November 25, following the closing WarGames match of Survivor Series: War Games, held at Punk’s hometown of Chicago, Illinois, which concluded in a victory by Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Jey Uso, Sami Zayn, and the returning Randy Orton against The Judgment Day (Damian Priest, Finn Bálor, "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio and JD McDonagh) and Drew McIntyre, CM Punk returned to the company after 9 years (excluding his appearances on "WWE Backstage" in 2019/2020 under Fox contract). This was a shock to many, thinking that Punk was not going to show up since it was the last match of the night, along with the fact that CM Punk has publicly criticized WWE’s treatment of him and stating multiple times that he would “never ever” go back to the company. Seth Rollins, however, reacted aggressively towards this, which led to many fans believing that a storyline between him and CM Punk is cooking. After making appearances on "Raw" two nights later, the "Tribute to the Troops" special episode of "SmackDown", and at NXT Deadline, he signed with the Raw brand on the December 11 episode of "Raw". He was subsequently confronted by Rollins, teasing a future match, and officially announced his entry into the 2024 Royal Rumble match. At the event on January 27, Punk entered at number 27 during the Royal Rumble match, his first match on WWE TV since 2014. He was the last man eliminated in the match by winner Cody Rhodes. During the match, Punk injured his right tricep, making him unable to compete at WrestleMania XL, which he confirmed in a promo two days later on "Raw".

On December 6, 2014, during UFC 181, Punk along with Joe Rogan announced that he had signed a multi-fight deal with Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) to fight in either their middleweight or welterweight division. UFC President Dana White said that Punk would most likely debut against another fighter at or near his experience level. His first fight is expected to be sometime in 2016.

CM Punk retired from mixed martial arts in December of 2020, notifying the UFC of his retirement and to withdraw him from the USADA testing pool.

CM Punk is married to AJ Lee. They were married on June 13, 2014. He has previously dated professional wrestlers Shannon Spruill, Tracy Brookshaw, Maria Kanellis, and Amy Dumas.

Punk is a fan of the Chicago Blackhawks and the Chicago Cubs. He wore a Blackhawks jersey and cut a promo during his return to Chicago. He also attended Blackhawks playoff games.

He is a fan of comics which he collects and reads. He wrote the introduction to Marvel Comics' "Avengers vs. X-Men". Punk wrote the Marvel comic "Thor Annual #1", which is set to be released sometime in February 2015.





Charlie Haas

Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II (born March 27, 1972) is an American professional and former amateur wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2000 to 2009 and Ring of Honor (ROH) from 2010 to 2013. In WWE he was a member of Team Angle, which later became a Tag Team duo with Shelton Benjamin known as "The World's Greatest Tag Team". He his a three-time WWE Tag Team Champion and a two-time ROH World Tag Team Champion.


Impossible object

An impossible object is a kind of optical illusion. Impossible objects are also known as undecidable figures. In this kind of illusion, a person looks at a two-dimensional picture. The vision center of the brain does much of its work subconsciously and automatically. It interprets the figure as a three-dimensional object.

The viewer usually knows such an object is impossible soon after looking at the figure. However, the impression of a 3D figure may still remain even when the viewer knows it is impossible in reality.

Some of these figures are more subtle. In these cases it is not obvious that they are impossible right away. The viewer carefully needs to look at the geometry of the object to find out that it is indeed impossible.

"Impossible objects" are of interest to psychologists, mathematicians and artists.

Swedish artist Oscar Reutersvärd was the first person to draw many impossible objects. He has been called "the father of impossible figures". In 1934, he drew the Penrose triangle, some years before the Penroses. The way Reutersvärd drew it, the sides of the triangle are broken up into cubes.

In 1956, British psychiatrist Lionel Penrose and his son, mathematician Roger Penrose, submitted a short article to the British Journal of Psychology titled "Impossible objects: a special type of visual illusion". This was illustrated with the Penrose Triangle and Penrose stairs. The article referenced Escher, whose work had sparked their interest in the subject, but not Reutersvärd, whom they were unaware of. The article was only published in 1958.

From the 1930s onwards Dutch artist M.C. Escher produced many drawings with paradoxes of perspective. In 1957 he produced his first drawing containing a true impossible object: "Cube with Magic Ribbons". He produced many other drawings of impossible objects, sometimes with the entire drawing being an undecidable figure. His work did much to draw the attention of the public to impossible objects. Some artists of the time are also experimenting with impossible figures, for example, Jos de Mey, Shigeo Fukuda, Sandro del Prete, István Orosz (Utisz), Guido Moretti, Tamás F. Farkas and Mathieu Hamaekers.





Van Halen

Van Halen was a hard rock group from Pasadena, California. They were formed in 1972. Guitarist Eddie Van Halen's style of playing changed the guitar world. He used lots of new techniques such as shredding and tapping. They made history with their first self-titled debut album in 1978, producing 4 major hits. The band released twelve studio albums, which have sold 80 million records worldwide.

Eddie Van Halen died on October 6, 2020, from cancer. His son, bass guitarist Wolfgang Van Halen, confirmed that the band had broken up.

Van Halen's influences include Cream, Alice Cooper, Black Oak Arkansas, Deep Purple, Grand Funk Railroad, Jimi Hendrix, The Kinks, Vanilla Fudge, AC/DC, Frank Zappa, Kiss, Queen, Led Zeppelin, Bad Company, Black Sabbath, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, The Dave Clark Five, The Who, ZZ Top, Aerosmith, Golden Earring and Montrose.

Alliance for the Future of Austria

The Alliance for the Future of Austria (, shortenend to BZÖ) is a political party in Austria that was led by Jörg Haider until he died in October 2008. The current leader is Josef Bucher.

The BZÖ describes itself as "ideologiefrei, aber zukunftsorientiert und wertebewusst" (free from ideology, but forward-looking and conscious of traditional values). Some of its policies, however, are quite different from those of the Freedom Party.
They include:

Although the party was often designated as a far-right like the Freedom Party, the Alliance for the Future of Austria differs somewhat. Justic Minister Karin Gastinger a former party member of the Alliance for the Future of Austria, wanted gay and lesbian couples to be able to sign a registry and get rights to partners' estates and medical care as she told the Austrian Press Agency in 2005.

FPÖ and BZÖ are both Eurosceptic parties and in the 2006 general election, the Freedom Party as well as the Alliance for the Future of Austria both claimed they would decrease immigration and opposed Turkish membership in the European Union.

In the Austrian legislative election 2008 campaign, the ÖVP saw the lowering of brokerage commissions and the charges for arrears letters of debt collection agencies and winter fuel payments for lower-income households as appropriate economic recovery measures and the Greens sought to facilitate the changeover to renewable energy in order to reduce energy prices.

The SPÖ proposes a stricter controlling of prices in addition to the reduction of brokerage commissions. Both the Alliance for the Future of Austria and the Freedom Party see the main problem in the rising fuel prices; the FPÖ demands a ceiling price for fuel, while the BZÖ in addition wants to reduce taxes on fuels.
However the Alliace for the Future of Austria even announced the people's initiative "Preisstop jetzt!" calling for a stop to rising prices to be held; however, due to the necessary timeframe, the period during which people will be able to sign for the initiative will only start after the election, thus limiting its potential impact.

SPÖ, ÖVP and the Greens ratified the Treaty of Lisbon in parliament without a referendum, and only FPÖ and the Alliance for the Future of Austria did not sign. But afterwards the SPÖ stated that for future treaties of the European Union referendums should be held to let the people decide like in Ireland (where they had a referendum). Due to SPÖ's position change on the EU not only the two opposition parties are using the possibility of EU-referendums before a ratification as subject now. The ÖVP and the Greens are against any referendums on the Lisbon Treaty, SPÖ demands there should be referendums on future treaties of the European Union, the FPÖ is for a referendum for the Lisbon Treaty, and even want a referendum for EU-Withdrawal. However the BZÖ differs a bit in comparison to the Freedom Party, as they are for a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty but not, for an EU-Withdrawal.

Due to help of the former FPÖ and till then BZÖ party-leader and Carinthian LH (LH stands for "Landeshauptmann", simply like Gov. for Governor) Dr. Jörg Haider the party achieved 10.7% in the 2008 elections and gained 21 representatives, so that the BZÖ is currently the 4th strongest Party in the Austrian Parliament just after SPÖ,ÖVP and FPÖ
and before "Die Grünen" (the Greens).

It currently holds 16 seats.
On 2 May 2010 the party became a new programm, and the rectlange orange colored logo was first used on the annual hold new year's convention, which took place in Velden in Carinthia of the year 2011.

In December 2009 the Carinthian BZÖ branch which was Haiders stronghold lost about 5000 members and the governor of Carinthia (although the party won the state election in 2009)to the split of party FPK (The Freedomites in Carinthia).
It now has 800 party members and 4 MPs (Members of parliament) in Carinthia.
Also a new website for the BZÖ Kärnten was set up and is available prior too March 2012.

However opinion polls (polling between 2 and 23 per cent) have shown good chances for a return of the Carinthian branch of the Alliance for the Future of Austria into Carinthian State Diet.
In 2011 the party began an autumn posting campaign and quoted the bible "Denn sie wissen nicht was sie tun.",
eng.: "They know not what they do!" (Lukas 23,34),
for criticising SPÖ, ÖVP and the EU "bosses".
This caused a little scandal whether politics and religion should be separated or not.
In total the party has 8000 members therefore having more than the Greens and less than the Freedom Party.

Idealism

Idealism is the philosophy that believes the ultimate nature of reality is ideal, or based upon ideas, values, or essences. The external, or real world cannot be separated from consciousness, perception, mind, intellect and reason in the sense of science. The word comes from the Greek word ἰδέα. 

In some doctrines of idealistic thought "the ideal" relates to direct and immediate knowledge of subjective mental ideas, or images. 

Empiricism

In philosophy, empiricism is a theory that states that all knowledge comes from experience. 

'Experience' is sometimes translated as 'sense data', i.e. we cannot know anything except by information which comes through our senses.

The British philosophers John Locke, George Berkeley and David Hume, clarified some of its basic ideas in the 17th and 18th century, building on the ideas of classical philosopher Aristotle. 

Empiricism is one of several competing views about how we know things, part of the branch of philosophy called epistemology, or "study of knowledge". Materialism and physicalism share some of attitudes of empiricism.


Stoicism

Stoicism was a school of Hellenistic philosophy. It was founded in Athens by Zeno of Citium in the early third century BC. It concerns the active relationship between cosmic determinism and human freedom. This philosophy claims that it is virtuous to maintain a will (a determination, "prohairesis") which is in accord with nature. 

Stoic doctrine was popular in Greece and the Roman Empire from its founding until all the schools of philosophy were ordered closed in 529 AD by the Emperor Justinian I, who thought their pagan character was at odds with his Christian faith.


William Godwin

William Godwin (3 March 1756 – 7 April 1836) was an English journalist, political philosopher and novelist. He is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism, and one of the first modern proponents of philosophical anarchism. Godwin is famous for two books that he published within the space of a year: "An Enquiry Concerning Political Justice", an attack on political institutions, and "Things as They Are or The Adventures of Caleb Williams", which attacks aristocratic privilege, but also is virtually the first mystery novel. He was also married to Mary Wollstonecraft, with whom he had two children.


Rose garden

A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park, often open to the public, in which roses are grown. While some rose gardens have only a decorative purpose, most of them are used to present and grow various types of roses.

The first known rose garden was planted by French empress Joséphine de Beauharnais in Malmaison. When she died, in 1814, the garden had around 250 types of garden roses. Another old rose garden is the Rosenhöhe Park in Darmstadt, Germany created in 1810 by Princess Wilhelmine of Baden

Growing roses for commercial purposes started in the 19th century. The important rose gardens created for commercial rose breeding were:



Peter Kropotkin

Prince Peter (Pyotr) Alexeyevich Kropotkin () (9 December 1842 - 8 February 1921) was a Russian anarchist, philosopher, revolutionary, scientist, geographer, and one of the first advocates of anarcho-communism.
Kropotkin was born on December 9, 1842 in Moscow, Russia. His father, Aleksey Petrovich Kropotkin was a prince of the Rurik Dynasty. His father owned large amounts of land and over 1000 serfs. His mother, Yekaterina Nikolaevna Sulima was the daughter of a Cossack general. In 1846, Kropotkin's mother died of tuberculosis. Two years after, Kropotkin's father married a woman named Yelizaveta Mar'kovna Korandino.




Anarcho-communism

Anarcho-communism, also known as anarchist communism, is the belief that hierarchies, money, and social classes should not exist, and that the means of production should be held in common by society. Anarcho-communists support direct democracy and a network of voluntary associations, workers' councils, decentralized economic planning and a gift economy in which everyone will be free to satisfy their needs.

Some well-known anarcho-communist writers are Peter Kropotkin, Ricardo Flores Magón and Nestor Makhno. Anarcho-communism is opposed to the more authoritarian forms of communism advocated by Leninists and Maoists. These groups have violently clashed in Russia, Korea and Spain over their beliefs. Some examples of anarcho-communism in practice include the Makhnovshchina, Shinmin Autonomous Region, and the Revolutionary Spain.

sedam
Johann Baptist Martinelli

Johann Baptist Martinelli (February 8, 1701, Vienna - June 21, 1754, Vienna) was an Austrian architect and constructor of Italian descent.

He was the son of architect Franz Martinelli. In cooperation with his brother Anton Erhard Martinelli, he designed the plans of several baroque church in the Habsburg empire, among which the church in Grossweikersdorf and the Holy Trinity Cathedral in Blaj. He also designed several mansions among which the one in Dolná Krupá.

Agorism

Agorism is a free-market anarchist political philosophy founded by Samuel Edward Konkin III that believes the ultimate goal as bringing about a society in which all "relations between people are voluntary exchanges– a free market." The term comes from the Greek word "agora," referring to an open place for assembly and market in ancient Greek city-states. Agorist theory divides people into two classes: people who make their living through the market, and people who make their living by coercing others (called the "economic class" and "political class", respectively). They support a nonviolent overthrow of the second class by the first, through peaceful black market and grey market activity, known as counter-economics.

Anton Pius Riegel

Anton Pius Riegel (1789-?) was an Austrian architect of the 19th century. He is known for his design of the György Károlyi palace in Budapest Hungary (now housing the Hungarian Museum of Literature) and the mansion of Dolná Krupá in Slovakia.


Hesperomannia arbuscula

The Maui Hesperomannia (Hesperomannia arbuscula) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
It is found only in the United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical wet low lying land forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland (an area with mostly bushes and few trees).
It is in danger due to the loss of its natural area of habitat.


Eureka Tower

Eureka Tower is a 297.3 metre (975 foot) tall skyscraper in Melbourne, Australia and is the tallest building in Australia when measured to its roof. Q1, on the Gold Coast, Queensland is the tallest building in Australia because it has a spire that makes its total height 322.5 metres. Eureka Tower has 91 storeys and one floor underground.

Construction of the tower started in 2002 and opened on 11 October 2006. Grocon did the construction.

The top 10 floors of the building have windows coated in gold plating and golden toilets. The viewing deck on floor 88 is the tallest public observation deck in the Southern Hemisphere. It is 285 metres (935 feet) above the ground and people have a large view of the city of Melbourne.


Tay Zonday

Adam Nyerere Bahner (born May 21, 1982), often called by the pseudonym Tay Zonday, is an American keyboardist. His song "Chocolate Rain", and its YouTube video, became a popular Internet meme in July 2007. He has won YouTube Awards and Webby Awards.


Antoine Dufour

Antoine Dufour is a French-Canadian guitarist. Dufour is famous for his fingerstyle guitar playing. Until now Dufour has made 3 studio albums, "Naissance", "Development" and "Existence". He has a strong fanbase because of his YouTube videos.

Dufour started playing guitar at the age of fifteen. Later he studied at the CEGEP, where he first listened to fingerstyle music. 2005 he became second and 2006 first place in the Canadian Guitar Festival's Fingerstyle Guitar Championship. Also he became third in the International Finger Style Guitar Championship in Winfield, Kansas.

Dufour also works as a guitar tutor, giving lessons through Skype.




Vheissu

Vheissu is an album by experimental band Thrice. It was released in 2005. The album introduced a new sound to the bands post-hardcore roots. It also used many new elements from music boxes to chain gangs and has much softer, dreamy songs such as "Atlantic"

The songs on "Vheissu" use many biblical themes but Thrice does not think of themselves as a Christian band. Some of the statements from the album which are clearly from the bible include:


The album artwork was created by author Dave Eggers and artist Brian McMullen. It includes pictures of various things and quotes lyrics from different Thrice songs found on the album.


The Artist in the Ambulance

The Artist in the Ambulance is the third album by the post-hardcore band Thrice. It was released on July 22 2003.

Like previous Thrice albums, some of the money made from selling "The Artist in the Ambulance" was given to a charity. The album's booklet features individual cards that have lyrics from Thrice songs, notes, photographs and comments from the band members and the producer.

"Stare at the Sun" is a main single from the album.


Chuck Palumbo

Charles Ronald "Chuck" Palumbo (born June 15, 1971) is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). Palumbo is a former WCW and WWF/E World Tag Team Champion. He hosted the Discovery Channel series "Lords of the Car Hoards" and "Rusted Development".



Vince J. McMahon

Vincent James McMahon (better known as Vince McMahon, Sr., (July 6, 1914 –May 24, 1984) was a U.S. professional wrestling promoter. He is best known for founding the American promotion, World Wrestling Entertainment, of which his son, Vincent Kennedy McMahon, is now the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

René Adler

René Adler (born January 15, 1985 in Leipzig) is a German footballer. He plays on the position of a goalkeeper for Bayer Leverkusen. Leverkusen is a city in Germany. The club Bayer Leverkusen plays in the Bundesliga, the first football league in Germany.

On October 11, 2008, Adler made his first match in the German national team against Russia (2-1).

Kreator

Kreator is a German thrash metal band from Essen. They formed in 1982 as "Tormentor" and are counted to the big three German thrash metal bands together with Sodom and Destruction.



Gojira

Gojira is a death metal/thrash metal band from Bayonne, France. They formed in 1996 and were called "Godzilla" until 2001. Gojira is known for its lyrics about the environment, which is very unusual for a death metal band.





Colin Barnett

Colin James Barnett (born 15 July 1950) was the 29th Premier of Western Australia. He was Premier from 23 September 2008 until 17 March 2017. He is from the Liberal Party.

Nathan Rees

Nathan Rees (born 12 February 1968) was the 41st Premier of New South Wales. He was premier from 5 September 2008 until 4 December 2009. He is from the Labor Party.

Anna Bligh

Anna Maria Bligh (born 14 July 1960) is an Australian politician who was the 37th Premier of Queensland from 13 September 2007 to 24 March 2012. She is from the Labor Party. She is the first female to be Premier of Queensland. On 16 August 2012 it was announced that Bligh was moving with her husband Greg Withers and the rest of her family to Sydney. 

Anna was born at Warwick, Queensland. She is a descendant of Captain William Bligh. She grew up on the Gold Coast in south east Queensland. She was educated at several Catholic primary schools. Her secondary schooling was at Miami State High School. She completed the last six months of her schooling at Nowra State High School. She studied for an Arts degree from the University of Queensland which she finished in 1980. Anna Bligh worked for many community organisations and the Queensland Public Service. She worked in the area of employment, training and industrial relations policy. She was elected to the Queensland Parliament on 15 July 1995 and retired on 30 March 2012 following her defeat as Queensland Premier.

She was made the Minister for Families, Youth and Community Care and Disability Services in the Beattie Labor Government in June 1998. Ann was Queensland's first female Education Minister. She later became minister for Finance, State Development, Trade and Innovation. In 1995 she was made Deputy Premier of Queensland, and also was the Treasurer and Minister of Infrastructure with a budget of $33 billion. 

Mike Rann

Michael David Rann (born 5 January 1953) was the 44th Premier of South Australia. He was premier from 5 March 2002 until 21 October 2011. He is from the Labor Party. He is how Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. 

David Bartlett

David John Bartlett (born 19 January 1968) was the 43rd Premier of Tasmania. He became premier on 26 May 2008. He is from the Labor Party.

Bartlett resigned, for family reasons on 24 January 2011, and was replaced as premier by Lara Giddings. She is also the Treasurer and Minister of the Arts.

John Brumby

John Mansfield Brumby (born 21 April 1953) was the 45th Premier of Victoria. He became Premier on 30 July 2007. He is from the Labor Party. After being defeated in the 2010 elections, Brumby was replaced as Premier by Ted Baillieu on 1 December 2010.

Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School.
Brumby went to the University of Melbourne in 1971 and completed a Bachelor of Commerce degree. He then got his Diploma of Education from the State College of Victoria, Rusden, in 1975. He worked at Eaglehawk, Victoria, as a teacher for three years and then became a union official.

Brumby was an elected to the Parliament of Australia in 1983 and represented the electorate of Bendigo. he lost the seat in the 1990 election. He was elected to the upper house, the Legislative Council, of the Parliament of Victoria in 1993. When the leader of the Labor Party, Jim Kennan, resigned from Parliament, Brumby was became the new leader. He had to resign from the upper house as leaders have to be members of the lower house, the Legislative Council. He won an election for Jim Kennan's seat of Broadmeadows, Victoria. He was the Leader of the Opposition in Victoria for six years. Julia Gillard, the current Prime Minister of Australia, worked as his Chief of Staff. The Labor Party did not win as many votes in the 1996 election and lost two seats. Over the next few years the party did not think Brumby would be able to lead them to a win in the next election. Brumby was replaced as leader by Steve Bracks in March, 1999. Bracks led the Labor Party and won an election in September 1999. Brumby became the Minister for Finance in the new government, and a year later was made the Treasurer (in charge of all government spending).

Bracks resigned as Premier in July 2007, and the Labor Party elected Brumby as their new leader. This made him the Premier of Victoria. In November 2010 the Labor Party was defeated in the election with a 5.3% swing of votes to the Liberal and National Parties. Brumby resigned as the leader of the Labor Party.

Quentin Bryce

Dame Quentin Alice Louise Bryce (née Strachan; born 23 December 1942) was the 25th Governor-General of Australia, from September 2008 to March 2014. She was the first woman to be the Governor-General. Before this she was the Governor of Queensland and she used to be a lawyer.

For her community works she was created a Dame of Grace of the Order of St John in 2003. If she were not already a Dame, she would have become a Dame of Justice when she became Prior of the Australian Priory of the Order of St John.

Crich Tramway Village

Crich Tramway Village is an open-air museum of trams and tramways, in Crich, (), Derbyshire, England. It is the home of the National Tramway Museum. It is set up as an Edwardian village and has a street with shops which include a sweet shop, café and gift shop. Other buildings in the open-air museum are the Red Lion Pub from Stoke-on-Trent, Derby Assembly Rooms, Burnley Tramways Offices and the tram sheds and displays. There are tram lines which go out for about from the village. There is also a collection of old street furniture from around the United Kingdom.

The trams that are in the museum used to run on tramlines along the streets of different towns and cities. Most of the trams at Crich were used in the United Kingdom before the 1960s. Some are from other countries. Many were saved and restored after the tram services in the cities stopped.

Before World War II, tramways were an important type of public transport in many cities in the United Kingdom. (Trams pulled by horses began to be built in the late 19th century.) After World War II, they began to close. Many people thought that the trams and tramways got in the way of motor cars and buses and that fuel for buses was costing less than the cost of making electricity. Most tram networks in the United Kingdom had closed by 1962. Only one remained in use, the Blackpool tramway which still runs today.

In 1948, a group of tramway enthusiasts decided to buy an open top tram that they had been on during the last tram ride of Southampton Tramways. For just £10, they bought Southampton No. 45, Although there were trams and locomotives in British museums, there were no working museums or heritage railways in Britain at this time, so at first the idea of amateurs running a tramway or railway seemed impossible. In 1955 the Tramway Museum Society was started and in 1959, the Society chose a place for the museum after a very long search. The site was found by the Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society when they were taking apart the old track from George Stephenson's railway for a project in Wales.
In the 1840s, when Stephenson was building the North Midland Railway from Derby to Rotherham and Leeds, he found coal buried under the ground on the way to Clay Cross. He decided to mine it and make some money. Crich already had a limestone quarry when he started. Stephenson saw that he could use this limestone and coal to make burnt lime for agricultural use and then use his railway to move it. To link the quarry at Crich to the limekilns at Ambergate, a new metre gauge railway was built, which is said to be the first in the world. The museum is built on part of the old Cliff Quarry, which Stephenson's company bought.

After the Tramway Museum Society's members visited the quarry, they bought part of the site and buildings. Since buying them, the society has gotten many trams, as well as getting track and power for the trams. Many of the tramcars were also repaired. In 1967, the society decided that they would start a village around the tramway, as trams did not run in limestone quarries. This was the start of Crich Tramway Village. The museum got lots of street furniture, and even some entire buildings. Many of these buildings have been changed to hold the museum's collections of books, pictures, and archives.
In 1962 the Tramway Museum Society became a company and a year later it was listed as an educational charity. Since then, the society has grown with the help of people all over the world. The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport said that the museum has a very good collection. It was one of the first 26 museums that was told this in 1995.

Since the start of the 2000s, the work of the museum's volunteers and the income earned by visitors has been added to by grants from the Heritage Lottery Fund The museum is still an independent charity; this means that the government does not pay for it.

In the early 1990s, the government of the United Kingdom decided that trams were a way of stopping the traffic problems in the UK. New light rail systems, or "second generation tramways", opened in cities like Manchester, Sheffield and Nottingham. Twenty years later more systems are being built, like the one in Edinburgh.


The museum has over 60 tramcars from places such as Berlin, Blackpool, Chesterfield, Den Haag, Derby, Douglas, Dundee, Edinburgh, Gateshead, Glasgow, Grimsby, Halle, Howth, Johannesburg, Leeds, Leicester, Liverpool, London, New York, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Oporto, Paisley, Prague, Sheffield, Southampton and Sydney.

Most of these tramcars are double-deckers and some have open-tops.

The museum has about fifteen fully working tramcars. Every day that the museum is open, one to four of those trams are in service on the mile long line. There is also a 1969 Berlin tram that has been changed into an ""Access Tram"".

Many of the trams can be seen at the museum. Some, such as Blackpool Dreadnought 59 and Blackpool OMO 5, are stored in the Museum's depot at Clay Cross.

The museum has trams using four different types of operation – horse, steam, diesel and electricity. Electricity is used for most of the service trams and works cars, but for one weekend each year a horse tram runs. The museum has five horse trams, Leamington & Warwick 1, Chesterfield 8, Oporto 9, Sheffield 15 and Cardiff 21, but only Sheffield 15 is used. The rest are on display. The museum also has a steam tram engine on display.

Most systems have their overhead wire system built to operate with just one form of current collector (the part that gives the tram electricity). The museum has been built to use any of them, including trolley poles, bow collectors and pantographs. Conduit current collection is another form of current collection. Blackpool 4 uses this, and it was also used in London.



Blue baby syndrome

Blue-baby syndrome, or blue baby is usually caused by a heart defect which laymen often call "a hole in the heart". Normally, oxygenated blood from the lungs is separated from deoxygenated blood from other tissues. Because of a defect in the heart ventricle walls, deoxygenated blood sometimes mixes with the blood from the lungs. The resulting blood going through the aorta has less oxygen than usual. The baby then looks blue. An operation is usually done to fix this. 

There are several heart defects which produce this syndrome. There are also some causes which are not related to heart conditions.

On November 29, 1944, the first successful operation for the heart condition was done at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1976, the university awarded the surgeon an honorary doctorate.

3. http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=24529 

Kings of Leon

Kings of Leon are a rock band from Oklahoma, USA. Their members are all related, three brothers and their cousin. They have released 6 albums. Their sixth album, "Mechanical Bull", was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.


Saria

The name Saria can mean a number of things:

Plaster

Plaster is a material similar to mortar and cement. Plaster of Paris is one kind, made from gypsum by heating it. It is used to make copies of footprints, fossils, skeletons, and to set fractured bones. Other kinds of plaster are used for buildings and other purposes. Decorative plaster is more usually called stucco.

Minaret

A minaret is a tower. Many mosques have minarets. Muezzins to call Muslims to prayers from minarets five times a day.

Omi

Omi was a very old Japanese title of both someone's rank and their political rank it was only allowed for use by the most powerful clans during the Yamato time of Japanese history. The title Omi, was given to a man's son when the father died.

Mining feasibility study

A mining feasibility study is normally done before to a mining company buying land and is done to lower the risk of failure and reduce losing money for a mining company.

Free market

A free market is a system in which the prices for goods and services are determined by the open market and consumers, in which the laws and forces of supply and demand are free from any intervention by a government, price-setting monopoly, or other authority. It is a result of a need being, then the need being met. A free market contrasts with a regulated market, in which government intervenes in supply and demand through non-market methods such as laws creating barriers to market entry or price fixing. In a free-market economy, prices for goods and services are set freely by the forces of supply and demand and are allowed to reach their point of equilibrium without intervention by government policy, and it typically entails support for highly competitive markets and private ownership of productive enterprises.

Although free markets are commonly associated with capitalism within a market economy in contemporary usage and popular culture, free markets have also been advocated by free-market anarchists, market socialists, and some proponents of cooperatives and advocates of profit sharing.[1] 

Quba Mosque

Quba Mosque is a mosque in Medina. It is the oldest mosque in the world. When Muhammad and his friends were coming to Medina, they stopped over in Kuba. Muhammad started to build the mosque after his friend helped him. Umar II added a minaret and enlarged the mosque. Suleiman the Magnificent destroyed the mosque and rebuilt it.

Alan Carpenter

Alan John Carpenter (born 4 January 1957) was the 28th Premier of Western Australia from 26 January 2006 to 23 September 2008. He is from the Labor Party. He is still in the Western Australian parliament.

Geoff Gallop

Professor Geoffrey Ian Gallop (born 27 September 1951) was the 27th Premier of Western Australia from 16 February 2001 to 25 January 2006. He was from the Labor Party.

Renton, Washington

Renton is a city in King County, Washington, United States. It is 13 miles (21 km) southeast of Seattle, Washington. Renton is on the southeast shore of Lake Washington. At the 2000 census, 50,052 people lived there. As of April 1, 2008, there were about 78,780 people. The number of people increased a lot because of the addition of the Benson Hill communities directly southeast of the city. According to the data from the Office of Financial Management, Renton is the 11th largest city in Washington, and 5th largest in King County.

Based on per capita income, Renton ranks 100th of 522 areas ranked in the state of Washington.



Premier of Western Australia

The Premier of Western Australia is the leader of the Western Australian government. He or she is the most powerful politician in the Australian state of Western Australia.

The current Premier is Roger Cook from the Labor Party.

Christian Heinrich Nebbien

Christian Heinrich Nebbien, sometimes referred to as Heinrich Nebbien or Henrik Nebbien, (September 22, 1778 in Lübeck - December 2, 1841 in Glogau) was a German landscaping architect.

His most important project was the Városliget park at the end of Andrássy ut in Budapest (1817).

Other projects for which he is known are:


He also wrote a book on the methods of increasing agricultural output, published in Prague in 1835.



Krompachy

Krompachy (German: Krompach, Hungarian: Korompa) is a town in Slovakia, located on the valley of the Hornád River. Until the end of the 20th century it was a centre of mining and metallurgy, particularly iron and copper. It is now an alpine resort, close to the Plejsy ski center.

Kingfisher

Kingfishers are small birds of the order Coraciiformes. There are about 90 species, mostly in the Old World and Australasia, Most species are tropical in distribution.

Their feathers are often bright colours, such as blue or orange. They have large heads, long, sharp bills, short legs, and stubby tails.

Most species have bright plumage with little differences between the sexes. Most are found only in forests. They eat a wide range of prey, including fish. They usually catch prey by swooping down from a perch. Many live near rivers and eat fish, but most species live away from water and eat small invertebrates. Like other birds of their order they nest in holes, usually tunnels dug into the natural or artificial banks in the ground. A quarter of all kingfishers nest in disused termite nests.

Based on sequence analysis, the 90 or so species of kingfishers are now divided into three families:

Kingfishers are found all over the world. They often make their nests near rivers where the water flows slowly. They make their nests in tall river banks. They dig a hole in the side of the river bank. Most kingfishers lay 3–6 eggs each time.

Many kingfishers eat fish. They sit on branches hanging over the river's edge and wait for a fish to appear. They then dive into the water to catch the fish. Some kingfishers eat lizards or other reptiles. Kookaburras do this.

Most species are in the Australasian region, but the family did not originate there. They evolved in the Northern Hemisphere and invaded the Australasian region a number of times. Fossil kingfishers have been described from Lower Eocene rocks in Wyoming 50 million years ago (mya) and in Germany, around 30-40 million years ago. More recent fossil kingfishers have been described in the Miocene/Pliocene rocks of Australia (5-25 mya).

Kingfishers are easily harmed if there is a lot of snow and cold weather in winter. They can also die if humans cause a lot of water pollution or if the places where Kingfishers live are destroyed. Some kingfishers are endangered species.

São José dos Pinhais

São José dos Pinhais is a Brazilian city, the second largest in the Greater Curitiba, in southern state of Paraná. In 2008 the population was more than 280.000 inhabitants.

The city is on a plateau 906 meters above sea level, and an area of 945,717 km². Is just 7 km away from the capital, Curitiba.

It is the third largest automotive pole of Brazil, housing assembly of Volkswagen, Audi, Nissan and Renault. The city is also home of the Afonso Pena International Airport, the main airport in southern Brazil.

Yone Minagawa

Yone Minagawa (January 4, 1893 – August 13, 2007) was a Japanese supercentenarian and the world's oldest living person between January 29, 2007, and Minagawa's death at age 114 years 221 days. 

Minagawa became Japan's oldest person in April 2005, following the death of 114-year-old Ura Koyama. With the death of 114-year-old Emma Tillman on January 29, 2007, Minagawa became the world's oldest living person. She was 114 years 25 days old at the time. Minagawa died of natural causes on 13 August 2007 at the age of 114 years, 221 days. Following her death, then 114-year-old Edna Parker became the new world's oldest living person.

Richard G. Hovannisian

Richard Gable Hovannisian (; November 9, 1932 – July 10, 2023) was an American historian. He was born in Tulare, California.

He received his M.A.(1958) degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and his Ph.D.(1966) from University of California, Los Angeles. He was also Associate Professor of History at Mount St. Mary's College, Los Angeles, from 1966 to 1969. In 1987, Professor Hovannisian was appointed as the first holder of the Armenian Educational Foundation Endowed Chair in Modern Armenian History at the UCLA. His biographical entries are included in Who's Who in America and Who's Who in the World among other scholarly and literary reference works.

Hovannisian died in Los Angeles, California on July 10, 2023 at the age of 90.



Armenians in the Ottoman Empire

Armenians in the Ottoman Empire were people of Armenian origin who lived under Ottoman rule from the empire's original creation to its eventual collapse. 

Armenians in the Ottoman Empire lived under the millet system as a Christian minority up until the Tanzimat reforms which concluded in the construction of the first Ottoman constitution. When the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) became the ruling party of the Ottoman Empire, they vigorously enforced Ottomanism and saw the Turks as the dominant group. These developments caused more oppression and eventually led to the Armenian Genocide. 

In 1453, the Ottoman Turks under the command of Sultan Mehmed II conquered the Byzantine capital of Constantinople. Constantinople (later renamed Istanbul) became the capital of the Islamic Ottoman Empire for the remainder of its lifespan (1453-1922). Under the Ottoman Empire, there were three main non-Muslim communities: the Jewish community, the Greek Orthodox Church and the Armenian Apostolic Church. Christianity is a firmly embedded central component of Armenian history and culture, which dates back to 301 C.E when Armenia became the first ever nation to implement Christianity as a state religion. Under Ottoman Islamic rule, Sultans allowed the Christian Armenian communities to preserve their culture, customs, language and religiosity so long as they remained loyal to the Ottoman sultan and the state. This governance of the non-Muslim community was achieved through the implementation of what has become known as the millet system.

The Ottoman Empire's system regarding the governance of their non-Muslim communities within the empire was known as the millet system. The word ‘millet,’ which when translated means ‘nation’ or ‘people,’ was used by the Ottomans to describe these non-Muslim groups as corporate religious groups within the empire. Ultimately, the millet system entailed having non-Muslim religious communities such as the Armenian community guaranteed the right to life, property, and the freedom to practice their religious faith so long as they remained loyal to the Sultan and the state. Armenians were afforded this basic limited amount of autonomy provided they paid double the amount of taxes compared to a regular Ottoman citizen at the time. Influential leaders collected these taxes within the Armenian community and were also expected to deal with whatever additional issues that were occurring within the community at the time (social and legal). The millet system also determined that Armenians would be forbidden from participation within the military. Other limitations were also in place, which mandated Armenians and other millets to wear certain clothing and identifiers such as a crucifix around their neck.

Armenian millets were operating just eight years after the fall of Constantinople in 1453 when Sultan Mehmed II appointed Hovakim, an Armenian bishop, to act as a ruling figurehead for the Armenian community. Hovakim known as Hovakim I was the first Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople within the Ottoman Empire. Hovakim I was based in the Ottoman Capital in Istanbul where he was entrusted with commanding over the Armenian people and ensuring the prevention of anti-Ottoman movements within his community. While a variation of the millet system may have been in place since the 1460’s, it is widely argued that the appearance of the term ‘millet’ gained prominence after the Ottoman Empire began to face serious multifaceted challenges to its empire vis-a-vis its military defeats to the Holy League in 1697 and the emergence of a new foe in the Russian Empire. Each millet system enjoyed increasing influence and power at this time, particularly the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople and the Greek Phanariots. The Phanariots were elite Greek merchants that had a critical influence over internal political issues within the Ottoman Empire. Their influence within the Ottoman Empire was drastically reduced however after the Greek Revolution, with the other religious millets particularly the Armenian millets greatly benefiting from this shift of influence.

By the 19th Century, the Armenian community was divided into Christian Apostolic, Catholic, and Protestant millets, meaning that there was no centralized, hierarchical leadership structure. The Ottomans dealt with this Armenian division by having Armenian patriarchs for each millet in Istanbul and Jerusalem. The ottomans had from an early stage of their reign, identified the crucial role that religious clergymen had in not only the collection of taxation within its community but also of influencing the communities feelings and sentiments. The relationship between the Armenian clergy and the Ottoman Empire that existed up until the middle of the 19th century is one that indeed can be described as cordial and one of mutual benefit. The Armenian clergy and a small merchant faction within its elite enjoyed influence and power. At the same time, the Ottoman empire was intrinsically pleased with maintaining their ability while also benefiting from the use of the Armenian merchants. While the vast majority of Armenians were poor peasants, a small minority of Armenians would establish themselves as the financial backbone of the Ottoman Empire itself. The Armenian Amira group bankers would establish themselves as the most influential merchant group of the Ottoman Empire, serving as bankers to the Ottoman central government while also controlling key positions within crucial sectors of industry. Jobs such as the director of Imperial Currency Mint, chief imperial architect, and the superintendent of large Gun-powder factories were filled by the Amira group. When one realizes the extent to which both the Armenian clergy and the Armenian elite were benefiting from the implementation of this millet system (particularly during the 18th/19th Century), it is easy to theorize why Armenia seemingly had made no precise demands for liberation until the Tanzimat reformation.

On 3 November 1839, the process that became known as the Tanzimat reforms began when Sultan Abdulmecid's marked the opening of his reign with the issuance of the Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane. The Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane was the brainchild of statesmen, Mustafa Reşid Pasha, the Ottoman minister of foreign affairs. The Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane outlined three central notions in which: (i) The life, property, and honor of all subjects under the Ottoman Empire must be guaranteed, (ii) A new fixed tax system would replace the outdated tax farming system and finally, (iii) Lifetime military conscription would be replaced to conscription of four to five years. Perhaps the most notable and groundbreaking element of the Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane was its assertion that all Ottoman subjects regardless of religion would be equal before the law. This was the first time during the Ottoman Empire in which non-Muslims would be deemed equal to their Muslim counterparts, something that would become a more regular occurrence among the Sultan and Ottoman government during this period.

On 18 February 1856, thousands of citizens gathered in Istanbul to hear Sultan Abdulmecid’s Hatt-i Humayun, the second proclamation of the Tanzimat reforms. While specific points were reiterated from the 1839 Hatt-ı Şerif of Gülhane proclamation, the 1856 Hatt-i Humayun was far more in-depth and specific. For instance, this time, there was a particular reference to the need for adherence to annual national budgets, the creation of more banks, and the adaptation of a more Europeanized economic model in hopes of building a more substantial empire financially. Similarly, steps would be taken that would lead to the introduction of commercial law and the codifying of penal law within the empire while at the same time making penal reforms that would, for example, look to no longer punish apostates by death. The proclamation greatly emphasized that all citizens were now to be considered equal under Ottoman law regardless of religion. This intrinsically meant that the millet systems would have to be abandoned, and all non-Muslim communities could naturally become citizens of the Ottoman Empire. Additionally, the sultan vowed that these historic minorities would be safeguarded and offered legal protection from discrimination, with the final goal ultimately being to break down the barriers erected by the discriminatory millet system and create a brotherhood of Ottoman citizens that is both multi-ethnic and multi-national. 

The Land Code of 1858 was another feature of the Tanzimat reforms which revolutionized property and land ownership within the Ottoman Empire. This Land Code entitled farmers, merchants, and peasants who were living on land and farming on land to own properties which were previously under state ownership. The sultan agreed to sign away these properties he owned to these citizens of all classes, wh,o in turn, would have to pay the sultan via newly established property taxation. Ultimately, while the Tanzimat reforms were slow to be enacted, their seeming strides toward progression raised expectations particularly among those within the Armenian community. More and more of the common Armenian population were educating themselves about reforms and laws within the community in which they previously had little to no say in. Similarly, the elites within the Armenian population felt they had a part to play in helping to build a new reformed Ottoman Empire and generally were rather receptive of the Tanzimat reforms initially. The construction of the first Constitution in 1876, during the First Constitutional Era was another seminal moment of reformation during the Tanzimat period, which would ultimately mark the end of this era. While the Tanzimat reforms seemed a success for the Ottoman Empire, the unchecked centralized nature of the sultan's power ultimately would lead to problems of drought and debt for the Ottoman Empire immediately following the end of the Tanzimat reforms.

Several young Armenians who had traveled back to the Ottoman Empire after receiving higher education in Western Europe saw several problems with the millet system when they returned home. The leaders of the Armenian millet were corrupt and wanted to cooperate with Ottoman powers and keep the people in their millet in ignorance. This group of intellectuals wanted written regulations defining the duties of the people at the top of the Armenian millet, such as the patriach.Reorganizingg the millet would help separate state and religion. After several rejections a Code of Regulations was accepted by the National Assembly in 1860. This code was 150 articles long and, among other things, reduced the power of the Armenian patriarch, but he was still the representative of the Armenian millet. The document was called the Armenian National Constitution. Still, it was only valid for inside the Armenian millet, so according to scholars, the Code of Regulations is a more fitting term.

The Armenian National Constitution did not change much for the people in the millet, but it is one of the factors which led to the making of the First Ottoman Constitution in 1876. The first Ottoman Constitution was created by Midhat Pasha in order to calm the chaos in the Ottoman Empire and decrease the power of seperatist movements. This new Ottoman Constitution set the path for the Ottoman Empire for modernization and becoming more like the West. The period in which this constitution was implemented is called the First Constitutional Period and took from 1876-1878.

The Armenian National Constitution is still used in the Armenian Church in the diaspora. 

The First Ottoman Constitution was implemented again in 1908 after the Young Turk Revolution.

The Armenians in the Ottoman Empire have been subject to several massacres before 1915, such as the Hamidian massacres in 1894-1896 and the Adana massacres in 1909. While the former massacres were often to scare and intimidate the Armenians, the genocide in 1915 had as goal to completely eliminate the Armenians from the Ottoman Empire. The Armenian Genocide is the name for the deportation and killing of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, which ended in the death of 80,000 to 1,5 million Armenian people.

In 1913, the year before the genocide, around 2 million Armenians were living in the Ottoman Empire. At the start of World War I the Ottoman Empire was fighting with the Russians, as well as the British and French at the same time. The losses of the Balkan War included more than half of the European territory that used to be part of the Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman government decided that it was not possible for the Muslim Ottomans to live alongside the Christian population of the Ottoman Empire and wanted to homogenize the population. The Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) was the governing party of the Ottoman Empire from 1908 to 1918. The CUP was a nationalist party that believed in Ottomanism and saw the need for the Turks as a dominant group. This included relocating the non-Turk Muslim population and the non-Muslim population of the Ottoman Empire.

The Russians took advantage of the fact that the Ottoman Empire was fighting a war on two fronts and moved their army towards the city in Eastern Anatolia with the largest Armenian population. The Armenians disagreed on whether to support the Russians or the Ottomans; some joined the Russian army, others the Ottoman army, and others did not join. The Ottoman government ordered the deportation of Armenians from towns most affected by the fighting; this later included all Armenians in Anatolia. Ottoman officials carried out the orders and Turks, Kurds and local tribespeople. Many Armenians died in these deportations, many fled to Syria, Russia, or Iraq, and many died while fleeing. The Armenians being deported were often raped, kidnapped, or starved. Around 800,000 to 1.5 million Armenians died during these massacres; the people who remained in the Ottoman Empire were often women and girls forced to marry into Turkish Muslim families. The boys were often adopted and converted to Islam.

Not everybody has agreed on the reason or a name for the events that happened to the Armenians in 1915 and during World War I. The Turkish government calls these deportations a defensive action against rebellion started by Kurds and local Muslim rebels, while the Armenian people call it a genocide. It is genocide according to the definition of genocide by the United Nations.

Armenian question

The term "Armenian Question" refers to powers of Europe's involvement to the Armenian subjects of the Ottoman Empire beginning with the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. However, in specific terms, the Armenian question refers to the protection and the freedoms of Armenians from their neighboring communities.

The "Armenian Question", like the "Eastern Question", remained a factor (issue) in international politics, first with Great Britain and Germany; then Russia taking on the role of Ottoman Armenians protector. 

Annihilation

Annihilation is the name given in physics to the process that occurs when a particle and its antiparticle equivalent collide. The collision between these two particles makes energy release. Two types of this include the annihilation of electrons and positrons (the antiparticle for electrons), and the annihilation of protons and antiprotons.

The word has other meanings.

South Asian river dolphin

The South Asian river dolphin ("Platanista gangetica") is a freshwater or river dolphin found in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan.

It is split into two subspecies, the Ganges river dolphin ("P. g. gangetica") and Indus river dolphin ("P. g. minor"). 

From the 1970s until 1998, they were regarded as separate species; however, in 1998, their classification was changed from two separate species to subspecies of a single species. The idea was to wait until genetic analysis had decided how best to classify them.

Phone Booth (movie)

Phone Booth is a 2003 American movie about a man trapped in a telephone booth by a sniper. It stars Colin Farrell and Kiefer Sutherland and was directed by Joel Schumacher. It is set in New York City. It was originally to be released in 2002 but was delayed because of the Beltway sniper attacks.

Beltway sniper attacks

The Beltway Sniper attacks were a series of sniper attacks on civilians over three weeks in October 2002 in the Mid-Atlantic United States. The shootings all took place in the Maryland and Virginia area, mainly in and around Washington, D.C. The shootings were carried out by American John Allen Muhammad (1960-2009) and Jamaican Lee Boyd Malvo (born 1985).

Ulmus wallichiana

The Himalayan Elm ("Ulmus wallichiana") Planch., also known as the Kashmir Elm, found in Kashmir.

Central Karakoram National Park

Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Chitral National Park

Chitral National Park is one of the national parks of Pakistan. It is located in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan at the side of Chitral River, just at a distance of two hours drive from the Chitral city. The word, Gol in local language means ' the valley'. This park has many valleys thereby the name, Chitral Gol National Park.

This park has three valleys. There are several galciers in the park . The park has cedar trees and endangered wild goat species Markhor. The snow leopard is sometimes seen there. The Tibetan wold, red fox, are also found in the park. Common birds are the bearded vulture, golden eagle, demoiselle crane, peregrine falcon, snow partridge and rock partridge.


Richard Court

Richard Fairfax Court (born 27 September 1947) was the 26th Premier of Western Australia from 16 February 1993 to 16 February 2001. He was from the Liberal Party. His father, Charles Court, was also a Premier of Western Australia.

Hazarganji-Chiltan National Park

Hazarganji Chiltan National Park is a park in the Quetta District on the west side of Balochistan Province. It is in western Pakistan.

Hingol National Park

Hingol National Park or Hungol National Park () covers about . and is the largest of the National Parks of Pakistan and lies on the Makran coast in Balochistan approximately from Karachi.
The area was declared a reserve in 1988. 

The Hingol River runs though the park. 

Khunjerab National Park

Khunjerab National Park is a National park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is one of the highest altitude parks in the world.

Kirthar National Park

Kirthar National Park is in Kirthar Mountains range. It is second biggest National Parks of Pakistan, the Hingol National Park being the biggest. It is also the first National Park from Pakistan to be included in the 1975 United Nation's list of National Parks around the world.

Lehri Nature Park

Lehri Nature Park is in Jhelum District, northern Punjab, Pakistan.

Carmen Lawrence

Dr Carmen Mary Lawrence (born 2 March 1948) was the 25th Premier of Western Australia from 12 February 1990 to 16 February 1993. She was from the Labor Party. She became Premier after Peter Dowding resigned. She was the first woman to become Premier of an Australian state and she is Western Australia's only woman Premier. After she was Premier she became of member of the Australian parliament. She served as federal Health Minister from 1994 to 1996, under Paul Keating.

Machiara National Park

Machiara National Park is a national park in Pakistan. It is one of three globally important national parks chosen for a Global Environment Facility sponsored project. The goal of the project is to create management models showing good natural resource conservation.

Margala Hills National Park

The Margalla Hills National Park is in Northern Pakistan. It is at the foothills of the Himalayas, north of Islamabad.

Cholistan desert

Cholistan Desert (, also locally known as Rohi) sprawls thirty kilometers from Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan and covers an area of . It is next to the Thar Desert extending over to Sindh and into the Republic of India.

Peter Dowding

Peter M'Callum Dowding SC (born 6 October 1943) was the 24th Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1988 to 12 February 1990. He was from the Labor Party. He became Premier when Brian Burke resigned. He had a difficult time as Premier because some people in his government broke the law. He is now a lawyer. He got a Centenary Medal in 2001.

Indus Valley Desert

The Indus Valley Desert is a desert ecoregion of northern Pakistan. The Indus Valley desert covers an area of 19,500 square kilometers (7,500 square miles) in northwestern Punjab Province, lying between the Chenab River and Indus rivers. The Indus Valley Desert is drier and less hospitable than the Northwestern thorn scrub forests that surround it.

Kharan desert

Kharan Desert () is a desert in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.

Thal desert

The Thal desert is in Punjab, Pakistan. It is a large area mainly between the Jhelum River and Sindh rivers near the Pothohar Plateau. It has little vegetation — mostly thorny bushes — over a breadth of 70 miles. In Thal the people are very poor because the whole land is arid and depends upon the weather conditions. They cultivate grains only. It is the most illiterate area in Punjab Province. 

Noor Pur Thal has ten Union councils.

Flag of Texas

The Texas flag is known as the "Lone Star Flag". This flag was introduced to the Republic of Texas on December 28, 1838, by Senator William H. Wharton. It became its national flag on January 24, 1839.

When Texas became the 28th state of the United States of America on December 29, 1845, its national flag became the state flag. Each color means a special symbol on the flag: blue stands for loyalty, white for purity, and red for bravery.

Benny Benson

John Ben "Benny" Benson Jr. (October 12, 1913 – July 2, 1972) was born in Chignik, Alaska. When he was three years old, his mother died. His father sent him and his brother Carl to boarding school because Benny's father could not take care of them. Benny grew up in Unalaska and later in Seward.

Fame came to him from designing the Alaska flag. Benny was the winner of the contest run for Alaska students in grades seven to twelve in 1926. The Alaska Legislature adopted the design as the official flag for the Territory of Alaska on May 2, 1927. Later, the drafters of the Alaska constitution stipulated that the territorial flag would become the official flag of the State of Alaska.

Bowling for Soup

Bowling for Soup is an American pop punk band from Wichita Falls, Texas. 

The band was formed in 1994 by Jaret Reddick, Chris Burney, Erik Chandler and Lance Morrill. The name of the band is from one of Steve Martin's comedy acts. They released their self-title debut album, "Bowling for Soup", in September 1994.





Flag of Alaska

The Flag of Alaska has eight gold stars on dark blue. These stars form the Big Dipper and the North Star.

The flag was created in 1927 by Benny Benson, a 13-year-old Alaska native. Up to that time, Alaskans had flown only the U.S. flag. Benson's design was chosen over 700 other submissions from school-children in grades 7–12. Most other entries showed the seal, the midnight sun, the northern lights, polar bears, and gold pans. To celebrate his achievement, Benson was awarded $1,000 and an engraved watch. The Alaska Legislature adopted the flag on May 2, 1927. It was kept as the state flag upon statehood in 1959.

This song was made for the flag.



2005 French riots

The 2005 civil unrest in France was a series of riots in October and November. Many cars and public buildings, for example schools were burnt. The riots started on October 25, 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois, a suburb of Paris. Afterwards they spread to other parts of France. Together they lasted for about 3 weeks. The riots were a reaction to the accidental deaths of two teenage boys and the serious injuries of another. The three boys hid in a power substation and got an electric shock, after being chased by police. However the boys did not commit a crime.

"The New York Times" said the event started at 17:20 on 27 October 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois. They said they know this from a police report. The police were called to a construction site, because of a burglary. Three teenagers thought they were being chased by the police, so they climed a fence of a power substation. This was because the feared long questioning by the police. Another 6 teenagers were caught by the police for questioning by 17:50. At 18:12 at the local police station in Livry-Gargan the lights went out because of a blackout. This black-out was caused by the death of Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré in the power station and the injury of the third boy.

There is a controversy, if the boys were chased by police. The local prosecutor and Nicholas Sarkozy, who was minister of interior at that time said no. But the newspaper "The Australian", who asked some of his friends, said yes.

Before this event there had been in issues with unemployment and police brutality in this town. But after this event mobs of protesters gathered. The "Associated Press" quoted a protester with "People are joining together to say we've had enough. We live in ghettos. Everyone lives in fear."


ASCII

ASCII (pronounced "az-kee", "ass-key" if American), is a table of characters for computers. It is binary code used by electronic equipment to handle text using the English alphabet, numbers, and other common symbols. ASCII is an abbreviation for "American Standard Code for Information Interchange".
ASCII was developed in the 1960s and was based on earlier codes used by telegraph systems.

The code includes definitions for 128 characters, which are assigned numbers from 0 to 127. Numbers 32 to 126 stand for letters, numbers and symbols such as abc, ABC, 123, and ?&!. Numbers 0 to 31 and the number 127 stand for characters that control how text is processed and are not printed.

ASCII uses 7 binary digits (bits) to represent characters. The bits 1000001 (65 in normal base-10 numbers) represent the upper-case letter A, 1000010 represents B, 1000011 represents C, and so on. Using the table below, you can look up a number in the Decimal column and see the character it represents in the Char column. Programmers often use hexadecimal (base-16 numbers), and you can look that up in the Hex column.

An ASCII computer file uses one byte for each character. A byte has 8 bits, so can hold an ASCII character with one bit spare. In the past, the spare bit was sometimes used as a "parity bit" to help check if the data had been corrupted.

ASCII has no formatting control (for bold or "Italics", etc.) Sometimes someone talks about a file or document in ASCII, meaning it is in plain text.

Standard ASCII is still commonly used, particularly in computer software and HTML files. Until 2010 it was the standard for URLs. Often a web site that has fields for entering text will only take ASCII text. Any special markups for bold or centered text, etc. will show up incorrectly.

ASCII does not have diacritics (marks that are added to a letter, like the dots (umlauts) above vowels in German, or the tilde (~) above the 'n' for the 'ñ' used in Spanish). It was only meant for English and doesn't work well for most other languages. Some English words borrowed from other languages use these marks as well, like "resumé" (see Appendix:English words with diacritics).

This led to some systems using 8 bits (a full byte) instead of 7 bits. The proper name for systems that use 8 bits is called "extended ASCII". Eight bits allows for 256 characters. The first 128 characters must be the same as for ASCII and the rest are usually used for alphabetic letters with accents, for example like É, È, Î and Ü. This solves the problem for a few languages that are based on the Latin alphabet, although not all extended ASCII systems are the same. Other alphabets, like the Greek alphabet, Cyrillic alphabet need a different set of characters. And some systems like those using Chinese characters still do not work, as they use thousands of characters. So Unicode was created to have one common system for all languages.


Vantage Point

Vantage Point is a 2008 mystery thriller movie from Columbia Pictures, written by Barry Levy and directed by Pete Travis. It stars Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Forest Whitaker with Sigourney Weaver, Édgar Ramírez and William Hurt. It was released on February 22, 2008.

United States President Henry Ashton (William Hurt) is participating in an anti-terrorism summit in Salamanca. Over a twenty-three-minute period, an assassination attempt on the President unfolds. The movie loops through this period over and over, each time from the perspective of a different participant, adding a new piece to the larger puzzle with each loop.



Flag of Hawaii

The flag of Hawaii (Hawaiian: Ka Hae Hawaiʻi) is the official flag of Hawaii as a U.S. state, as it was kingdom, protector government, republic, and territory. It is the only state flag of the United States to have the Union Flag of the United Kingdom on it.

The field of the flag is composed of eight horizontal stripes symbolizing the eight major islands. A ninth stripe was once shown, meaning the island of Nihoa. The color of the stripes, from the top down, has this pattern: white, red, blue, white, red, blue, white, red. The colors were standardized in 1843, although other combinations have been seen and are occasionally still used.

There are a lot of reasons for the earliest history of the flag of Hawaii. One said how King Kamehameha I flew a British flag, given to him by British explorer Captain George Vancouver as a token of friendship with King George III. Other visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor. An adviser to Kamehameha noted that the Union Flag could draw Hawaii into international problems as his kingdom could be seen as an ally of the United Kingdom, and he quickly lowered the Union Flag over his home. While argued as historically correct, one report of events that followed stated that in order to please American interests during the War of 1812, a flag of the United States was raised over Kamehameha's home only to be removed when British officers in the court of Kamehameha powerfully objected to it. This account then explains why the resulting flag of Hawaii was a deliberate combination of the two nations' flags.

In 1816, Kamehameha appointed his own flag to avoid problems. As a result, the current flag of Hawaii was born. There is debate as to the name of the officer: some traditions credit Alexander Adams, others George Beckley. The original flag was designed to feature stripes alternating in the order: red-white-blue. However, some have argued that the stripes were influenced by the flag of the United States. The flag used at the first official flying of the flag of Hawaii erroneously placed the stripes in the order: white-red-blue. The number of stripes also changed. Originally, the flag was designed with seven horizontal stripes. In 1845 it changed to have eight stripes (at one point, there were nine but later the number changed back to eight). The arrangement was adopted and is used today.

2010 FIFA World Cup

The 2010 World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup, the world championship between 32 men's national football teams. It was held in South Africa from 11 June to 10 July 2010. In the host selection, only African countries may be selected as host of this tournament. In 2004 FIFA selected South Africa to become it the first African country hosted FIFA World Cup.

The matches were played in 10 stadiums in 9 cities around the country. The final was played at the Soccer City, Johannesburg
All countries (except South Africa that qualified as host nation) took part in qualification tournament to qualify to the World Cup. In the first round all teams were divided to eight groups of four teams where team played with other three teams in group. Two best teams from each group qualify to knockout stage where teams need to win 3 matches to reach the final.

In the final Spain, the European champions, won the tournament. They defeated Netherlands 1-0 in extra time with Andrés Iniesta's goal in the 116th minute. Spain got their first World Cup title and they also became the first European team won the World Cup outside Europe. They also became the first team to win the World Cup after losing their first match. Host nation of this tournament South Africa, winner (Italy) and finalist (France) of previous World Cup were all failed the group stage. It was the first time when host nation was not qualified to knockout stage. New Zealand was only team that did not lose any matches but it also did not advance to knockout stage







In 2005, the organizers released a list of thirteen venues to be used for the World Cup. They were officially announced by FIFA on 17 March 2006:

New for 2010 is the Budweiser Man of the Match award. Fans vote for the top player for each match in the World Cup tournament.

The first round was also called the Group stage. There were 32 teams in the first round of the World Cup. The teams were divided into eight groups with four teams in each group. The groups were named Group A through Group H.

Each team in a group played all the other teams in their group one time. That means there were six games in each group and 48 games in the first round. The top two teams from each group in this round advanced (were allowed to play) in the next round, named the Round of 16.

The FIFA uses the following method to rank teams in the first round.

Legend:

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).

Schedule
Schedule
Schedule
The games starting with the second round are known as the knockout stage. These games can not end in a draw (tie). If a match (game) is tied at the end of 90 minutes (the regular game time limit), extra periods are added to the game. Two periods, each 15 minutes long, will be played. If the score is still tied after the two extra periods, the game will be decided by a penalty kick shootout.

<br>






28 players were suspended after being shown two consecutive yellow cards (13 players), a single red card (8 players), or a yellow card followed by a red card (7 players).


The Best 11 was decided by an online public vote, where people were invited to select a team (in a 4–4–2 formation) and best coach. Voting was open until 23:59 on 11 July 2010, with submissions going into a draw to win a prize.

Six of the eleven players came from the Spanish team, as did the coach. The remainder of the team comprised two Germans, one Brazilian, one Dutchman and a Uruguayan.


|

Cody Rhodes

Cody Garrett Runnels Rhodes ("né" Runnels; born June 30, 1985) better known simply by his ring name Cody Rhodes, is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand. He is nicknamed "The American Nightmare" and is one of the most popular face wrestlers today. The son of Dusty Rhodes and the half-brother of Dustin Rhodes, he is married to Brandi Rhodes.

Rhodes started his wrestling career for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 2006, working there for the next ten years. During this time, he became a two-time Intercontinental Champion and a six-time tag team champion (three-time World Tag Team Champion and three-time WWE Tag Team Champion).. He was released from WWE in May 2016. After that he worked on the Independent circuit, for Ring of Honor (where he won the ROH World Championship, the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, which was also won by his father), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Impact Wrestling and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (where he was an important member of the Bullet Club and a former IWGP United States Heavyweight Champion).

On January 1, 2019, Rhodes joined the newly founded company All Elite Wrestling (AEW). There he was an executive vice president and a record-tying three-time TNT Champion (also being the first man to win the title). On February 15, 2022, he left AEW. That April he returned to WWE on the first night of WrestleMania 38, defeating Seth "Freakin" Rollins. He would go on to win the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship (his fourth Raw Tag Team Championship and his first SmackDown Tag Team Championship) and the Royal Rumble Match in 2023 and 2024, becoming the fourth wrestler to win that match twice in a row.




Deuce (wrestler)

James William Reiher, Jr., (born September 1, 1971) better known as Jimmy Snuka, Jr., is a Fijian-American professional wrestler and the son of professional wrestler "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka. He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment where he worked under the ring names Deuce and Sim Snuka. He is a former WWE Tag Team Champion with his former partner Domino.


Jim Duggan

James Edward Duggan (born January 14, 1954 in Glens Falls, New York), better known by his ring name "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, is an American professional wrestler, who is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E). Duggan will also be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 by Ted DiBiase Sr.. Duggan was the winner of the first ever Royal Rumble in 1988. He is known for entering the arena with a 2x4 piece of lumber and yelling ""Hooo!"" while the fans chant ""U-S-A!"".

In November 2018, Duggan was hospitalized in the intensive care unit for an unknown reason.

JTG

Jayson Anthony Paul (born December 10, 1984) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name JTG. He is best known for his time working with the WWE. During his time there, he was a member of the tag team Cryme Tyme along with Shad Gaspard.

His last match was on the September 20, 2013 episode of "Superstars" where he lost against Santino Marella. On June 12, 2014, JTG was released from his WWE contract.


Lance Cade

Lance Kurtis McNaught (March 2, 1981 – August 13, 2010) was an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where he wrestled under the ring names Garrison Cade and Lance Cade. Cade was trained by Shawn Michaels and made his professional wrestling debut along with Bryan Danielson in 1999 for Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) in Japan.

Cade signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 2001 and began working for their developmental territory Memphis Championship Wrestling (MCW). In the summer, he was sent to Heartland Wrestling Association (HWA). When the WWF dropped HWA as their developmental territory, Cade moved the then-renamed WWE's main developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). In 2003, he debuted on an episode of Sunday Night Heat in a match against Lance Storm who forced him to submit to the sharpshooter. During his WWE career, he was known to team with Mark Jindrak and then later Trevor Murdoch. Cade was released from the company on October 14, 2008. Jim Ross stated on his blog that Cade "made a major league mistake while utilizing bad judgment" and that it was a factor in his departure. Ross also mentioned Cade having a seizure on a plane and him needing emergency medical care as a part of this.

He was a three-time World Tag Team Champion with Trevor Murdoch.

On August 13, 2010, Cade died at the age of 29 of apparent heart failure in San Antonio, Texas. On October 13, the medical examiner in San Antonio ruled that his death was "accidental," and stated that intoxication from mixed drugs complicated a cardiomyopathy and caused his death.






Matt Striker

Matthew Robert Kaye (born June 26 1974) is an American professional wrestler and commentator. He is best known for working for the WWE from 2005 to 2013 under the ring name, Matt Striker. He currently works as a commentator for Championship Wrestling from Hollywood.

He has also won a Slammy Award in 2008 for "Announce Team of the Year" which he shared with Todd Grisham.

On June 20, 2013, he left the WWE when the company did not renew his contract.


Sicko

Sicko was a 2007 documentary movie made by Michael Moore. It explores the American health care system, and compares it to the United Kingdom's, Canada's, France's and Cuba's. It made $24.5 million, making it the third-highest grossing documentary of all time.


Flag of Alabama

The flag of Alabama was adopted by the Alabama state legislature on February 16, 1895.

It's believed that the crimson saltire of the Flag of Alabama was designed to look like the blue saltire of the Confederate battle flag. The Battle Flag was square-shaped, and Alabama's flag is sometimes shown as a square. The authors of a 1917 article in National Geographic expressed their opinion that because the Alabama flag was based on the Battle Flag, it should be square. In 1987, Don Siegelman issued an opinion in which the Battle Flag derivation is repeated, but concluded that the proper shape is rectangular, as it had been depicted numerous times in official publications and reproductions.

However, the saltire design of the Alabama state flag also looks like several other flags. It is identical to the saltire of St. Patrick, incorporated into the British Union Flag to represent the union of the United Kingdom of Great Britain with the Kingdom of Ireland. This has led to other origins being put forth as possibilities.

Flag of Mexico

The Flag of the United Mexican States or Mexico is a tricolor of green, white, and red with an eagle charged in the center of the white stripe. While the meaning of the colors has changed over time, these three colors were adopted by Mexico following independence from Spain during the country's War of Independence. The current flag was adopted in 1968, but the design has been used since 1821. The current law of national symbols, Law on the National Arms, Flag, and Anthem, that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984. Red, white, and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico. The central emblem is the ancient Aztec symbol for Tenochtitlan (now Mexico City), the center of the Aztec Empire. It recalls the legend that inspired the Aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island. The form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968. Aztec legend held that they should found their city on the spot where they saw an eagle on a cactus, eating a snake. There is a ribbon in the national colors at the bottom of the coat of arms.

In the early 14th century, the Mexican people were a wandering tribe of nomads looking for a permanent settlement in modern day central Mexico. They survived by hunting and gathering and were often hired to fight as mercenaries for the city-states scattered throughout the region. According to legend, their god, Huitzilopochtli, told them to establish a city of their own at a site where they would find an eagle eating a snake on the top of a cactus. The legend relates that the people saw the eagle on a small, swampy island in the middle of the shallow mexico lake. The Mexicans invented a resourceful system of gardening, called chinampas, which allowed them to grow small gardens, eventually drying out the lake. In 1325, they completed construction of a city there. That city, which they called Tenochtitlan, became the capital of the Aztec Empire.


Flag of the United Kingdom

The flag of the United Kingdom is the Union Flag or Union Jack. The Union Flag is the national flag of the United Kingdom. It has had the same design since the Act of Union 1800. The flag is made from the flags of the kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

There are different flags for use on land and at sea. The flag's measurements at sea are 1:2 (the flag is twice as long as it is wide). On land, it is normal for the flag's proportions to be 3:5.

The use of the flag started (with a different design) in 1606, after James VI and I became the first king of the whole of Great Britain in 1603. Between 1606 and 1801, the Union Flag's design was different to the present flag. At that time, the Kingdom of Ireland was a separate kingdom. (Between the execution of Charles I and the Restoration of Charles II, there was no personal union between Scotland and England, so the Union Flag was not necessary.) Scotland and England became the United Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. Anne, Queen of Great Britain, chose the Union Flag as the flag of the new kingdom. The United Kingdom and Ireland joined together in 1801. The use of the present British flag started then.

The first Union Flag from 1603 combined the flag of Scotland with the flag of England. The flag of Scotland is a Saint Andrew's Cross because Saint Andrew is the patron saint of Scotland. The flag of England is Saint George's Cross because Saint George is the patron saint of England. When the present United Kingdom started in 1801, the Saint Patrick's Cross started to be a part of the Union Flag. Saint Patrick's Cross was a flag representative of Ireland because Saint Patrick is the patron saint of Ireland. Saint Patrick's Cross is a red saltire (a diagonal cross) with a white background. The flag of Scotland is blue with a white saltire. The flag of England is white with a red horizontal cross. Together they make the Union Flag.

The flag did not change as result of the independence of the Republic of Ireland. The flag did not change when the United Kingdom's name changed from the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland" to the "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland". The flag does not contain anything that represents Wales. (In 1603, Wales had long been a part of the kingdom of England.) Some people want a new design because of this. 

The Union Jack has a legacy for flags, and some of the former colonies of Britain have this design on their own flags (i.e. Australia, Fiji, Hawaii, some provinces of Canada, etc.).

Tommy Tynan

Thomas Edward Tynan (born 17 November 1955) is an English retired professional footballer.

Lennie Lawrence

Lennie Lawrence (his real name is Robin Michael Lawrence) is an English former football manager.


Neil Warnock

Neil Warnock (born 1 December 1948) is an English football manager and former player who was most recently the manager of Championship club Huddersfield Town.









Individual

John Gregory

John Gregory (born 11 May 1954) is an English footballer turned manager. He has played for the England national team.

Aston Villa

Chennaiyin FC

Individual

Roberto Carlos

Roberto Carlos (born 10 April 1973) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team. He often plays left back.

68||5||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||68||5
30||5||2||1||2||1||34||7
370||47||33||4||111||16||514||67
66||5||9||2||27||2||102||9
534||62||44||7||140||19||718||88

!Total||125||11

Bob Wilson (footballer, born 1941)

Bob Wilson (born 30 October 1941) is a former football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

Arsenal

Individual

Sepp Maier

Sepp Maier (born 28 February 1944) is a former German football player. He played for Bayern Munich and the German national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

Bob Stokoe

Bob Stokoe (21 September 1930 – 1 February 2004) was an English footballer and football manager.

In 1955, he won an FA Cup winner's medal with Newcastle United.

Newcastle United

Blackpool

Sunderland

Lothar Matthäus

Lothar Herbert Matthäus (born 21 March 1961) is a former German football player. He has played for the German national team. He currently holds a record for the most appearances for the German team.

464||121
115||40
16||0
595||161

!Total||150||23

Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig

Field Marshal Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig (born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 19 June 1861, died in London on 29 January 1928) was a British Army general in World War I.

He was the senior commander of the British forces in France from 1915 until the end of the war. Most notably, he led them during the Battle of the Somme, the Third Battle of Ypres (Passchendaele), the Spring Offensive and the final Hundred Days Offensive.

Historians have often argued over whether Haig was a good general. In the years after the war, he was popular. After his death, some historians and politicians wrote books criticising Haig. They argued he made mistakes that led to a lot of casualties among British troops, especially at the Somme and Passchendaele; he has been nicknamed 'Butcher Haig' or 'the Butcher of the Somme'. David Lloyd George, the Prime Minister during the later years of the war, also did not agree with Haig. One of the best known books criticising Haig was Alan Clark's book "The Donkeys" (1961). This is known as the 'lions led by donkeys' view: the idea that Britain had great soldiers but bad generals.

All the same, some veterans, and academic historians have argued that Haig was a great general. For example, John Bourne notes that Haig helped the army use new weapons and technology. John Terraine argues that while the British Army lost a lot of men, this is not surprising given the size of the fighting, and other countries lost far more. Likewise, Gordon Corrigan argues that as a percentage of the population, Britain lost half as many people in the war as France and Germany.

John Charles

John Charles (27 December 1931 - 21 February 2004) was a Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

376||171
160||97
536||268

!Total||38||15

Martin Peters

Martin Stanford Peters (8 November 1943 – 21 December 2019) was an English footballer and manager. He played for England national team.

In 2016, it was announced that Peters had Alzheimer's disease. Peters died on 21 December 2019 in London from the disease at the age of 76.

West Ham

Tottenham

International


Dmitri Sychev

Dmitri Sychev is a Russian football player. He is currently playing for Lokomotiv-Kazanka Moscow. He has been called the "Russian Michael Owen" because of his fast pace and brilliant agility.

José Eulogio Gárate

José Eulogio Gárate is a former football player. He has played for Spain national team.

241||109
241||109
!Total||18||5

Shinji Ono

Ono was born in Numazu on September 27, 1979. After graduating from Shimizu Commercial High School, he joined J1 League club Urawa Reds in 1998. He became a regular player from first season and he was selected "Rookie of the Year". In summer 2001, he moved to Feyenoord of the Dutch Eredivisie. The club won the 2002 UEFA Cup. In January 2006, he returned to Urawa. The club won the champions in 2006 J1 League and 2007 AFC Champions League. In January 2008, he moved to Germany Bundesliga club Bochum. In January 2010, he returned to Japan and joined his local club Shimizu S-Pulse. In summer 2012, he moved to new club Western Sydney Wanderers in Australian A-League. In January 2014, he returned to Japan and joined J2 League club Consadole Sapporo (later "Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo"). The club won the champions and was promoted to J1. In summer 2019, he moved to J2 club FC Ryukyu. In 2021, he returned to Sapporo.

On April 1, 1998, when Ono was 18 years old, he debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He played also at the 1998 World Cup. In 1999, he played for the Japan U-20 national team at 1999 World Youth Championship. Japan won the 2nd place at the championship. In 2000, he was selected Japan for 2000 Asian Cup and won the champions. He played at 2001 Confederations Cup and 2002 which held in Japan. He played all matches both tournament and won the 2nd place at 2001 Confederations Cup. He also played at 2004 Summer Olympics as over aged player and 2006 World Cup. He played 56 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2008.

287||38||24||6||25||8||8||2||344||54
112||19||7||1||colspan="2"|-||29||3||148||23
29||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||32||0
47||9||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||6||1||53||10
475||66||34||7||25||8||43||6||577||87

!Total||56||6

Iker Casillas

Iker Casillas (born 20 May 1981) is a retired Spanish football player. He used to play for F.C. Porto and Spain national team.

Jamie Murphy

James Murphy (born 25 February 1973) is an English physiotherapist and former professional footballer. He played as a left-back.

Blackpool

List of presidents of Turkey

This is a complete list of presidents of Turkey. The list includes all eleven heads of state that lead the country after the Turkish War of Independence. For a list of rulers of the predecessor Ottoman Empire, see the Ottoman Dynasty.




Weightlifting

Weightlifting first started in the so-called Dark Ages of the human history. It was usually done by the strongest men in villages all over Europe. It was considered to be a sport for the lower classes, however since then it has changed into the sport for other people as well. It has been in the Olympic Games since 1896.
As a competitive sport, Weightlifting is controlled by the "International Weightlifting Federation" (IWF). Based in Budapest, it was founded in 1905.
The "snatch" is one of the two olympic weightlifting events. The essence of the event is to lift a barbell from the platform to locked arms overhead in a smooth continuous movement. The lift requires not only great strength, but mastery of technical skills, a high degree of shoulder flexibility, excellent balance, and speed.

The "clean and jerk" is another olympic weightlifting events. It is a highly technical lift that is known as "the king of lifts" because more weight can be lifted above one's head as compared to any other known weightlifting technique.



Mullet

A mullet is a kind of fish. Mullet often jump out of water. In recent years, "mullet" also came to be a slang word for a hairstyle that is short at the front and top, and long at the back. This slang word is said to have been started by Mike D of the Beastie Boys in 1995, and after 2000 was spread by a small group of people in San Francisco through the Internet.

Flag semaphore

Flag semaphore is a system of spreading information at a distance by using two flags. Information is told by the positions of the flags. Each set of positions has a meaning. 

Signalling uses two flags. The person signalling would often stand on a platform about 6-10ft (1.8 - 3m) above the ground. They would use a bright orange, red and white flag. This was a problem because it made it easier for the enemy to see them and shoot them. The newer system uses two short poles with square flags. The signalman holds one pole in each hand. The poles are held in one of eight possible directions. Except for in the "rest position", the flags do not cross over each other. Flags of different colours are used based on whether the signals are sent by sea or by land. At sea, the flags are coloured red and yellow. On land, they are white and blue. There is also a 'flag alphabet' which consists of many different coloured flags with different symbols on them. Japan has their own flag alphabet.



Asparagales

Asparagales is an order of flowering plants. The order must include the family Asparagaceae, but other families included in the order have varied markedly between different classifications. No one is sure, but it is supposed that this group of plants evolved between the late and early Cretaceous. But because of the difficult classification of the families, it is not entirely certain when they evolved. Asparagales have a many families, including Ashphodelaceae (Xanthorrhoeaceae), which includes daylilies and New Zealand flax.

Asparagaceae

Asparagaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants. Such a family has been recognized by quite a few taxonomists, but hardly universally: often the plants involved are treated as belonging to the family Liliaceae. 

Hesperocallis

Hesperocallis is a genus of flowering plants that includes a single species, Hesperocallis undulata, the desert lily, found in the desert areas of the southwest of North America.

"Hesperocallis" has traditionally been classified in Liliaceae but until recently its relationships have been unclear. Other classifications have included it in Hemerocallidaceae or Funkiaceae. In 1972, Hamilton Traub created the family Hesperocallidaceae with "Hesperocallis" as the sole included genus. The APG II system includes it in the family Asparagaceae in the order Asparagales in the monocots clade but allows for the optional segregation of Hesperocallidaceae as a monophyletic family when several other families are likewise segregated. Recent molecular systematic studies have confirmed a close relationship with "Agave" and its inclusion in family Agavaceae has been recommended (Pires et al. 2004).

Laurales

The Laurales are an order of flowering plants. They are a basal group of dicots. They are related to, and sometimes included in, the Magnoliales.

The order includes 85-90 genera from seven families of trees and shrubs. Most of the species are tropical and subtropical, though a few genera reach the temperate zone. The best known species in this order are those of the Lauraceae (for example bay laurel or "Laurus", cinnamon or "Cinnamomum", avocado or "Persea", and "Sassafras"), and the spice bush or "Calycanthus" of the Calycanthaceae.

The earliest lauraceous fossils are from the Cretaceous. It is possible that the ancient origin of this order is one of the reasons for its highly diverged morphology. Indeed, at present no one trait is known which would unify all the members of Laurales. This used to cause much argument among botanists about the correct limits of the order. The presently classification is based on recent molecular and genetic analysis.

Hasbro

Hasbro is an American toy company. It is one of the biggest toy and electronic audio game makers in the world (including board games), only Mattel is larger. Other companies competing are Supe Impulse and Moose Toys. Hasbro also makes "Monopoly", a popular board game. Their main office is in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, United States. The company is best known for their popular 1990's electronic audio game Bop It, which got re-designed in 2008 with a series of designs which one is released each year and kept using the same voice actor known as Buddy Rubino. Rubino never knew what a Bop It was, so he researched the game before doing the actual recordings for the toy. Hasbro has also joined up with many other companies such as Tiger Electronics who made the following audio games: Brain Warp (1997 and 2002), Brain Bash (1994), Brain Shift (1998) and Boogey Ball (1999/2000). They also make a popular memory game called Simon which involves memorizing flashing lights and sounds. A Harry Potter style Simon game was released in 2001. The game Simon Swipe invented by long time inventor Dan Klitsner was released in 2014 and was copyrighted and made in 2013. There is also a Micro Series version that was released in 2014. On October 12, 2021, Longtime Hasbro CEO Brian Goldner died.

Bay leaf

Bay leaf (plural bay leaves), (Greek "Daphni", Romanian "Foi de Dafin") is the aromatic leaf of several species of the Laurel family (Lauraceae). Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance. 


Ginger

Ginger is a flowering plant whose rhizome, ginger root or ginger, is used as a spice and a folk medicine.

It is a herbaceous perennial which grows annual pseudostems. These are false stems made of rolled leaves: about one meter tall with narrow leaf blades. The inflorescences come directly from the rhizome on separate shoots.

Ginger is used as a cooking spice throughout the world. The ginger plant has long been cultivated. It came from China and spread to India, Southeast Asia, West Africa, and the Caribbean.

Ginger is also a term used to describe a red-brown colour, as in ginger hair.

Revenue

Revenue (or revenues) is income that an organization receives from its normal business activities. In the case of a corporation this is usually from the sale of goods and services to customers. In the case of a government, revenue usually comes from various taxes. In addition to sale of goods and services, some companies also receive revenue from interest, dividends or royalties paid to them by other companies.

First and foremost, it's important to note that revenue isn't the same thing as profit. Profit represents what is left over after all expenses are subtracted from revenues (gross margin). It would be possible for a company to generate high levels of revenue without earning any profit at all. For example, if Company A makes $1 million in sales but incurs $2 million in costs, then Company A will have zero net profit (or alternatively negative net profits).

Net income

Net income is equal to the income that a company has after subtracting costs and expenses from the total revenue. Net income can be distributed among holders of common stock as a dividend or held by the firm as retained earnings.

It is computed as the residual of all revenues and gains less all expenses and losses for the period, and has also been defined as the net increase in shareholders' equity that results from a company's operations. It is different from gross income, which only deducts the cost of goods sold from revenue.

For households and individuals, net income refers to the (gross) income minus taxes and other deductions (e.g. mandatory pension contributions).

Real time (media)

Real time in a narrative is where the events in the story take the same amount of time to happen as they do for the audience to experience them. If a movie told in real time is two hours long, as in "Rope", then the plot of that movie covers two hours of fictional time. For example, in the TV series "24", an hour long episode represents an hour of events on the program.

Southern Cone

The term Southern Cone (, ) refers to a geographic region composed of the southernmost areas of South America, below the Tropic of Capricorn. Due to geographical affinities, natural, economic and social, the Southern Cone is usually understood as the region that includes all of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay, the southern states of Brazil (and sometimes part of São Paulo state, because have several features in common: proximity, the high rate of industrialization and urbanization and the high GDP). In rare exceptions - just because geographical reasons - sometimes also includes Paraguay and southern Bolivia, although both have fundamentally different characteristics of other countries (such as standards of living, industrialization, ethnicity, etc.)


1936–37 NHL season

The 1936–37 NHL season was the 20th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Eight teams each played 48 games. The Detroit Red Wings were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the New York Rangers three games to two in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"


William M. Jennings

William M. Jennings (December 14, 1920 – August 17, 1981) was an owner in the National Hockey League.

Born in New York, New York, Jennings was owner of the New York Rangers from 1959 until his death in 1981. The William M. Jennings Trophy was named in his honour. Jennings also helped initiate the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1966, which he would win in 1971. He was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1975, and the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1981.

Robert Esche

Robert Esche (born January 22, 1978 in Whitesboro, New York) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kontinental Hockey League's St. Petersburg SKA.


Played for the United States in:



Concussion

Concussion is an injury to the brain caused by being hit on the head, as often happens in motor vehicle collisions, fights or contact sports such as football. It is the most common form of traumatic brain injury. Related terms include mild brain injury, mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI), mild head injury (MHI), and minor head trauma. Patients with severe concussion are occasionally monitored in hospital. The main reason for this is the risk of bleeding in the brain, which can be life-threatening. 

Common symptoms of concussion include: headache, dizziness, fatigue, problems with vision, confusion and loss of consciousness. A person with a mild concussion may have nothing more than a headache or brief confusion. In more severe cases, symptoms tend to last longer, and may include loss of consciousness. Other associated symptoms are: worsening headache, inability to wake, dilation of the eyes, vomiting, nausea, loss of coordination and weakness of extremities. 

Symptoms may last less than a week in minor cases, but recovery from more severe concussions can take up to 4 weeks. The most common causes of concussions are accidents; in some cases, wearing a helmet can help prevent major damage. 

One often underreported symptom of concussion is aphasia.  Aphasia is the loss of ability to produce or understand speech; it is caused by brain damage.  Most of the important areas for speech and language are located in the left hemisphere. As such, patients who have concussions due to injury on the left side of the head could be more at risk for these symptoms. 

The most common kinds of aphasia associated with traumatic brain injury are amnestic aphasia and verbal paraphasia.  Amnesic aphasia, also known as anomia, is an issue with word finding where patients struggle to find words for objects that they once knew.  There is no impairment of comprehension associated with anomia. This can be especially challenging for students trying to return to school and professionals returning to work.  The second kind of aphasia associated with concussion is verbal paraphasia, the substitution of one word for another.  Typically, the substituted word will have a similar meaning as the word it replaces; e.g. substituting sock with shoe. 

As with most concussion symptoms, aphasia symptoms correlated with concussion typically get progressively better, as evidenced by a study done by Inger Vibeke Thomsen. Of the concussion patients studied that showed aphasia symptoms, only one patient had long term aphasia.  The others showed almost full recovery. 

The National Aphasia Association recognizes that concussions can cause aphasia.  In serious concussions, aphasia is a documented symptom and can be temporary or permanent.  This is correlated to injury of brain regions that are important for language production. However, traumatic brain injuries usually effect multiple areas of the brain, so other symptoms will also be present. The damage causing aphasia will usually be on the left side of the brain.

Mercury-in-glass thermometer

The mercury-in-glass thermometer was invented by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit in Amsterdam (1714). It is a bulb containing Mercury attached to a glass tube of narrow diameter. The volume of mercury in the tube is much less than the volume in the bulb. The volume of mercury changes slightly with temperature. The small change in volume drives the narrow mercury column up the tube. The space above the mercury may be filled with nitrogen or it may be at less than atmospheric pressure, a partial vacuum. 

Mercury cannot be used to measure temperatures lower than -39˚C (as mercury freezes at that point) or temperature higher than 356.7˚C (the boiling point of mercury). Mercury has been replaced largely by alcohol for use in thermometers. Ethanol is cheaper and safer than mercury and can be used as low as -80˚C. However, ethanol boils at 78°C (172.4°F), which means its upper limit is much lower than mercury thermometers.

Language reform

Language reform is a type of language planning. Language reforms make big changes to a language. These changes are usually done to make a language simpler to understand or to write. Sometimes changes are done to make the language purer; that is, to get rid of foreign parts of the language, or to get rid of parts of the language that are not grammatical.

Simplification makes the language easier to use. It tries to regularise spelling, vocabulary, and grammar. Purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure.

Sometimes language reforms were done to unite the people speaking the language. For this reason, many language reforms happened in 19th century Europe when there was a rise of nationalist movements.

The most common form of language reform involves changing the orthography of words. This is known as spelling reform. The grammar of a language also may be changed to simplify inflection, syntax, vocabulary and word formation. English for example uses many different prefixes that mean "the opposite of", like "un-", "in-/im-", "a(n)-", "de-". A language reform might suggest using only one prefix to mean "the opposite of", for example "un-". On top of this, there are words such as "good" and "bad" that roughly mean the opposite of each other, but would be better (in terms of simplicity) portrayed as "good" and "ungood", so the word "bad" is not part of the language anymore.

Another good example of what language simplification can do is the word "flammable". Flammable means that something can catch fire easily. Originally the word was "inflammable", from Latin "inflammare" - put something on fire. "In-" is also a prefix that can mean "the opposite of", like with "transparent", "intransparent". Today most instructions use "flammable" rather than "inflammable", in order not to confuse people that the "in-" in this case does not mean the opposite of.

Several major world languages have been subject to big spelling reforms: French (in the 16th, 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries), Spanish (in the 18th century), Portuguese (in 1910, in Portugal, and in 1946 and 1972, in Brazil), German (in 1901/02 and 1996/98) and Russian (in 1728 and 1919).

Some people feel that it is bad to change a language. They want to keep a language the way it is now, or they want to take back changes to the language that have been done earlier. Sometimes, purism can make a language more complex, because people add false etymologies:

Examples of language reforms are:



Beaufort scale

The Beaufort scale is a scale for measuring wind speeds. It is based on observation rather than accurate measurement. It is the most widely used system to measure wind speed today. The scale was developed in 1805 by Francis Beaufort, an officer of the Royal Navy and first officially used by HMS Beagle.

There are twelve levels, plus 0 for "no wind". From 1946 to 1970, there were also beaufort levels 13 to 17. All of them were labelled as "Hurricane". Because they were only used in special cases, they are no longer in use internationally. China, and Taiwan still use them, because they often have typhoons. 

The wave heights given are for waves on the open ocean, not near the shore.

The Douglas Sea Scale and Douglas Wind Scale are similar, but they separate the sea from the wind.


The Wheel of Time

The Wheel of Time is a long running fantasy series of novels written by American author Robert Jordan. The first in the series, "The Eye of the World" was published in 1990, and the last, "A Memory of Light", was published in 2009. Jordan died while he was writing the last book, so it was finished by Brandon Sanderson. "A Memory of Light" was split into three parts as the book length was too long.


Robert Jordan

Robert Jordan (October 17, 1948 – September 16, 2007) was the pen or writing name of the American fantasy author James Oliver Rigney Jr. He was most famous for writing the long, epic fanasy series "The Wheel of Time". He died from amyloidosis before he was able to finish the series. The last volume "A Memory of Light" was split into three and was completed by fellow American fantasy writer Brandon Sanderson.

"The Wheel of Time" is an epic fantasy series that centers around Rand al'Thor, a young man destined to be the Dragon Reborn, the savior figure of the story. The Dragon Reborn is prophesied to lead the forces of the Light (the forces of good) to fight the Dark One (the main antagonist) at the Last Battle.



Brian Burke

Brian Thomas Burke (born 25 February 1947) was the 23rd Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988. He was from the Labor Party. He worked as a journalist before becoming a politician. As Premier he was popular at first but later on his government was involved in a number of private companies that failed. He resigned to become an ambassador. During the 1990s he was convicted of committing crimes while he was Premier and spent time in prison. 

Ray O'Connor

Raymond James O'Connor (6 March 1926 - 25 February 2013) was the 22nd Premier of Western Australia from 25 January 1982 until 25 February 1983. He was from the Liberal Party. He became Premier when Charles Court resigned. Later he was convicted of fraud and spent time in prison.

Charles Court

Sir Charles Walter Michael Court (29 September 1911 – 22 December 2007) was the 21st Premier of Western Australia from 8 April 1974 to 25 January 1982. He was from the Liberal Party. He became a politician in 1953. His son, Richard, was also a Premier.

Chang'an

Chang'an was the capital of ancient China of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history. Chang'an literally means "Perpetual Peace" in Classical Chinese. During the Xin Dynasty, the city was renamed "Constant Peace"; yet after its fall in the year 23 AD, the old name was restored. During the Ming Dynasty, the name was changed to its present name Xi'an, meaning "Western Peace".

The imperial city of Chang'an during the Han Dynasty was in northwest of today's Xi'an. During the Tang Dynasty, the area to be known as Chang'an included the area inside the Ming Xi'an fortification, plus some small areas to its east and west, and a major part of its southern suburbs. The Tang Chang'an was 8 times the size of the Ming Xi'an. During this time Chang'an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world. Around 750 A.D. Chang'an was called a "million people's city" in Chinese records, while modern estimates put it at around 800,000–1,000,000 within city walls.

In 710, the grid of Japan's capital city at Heijō-kyō was planned to mirror the grid of Chang'an. In 794, the plan of the new capital at Heian-kyō also mirrored the Chang'an design.



John Tonkin

John Trezise Tonkin (2 February 1902 – 20 October 1995) was the 20th Premier of Western Australia from 3 March 1971 to 8 April 1974. He was from the Labor Party.

He was born in Boulder City in 1902. Educated in local schools Tonkin became a teacher in rural Western Australia. An active member of the Labor Party, he was Prime Minister John Curtin's campaign manager for the 1943 election. He was elected to the Western Australian parliament for the seat of North East Fremantle (1933–1950), and for the seat of Melville (1950–1977). He was a Cabinet Minister (1943–1947), Deputy Premier (1953–1959), Leader of the Opposition (1967–1971 and 1974–1976), and Premier (1971–1974). He retired from parliament in 1977 and died in 1995.

Albert Tonkin, born in Boulder, Western Australia, in 1902, became a teacher after attending Claremont Teachers College. He married Rosalie Maud Cleghorn in 1926 and later moved to Perth, where he taught and studied accounting.

David Brand

Sir David Brand (1 August 1912 – 15 April 1979) was the 19th Premier of Western Australia from 2 April 1959 to 3 March 1971. He was from the Liberal Party.

Albert Hawke

Albert ("Bert") Redvers George Hawke (3 December 1900 – 14 February 1986) was the 18th Premier of Western Australia from 23 February 1953 to 2 April 1959. He was from the Labor Party. His nephew, Bob, became Prime Minister of Australia in the 1980s.

Ross McLarty

Sir Duncan Ross McLarty (17 March 1891 – 22 December 1962) was the 17th Premier of Western Australia from 1 April 1947 to 23 February 1953. He was from the Liberal Party.

Frank Wise

Frank Joseph Scott Wise (30 May 1897 – 29 June 1986) was the 16th Premier of Western Australia from 31 July 1945 to 1 April 1947. He was from the Labor Party.

Wise was born in Queensland and after finishing high school he became a tropical fruit farmer. He joined the Queensland Department of Agriculture, and later moved to Western Australia to work with the WA Department of Agriculture. He brought banana plants from Queensland to grow in the Gascoyne region around Carnarvon. He was elected to the Western Australian parliament in 1933 and became the Minister for Agriculture in 1936.

He became Premier of Western Australia after John Willcock resigned in 1945. His government was defeated in the 1947 election. He then became Leader of the Opposition for four years. He resigned from parliament in 1951 to become the Administrator of the Northern Territory.

Early modern Europe

The early modern period is a term used by historians for the period in Western Europe and its first colonies which spans the three centuries between the Middle Ages and the Industrial Revolution.

The early modern period is characterized by the rise to importance of science and technological progress, civic politics and the nation state. Capitalism began its rise, beginning in northern Italian republics such as Genoa. The early modern period also saw the rise and dominance of the economic theory of mercantilism. As such, the early modern period represents the decline and eventual disappearance, in much of the European sphere, of feudalism, serfdom and the power of the Catholic Church.

The period includes the Protestant Reformation, the Thirty Years' War, the European colonization of the Americas and the peak of the European hunt of witches.

The beginning of the early modern period is not clear-cut, but is generally accepted to be in the late 15th century or early 16th century. Significant dates in this phase from medieval to early modern Europe are:


The end date of the early modern period is associated with the Industrial Revolution, which began in Britain in about 1750, or the beginning of the French Revolution in 1789, which drastically transformed the state of European politics.

Among the most important political changes of this time are the abolition of serfdom and the change of kingdoms into nation-states. Then the Reformation, that meant that Christendom was no unified entity any more. Many kings and rulers used this radical shift in the understanding of the world to further consolidate their sovereignty over their territories. For instance, many of the Germanic states (as well as English Reformation) converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the power of the Pope.

The intellectual developments of the period included the creation of the economic theory of mercantilism and the publication of works of political and social philosophy, such as Machiavelli's "The Prince" (1513) and Thomas More's "Utopia" (1515).

The expression "early modern" is sometimes, and incorrectly, used as a substitute for the term Renaissance. However, "Renaissance" is properly used in relation to a diverse series of cultural developments; which occurred over several hundred years in many different parts of Europe—especially central and northern Italy—and span the transition from late Medieval civilization and the opening of the early modern period.

The term early modern is most often applied to Europe, and its overseas empire. However, in Japan, the Edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period.




