Nudity

Nudity (or nakedness) is when a human is not wearing clothing.

Humans evolved to be mostly hairless. All other primates have fur. During prehistoric times, humans continued to be fully naked when it was warm, using animal skins when it was cool. Before clothing, humans decorated their bodies with jewelry, paint, tattoos, and scars. They made belts and bags to carry tools. They made masks and disguises to be less visible while hunting. When they moved out of Africa, people used the same crafts to make things to cover their bodies, not only to protect them from the cold but also from the dust and sun of the desert.

Humans wear decorations and clothes as nonverbal communication. It shows their personality and group membership. In the modern world, there are many rules about nudity. Traditional Jewish, Christian, and Muslim people dress with modesty. They are never without clothes in places where other people can see them. This does not include their spouses or family members of the same gender.

Naturists believe being nude is good for health and well-being. Nudity is a normal part of everyday life for sports and play in the Netherlands, Scandinavia, and Germany. 

With so many ways of thinking about nudity, there are also many words to use. In English, "nude" and "naked" both mean being unclothed, but sometimes have different meanings. "Nude" is from Norman French. "Naked" is from Anglo-Saxon. Being naked may mean not being fully dressed. "Stark naked" means to have no clothes at all. Being nude is more about the social meaning of not having clothes. There are euphemisms for nudity such as "birthday suit,"  "in the altogether," and "in the buff." Partial nudity usually does not cover parts of the body thought of as sexual. This includes the buttocks and the female breasts.

"Functional nudity" is when a person is nude by necessity, such as when group bathing or changing clothes in a locker room. A similar idea is called "contextual nudity, which says" that nudity may be normal only at a particular time and place, such as during medical treatment.

"The nude" is used to talk about unclothed people in works of art. In 1956, art historian Kenneth Clark wrote a book, "The Nude: A Study in Ideal Form," in which he says the nude in art may be beautiful, but being naked in real life is embarrassing. In 1972, artist and art critic John Berger said almost the opposite: that the nude in art is voyeurism, but being naked in real life is to be one's true self. 

The loss of body hair was one of a group of adaptations that are part of human evolution. Modern humans evolved in Africa from hunter-gatherers in terrain different from where hominins had lived before. There were fewer trees and more exposure to the Sun. Sweat drying on bare skin cooled the body better when hunting for food, so less hairy hominins survived. Against this is the awkward fact that almost no other mammals in tropical regions are so naked of hair, especially those that live in the open.

Because the brain produces a lot of heat, better cooling of the body favors an increase in brain size. Early humans had learned to make tools and weapons, those with larger brains made them better. On the other hand, human heads are more vulnerable. In adapting to running and carrying weapons, humans became fully upright. Being upright was good for mothers to carry their babies, who no longer had fur to cling to. Being smarter and having their hands free, humans could also make better tools. It's doubtful. though, whether that is any different from apes. Intelligence is a better reason. Being upright also reduced Sun exposure except for the top of the head, which remained covered with hair. Skin became darker as protection from the Sun.

Humans with modern bodies first existed between 350,000 and 260,000 years ago. They were large-brained, walked upright, had dark skin, and were naked. Modern human behaviors, such as making art, burying the dead, and wearing clothes began at least 100,000 years later. These behaviors were the beginnings of human culture.
One of the earliest works of art known is the Venus of Willendorf, a small statuette of a nude woman. The face of the woman is not visible. The belly of the woman as well as her breasts are exaggerated. It is not known what the statuette meant to the people who made it, or what importance it had.

There are many questions about the beginnings of clothing because little remains of the plant and animal materials used for clothing many thousands of years ago. What has been found are the stone and bones tools and some of the things made with them. An example is the shells with holes made to string into a necklace. Making string and a tool to make a small hole are some of the same technology needed to make clothing.

Humans migrated out of Africa during periods of warmer weather. During the last ice age, clothing was needed to survive in some of these places. Close-fitting clothes that hold in the heat of the body could not be made until people had the tools needed. The first sewing needles were found with the remains of cro-magnon people who lived about 40,000 years ago.

Another way of dating the origin of clothing is based upon the genetic difference between human head lice and the lice that live in clothing. A study shows that wearing clothes most of the time may have begun between 83,000 years ago and 170,000 years ago. This could mean that the use of clothing began before migration out of Africa, allowing humans to do so.

Clothing has become the customary covering for humans, but not for everyone at all times. In prehistory, clothes were worn only when needed to stay warm. Hunter-gatherers in the topics were naked most of the time, and are today in the remaining isolated communities.

Before clothing, people had ornamented their bodies with jewelry, scarification, tattoos, and body painting. Different ornaments and clothing showed both individuality and group membership. More and better clothing and ornaments were worn by people in higher positions in society. For many thousands of years, humans lived in tribes of about 150 individuals. They rarely met strangers. When populations grew, people began living in contact with larger groups. They met others that they did not know. The difference between private and public places began. Clothing and ornamentation worn in public became important to show others who they were and their position in the society.

At the end of prehistory, between 7 and 9 thousand years ago, people began to settle in one place, becoming the first civilizations. As civilizations became larger, clothing became more important to show social position. A Roman citizen wore a toga in public but was nude at the public baths. Not dressing properly might be uncomfortable, but not shameful. Only members of the Abrahamic religions; Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
believed that everyone feels shame about nudity and sex.

Early civilizations valued the naked body. Many made images of their deities as perfect humans without clothing. In Ancient Greek mythology, although male gods ruled, goddesses were the source of life. Gaia was mother of the titan Prometheus who created man out of mud, and the goddess Athena breathed life into his creation. The creation story of the Abrahamic religions begins with nudity as innocence that becomes shame with knowledge of good and evil. In present Western cultures, with both the Greek and Abrahamic history, nudity is thought of as shameful by some but by others as natural, innocent and beautiful.

In the earliest civilizations with warm climates, only people of high social positions would be clothed at all times in public. The average person in Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt owned a single piece of cloth that was wrapped or tied to cover the genitals. Both men and women would be bare-chested and barefooted. Herders, fishermen, and others would be naked while doing work that was hot, dirty, or wet. Those of low social position and slaves might have no clothing. Children would be naked until about age 12. It was not until the New Kingdom of Egypt that upper-class women wore dresses and ornamentation which covered their breasts. This clothing is often shown in movies and television as representing ancient Egypt in all periods.
Many think the ancient Greeks were often nude, but public nudity was only for religious events. Most famous are the Ancient Olympics, at which the male athletes were nude. It was not until the 5th Century BC that Spartan women were bare-chested or nude for sports.

In stories written in China as early as the fourth century BC, nudity is an insult to human dignity. The belief was that "humanness" in Chinese society is earned by correct behavior.

Modern colonialism and racism began when Christian and Muslim people more often had contact with Indigenous peoples of the tropics. In his diaries, Christopher Columbus writes that the people of Guanahaní in the Bahamas were entirely naked, and gentle. He also thought that they were less than fully human, and could be exploited. This led to the stereotype of the "naked savage".

At first Islam was limited to large towns. In other places paganism continued. Traveling in Mali in the 1350s, Muslim traveler Ibn Battuta was shocked by the nudity of female slaves and servants at the court of Sultans.

European explorers in the 17th century viewed the lack of clothing they found in Africa and Oceania as showing a lower state of nature. Colonizers valued nudity in art but thought nakedness in daily life was evidence of racial inferiority. Depictions of naked savages became popular in European in the 18th century in stories of Pacific island women with bare breasts.

Non-western peoples during the period were naked only by Western standards, the lower body of adults were covered most of the time. Lacking the idea of shame, clothing might be removed in public for useful or symbolic purposes. Children and sometimes women until marriage might be naked as having "nothing to hide". Indigenous peoples of North America also did not think of sexuality or nudity with shame. European colonizers found that Natives thought premarital and extramarital sex, homosexuality, and cross-dressing were normal. This increased their efforts to convert Natives to Christianity. However, thinking of others as less than human could be used to justify conquest and removal.

Gender differences in nudity are shown from the beginning of history. In the first civilizations, male gods and heroes were naked. Female deities and goddesses were nude or clothed, depending upon the religious meaning they represented. In Ancient Greek art and in life, male nudity represented freedom, masculinity, privilege, and physical virtues. In the later Hellenistic period, nude women began appearing on vases in passive activities, such as bathing. With the beginning of the Christianity, women's bodies became a threat to civilized behavior that must be covered. Male nudity was of lesser importance, and might be necessary for hard labor.
Thinking women are more modest, more of the female body is covered in everyday life than the male. However, it is only in modern times that nudity includes the female breasts. Breasts were thought of first for feeding babies and were symbolic of loving kindness. It was not until the 17th century in Europe that women always had to cover their breasts in public.

Women breastfeeding in public is now protected as a legal right in many countries. In others, it is forbidden. In where public breastfeeding is allowed, mothers might not do so because other people may object. Soon after becoming Pope, Francis supported women's right to breastfeed in church.

From 1860 to 1937 men in the US and UK wore bathing suits that covered the chest in places where women were present. When only other men or boys were present, being nude was usual for swimming and bathing until the end of the 20th century. Poor and working class men and boys swam nude in any river, pond, or lake. Women and girls either did not swim or went in the water dressed because it was thought that they must be modest at all times. When indoor pools were first built in the 1880s male nude swimming continued until the 1960s, when pools became coed.

Each culture, or "way of life" of a group of people is unique. However, there are things that are shared by all humans but in different ways. Anthropology studies different cultures side by side, showing both what they have in common and how they differ. These common things and their differences are the "dimensions of culture". An example is the value placed on individuals or groups. Some cultures place a high value on individuality, while other cultures place a high value on community. This is the cultureal dimension of "individualism and collectivism". Cultures are usual somewhere between the two ends of a dimensiom.

In thinking about nudity, an important dimension of culture is "private-public" and the behavior that is normal in each.

People wear different amounts of clothing in private places than in public. Semi-public nudity may be necessary, such as when changing clothes or showering after work or exercise. Usual behavior when nude with others include respect for personal space and the separation of genders. In the 21st century, this everyday, non-sexual nudity has become uncomfortable. Changing ideas of gender and sexuality threaten the idea of separating the sexes. Digital photography threatens keeping any behavior private. At the same time, modern media contain more images of sexualized nudity. There are fewer ways to learn that nudity is not always sexual. There are fewer places to see ordinary people naked and learn what is normal.
People vary in their comfort with private nudity. A 2018 survey in the US found that 65% of millennials slept in the nude. Thirty-nine percent of baby boomers slept in the nude. In a 2014 UK survey, 51% of men and 31% of women felt comfortable nude. 26% of men and 17% of women walked about the house nude when no one else was home.

Body image is the thoughts and feelings of a person has about their own body. In Western cultures, women often want to be thinner, men more muscular. In non-western cultures, body image has a different meaning. In some societies people think of themselves as part of a group, not as individuals. Where getting enough food is a problem growing thinner is seen as unhealthy. Westernization of cultures has resulted in an increase in body dissatisfaction worldwide.

Naturists have long claimed social nudity leads to a better body image. Naturism has not often been studied objectively, but psychologist Keon West of Goldsmiths, University of London found that social nudity reduced body anxiety and increased well-being. People with a poor body image improved after a nude social activity.
In research by Gordon and Schroeder many differences in parental nudity were found from family to family. According to them, "there is nothing (..) wrong with bathing with children or otherwise appearing naked in front of them". Bath time can be a chance for parents to teach children about their bodies and the bodies of others. They say that by ages five to six, children begin to become modest, and recommend being sensitive to their children's wishes. Barbara Bonner recommends against nudity in the home if children are showing troublesome sexual behaviour. In a 1995 Paul Okami found nothing negative in parental nudity. Three years later, his team found that, if anything, seeing parents nude had some good effects, especially for boys.

Most of the places where people are nude with others are semi-private. Access is limited usually by gender (men or women only), by age (as in schools), or other factors. Most of the places for practicing naturism are semi-private, limited by membership or entry fees. There are both written rules and informal expectations that must be observed. When an entire society understands naturism, as in Germany, clothing-optional areas within public spaces become semi-private.

In places so isolated that there is little chance of being seen it has been understood to be safe for nudity. This includes "skinny dipping" in any body of water, and hiking in the wild. In the United States there is no law against nudity in national parks. When locations become a problem new laws have been passed.

Until recently, it was thought children had no sexual feelings, and that the nudity of children was innocent.

Very young children want to be nude, not only at home but where others can see. They touch their own bodies and look at the bodies of others. This is part of growing up, with normal behavior at each age. Parents and caregivers need to understand these changes as normal to set boundaries on behavior without teaching shame. Signs of problems include children of very different ages touching. Children need to be taught that it is never okay for an older person to touch some of their body parts. A 2018 study of Danish childcare found disagreement between caregivers who wanted to continue allowing normal childhood nudity and administrators who have begun to worry about charges of sexual abuse being made.

It is normal for children to be naked at home, including outdoors, when visitors are present. Parents who see nothing wrong with this may allow it, accepting that most children become more modest as they near puberty. In the United States, other adults may not approve, creating problems. Problems include the nude child's playmates also removing their clothes, which the other parents might not want.

In northern Europe, children play outdoors nude in public parks and fountains. Travel writer Rick Steves writes "When the sun's out, Scandinavian parks are packed. ...American visitors will notice a lot of nudity — topless women and naked kids." In sub-Saharan Africa, it is normal for boys and girls in rural areas to play together nude until puberty.

The naturist point of view is that children are "nudists at heart" and that naturism provides the healthiest environment for growing up. Modern psychology agrees that children can benefit from an open environment where the bodies of others their own age of both sexes are not a mystery. However, there is less agreement regarding children and adults other than parents being nude together.

Until the 1990s in the United States, public swimming pools such as at the YMCA allowed parents to bring young children into the changing rooms. The children could see adults and other children of either sex nude. There was sometimes no specific age limit for the children, but in some places up to age 6. Soon after, rules were changed allowing only same-sex use of changing rooms. At some places today, family changing rooms have been added.

In the United States, male nudity was required when indoor pools were first built at the end of the 19th century. Some were built by city governments, others by the YMCA. In the 20th century, schools began to build pools. Indoor pools were more common in northern states than in the south. Boys and girls had separate classes, so the boys swam nude while the girls usually wore suits. Male nudity was nationwide due to rules from public health organizations about indoor pools. The cleanliness of the pool water was given as the reason. Women's suits were made of cotton, which could be boiled to kill germs. Men's suits were made of wool, which would shrink if boiled. In the early years, fibers from wool suits clogging pool filters were also given as a reason. Bathing suits were allowed only for public competitions. Young boys might be nude while competing in public. Clothed girls and women sometimes attended boys' team practices. Women sometimes coached boy's teams. Male nudity continued until mixed-gender classes were allowed, and slowly stopped in the US when gender equality became law with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. In the 21st century, public male nude swimming is largely forgotten, or denied having ever existed.

Bathing is known for its benefits to health and well-being. Many societies also bathe for purification before or after other activities. Nude bathing in natural hot springs, steam rooms, and sweat lodges have existed since the Stone Age, and are found worldwide. Public bathing is not always "open to the general public". There are fees, and rules that are understood before entry. Often there is separation by gender, but not always. In Finland and Germany, mixed gender bathing or using a sauna nude is a social activity. The Japanese idea of hadaka no tsukiai, or spending time together naked, means classmates, teammates, fellow employees, families or neighbors spend time together naked for social bonding. Usually, this is while bathing at a bathhouse or onsen. As the 21st century proceeds, almost no bathhouses in Japan are mixed gender. South Korean bathhouses (Jjimjilbang) have always been gender-segregated, but nudity is required. Although there may be local differences, in the United States, it is generally understood that nudity is not allowed in public saunas. This includes being wrapped only in a towel. Instead, the rules are only about what to wear, bathing suits or loose clothing. This is true even though most US saunas are in the single-sex areas.

Until recently in Western cultures, showering after sports with others of the same sex was expected or required. In the 21st century, students in the US and UK avoid showering with their classmates. Locker rooms in American fitness clubs are installing private showers and changing rooms for millennials.

In different counties and localities, public nudity is a matter of common understanding of proper behavior. More often, prohibitions regarding exposing the body are written into law. The basic prohibition is outlawing exposure of the genitals in public except where it is specifically allowed. The violation is often called indecent exposure or public indecency. Public exposure of breasts, or specifically the nipples, is often included in the legal definition. Most violations are considered minor but may be crimes when there is intent to cause distress or harm to the person viewing the nudity. Serious crime is assumed when the target of the exposure is a child. Intent is difficult to establish but is assumed when a single individual exposes their genitals suddenly to strangers in a public place. This is often called "flashing". Such exposure may be a sign of exhibitionism, a mental disorder marked by feelings of pleasure in exposing oneself.

Some countries allow nudity for recreation. People swim nude at "clothing optional" beaches. Often the beaches are public property owned by local or national government. It is not as common in the United States and Canada as in Europe. It is common on the Mediterranean. 

There are other types of nude recreation. There are some nude bicycle tours and nude hiking. Nude hiking in the Alps is popular with German tourists. In 2009, Appenzell Innerrhoden, a small Swiss canton, voted to stop nude hiking, imposing a fine.

Nudity in public may also be allowed depending upon the openness of a society to individual expression. Exceptions are limited to specific times, places, or other factors. Nudity that is part of artistic performance, political protest, or events such as Carnival may have their own rules.

The brief public exposure of parts of the body as a form of expression has a long history. Running through a public area naked is called "streaking". Streaking was popular in the 1970s, and has become a tradition at a few university events. Exposing the buttocks or "mooning" an enemy before battle was recorded in ancient Rome.

"Naturism" (or "nudism") is a cultural and political movement which began at the end of the 19th century. Followers of this movement think that nudity, both in public as well as in private, has many benefits. Some naturist activists seek opening public recreation areas to nudity. Others groups practice naturism within privately owned camping grounds or resorts. Private places might only allow certain people to enter. It is common to only let families join, making for a safer environment for children.

The International Naturist Federation (INF) has members in forty countries. The INF definition of naturism is "Naturism is a way of life in harmony with nature characterised by the practice of communal nudity with the intention of encouraging self-respect, respect for others and for the environment." This definition has been basically the same since the INF began in 1974.

Some people use nudity as a form of direct protest, or to attract attention to a cause not related to nudity.

In the United States, a direct protest has been women seeking the same right to be bare-chested as men. Advocates call this "topfreedom" rather than being topless. In a few local cases, this has succeeded in changing laws to allow topfree sunbathing as non-sexual, but have failed to gain full equality with men.

When the city of San Francisco, California banned nudity after many years of allowing it, there were nude protesters.

People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) had a protest for animal rights, "I'd rather go naked than wear fur." which was so effective in reducing the use of fur in fashion that it ended after 30 years, declaring victory. At first there were naked people protesting in front of clothing stores, but changed to ads by famous people. The Femen group demonstrates topless to call attention to a number of feminist issues. The World Naked Bike Rides are done annually in many cities in the world to protest dependence on automobiles and fossil fuels.

In any culture where being naked is shameful, being deprived of clothing can be used as punishment or torture. An example happened during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 by the United States and its allies. Members of the United States Army Reserve tortured prisoners at Abu Ghraib. Photographs were circulated that showed prisoners nude and in degrading positions.

Cultural differences are based upon thoughts and behaviors that operate below the level of awareness. Emotions about being nude or seeing others nude are one set of responses. People from another culture think only in terms of their own culture, and find it difficult to understand any other way of thinking. This occurs not only for distant cultures, but also those with much in common. Americans define privacy in terms of visual space. Private, or personal space means not being seen by others. Americans think anyone nude where they can be seen has "no reasonable expectation of privacy". Americans think seening someone nude in their own home through a window is "public indecency" subject to legal action.

For Europeans, privacy is defined by a personal sense of dignity that each individual carries with them. Europeans can keep this dignity while nude on a crowded beach. This sense of privacy comes from belief that nudity is not always sexual. Europeans have the shared norm that sunbathing and swimming are not sexual. They respect others privacy by not looking directly at anyone when they are naked.

Between Western and non-Western cultures, differences are greater. Many members of Western societies think that all humans feel shame when naked, or should. The unashamed behavior of children and indigenous peoples shows that shame is learned. Living in a climate perfectly suited to humans means growing up with few clothes or none, learning they have nothing to be ashamed of. Adults in these societies dress, but are nude when it make sense to them. Colonialism continues in other ways. Religious people seek to change other cultures to live according Western beliefs. Other western travelers visit tropical counties to see people living in what they think of as simple ways of the past.

In counties that follow Islamic law, modesty (Hijab) is demanded. There are five schools of Islamic law. In the least strict women in public must cover their bodies except hands and face. Clothing must also be loose and solid, showing nothing of the body. The belief is that non-mehram "(unknown)" men cannot control sexual thoughts when seeing any part of a woman's body. Rules of modesty include men as well, but they need to only cover themselves from navel to knees. Not doing so may be thought badly of, but it is not a crime. In some Arabic countries, women wear the Niqāb, which also covers the face, leaving only a slit for the eyes. A woman's hands are also kept out of sight as much as possible. Worn mostly in Afghanistan, the burqa adds a screen over the slit, hiding the eyes. Muslim women who are against these rules may be imprisoned. In Iran, Mahsa Amini died after being arrested by "morality police" for not covering her hair correctly. This was followed by protests against the government that continued for a few months. A report by the Iranian Forensic Organisation stated that Amini died of illness due to a childhood condition rather then any beatings or blows. The Iranian government also states that the protests were started by outsiders, not Iranian women.

Some Christians have rules of dress close to Islam, but dresses need only reach below the knees and be very modest.
The cultures and peoples of Africa are divided between north and south by the Sahara desert. Humanity originated in Southern Africa.

North Africa is mainly desert, hot and dry. The indigenous clothing is light, loose fabric covering the entire body, protecting it from sun and blowing sand, but allowing for cooling breezes. This style of dress has not changed for thousands of years. Most of the peoples in the region are Muslim. The style of dress also matches the Islamic rules of modesty.

Sub-Saharan Africa is more varied in climate. Present day clothing is highly influenced by colonialism, both Christian and Islamic. Islamic counties in the south, Somalia, Djibouti, Comoros and Mauritania observe the rules of modesty.

Dressing Africans in European clothes to cover their nakedness was part of converting them to Christianity.<ref name="Hansen/2004"></ref> In Christian countries today, European dress is normal in cities. Indigenous styles have been adapted for Western modesty, especially for women.
In rural areas, some tribes continue to be nude according to tradition. Some tribes are returning to pre-colonial dress for some events. In certain Togolese tribal areas, it is common for big families to not wear any clothes at all for certain festivities. Others do not wear any clothes below the waist. This makes it possible for young men to see women and girls whom they may marry. Stick-fighting tournaments are very popular places to do this. The Ugandan Kavirondo tribes are a mix of Bantu and Nilotic immigrants. Traditionally, they went mostly naked. Over time, the men began wearing clothing similar to men in western culture.

In much of Asia, traditional clothing covers as much of the body as in Europe. However, the emotion felt in being improperly dressed is social embarrassment, not shame about sex.

The mixed gender bathing culture of Japan is not thought of as public nudity, but private in the context of a communal culture. In world surveys of how likely people are to be nude on a beach, Japan is lowest at 4%. During the Meiji era (1868–1912) there had been attempts to eliminate Japan's normal states of undress due to leader's concerned with Japan's international reputation. Although often ignored, the law against public undress had the effect of sexualizing the body where it had not been erotic.
In India, some members of the Hindu and Jain religions reject all worldly possessions, including clothing.

For a thousand years after the fall of the Roman Empire, proper behavior in Europe was defined by the Catholic Church. The church disapproved of sexual behavior outside of marriage, but was more tolerant of nudity than other Abrahamic religions. Sexual segregation was expected, but not required. Everyone other than the upper classes lived in close quarters and had more tolerance for functional nudity, sleeping and bathing without privacy. Until the Carolingian era Christians were baptized naked to show that they emerged without sin. Small groups of Christians held worship services in the nude, reclaiming the innocence of man before the fall.

The nude had been a subject of European art since the ancient Greeks, which continued in the Roman era. With the rise of Christianity, nudity almost disappeared from art during the Middle Ages except for Biblical stories such as Adam and Eve. Symbolic nudity in the fine arts increased in the Renaissance with paintings and sculpture based upon classical mythology and Biblical scenes. The rediscovery of ancient Greek culture had increased the conflicting views of nudity as good or bad.

It was leaders of the Protestant Reformation that thought nudity itself was sinful as a temptation for sexual behavior. Renaissance nude art was destroyed, or genitals were covered.

The cultural division between northern and southern Europe can be traced to the sauna. Various methods of cleaning the body by wet or dry heat (causing sweating) are found worldwide. In Finland, almost everyone has access to a sauna. Sharing a sauna with others of all sexes and ages widens the definition of private nudity. Communal bathing breaks the connection between nudity and sexual activity, which is assumed by other cultures. Instead, modesty is in behavior, such as not calling attention to one's own body, and not staring at others.

In the United Kingdom, nudity may be allowed if there is no sexual display intended to cause alarm to the viewer, or create a public disturbance.

Southern Europe views nudity differently than the north. Catholic attitudes did not eliminating classical Greek and Roman history. Mediterranean beaches were the first to adopt the bikini, and soon the topless fashion. Bathing suits for men are also minimal. Nude beaches also followed, but with a different attitude than the north. Sexuality is less suppressed, part of the enjoyment of being naked. Clothing optional recreation is less widespread than in Northern Europe.

In modern European art, the nude became a symbol that could be used to express all parts of the human condition. The images of nude women that had been created for hundreds of years by male artists are seen by many feminists as degrading to women.

Officially public nudity is disorderly conduct without a "lawful excuse". However, there is another law that a charge of nudity can only be made with the approval of the attorney general. The result is nudity by itself is rarely charged, only when there is another violation involved. There is also the context; nudity at a festival for example is not the same as in ordinary conditions. A women's right to be top-free has been established in Ontario and British Columbia.

There is one clothing-optional beach in Mexico, Playa Zipolite in Oaxaca.

America has the greatest disapproval of nudity among Western cultures, and resistance to seeing it as non-sexual. German immigrants brought naturism to the US in the 1930s, but it was limited to "nudist camps" and not widely accepted. Finnish immigrants brought the sauna and mixed nudity to some rural areas, but this became gender segregated.

Nudity was more acceptable during the "counter-culture" of the 1960s-70s. Public nudity became part of music events such as the Woodstock Festival and political events such as Vietnam War protests. There were many unofficially clothing-optional places to swim, but few legal as in Europe. In the more conservative 21st century, many swimming places are again banning nudity.

Including Australia, New Zealand and all of the Pacific islands, Oceania has both European colonial culture and many indigenous peoples. Similar to other tropical climates, clothing was minimal and removed for both work and play. Colonialism changed this, but not always as expected. The Pacific islands were colonized later than Africa and South America, and the people and cultures more romanticized.

For centuries, clothing indigenous people was part of conversion to Christianity. Rarely, traditional clothing is allowed, as on Yap island where the Catholic Church includes in some celebrations women dancing in costumes that do not cover their breasts.

The Awá people of the Amazon rainforest were isolated until recently, first contact being at the beginning of the 21st century. Although now wearing Western clothing at some times, men hunting in the jungle are naked except for a decoration of bird feathers tied to the end of their penises.


Kingdom

A kingdom is the most common type of monarchy. This means that the ruler or head of state) of the country is a king. They get their position from inheritance. With some countries a female may become head of state as a queen. 

When the current king or queen dies, then their eldest child becomes the new monarch. 

For example, the United Kingdom has a king as head of state. His mother Queen Elizabeth II was, at the time of her father's death, his only child.

Not all countries have this system. Many countries today have no royal family. In their case, the head of state is a leading politician. 

Protestantism

Protestantism is a form of Christian faith and practice. It began in northern Europe in the early 16th century. At that time, they were against some parts of Roman Catholicism. Together with Eastern Orthodoxy and Roman Catholicism, Protestantism became one of the three greatest forces in Christianity. Protestantism much influenced the culture, beliefs, and economy of the place in which it became important.

The word "Protestantism" had its origin when German princes and free cities at the Diet of Speyer (1529), petitioned or "protested" against the imperial ban adopted by the Diet against Martin Luther and its stance against the Reformation. Lutherans in Germany began using it. Swiss and French more often used "Reformed". The Anglicans use "Catholic", "Reformed" and "Protestant", however the Anglican Church is not always regarded as part of Protestantism because it kept most of the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church from which it separated.

Martin Luther, a doctor of theology and a monk, said that the church should return to its roots, and give more weight to what is written in the Bible (Sola scriptura). Luther thought that the Church had gone too far away from the original teachings. He published 95 theses on the way the Catholic Church was at that time. Some say, he stuck them onto the door of the church of Wittenberg, but others say this is not true. The 95 theses were published in 1516 or 1517. With the theses, he started the Protestant Reformation.

Protestant churches with a big following are:
Often but not always:

Algiers

Algiers is the capital city of Algeria, which is a country in northern Africa. It is on the northern coast of the country. The population of the city is 1,519,570. After Algeria beacme independent from France, Algiers became a very important city for anti-colonial activists and revolutionaries from around the world.

The city's name is gotten from the Arabic name al-Jazāʾir (الجزائر), which means "The Islands". This name refers to the four former islands which were off the city's coast before becoming part of the mainland in 1525.

Algiers has many twin towns all over the world:

Arles

Arles is a city in the south of France. It was built in the 6th century BC by the Greeks. Today more than 50,000 people live there. In the 1880s, the famous painters, Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin lived there. Vincent van Gogh painted his famous Sunflowers in Arles.

The city is at the heart of the Camargue. Not many people live in this region, so there is a lot of free land around Arles. Because of this, Arles is the city in France to have the largest area (nearly 760 square kilometres).

Certificate

A certificate is a document for authentication of something. It may be an award that can be given to people. The certificate can be given to people for graduation, for good working skills, or to thank someone who has done good things. They are usually tied to an occupation, technology, or industry. Certifications are usually offered by a professional organization or a company that specializes in a particular field or technology. A certification demonstrates that the person have a specific skill or level of knowledge, ultimately showing an employer that person know what need to do to successfully perform a job. Other items, such as patches, badges, lapel pins, watches, and medals can also come with the certificate.

Many other kinds exist. A certificate of authenticity says a thing is real. For example, it can say that a painting was made at a particular time by a particular artist and is not a forgery. A certificate of occupancy says a building is fit for use. A certificate of deposit says someone has money in a bank. A birth certificate is one of the kinds of vital record.

Daily Mail

The Daily Mail is a large, well-known newspaper. It started in 1896. It is published every weekday and Saturday from a factory in London, England. It is not printed on Sundays. Its sister paper, the "Mail on Sunday", is printed instead.

It is the second-most sold newspaper in the United Kingdom. It sells more than a million copies a day. Its political opinion is right-wing, and it supports the Conservative Party in elections. The newspaper is available in many countries outside the United Kingdom, such as Egypt and the US. There is a different Scottish edition of the newspaper, which is sold in Scotland only and differs mainly in the Sport pages. There is also an Irish version of the newspaper, but the main international version is the English one.

It is the main publication of the Daily Mail and General Trust, but the company also prints the "Evening Standard", "London Lite" and "Metro" newspapers in the UK.

People are often critical of The "Daily Mail, "because a lot of people think it's racist and sexist. Sources also state that it is unreliable and that it publishes inaccurate scare stories about science and medical research.

Politically the Daily Mail is right-wing. It has endorsed the Conservative Party at every UK general election since 1945, apart from one election in 1974.

The "Daily Mail" was first published by Lord Northclife in 1896. It started as a broadsheet. It is now a tabloid.


Rhineland-Palatinate

Rhineland-Palatinate (, Rhine Franconian: "Rhoilond-Palz") is one of 16 states () of Germany. It has an area of and 4.073 million people living in it. The capital is Mainz.

Rhineland-Palatinate was created on 30 August 1947. It was formed from the northern part of the French Occupation Zone (the Rhenish Palatinate or which had been a part of Bavaria) as well as the southern parts of the Prussian Rhine Province, Birkenfeld which formerly belonged to Oldenburg, parts of the Prussian Province of Nassau (see Hesse-Nassau), and parts of Hesse-Darmstadt as well as Rheinhessen on the western banks of the Rhine. 

The people of the new state voted to accept the boundary changes in a referendum on 18 May 1947.

Rhineland-Palatinate borders on (from the north and clockwise) North Rhine-Westphalia (another German state), Hesse (another German state), Baden-Württemberg (another German state), France, Saarland (another German state), Luxembourg, and Belgium.

The main axis of the state is the Rhine river, that forms the border with Baden-Württemberg and Hesse in the southeast before running across the northern part of Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Rhine Valley is bounded by mountains with some of the historically most significant places of Germany.

In the northwest there are the southern parts of the Eifel mountains. Farther south there is the Hunsrück mountain, which is continued by the Taunus mountains on the opposite side of the Rhine.
The hilly lands in the south of the state are called the Palatine Forest ("Pfälzerwald").

These mountains are separated from each other by the tributaries of the Rhine: the Moselle ("Mosel"), the Lahn and the Nahe.

Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy. Every five years, all Germans over the age of 18 elect the members of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament, . This regional parliament or legislature then elects the premier and confirms the cabinet members. Rhineland-Palatinate is the only German Bundesland (state) to have a cabinet minister for winegrowing.

This is only some of the castles in Rhineland-Palatine:

There are 7 universities and 13 "Fachhochschulen".



The Ministers President since 1947:



Rhineland-Palatinate is divided into 24 districts, grouped into the three administrative regions: Koblenz, Trier and Rheinhessen-Pfalz.



Rhine River

The Rhine River (, , ) is long. Its name comes from the Celtic word ""renos"", which means 'raging flow'.

The Rhine is an important waterway. can be used by ships, and boats can go to the Black Sea using the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal. Many goods are transported over the Rhine, and the Rhine valley is also an important wine producing region. The river Rhine begins at "Tomasee", a lake in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, and runs through Switzerland, Germany and the Netherlands. It is the border between Switzerland and Liechtenstein and also the border between Germany and France. It is also the border between Switzerland and Austria. It is also the border between the Netherlands and Germany. It is the border between France and Switzerland. It runs through Basel, Bonn, Cologne and Duisburg. It also separates the cities of Mainz and Wiesbaden. The Rhine has 50 species of fish. The Rhine is one of the longest and most important rivers in Europe.

The river runs through only one lake on its way, Lake Constance, which is on the border of Switzerland, Germany and Austria.

The middle Rhine has many castles. Robber barons used some of them during the 15th–18th centuries. When the Industrial Revolution hit Europe, factories set up along its banks and emptied their waste into the River. The Salmon left and other fish became rare. After World War II, the Rhine Action Programme was set up to boost the Rhine's wildlife and reduce the pollution there.

Together with the Danube it formed most of the northern frontier of the Roman Empire. 

These are large cities that are found near the Rhine:

Switzerland:


France:


Germany:


Netherlands:


Smaller cities that are found near the Rhine:

Switzerland


Liechtenstein:


Germany:


Netherlands:



Robber baron

The term robber baron was first used in the 12th and 13th centuries to describe rich men who lived in large castles along major transportation rivers, like the Rhine in Europe. They would send ships out onto these rivers to stop anybody who was traveling through who did not know better and collect a tax from them on any money or goods on these ships. They were not officially allowed to collect these taxes. It was only the Holy Roman Emperor who could decide what taxes to be charged, how much and who could charge it.

Second, it is a slang term used of certain rich and ruthless industrialists and bankers, especially in the late 19th and early 20th century U.S.A. 

Winery

A winery is a place or business that makes wine. It has developed and changed for thousands of years. In wine's journey along the centuries and around the world, winery has changed, and all ends in wine production today. 

The first wine-like beverage was made in around 7000 bc, in China. This is considered wine, because the beverage follows the basic rules of winery. These are to follow a certain chemistry of yeast and glucose. Glucose (CHO), a certain type of 'sugar', is consumed by yeast, the fermentation tool. Glucose is from the grapes. Then, the yeast slowly converts them to ethanol (CHOH), carbon dioxide (CO), latic acid (HCHO), hydrogen (H), and energy. The carbon dioxide and hydrogen is not used. The latic acid can be used for cheese another time. The energy is consumed by the yeast, and lastly the remaining water and ethanol is for our wine. 

There are different types of grapes, yeast, and climate for the grapes to grow, so vintners (people who make wine) have a hard time choosing and experimenting on different flavours of wine. There were many processes too, in the old times. In ancient Egypt, slaves or workers crushed juice out of grapes, and put them in pots and jars. The juice is left to ferment. In some ancient wineries, grapes were fermented with wild yeast, which is already on grapes without human activity. Other wineries use selected yeast, which are cultivated by humans. 

Wine-like beverages were first recorded in China. But 'true wine' began in ancient Persia (modern-day middle east). Then, though trade across the Red Sea and the Mediterrainean Sea brought Persian wine to many other countries, such as Egypt, Greece, Carthaginia, and Rome. Rome was very interested in wine, and almost couldn't live without it, so they even invented a new object for the fermentation and storage in time; wine barrels. Throughout the Roman times, the wine loving nation spread the beverage across Europe, and especially along the Rhine River, the border between modern-day France and Germany. Later in the 17th century, the wine bottle and cork was invented for the storage of wine in a smaller container that is easier to carry. Nowadays, wine is made in many major countries by the tonnes, and people drink the beverage almost everywhere. 

Wine was very impressive and rare. In Assyria, peasants and other people considered 'normal' were not allowed to drink wine. Only the king and other important dignitaries drink wine. In feasts, celebrations and religious rites, the poor watched the magestic liquid full of fragance draining down the throat of their powerful leader. But the poor were not really jealous; they had beer in their hands. 

Soon, when wine began spreading everywhere, everyone began to drink it too. It appears in many religious myths and scripts too. In Persian legends, it was said that a women fired by the king decided to commit suicide (kill herself), and tried this by drinking a beverage. She thought that it was poison, but found it delicious; it was wine. She brought it to the king, and the king became intoxicated. He then ordered all grapes in his empire should be converted to wine. 

In Christianity, Jesus (the son of the Christian god) was said to turn water into wine in a party. Many religious people, monks, priests, hermits and the pope began drinking wine as a symbol of Jesus' blood lost on the cross. 

In Greek and Roman myths, there is a wine god, Bacchus, or Dionysus. He is the son of Zeus and Semele, one of his minor sex-partners (the major is Hera). He is worshiped almost every day be the Romans, and are typically worshiped for a good harvest of grapes by the farmers. 

So this is the major use of wine in culture, life, and religion, and wineries are the places that make this capable. 

When wine was drank by everyone and grew extremely popular, two old rivals fought over the monopoly of the wine-producing industry; Rome and Greece. Several decades later, Rome one the race, with the help of their wine barrels and amazing wineries. Their territory near the Rhine River also contributed deeply to major wine-production. Also, the Greek lands were eventually taken by the Romans, so there is no doubt they win. Even in 2022, the top producer of wine is Italy, Rome's origin, making 50 million hectoliters of the beverage. 

Sugar

Sugar is the common name for several chemical substances, some of which taste sweet. Mostly, it refers to sucrose, lactose, or fructose. Sugar is in certain kinds of food, or it is added to make it sweeter.

Regular or pure sugar, or "sucrose, is" extracted from sugarcane or sugar beet. Brazil produces the most sugar per person and India's total consumption of sugar is the highest for a country. Fructose is the sugar that is in fruits.

Sucrose and fructose are both made by two smaller sugars. Glucose is the more common of these smaller sugars. The human body changes regular sugar into the smaller sugars.

Sugars are a kind of carbohydrate. That is, sugars are made from carbon, hydrogen and oxygen. Carbohydrates can be "simple carbohydrates" or "complex carbohydrates". Simple carbohydrates are made of only one or a few of the smallest sugars. Complex carbohydrates are made of "many" of the smallest sugars.

Sugar can be different colors. For example, brown sugar has molasses in it, and is often used in baking.

There are 387 calories in 100 g of sugar.

Global production of sugarcane in 2020 was 1.9 billion tonnes, with Brazil producing 40% of the world total and India 20% (table).

Sugar cane can be any of many species, or their hybrids, of giant grasses in the genus, or group "Saccharum" in the family Poaceae. They have been grown in tropical climates in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia over centuries for the sucrose found in their stems.

Sugar cane needs a climate with no frost, with enough rain in the growing season so that the plant grows. It is harvested by a machine or by hand, and cut into pieces and is moved to the processing plant where it is milled. The juice is extracted with water or it is extracted by diffusion. The juice is clarified with lime and heated to destroy enzymes. The thin syrup result is concentrated in evaporators, after then water is removed. The supersaturated solution is added with sugar crystals, making crystals and drying easier. Molasses, fiber from the stems, is burned to give energy for the sugar extraction process. The raw sugar crystals have a sticky brown coating and may be bleached by sulfur dioxide, or may be treated in a carbonation process to make it whiter. About of water is needed for every of sugar to be produced.

In 2020, global production of sugar beets was 253 million tonnes, led by Russia with 13% of the world total (table).

Sugar beet is harvested during cool seasons, and then a rotor beater cuts off the head of the beet, which then is then left in the field. A beet loader pulls the beets out of the earth and into a truck, where the beet is driven to a processing plant. The processor slices the beets into thin chips called cossettes. The extraction takes place in a diffuser where the beet is kept in contact with hot water for about an hour. The diffuser is a large agitated tank in which the cossettes slowly move from one end to the other as the water is moved in the opposite direction. This is called counter-current flow and as the water goes it becomes a stronger and stronger sugar juice.

In around 8,000 BC, people in New Guinea and Polynesia had sugar cane where it had then came to Asia. With interest of the people who had discovered it, sugar cane and it's practices of planting sugar cane had gone to Southwest Asia, including China and India.

In 510 BC the Persia (Iran), Emperor Darius invaded India where he found cane sugar which was named ""the reed which gives honey without bees"". The growing was kept unknown and showing the sugar for a rich profit. The Arab invasion of Persia in 642 BC, sugar cane refining techniques had been added by Eastern Mediterranean people.

Records from the Ancient Greeks and Romans would suggest that sugar cane was used in medicine. In around 350 CE, Indian people discovered how to crystallize sugar. Around 650 CE, crystallized sugar became a culinary staple across India, China, and the Middle East.


Canterbury

Canterbury is a city in Kent, England. It is about from London. It was made famous by a book called "The Canterbury Tales". It is also famous for Canterbury Cathedral. Thomas Becket was assassinated by knights who came from Sandlings.
There are two railway stations in the city; Canterbury East and Canterbury West. The A2 road passes near the city. It goes west to London and south-east to Dover.
The city has an estimated 31,000 students. This is the highest student/permanent resident ratio in the UK. There are three universities, and several other higher education institutions and colleges. At the 2001 census, 22% of the population aged 16–74 were full-time students, compared with 7% throughout England. The three universities: the University of Kent, Canterbury Christ Church University, and the University for the Creative Arts.
The St Lawrence Ground is the home ground of Kent County Cricket Club. It has hosted several One Day Internationals, including one England match during the 1999 Cricket World Cup.

The Canterbury area has been lived in since prehistoric times. Paleolithic stone axes, and Neolithic and Bronze Age pots have been found in the area. Canterbury was once the main settlement of the Celtic tribe of the Cantiaci, which lived in most of modern-day Kent. In the 1st century AD, the Romans captured the settlement and named it Durovernum Cantiacorum. The Romans rebuilt the city, with new streets in a grid pattern, a theatre, a temple, a forum, and public baths. Its position on Watling Street on route to the major Kentish ports of Rutupiae (now Richborough), Dubrae (now Dover), and Lemanae (now Lymne) made it important.

Huddersfield

Huddersfield is a large town in the Metropolitan borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire, England. It was famous for its cloth industry, and where Rugby League football started.

Huddersfield was the birthplace for the Labour Party prime minister, Harold Wilson. It is also known for its football team, who were the first team to win the Football League first division title three years in a row (1924-26).

Huddersfield had 162,949 residents at the 2011 census. It sits close to the Pennines, south-west of Leeds, west of Wakefield, north-west of Sheffield and north-east of Manchester. 

The River Holme discharges into the River Colne. They were tapped for steam turbines and textile treatment in the large weaving sheds.

Anti-tank dog

Anti-tank dogs were dogs with explosives placed on their backs. These dogs were trained to run under enemy tanks. The explosives were then remotely detonated in order to destroy the target tank. 

These dogs were trained by the Soviet Union during World War II to be used against German armored vehicles. They were trained on Russian tanks, which used diesel fuel. In battle, the dogs often ran toward the smell of diesel fuel from the Soviet tanks instead of the intended German targets. 

The German Army soon learned about the dogs, so all Russian dogs were shot on sight by the Germans. Very few dogs remained in the Eastern Front as a result of this.

After the war better weapons against tanks were made. Therefore, it is unlikely that anti-tank dogs will ever be used again.

January 6

Since 2021, the terms January 6, January 6th, and 1/6 have been used in the media as a shorthand for the 2021 United States Capitol riots, which occurred on that day.













Eyeglasses

Eyeglasses (U.S), glasses or spectacles (also more rarely cheaters) are pieces of glass or clear plastic, called lenses, that are held in front of a person's eyes by a frame made of metal or plastic. They can be used for many reasons. These include safety, fashion and to correct a person's vision. The earliest known eyeglasses are in the thirteenth century in Italy.

"Corrective" lenses let some people see or read better if they have problems seeing. If the someone is long-sighted (the light is focusses past the retina), they use a different type of glasses than someone who is short-sighted. Lenses can also correct Astigmatism. Contact lenses also help people see better. Corrective lenses usually are made by opticians following eyeglass prescription from an optometrist. It's also possible to get adjustable focus glasses where one can change the lens power.

R"eading glasses that are sold over the counter" may help those with presbyopia who only need to wear glasses occasionally. They typically come in lens powers from +0.25 to +4. 

3d glasses are used during 3d movies.

Glasses can also protect the eyes. Goggles and safety glasses are strong and protect the eyes from flying objects. Sunglasses (with dark tinted lenses) keep too much sunlight from getting in people's eyes. Some glasses are tinted for special applications, fashion and light sensitivity conditions. Some eyeglasses, often with yellow lenses, block blue light from a computer, game, tablet, smart phone or TV.

Eyeglasses are made in many different styles. These may be worn for fashion or function. These styles include:

Historical styles


Goa

Goa (गोवा) is a state in the Republic of India. It is India's smallest state. It has the second smallest number of people. The total area is 1,430 mi² (3,702 km²), it is bigger than Samoa but smaller than the Georgian territory of South Ossetia. In traditional Indian geography it falls under the South Indian zone. It is on the west coast of India, in the region known as the Konkan. The state of Maharashtra is its neighbour to the north, and Karnataka to the east and south. The Arabian Sea makes up the state's west coast. Panjim is the state's capital, and Margao its largest town.

Portuguese merchants first landed in Goa in the 16th century but soon after, colonised it. It was a part of the Portuguese empire for about 450 years. In 1961 India took control of Goa by sending its army and defeating Portuguese army.

The 1961 Indian annexation of Goa, was an action by India’s armed forces that ended Portuguese rule in its Indian enclaves in 1961. The armed action, code named Operation Vijay by the Indian government, involved air, sea and land strikes for over 36 hours, and was a decisive victory for India, ending 451 years of Portuguese colonial rule in Goa. One of the problems vexing the Indian prime minister Jawarhalal Nehru in the 1950s was what to do about Goa. The situation began to come to a head in 1955 when a group of Goanese and Indian protesters staged a ‘liberation march’ in Goa and more than 20 of them were shot and killed.

He announced that Portuguese control of Goa could be tolerated no longer and instituted a blockade, which the Portuguese regime evaded by building an airport into which to fly supplies and by opening up trade with Pakistan and Sri Lanka. Portuguese dictator, Antonio Salazar tried to drum up international support from world leaders. President Kennedy wrote to Nehru advising him not to use force and the Portuguese ambassador in London reminded the British government that under the terms of the Anglo-Portuguese alliance of 1899 it was obliged to come to Portugal’s assistance if any Portuguese colony was attacked.

There were more incidents and in November 1961 the Portuguese in Goa opened fire on Indian fishing boats. Nehru lost patience and mounted a military, naval and air attack on Goa using overwhelming force on December 17th. The Portuguese governor, who had at the most 3,000 men to oppose an Indian army of 30,000, blew up a few bridges to delay the invaders but his situation was plainly hopeless and he hoisted the white flag and surrendered. There had been almost no resistance and few casualties.
Bounded on one side by the foothills of the Sahyadri range and on the other by the Arabian Sea Goa is a green natural paradise and best tourist spots in India. It is very truly said that living in Goa is a 365-day vacation. Goa is one of the best beach destinations in India due to the picturesque sunsets, beaches, historic forts, and laid-back life. Goa serves travelers of varied tastes, whether it's witnessing the majestic 600m high Dudhsagar Falls or trying your luck at Casino Royale. From the famous Fort Aguada to the blue waters. It is from the beaches of Dona Paula and Sinquerim, there is no shortage of points of interest in Goa.

Second language

A second language is a language that a person learns in addition to their first language. A second language may be learned in a formal or informal way, such as at school or in a family. A person may speak two or more second languages. 

Adults do not learn languages the same way that children do. Learning a second language is difficult for adults, who rarely speak it as well as their native language because it is much easier for children to learn a second language.

Some children have native multilingualism and so speak several languages, such as by living in a foreign country or having a father speaking a different language from their mother.


Ido

Ido is a constructed language, a so-called reformed Esperanto, which was developed in 1907. Ido was made by a group of people that thought Esperanto was too hard to be a world language. They did not like how Esperanto used letters with special diacritic marks over them, because that made it hard to type, and they thought that a world language should be easy to learn and write.

Ido is not as popular as Esperanto, but still about 100-200 people in the world speak it. They have a conference every year where people come together and speak the language.

At the beginning of the 20th century, the need for an international language was being thought about by many personalities, especially scientists and philosophers. This period goes along with a flowering of new international language projects. The math expert Leopold Leau creted the Delegation for the adoption of an international auxiliary language on January 17, 1901 with the support of many scientists. In 1906, the Delegation had received the support of more than 1,200 members of universities from different countries and more than 300 scientific societies.

In May 1907, the delegation sent the question of the International Association of the Vienna Academies, which declared itself unable to solve the issue, by 12 votes to 8. As a result, the delegation formed a working group whose members were elected by 242 votes out of a total of 253. Among them there were famous scientists, such as the language experts Jespersen, Schuchardt and Baudouin de Courtenay or even the chemist Ostwald. By cooptation, other personalities were admitted, such as the Italian math expert Peano. Léopold Leau and Louis Couturat were the secretaries of the committee.

The group met at the Collège de France during the month of October 1907 and examined many international language projects, presented by representatives of their authors. They quickly came to the result that there were only two international language projects worthy of interest: Esperanto and Idiom Neutral. However, on the last day, the Delegation chose "Ido". The author of this language was unknown to the Delegation (later it would be discovered that Couturat was the creator). Ido was a kind of combination between a kind of Esperanto and Idiom Neutral.

The group of the delegation decided to create a permanent Commission. This commission would be charged with "studying and fixing the details of the language to be adopted". Its members were Louis Couturat, Wilhelm Ostwald, Otto Jespersen, Baudouin de Courtenay and Leopold Leau.

A union of friends of the international language ("Uniono di la Amiki di la Linguo Internaciona") was founded. It included an academy and a Directing Committee. Also a monthly magazine, Progreso, was created in 1908 to publish language discussions and decisions of the Ido Academy.

The language would take the name "Ido", after Zamenhof rejected all nominations using the name "Esperanto".

The development of the language was completed in 1910 with the publication of the first language manuals and dictionaries. Finished its mission, the delegation dissolved regularly on July 31, 1910 after founding the "Uniono por la linguo internacional".

There was a debate between those who wanted to leave the language as it in to spread it and those who wanted to keep changing it (in order to improve it, according to them).

Finally, after many years of intense work, a period of ten years without further changes was decided in 1914 to make the language known.

However two terrible events stopped the spread of the language: on August 3, 1914, Louis Couturat died in a car crash, the same day that Germany declared war on France. The Idist movement actually survived in neutral countries such as Switzerland (including the activity of Schneeberger, Secretary of the Ido Union or the International Linguo), and Sweden (with Ahlberg, editor of the idista magazine Mondo). The magazine Progreso stopped being published in 1914.

After the war, the Idist movement was slowly built-up again. In 1920, Schneeberger, president of the Ido Academy, announced the resumption of the academy's work. Louis de Beaufront published in 1925 his "Complete Grammar" (Kompleta Gramatiko Detaloza). Many idist congresses have been organized: Vienna (1921), Dessau (1922), Kassel (1923), Luxembourg (1924), Turin (1925) and Prague (1926). Many Idist magazines have appeared since then.

In 1927, some serious disagreements divided the Idist movement. The appearance in 1922 of another auxiliary language, Occidental, and the reappearance of the argument between stability and change weakened Ido. For his part, Otto Jespersen, who broke away from the Idist movement, published his own linguistic project, Novial, in 1928. Novial, which contains many features of Ido while eliminating the more conspicuous elements of Esperanto (for example, noun endings in -o, adjectives in -a or conjugation, in -is, -as, -os) attracted some Idists like Ahlberg whose Idist newspaper Mondo became a Novialist magazine.

The Zurich Idist congress of 1928 marks the beginning of the reunification of the Idist movement. L'Uniono by the international Linguo Ido is reactivated and an official written announcement is published. Progress magazine reappears from 1931 and without interruption until today.

There were debate about the opportunity to make new changes but until in 1934 a new period of stability was declared for ten years. On the other hand, the international situation had again become bad for international languages, with the rise of Nazism as well as Stalinism, followed by the Second World War. The first concern of the Idist movement had become mere survival.

The Idist movement survived World War II. Progreso magazine has never stopped appearing. Later the language changing stopped.

An important poetic production has grown in Ido by many authors, whose main author continues to be the Belgian Andreas Juste. He was the most important person in the Idist movement between the years 1960-1998. His collection includes a library with more than 250 books on Ido or in Ido and many texts on Ido. In 2009, it was maintained by the association Juste & Co.

In 2009, the Idist movement is present on the Internet. There are many websites. Many discussion lists on Ido or about Ido are active. There is a Wikipedia in Ido. The Idist magazines Progreso, Kuriero Internaciona and Ido-Saluto appear regularly. Idist reunions happen every year. It is, along with Interlingua, the second most widely spoken auxiliary language.

Ido is easy to learn for many reasons:

Each word in Ido comes from a smaller word called a "root word". A root word has a root and an ending. The speaker can take the root and put it on another word to make a new one. For example, "urbo" means "city" and "-estro" means "leader". The root of "urbo" is "urb-", and if -estro is put on the end, it becomes "urbestro", which means mayor (leader of a city). Or the speaker can put something on before; chef- means chief or leader, and if the speaker puts that before the word it becomes "chefurbo", which means capital city.

Here are some of the endings:

Pronouns are the words in a language like I, thou, he, she, it, we, ye, they, and so on. Ido was made from Esperanto, and all of Esperanto's pronouns end in -i. The people that made Ido thought that they sounded too much the same and that it might be too difficult to hear sometimes. Also, most languages have two ways of saying "you" so they decided to have two ways of saying you. Lastly, they decided to make a pronoun that can mean "he" or "she". Some languages like the Finnish language and the Estonian language have something like this.

Here is a chart of all the pronouns in English, Ido, and Esperanto.

A lot of books were published in Ido until the crisis of 1927-28. It is worth mentioning the booklet "Makedonia a la Makedoniani", published in 1913. At the same time appeared "Nova Horizonti", a work by J. Barral.

During the First World War appeared "Buddho e lua doktrino" and, in 1923, an important anthology of texts translated from Hungarian literature was published. During the 1920s, Catholic Idist published booklets about saints' lives. The work "Esther" by Jean Racine and translated by the priest Guignon is worth mentioning.

With regards to poetry, Andreas Juste is the most famous poet in Ido. He gave new force to Ido literature in the 1970s. Other poets are Lui Pasko (Spain), Jules Houillon (France), Gilbert H. Richardson (Great Britain), Jules Gross (France), Heidi Neussner (Germany), Friedrich Porzenheim (Germany) and Gonçalo Neves (Portugal).

There are also some science fiction works like "La suno di Tiahuanako", published in 1999 by G. T. Romanin. It was the first of this genre published in the language. He then published "Skandalo en Roseringen" in 2005. Also in that year was published "La Sucedanto", a detective novel by Eduardo A. Rodi (Argentina). He also published "Narkotanti". The Mexican Jose Cossio Ramírez published two science fiction books "L' Aventuri dil Amazonia: Unesma Kontakto" and (2006) and "L' Aventuri dil Amazonia II: Gravito Zero" (2007).

In 2006, Robert Pontnau published "GDR 66", a booklet about the German Democratic Republic. Since December 2012, Brian E. Drake has published a lot of books in Ido, both original and translations.

Ido is a language that came from Esperanto, so they look very similar. Since Esperanto has more speakers than Ido, most people that know Ido first learned Esperanto and then later learned that Ido is a language, too. Sometimes Idists (people who speak Ido) and Esperantists (people who speak Esperanto) do not agree with each other. Luckily they both agree that making a language that everybody can learn is a good idea. Most Idists and Esperantists can understand most of each other's language.

Some people criticise Ido for the way it was presented by Louis Couturat, who was not supposed to defend any constructed language during the Congress in which he was part of the jury.

Another critique, done by the ex-Idist Ric Berger, is that the system of derivation is too complex, with suffixes that make derivation more difficult.

Here are samples of the language Ido to show what the language looks like. On the right is a page from a magazine in Ido called "Adavane!" (forward), written by an Ido group in Spain every two months. This is a page from a diary by a girl named Anne Frank, a Jewish girl from the Netherlands that was killed in 1944 by the German government of Adolf Hitler.

Below is a small part of the book "The Little Prince" called "La Princeto" in Ido.

CHAPITRO XVII

This was a song by a bard from Russia named Alexandr Sukhanov; he used words from the poetry of another Russian person named Yunna Mortis. This is the Ido version, sung with guitar.

People who know Ido come together for a few days every year to meet each other and speak the language. Most Ido speakers live in Europe and so the conventions (a meeting of people) have taken place in Europe.
Information on Ido conferences (the section that says raporto is the report on the convention written in Ido).


Javier Solana

Francisco Javier Solana de Madariaga (born July 14, 1942 in Madrid) is a Spanish physicist, politician and diplomat.

He is the former Secretary General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and also the former European Union foreign policy chief.

Solana was studying in both the United Kingdom and the United States before returning to Spain with Nicolás Cabrera, and becoming a professor of solid state physics in the Complutense University.

Having already joined the banned PSOE left-wing party in 1964, he became one of its leaders when it became legal in 1977. He became a Cabinet Minister, serving first as Minister for Culture and party spokesman, then Minister for Education, then Minister for Foreign Affairs, before being made NATO boss in December 1995, just as the Dayton agreement saw the IFOR NATO peacekeeping mission enter the former Yugoslavia. He was also involved in the Kosovo bombings, and the negotiations that led to an eventual peace.

In March 2020, Solana tested positive for COVID-19.

Paragraph

A paragraph is a collection of words strung together to make a longer unit than a sentence. Several sentences often make a paragraph. There are normally three to eight sentences in a paragraph. Paragraphs can start with a five-space indentation or by skipping a line and then starting over. This makes it simpler to tell when one paragraph ends and the next starts simply it has 3-9 lines.

A topic phrase appears in most ordered types of writing, such as essays. This paragraph's topic sentence informs the reader about the topic of the paragraph. In most essays, numerous paragraphs make statements to support a thesis statement, which is the essay's fundamental point.

Paragraphs may signal when the writer changes topics. Each paragraph may have a number of sentences, depending on the topic.

A pilcrow mark (¶) is sometimes used to show where a paragraph begins.

Lansing, Michigan

Lansing is the capital city of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is about 1 to 2 hours west of Detroit. It is in the center of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan.

The landscape is flat. There is a lot of agriculture.

Parody

A parody is a special piece of art.

Parodies make fun of another piece of art by mocking it.

The parody is an imitation of the original, but exaggerating it, showing clichés which have been used, to make the original look ridiculous or to make a comment about an issue affecting society.

For example, in a serious Western movie, the good guys always seem to shoot better and faster than the bad guys. In a Western parody, this might be exaggerated by showing a good guy firing a single shot, and a dozen of the bad guys falling from their horses as a result.

Mel Brooks is a director who has made many movies which are parodies:


The website Uncyclopedia is also a parody of Wikipedia.

Parodies can be anything from songs to poems to books to movies.

A movie that makes a parody of another movie or several movies at once is a parody movie. 

Newspaper columnists are well known for their strip cartoons which can very often parody public opinion on major issues affecting society, such as the recent credit crunch.


Fact

A fact is a statement that is real or true, or a thing that can be "shown" to be real or true. That is its core meaning, though the word has a long history, and has been used in many ways. 

A fact is something that has really happened or is actually the case. The usual test for a statement of fact is whether it can be shown to be true. Standard reference works are often used to check facts. Scientific facts are verified by careful observation or measurement (by experiments or other means).

A fact is a statement (a claim) about something that is true. A fact can answer questions like, "what color is it?" or "who made that?"

An opinion is different from a fact. But you can say facts about a person's opinion. For example, someone can ask a question like "What is Alice's opinion about the book?" You can answer this question with a fact, for example "Alice said she likes the book." Then it is a fact that Alice "says" she likes the book. But maybe Alice does not like the book. So it is not a fact that Alice likes the book, but it is a fact that Alice "says" she likes the book.

One way to learn a fact is if a person can help you see it. For example, if you ask, "do you have my book?" To answer this question, a person can let you see your book. Then you can know it is a fact that this person has your book.

These examples show that there are facts of different kinds.


A scientific theory is knowledge of important facts about a natural thing. The facts in a scientific theory have evidence that shows that the fact is not false. 

A person who understands the scientific method can test to see if the facts of a scientific theory are correct. When statements have been tested and shown to be not false, they may be "true". The facts of each scientific theory have usually been questioned and tested by many people. Because of this, we know that the knowledge of a scientific theory is fact and not opinion. Examples of scientific theories include the theory of relativity and the theory of evolution. More simply, it is a fact that the Earth goes around the Sun (and not vice versa). This took so long to establish because a leading religious body had the reverse opinion (see articles on Galileo and Copernicus for the story). Now we can say that there is a difference between statements of fact, and opinions or claimed truths of religion. "The difference is in the way disputes about the truth are decided".

Victim

Victim is a term used for a person who suffers adverse circumstances, often in relation to having a crime committed against them. If someone is robbed, he or she is the victim. If someone is killed, that person is the victim. The person who committed the crime is the culprit.
Victim blaming is saying that it is the fault of the victim that a crime was committed against them.

Culprit

A culprit is a person who commits a crime. If someone robs a person, the robber is the culprit, while the person who was robbed is the victim.

Shot put

Shot put is an athletics sport where people try to "put" a heavy weighted ball as far as they can. They are not allowed to throw it, but instead they push the ball out into the air. They "put" the ball by holding it at their neck and pushing it through the air. The shot put has been part of the Olympics since 1896. The weight of the ball can vary from 6 to 16 pounds (2.76 to 7.26 kg), depending on level age and gender of the participants. The main objective of the sport is to throw the ball as far as possible.

The shot put is similar to the javelin. It is an official Olympic event and can be seen at the Olympic games. The athlete cannot wear gloves when they are participating. If wearing gloves, the athlete would be disqualified.

It is an outdoor event and cannot be played inside. It is a track and field event.

The first evidence for stone- or weight-throwing events were in the Scottish Highlands, and date back to the first century. In the 16th century King Henry VIII was noted for his prowess in court competitions of weight and hammer throwing.

There are two types of putting styles: "glide" and "spin" (rotation). The glide was invented in the US in the year 1876. The spin was also developed in the US. It was invented by Parry O'Brian and made famous by Brian Oldfield.


Shot put was originally used in the Olympics to see who was the strongest athlete. Each athlete threw from a wooden square, and could only stand to throw. The shot put was a large stone ball. That is now a metal ball not softer than brass.




Magic

Magic can mean:


Hitchhiking

Hitchhiking is a way to end travel from place to place in someone else's car or lorry. Usually, a hitchhiker (a person who hitchhikes) will stand at the side of a road and hold his or her thumb in the air waiting for a passerby to come and pick her or him up. This is a sign that he or she wants to go somewhere else.

It was a very common way of traveling in Europe in the 1970s until people started to go missing. It is common for people to encounter rapists or lunatics while hitchiking, it is not always clear when being picked up if a person is dangerous, and this make it very dangerous and has made it less popular.

Because of this, hitchhiking is illegal or restricted in many country’s and states of America.


Owl

Owls are birds in the order Strigiformes. There are 200 species, and they are all animals of prey. Most of them are solitary and nocturnal; in fact, they are the only large group of birds which hunt at night. Owls are specialists night-time hunters. They feed on small mammals such as rodents, insects, and other birds, and a few species like to eat fish as well. 

As a group, owls are very successful. They are found in all parts of the world except Antarctica, most of Greenland, and some small islands.

There are two families of owls: the true owls and the barn owls:

An owl has a big head, flat face, hooked beak, short tail, and sharp talons, The wings of an owl are long. Owls have brown, gray, or white plumage with streaks or spots.

Owls have a suite of adaptations which help them to be successful.

Owls have large eyes and holes for ears, a hawk-like beak, and a rather flat face. Most birds of prey have eyes on the sides of their heads, but the owl's eyes are facing forwards to help it see better in the dark. Their eyes are also fixed inside their sockets, so they have to turn their whole head to look at other things. Owls can rotate their heads and necks up to 270 degrees in both directions. 

Owls are good at looking at things far from its eyes, but it cannot see anything clearly within a few centimeters of their eyes. Owls use small feathers on the beak and the feet that help it feel the prey it catches.

Most owls hunt at night, and in twilight (dawn and dusk). A few owls are also active during the day.

The owls' hunting depends on surprising its prey. Their most important adaptation is their almost silent flight. The feathers are soft, with fringes on the back edge, and the base of each is downy. This all muffles noise, and makes for silence. Also, they glide when coming in for the kill. 

The dull colors of the owls' feathers make them less visible by camouflaging the owl. This helps them as they roost during the day. 

Owls have fantastic hearing. The shape of the head helps slight sounds reach the ears. The feathers of the facial disc are arranged in order to increase sound delivered to the ears. Their ears are asymmetrical allowing the owl to locate a sound. They can hear a mouse move in the grass. 

An owl's sharp beak and powerful talons allow it to kill its prey before swallowing it whole, unless it is too big. Owls usually regurgitate the parts of their prey that they cannot digest. These parts include bones, scales, and fur. Scientists who study the things that owls eat can get clues by studying the parts that the owl spit back out, called "owl pellets". These "owl pellets" are sold by supply companies to schools for use in the students' biology and ecology lessons.

Many animals store food during times of plenty to prepare for leaner times. Owls may store dead mice for winter.

Owls have special adaptations which help them swivel their heads 270 degrees. They have 14 neck vertebrae instead of our seven. Also, the big carotid arteries, instead of being on the side of the neck as in humans, are carried close to the centre of rotation just in front of the spine. So these arteries get much less twisting and stretching, and the potential for damage is greatly reduced. This arrangement is seen in other birds, but in owls the vertebral arteries – the vessels that travel through channels in the neck bones – are given extra space.

Owls also have wide parts in their carotid arteries just under the base of the skull. Researchers found these could dilate and fill with a reservoir of blood. "We believe this is kind of a new structure not really known before", said a researcher. "It's probably a way to pool blood and get some continuity of flow even if there is disruption below at the next level".

Mythology and stories that include owls are: 




Copyright infringement

Copyright infringement (or copyright violation) is the use of material which is covered by copyright law, in a way that violates one of the original copyright owner's "exclusive rights", such as the right to reproduce or perform the copyrighted work, or to make derivative works that build upon it. The slang term "bootleg" (from the use of boots to smuggle items) is often used to describe illegally copied material.

Some people call illegally copying movies and music, "piracy" or "theft". Richard Stallman says people should not call copying and distribution "piracy", because piracy is robbery with attacking ships, killing and stealing people, and owners of copyright use the word to say that such copying is as evil as piracy. Some courts say that the word "piracy" may be used, but the word "theft" may not be used. When people use the word "piracy" for copyright infringement, it usually means "selling of many copies without permission", but sometimes any "big copyright infringement".

There are a few reasons why people violate copyrights. Copyright infringed goods are usually cheaper than legal ones, because the people distributing them don't need to pay for the copyright. That can make them easier to sell. Normal goods might also not be as useful as copyright infringed ones because of legal limitations.

Copyright laws have tried to keep up with the development of technology, such as radio, television, and the internet. Now many people upload some articles to websites that allow people to read free articles on it without the permission of the author. In this way, people can read many articles easily, but it is illegal. As a result, many authors prosecute the website.

Here are the normal behaviors of copy infringement.

Piracy goods are usually at low price because they don't need to pay for copyright and carry out research. So it is popular with the people who don't have awareness of copyright. On the surface, it will limit the monopoly of big company. But in fact, it is a means of unfair competition and damages the fair competition pattern. What's more, it will have a bad consequence on the competitiveness of middle or small sized companies.

There are some benefits to society of limiting copyright. One is to expand readership of newspapers and books to a wider section of the public. Newspapers were once relatively expensive, but copies were freely available in coffee houses throughout Europe. The invention of public libraries had the same effect for books. Many great people in the 18th and 19th century came from poor backgrounds. Such people as Michael Faraday (the son of a blacksmith) and Alfred Russel Wallace had no university education, but used libraries to get their knowledge up-to-date. The aim of copyright law is to have a balance between these two sides: the needs of authors and publishers, and the broader needs of society.

1.Well-known writers vs. Baidu On March 15, 2011, HanHan and many other well-known writers prosecuted Baidu Library because it allowed people to read and download their articles for free. They asked Baidu to pay for it but Baidu rejected the compensation.
2.Princeton University Press v. Michigan Document Services (1996)
Michigan Document Services was involved in creating packages of study material for the students of the university. A professor supplied the course material and Michigan Document services, a photocopying organization, took photocopies of the material and converted it into a booklet for sale to students at the university.
Here was a clause of "Fair use" in this case. The photocopying company could have paid a nominal fee to the university and then used the material. This was available to anyone who wished to use the material. However, the photocopying company paid for only the original and then started making photocopies of the study material. The court considered that it was not "fair use" and penalized the photocopying company.
3.A & M Records vs. Napster (2001)
This is one of the most famous cases of copyright infringement related to the music industry. As peer to peer file sharing increased, Napster started a website. This website offered downloads of songs of all genres – new and old. You may know someone who used it. A & M Records brought in a joint copyright infringement case which accused Napster of stealing music and making it available to people worldwide. Before closing the site in 2002, Napster had to settle US$26 million to different recording companies and songwriters. It could have been even more if Napster had not apologized and folded the site.Several websites still thrive on offering free music to people who can download it at no cost. As mentioned in our article on "Internet Ethics and Copyright Laws", the music industry faces most copyright infringement cases. The Napster case, though an example of the consequences, still does not act as a deterrent for other music websites that offer free music downloads.
As opposed to the writers, many people think it's convenient and cheap to read books and other articles on the internet. They think free articles are good for them. On the other hand, some people think it is illegal to provide free articles download without authors permission. They think the best way to avoid this problem is to pay for reading on the Internet.

In 2014 selfies taken by a crested black macaque seemed to establish a legal precedent, after the Wikimedia Foundation rejected a copyright claim. On 22 August 2014, a spokesperson for the UK Intellectual Property Office states that even if creatures that aren't human create a work, the copyright of a photograph depends if the photographer made a "creative contribution" to the work, and the judges must decide who is the real owner of the photograph.

The photos had been sold widely by David Slater, a professional nature photographer, whose camera was temporarily carried away by a group of macaques. After the photos were uploaded to Wikipedia, the organisation refused to delete them, claiming "This file is in the public domain, because as the work of a non-human animal, it has no human author in whom copyright is vested. In December 2014, the United States Copyright Office stated that works created by a creature that isn't a human, such as a photograph taken by a monkey, are not able to be copyrighted. Several legal experts in the US and UK suggest that Slater's role in the photographic process would be enough of a valid claim for copyright, although the court would need to decide if that claim is still valid.

International Women's Day

International Women's Day is celebrated every year on March 8. International Women's Day has been observed since 1909 in the United States. After a while the people of United States stopped celebrating this holiday. In the 1920s Soviet Union, and then some other Communist countries like China and Cuba, started celebrating this day as a holiday for women and world peace. Since then the holiday has become more and more popular around the world.

In many places, the day does not have a political aspect, and is simply a time for men to express their love for women. It is similar to a mixture of Mother's Day and Valentine's Day. Men present their mothers, wives, girlfriends, colleagues, etc. with flowers and small gifts. In some countries International Women's Day is observed like Mother's Day, where children give small gifts to their mothers and grandmothers. In some countries, women get a half day off work. Often, schools will have a celebration where students will honor their teachers.

In 1975, the United Nations also started to recognize this holiday for women's rights and gender equality. The UN chooses a political or social theme for the holiday each year. For example, the 2011 theme was ""Equal access to education, training and science and technology: Pathway to decent work for women." and the 2020 theme is "Women in leadership: Achieving an equal future in a COVID-19 world". In this way, the holiday is a time to look at the social and economic problems women have around the world.

International Women's Day is now an official holiday in Albania, Algeria, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Ecuador, Georgia, Italy, Israel, Laos, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Macedonia, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam.


May Day

May 1 is known in many countries as May Day or International Labor Day for human rights of workers and labour movement. This day is a holiday in most countries, including UK,China, Cuba, Czech republic, France, Russia, Brazil, Austria, Germany, Serbia, Hungary, North Macedonia, Romania, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kenya, Slovenia, Slovakia, Norway, Sweden, Turkey, Portugal, Bulgaria, Vietnam and Argentina.

May Day commemorates worker demonstrations for eight-hour workweeks in Chicago, May, 1886. More specifically, it commemorates the Haymarket Affair and the execution of multiple anarchist and marxist leaders.

Beirut

Beirut is the capital of Lebanon. It is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities of the world. It is on a hilly promontory on the eastern Mediterranean surrounded to the east by the snow-capped mountains of Lebanon. Before the civil war it was a cultural center of the Arab World, a major international financial, banking and media center and was called the Switzerland of the Middle East. It was called the Paris of the Middle East.



Nancy Ajram

Nancy Ajram or Nancy Agram (, born May 16, 1980) is a popular Arab singer from Lebanon. Her musical videos, directed by Nadine Labaki, also Lebanese, revolutionized the Arab music industry.

She had quite a normal childhood with her small family that consisted of her parents, her sister and brother and herself. But when Nancy Ajram was 12, she participated in a television program called "Nojoum Al Mostakbal" (which means "Stars of the Future") and actually won first prize. Soon after, Ajram began studying music under the supervision of some of the finest teachers in her country. When she turned 18, she joined the Syndicate of Professional Artists in Lebanon - after they made an exception because of her age. 

Her first album; "Mehtagalak", was released in 1995 and marked her first official step in the world of show business. But, it took the young singer another 3 years to launch her second album Shil Eyounak Aney in 1998. Then her true hit came with her third album Ya Salam in 2000. The singer stressed the success of the album by shooting four of its songs; Akhasmak Ah, Ya Salam, Yay - Sehr Eyounoh and Nasseto Gar7o in the form of video clips. The clips were a tremendous hit and gained popularity in such a short time and gave the singer incredible fame in the Arab world. 

Her most popular album is Ah we Nos which was released in 2001. Nancy shot again four video clips for this Album. Ah w Noss, Lawn Oyounak, Oul Tani Eih and Enta Eih.

As for other activities besides singing, the Lebanese diva has agreed to be the spokesperson for the international soft drink company Coca-Cola. After signing the contract with Nancy Ajram, Coca-Cola sold much more drinks in the Arab world.



Fairuz

Fairuz (born Nouhad Haddad (, November 21, 1935) is a Lebanese singer. She is considered among the best singers in Arab world. She has been performing for over 50 years all over the world. Her vocal range is contralto. Her first album was released in 1952. She has released 98 more albums since then.

Nuhad Haddad was born in 1935 in Beirut, Lebanon to a Lebanese Christian Maronite family. She was the eldest child in the family. Her father worked as a typesetter at a print shop. In 1940's, Mohammed Flayfel, a musician and a teacher at the Lebanese Conservatory, discovered her when he was searching different schools for singers to perform in a newly opened radio station. He attended a show at the school where Nuhad was to sing. He was very impressed with her voice and adviced her family to enroll her in his conservatory. Her father allowed her to be enrolled but only on a condition that her brother would also go with her. Flayfel along with other staff at Lebanese Conservatory trained her for 5 years. She began singing for the Palestinian Cause and also sang for various Arab Capitals including Beirut. Soon, she was hired at the National Radio Station as a Chorus singer. During that time, many singers used stage names. Halim Al-Rumi, who wrote songs for her, recommended that Nahud Haddad perform under the name Fairuz, means "turquoise" in Arabic, which she accepted. in 1954, she married Assi Rahbani, who was a policeman and a part time composer.


Sword

A sword is a hand-held weapon made for cutting. It is often made of metal. It has a long blade, and a handle called a hilt. Often there is some form of hand protection, such as a cross-guard or a basket. It can be used either for cutting, slashing or stabbing, depending on the type of sword.

Swords were first created from bronze by blacksmiths in Ancient Egypt in 1150 BCE. Soon other cultures adopted them, and they began to spread quite quickly. Before guns were invented, swords were much more common as a weapon. After the invention of the gun, swords remained as "sidearms", as secondary weapons used in man-to-man fight once the battle lines had contacted after shooting. Since after the American Civil War, swords have not been used as much by armies, except as a ceremonial part of uniforms. Some guns, however, have bayonets to perform the same function.

Today, Sport fencing, is an Olympic games sport which uses very light swords and a strict scoring system. Western Martial Arts use swords that are much closer to the original blades, such as longswords, rapiers and sabres. The blades used are blunt, but they are much heavier than a sport fencing sword, which means the fencers need much more armour. Likewise, the Japanese sport kendo is swordplay in armour with two-handed bamboo swords called shinai.

There are many kinds of swords. One kind of sword is a "sabre" (or "saber"). A sabre is a curved, light sword, sharpened on one side and at the tip, and was generally used on horseback. A "broadsword" is a straight sword that is sharp on both sides and at the tip. A rapier is long and thin, with a basket protecting the hand. Another type of sword is a "foil", used in sport fencing, and is long and thin, with a button at the tip to protect the fencers from injury. Larger swords, such as Longswords or claymores are used with two hands. In Eastern martial Arts, swords like the Katana are used. A Katana has one sharp edge and a small guard near the handle. Some Katanas are used with one hand, while other larger versions are used with two hands.

The sword of King Arthur, Excalibur, is one of the most famous swords, although it is suspected it is legendary and does not exist.

In a Vietnamese legend, the Dragon King gives a sword called Heaven's Will to Emperor Lê Lợi so he can free Vietnam from the Chinese.

The Frisian freedom fighters Pier Gerlofs Donia and Wijerd Jelckama are known to have wielded swords of great size. Donias sword was a long as 210 cm (seven feet) and weighed 7 kg (15 lbs). The swords are kept in the Frisian Museum in Leeuwarden.

Moses

Moses (; in both the Septuagint and the New Testament; , "") is a person in Abrahamic religions. He was a religious leader, lawgiver, and prophet according to the Hebrew Bible. Generally, he is also seen as the author of the Torah. 
He is often called "Moshe Rabbenu" in Hebrew (, Lit. "Moses our Teacher/Rabbi") and seen as the most important prophet in Judaism. Christianity, Islam, the Bahá'í Faith, and the Rastafari also see him as an important prophet. Moses has also been an important symbol in American history, from the first settlers up until the present.

According to the Book of Exodus, Moses was born in a time when his people were increasing in number and the Egyptian Pharaoh was worried that they might help Egypt's enemies. Moses' Hebrew mother, Jochebed, hid him when the Pharaoh ordered all newborn Hebrew boys to be killed, and he ended up being adopted into the Egyptian royal family. After killing an Egyptian slave-master, Moses ran away to Midian where worked as a Shepherd for Jethro, a priest of Midian on the slopes of Mt. Horeb. After the Ten Plagues were unleashed on Egypt, Moses led the Hebrew people out of Egypt, across the Red Sea, where they based themselves at Horeb and compassed the borders of Edom. It was at this time that Moses received the Ten Commandments. Despite living to the age of 120, Moses died before reaching the Land of Israel.

Moses was born of the Levi tribe. The new Pharaoh, afraid of the ever-growing Israelite population, ordered every new-born Hebrew boy to be thrown into the Nile River, but let every girl live. Moses' mother Jochebed gave birth and kept him hidden for three months from Pharaoh's soldiers. When she could no longer keep him hidden, she fashioned a basket lined with tar and pitch, and placed him in the reeds along the riverbank, while his sister Miriam kept watch from a distance.

A princess, one of pharaoh's daughters, went down to the Nile to bathe. There she discovered a crying baby and noticed he was a Hebrew child. Joining the attendants, Moses' sister offered to find a Hebrew woman to nurse the baby for the princess, who agreed. Bringing Moses' real mother, the princess asked her to be the baby's wet nurse, for which she was paid. When the child grew older, she took him to pharaoh's daughter, who named him Moses, saying, "I drew him out of the water."

Moses grew up a privileged member of the court. He was well educated academically and physically. He was taught hand-to-hand combat tactics and leadership.

Upon adulthood, he killed an Egyptian guard who was beating a Hebrew slave and had to leave Egypt because the Pharaoh tried to kill him.

Moses fled to Midian, where he married Jethro's daughter, Zipora. Zipora had two sons. The old Pharaoh died and the Israelites cried loudly. God heard him. One day Moses was tending his father-in-law, Jethro's, sheep and came to Mount Horeb. God's angel made a bush burn with fire, but it did not burn up. When he came nearer, God spoke to him and ordered him to remove his shoes as he was on holy land. God commanded him to be a leader for the Israelites and bring them out of Egypt. At first Moses did not want to do it and said that he was not good with words, but God commanded him and gave Aaron, his brother, to speak for him. Moses returned to Egypt and told the elders what happened.

Moses then went to the Pharaoh and asked him to let the Israelites go. However the Pharaoh did not agree. Finally God inflicted ten plagues upon the Egyptians before Pharaoh agreed to release the Israelites. The last plague was the killing of all first-born, both human and animals. However, to save the Israelites, they were instructed to mark their doors with blood from a lamb, so that the avenging angel would see it and know to "pass over" that house.

The Pharaoh finally decided to let the Israelites go who then migrated in large numbers from Egypt. The Pharaoh later changed his mind and followed Moses and his people with an army to attack them. But Moses made the Red Sea to part and give way for Israelites to pass. The Israelites were safe but the Pharaoh's army was destroyed.

Moses led the Israelites through the wilderness, and God gave them manna and quails to eat, and water from rocks to drink. He also caused the Amalekites to lose in a battle. When Moses came to Mount Sinai, he went up to receive the Ten Commandments and other laws from God. The Ten Commandments were written by God on two tablets. God also told him the instructions of the priests' duties. Moses was up the mountain for forty days and forty nights.

When the people waited for Moses and did not find him, they made Aaron, his brother, make a calf out of gold and worshiped it. God warned Moses about it, and when Moses came down and saw what they did, he was so angry that the tablets fell and they smashed into pieces. The people of Levi tribes are commanded to kill people who worshiped the calf.

Later on Moses asked God to forgive the people. God wrote for Moses two more tablets, and put them in the Ark. Moses also asked craftsmen to make the Tabernacle as God wanted.

To some people, Moses is the founder of the philosophy of law as well as such modern legal doctrines as independent judiciary and separation of powers..

While the Israelites were wandering around the wilderness, Moses was the one to whom God spoke. However, the people kept complaining about the hardships. God instructed Moses to send twelve spies to scout the land God is giving to them; however some of them became afraid because the people living there looked stronger and more powerful than they. They told the others not to go there. Only Joshua, son of Nun, and Caleb, son of Jephunneh, reported the truth as God wanted. God decided because of this that the Israelites would wander forty years in the wilderness, and every one except Joshua and Caleb from that generation would die without seeing the promised land.

God gave many laws to the Israelites through Moses. Moses made Joshua take over him before he died.

Moses died before he reached Canaan, the land God was leading his people to. He was 120 years old when he died.

Today Jews around the world follow the laws of the Ten Commandments and the Torah that God gave to them through Moses. He is also believed to be a prophet by Muslims.

The Bible, the Torah, and the Quran have references to a person called "Moses" in them. The name they give to the person, varies. Other people also have written about Moses. These include Tacitus and Strabo. It is not known how much these descriptions have taken from earlier sources, which may now have been lost.

No other written records from countries such as Egypt or Assyria have been found, that are from before about 850 BCE and that tell about the stories of the Bible or its main characters. There is no known physical evidence (such as pottery shards or stone tablets) to say that Moses' really existed. Pharaohs have ordered the destruction of records that put them into a bad light. Several cartouches from monuments have also been destroyed in different epochs of Ancient Egyptian history.

It looks like the story written about Moses in the Bible has two different sources. There were two groups of people who told the story. The two stories were passed on separately. Only later were they combined into the version that can now be found in the Bible. Passing on the stories from one generation to the next has perhaps also introduced inaccuracies. Some people added things to the story when they told it. They also omitted other things.

According to the Torah, Moses ordered the death penalty for many offences. He also had defeated enemies killed. Jews, Christians and Muslims consider him to be a holy figure. For this reason, criticism of these passages of the Hebrew Bible has been left to others.

In the late eighteenth century, for example, the deist Thomas Paine commented at length on Moses' Laws in "The Age of Reason". Paine also gave his view that "the character of Moses, as stated in the Bible, is the most horrid that can be imagined", giving the story at as an example. In the nineteenth century the agnostic Robert G. Ingersoll wrote "...that all the ignorant, infamous, heartless, hideous things recorded in the 'inspired' Pentateuch are not the words of God, but simply 'Some Mistakes of Moses'". In the 2000s, the atheist Richard Dawkins referring to the same passage like Paine, concluded, "No, Moses was not a great role model for modern moralists."



Canaan

Canaan was an ancient region in the Levant. In the Bible, it was the land promised to Abraham and his children by God. The Canaanite people lived in the area from about 2000 BC until the time of the Bible. The area covers part of the area that is now Israel, Palestine, Syria and Lebanon. It was conquered by the ancient Israelites. This is confirmed through @Thegoodgreenscreenklds on youtube.

Prophet

Prophets are people who said that God or gods talked to them. They freely teach other people what they learned. Most of them warn people that something very good will happen if they live good lives. Or if they sin, God will punish them. Sometimes people who are not religious are also called prophets if they correctly predict the future. Persons who think bad things will happen are sometimes made fun of as being "prophets of doom". A person who says things will happen, but they don't happen are called "false prophets". 

There are prophets in Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Mormonism, Sanamahism, Zoroastrianism, and in other religions. 

For the main Abrahamic religions, there are two kinds of prophets, major and minor. Major prophets gave a lot of teachings while minor prophets do not have many teachings. Isaiah and Elijah are also important. Elijah didn't write any books in the Bible but did many miracles and told kings that God would punish them. 

In Christianity, Jesus was the main prophet. Other Christian prophets are mentioned in the New Testament, both men and women. John, a disciple of Jesus wrote the Book of Revelation which has many prophecies. 

In Islam, Muhammad is considered the last prophet. Muslims also consider Moses and Jesus to be prophets and many others who lived before the time of Muhammed. Some modern religions say that their founder is a prophet, such as Joseph Smith. The famous preacher Billy Graham is sometimes called a prophet.


Cotopaxi

Mount Cotopaxi is a volcano in Ecuador. The mountain's altitude (height) is . That is high enough for snow to fall on it, even though it is near the equator (a very warm part of the world). If the volcano erupted, it would be very bad for the people living around it because of the destruction and damage it could cause.

Cotopaxi began showing new activity. As of 25 June 2015, it was under active watch by the National Polytechnic School Geophysics Institute.

The Geophysics Institute at the National Polytechnic School in Quito houses an international team of seismologists and volcanologists whose responsibility is to monitor Ecuadors numerous active volcanoes
and the constant seismic activity in the Andean Volcanic Belt and the Galapagos Islands.

Israelites

Israelites were a Semitic people of the ancient Middle East. They lived in part of what was Canaan during the time of the Bible. This area came to be called the Land of Israel. It usually refers to a member of one of the Tribes of Israel. The term Children of Israel is also used, especially when talking about the period of the Five Books of Moses.

Israelites lived in the kingdom of Israel, in areas where the modern State of Israel is now. Israel split off from a kingdom called Judah, whose people were later called Jews. Israel was conquered by the Assyrians in 721 BCE. Judah was conquered by the Babylonians in 586 BCE. Many Jews were taken away from Judah. When the Achaemenid Empire defeated the Babylonians they let the Jews return to rebuild the Second Temple in Jerusalem about 70 years later.


January 14

January 14 is celebrated as New Year's Day by those still following the Julian calendar.













Bali

Bali () is an island and a province in Indonesia. The province includes the island of Bali and a few other islands. About 4,300,000 people live in Bali. Bali's most important city is Denpasar. Hinduism is Bali's largest religion. More than 90% of its people are Hindus. Textiles and garments are 45% of their exports. The currency in Bali is the Indonesian rupiah (IDR). The literacy rate for Bali is 95%.

Bali is a popular place for tourists. They have many historic temples and rice fields. Bali has great views and beautiful beaches and volcanoes. Hindu ceremonies, shadow puppet shows, and traditional dance are also very popular. 


Bali is a volcanic island. The two main volcanos are Mount Agung and Mount Batur. Mount Agung is sacred to the Balinese people.

Mount Agung is an active volcano, with a deep, large crater. Sometimes smoke and ash comes out of the crater. The last major eruptions occurred in November 2017.

Flag of the People's Republic of China

The Flag of China has one big star and four small yellow stars on a red background.
The big star stands for the communist government, and the four small stars stand for the workers, peasants, middle-class citizens and soldiers.
The red background stands for the blood lost while the history of China was made.


The Prince

The Prince is a book written by Niccolò Machiavelli, who lived in the city of Florence in the country of Italy. The book was published in 1513. 

The book talks about politics and government. During his life, Machiavelli saw many changes in the government of Florence. He thought a lot about what a king or prince should do to make a strong government. In the book, he said the ruler had to get a lot of power. 

One of the things he said that made people worried, was that ethics and politics are different. A person might have to do things that are "wrong" to get power. This thought made his works scandalous.

Some people think that Machiavelli was being honest with his advice and saying what he really thought. Other people think that Machiavelli was playing a joke on princes who wanted too much power and did not care about what was right.


Round

Round or rounds may refer to:






512

512 was a leap year.


United Russia

United Russia () is a Russian political party, which usually labels itself centrist and conservationist. Former President and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev is leader of this party. Incumbent President Vladimir Putin, though a not a member of the party, is its de-facto Leader.

The party has most of the seats in the State Duma and in the Regional Parliaments. Because of this, United Russia is the most powerful political party in Russia. Two large parties merged in 2001 to form United Russia.

Tiger

The tiger ("Panthera tigris") is the largest living member of the cat family, the Felidae. It feeds by hunting. It lives in Asia, mainly India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, China, Korea and Siberian Russia. Tigers are solitary animals.

There are tigers with distinct colors. Most tigers have orange fur with black stripes, and a white belly. The black stripes usually extend to the white underside. The stripes are vertical on the tiger's body, but the stripes are horizontal on the forehead, and the legs. The tail has rings, and the tail tip is black. The stripes are used to keep them camouflaged while hunting. No two tigers have the same pattern of stripes. Most Bengal tigers have orange fur, but some Bengal tigers have white fur with black stripes, or that even have pure white fur. These white tigers are not albinos with red eyes. The white coat only appears once in every 100
births. The Bengal tiger is the national animal of Bangladesh and India.
Tigers vary in size depending on their subspecies. Siberian tigers are the largest. Males can grow to at least long (body length) and weigh about . Females are a bit smaller. Record weight for males is claimed as , but this cannot be confirmed.

Tigers can live in a variety of habitats. Mostly they need to hide, to be near a water source, and have enough prey to eat. Tigers are solitary and they all control large amounts of territory, the size of which depends on the availability of various food for tigers and prey. According to Tigers-World, a male tiger may live and hunt in an area of 60 to 100 square kilometers (23 to 39 square miles). A female tiger may have 20 square kilometers (8 square miles). According to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, a single tiger can live in a territory as small as 21 square kilometers (8 square miles) to as large as 995 square kilometers (385 square miles). Bengal tigers in particular live in many types of forests. These include the wet, evergreen of Assam and eastern Bengal; the swampy mangrove forest of the Ganges Delta; the deciduous forest of Nepal, and the thorn forests of the Western Ghats.

As previously thought, the tiger had five living subspecies. In this context, 'recently' means in the last two centuries. Three tiger subspecies are extinct (†). 

However, in 2017, the Cat Classification Task Force of the IUCN Cat Specialist Group revised felid taxonomy and recognized the tiger populations in continental Asia as "P. t. tigris", and those in the Sunda Islands as "P. t. sondaica".

Tigers are becoming rare, because people hunt them for their coat (skin) and destroy the habitats they live in. The Bengal tiger has the largest population with 3,500 left in the wild. To help keep the tiger population, tigers are often placed in zoos. In order for tigers to survive into the next century, governments throughout the tigers’ range must show greater determination and commitment to conserve tigers and their habitats.

Chinese tigers have been used for centuries in traditional Chinese medicine. Body parts such as their whiskers and bones are used to treat things such as toothaches, malaria, and burns.

Tigers also kill and eat peoples' livestock, which are easier to hunt than their typical prey, because they are often in fenced or closed areas and livestock may not be able to flee. Sometimes tigers hunt people as prey and eat them, because they are either too old, injured, or ill to hunt their typical animal prey which are much faster than people. These too are a reason why tigers are killed by people.

Tigers eat many types of prey, mostly ungulates. Some examples are deer, monkeys, wild rabbits, wild pigs, tapirs, water buffalo and other animals found in Asia. They also eat birds, reptiles and fish. They also prey on other predators, including dogs, leopards, bears, snakes and crocodiles. All are carnivores (meat eaters). Some tigers may eat up to of meat a day. Tigers kill their prey by clamping down on the prey's throat and suffocating it.

1735

1735 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.


Leopard

A leopard ("Panthera pardus") is a big cat of the genus "Panthera". It lives in Africa and Asia. It has a well-camouflaged fur (marked with rosettes), opportunistic hunting behaviour, stealthiness, elusiveness, broad diet, and strength. It adapts to many habitats from rainforest to steppe, including dry and montane areas.

The leopard is a secretive big cat. Unlike lions, leopards are usually solitary and do not live in groups, though it is not uncommon for young leopards to seek out the company of other leopards. Some territorial males even establish relatively tolerant relationships with the females in their immediate vicinity. Leopards live in habitats where there are some trees. They climb trees well, and do so regularly. They can carry prey up a tree and keep it safe from hyenas and lions. Trees are its main escape from attacks by lions or packs of dogs. It is an ambush predator, and operates best where it has some cover. Leopards come out to hunt in the afternoon or late at night.

The most similar cat in its lifestyle is the jaguar, which lives in Central and South America. Both leopards and jaguars that are melanistic are called black panthers.

Leopards generally have tan fur with black rosettes and spots, and a lighter coloured underside. But there can be a lot of differences in the different leopard subspecies. There are also leopards who are completely black, those are also called black panthers. Male leopards are about 30% larger than female leopards.

Originally the leopard lived in all of Africa (but not in the Sahara) and southern Asia. But today many leopard subspecies, especially in Asia, are endangered. Leopards live in a lot of different environments: mountains, rainforests and savannas.

Most references to leopards describe them as nocturnal, and while it is undoubtedly true that they are often active at night, it is not uncommon to encounter a leopard moving or even hunting during the day, even in extreme temperatures.
The leopard is an ambush hunter. It can climb very well, and it stays up in trees a lot of its time. Young leopards leave their mothers after 13 – 18 months.

Leopards are unpredictable animals. The leopard's ability to surprise its prey is one of the factors that makes it such a lethal predator.

Leopards hunt at different times, and they also use different methods for hunting. Most often leopards will secretly move towards their prey and attack it when they are close, or hide and wait for it to come close.

Leopards are versatile, opportunistic hunters, and have a very wide diet. Leopards are carnivores. They prey on antelope, zebras, warthogs, buffalo, wildebeest, wild boar and deer, but they also prey on rodents, hares, fish, birds, snakes, lizards, turtles, monkeys and even jackals. Leopards are the only natural predators of adult chimpanzees and gorillas, though probably not the large male silverback gorillas. Leopards do not usually eat humans, but sometimes leopards that are hurt or sick can attack and eat people when they do not have enough to eat. A leopard in India is believed to have eaten more than 125 people.

There are nine subspecies of leopards recognized today, one in Africa and eight in Asia. They are:


Jaguar

The jaguar ("Panthera onca") is a big cat (feline) of the genus "Panthera". It lives in South and Central America.

The jaguar is the third-largest feline after the tiger and the lion. It is also the largest and most powerful feline in the Western Hemisphere.

Because of its spots, jaguars look like leopards, though it is usually larger and stronger, and its behavior is more like that of a tiger. It likes to stay near water, and like the tiger, it is famous for being a big cat that enjoys swimming. It usually hunts alone.

The jaguar has a very powerful strong bite, even compared to other big cats. Because of its strong bite, jaguars can bite through armoured reptiles like caimans, crocodiles, turtles and tortoises. Jaguars kill their prey in an unusual way: they bite directly through the skull between the ears and into the brain.

Jaguars have yellow or sometimes yellow-orange fur with brown and black rosettes and spots. They are big and heavy and also have very strong muscles which makes them really powerful. They cannot climb well, but they can swim.

Sometimes there are jaguars who are completely black, but if you look closely you can still see the spots. They are called "black panther" or just "panther".
This is a 'colour morph' of the same species, a kind of polymorphism.

Jaguars live in South America and Central America. They mostly live in rainforests, but also in savannas, swamps, grasslands, forest, deserts and open areas.

Jaguars are not specialized with their food, but eat almost anything they get: big and small mammals, birds, reptiles, fish and livestock. It is an ambush predator. When hunting, they usually try to secretly get very close to the prey, and then the jaguar suddenly jumps at it and throws it down. The jaguar bites the skull of its prey to kill it. It then takes the prey to a safe place and eats it.

After a pregnancy of about 100 days the female gives birth to usually 1 - 4 babies. The young leave their family after 1–2 years, and they become mature at about 3 years. Jaguars can live up to 10–12 years old in freedom, but in captivity (such as in zoos) they can live to 20–22 years old.


Cheetah

A cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus") is a medium large cat which lives in Africa. It is the fastest land animal and can run up to 112 kilometers per hour for a short time. Most cheetahs live in the savannas of Africa. There are a few in Asia. Cheetahs are active during the day, and hunt in the early morning or late evening.

The cheetah compared to other big cats is light and slimly built. Its long thin legs and long spotted tail are necessary for fast running. Its lightly built, thin form is in sharp contrast with the robust build of other big cats. The head-and-body length ranges from . The cheetah stands 70 to 90 cm at the shoulder, and weighs .

The slightly curved claws are only weakly retractable (semi-retractable). This is a major point of difference between the cheetah and the other big cats, which have fully retractable claws.

Cheetahs are active during the day, and hunt in the early morning or late evening. Cheetahs are carnivores. They prey on antelope, wildebeest, zebras, warthogs, hares, birds, rodents, snakes, fish, lizards and even jackals.

When the cheetah hunts, it slowly and secretly moves toward its prey. When it is close to the prey (about 10–30 meters), it runs after it very quickly. Cheetahs kill their prey by tripping it during the chase. To kill medium- to large-sized prey, the cheetah bites the prey's throat to suffocate it to death. A bite on the back of the neck or the snout is enough to kill smaller prey.

The cheetah cannot defend itself against lions or hyenas who would take the cheetah's prey away. The prey is taken to a shaded place. The cheetah, exhausted after the chase, rests beside the kill and pants heavily for some time. Once they recover, cheetahs eat quickly, and consume large quantities as soon as they can.

Pregnant females give birth to about 3 to 5 cubs or kittens after three months pregnancy. It takes two years of full-time supervision by the mother before the cubs are ready to live independent lives. They need to learn how to catch prey, and that takes time. The young are vulnerable to larger predators: lions especially try to kill cheetahs.

The cheetah has unusually low genetic variability and a very low sperm count. Their sperms also suffer from deformed flagellae, and so their movement is damaged. Apparently, cheetahs went through a great reduction in numbers during the last ice age. Inbreeding after the event further reduced the variation (genetic drift). 

Due to the fact that cheetahs never attack and kill humans they were extremely popular as hunting pets since antiquity and especially in medieval times in the Near and Middle East.

In modern times, cheetahs probably are the most difficult wilds cats to have as pets, due to the necessity for wide open spaces for cheetah for them to run at full speed . It's very important to feed them properly, because cheetahs in captivity must eat only lean steamed meat so they do not get sick and perish.

The cheetah is the fastest land dweller.
The acceleration of a cheetah allows it to reach speeds of up to a hundred kilometers per hour in three seconds (its maximum speed is 112 kilometers per hour). The speed that a cheetah can develop from the start in three seconds cannot be matched by any sports racing car.

The nearest challenge to the cheetah's speed comes from the pronghorn and springbok.

1794

1794 was a common year.



Quartz

Quartz is a tectosilicate mineral that is the second most common mineral in Earth's continental crust. Its crystal structure is a framework of SiO silicon–oxygen tetrahedra. Each shares an oxygen atom with another tetrahedron, so the overall chemical formula is SiO or silica.

Its name is derived from the German "quarz," which sounds the same but is spelled without a t.

There are many different varieties of quartz, some of which are semi-precious gemstones. They have been used for a long time to make jewelry and hardstone carvings. Agate, amethyst, rose quartz are all forms of quartz.

Quartz crystals are used in oscillators, for example in quartz clocks. People also extract the silicon to make semiconductors.
The majority of sand is small quartz bits. Quartz has a mineral hardness of 7. (mohs scale).

The word "quartz" comes from the German word "quarz".

'Fused quartz' is glass made of silica in non-crystalline form. It does not contain other ingredients that are added to other glass to lower the melting point. Fused silica has high working and melting temperatures. For some purposes, fused quartz is better than other types of glass due to its purity. The glass is used in a number of high-tech products.

Quartz comes in many different types such as clear quartz, smoky quartz, tiger's eye, lemon quartz and many more. There are many microcrystalline types of quartz, like Jasper, Onyx, Agate and Carnelian.

Shocked quartz is a form of quartz that has a microscopic structure different from normal quartz. Under intense pressure (but limited temperature), the crystalline structure of quartz is deformed along planes inside the crystal. These planes show up as lines under a microscope.

Shocked quartz is found worldwide, especially in impact craters and in the thin Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary layer. This is at the contact between Cretaceous and Paleogene rocks. It is further evidence (in addition to iridium enrichment) that the transition between the two geologic periods was caused by a large impact. Eugene Shoemaker discovered it in building stones in the Bavarian town of Nördlingen. The stones were from shocked metamorphic rocks, such as breccia, of a meteor crater.


Pink Floyd

Pink Floyd were an English rock band that became famous in the 1960s and 1970s. They performed for more than 30 years, and have sold more than 200 million (200,000,000) albums. They are famous for their live shows and deep music. Most of their albums are concept albums, which means every song is linked through a theme. Their first album was "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn", which was released in 1967. Their latest album is "The Endless River", which was released in November 2014. The band was named after the blues artists "Pink Anderson" and "Floyd Council" by Syd Barrett, one of the band's founder members. In 2005, they played at a concert called Live Aid after 24 years of not playing together. The line up was David Gilmour, Roger Waters, Nick Mason and Richard Wright. They have made some very popular albums, including "The Dark Side of the Moon," which was released in 1973 and "The Wall," which was released in 1979. After Richard Wright died in 2008, David Gilmour said that he did not want to reunite, despite Roger saying he might want to.

Syd Barrett started the group, and played guitar and sang in the band. He left soon after, at the start of 1968, because of a mental illness that was made worse by heavy drug use. The other people in the band were Roger Waters (bass guitar and vocals), David Gilmour (lead guitar and vocals), Richard Wright (keyboard and vocals), and Nick Mason (drums). David Gilmour joined the band in 1968. Roger Waters quit the band in 1985. 

During most of their career, they played a kind of rock music that some people call "progressive rock".

The original members of Pink Floyd met in an architectural college. The band started as a blues band. Later, under Syd Barrett's leadership, they played music that was psychedelic in style. After Barrett left the band, they started to play longer and more complicated songs, and to play at a lot of colleges and universities. Soon, they were famous as studio musicians who loved to experiment with music. On the album "Atom Heart Mother", from 1970, they used a brass band and a choir.

They used a lot of things to make their concerts interesting to watch. They had a round movie screen on the stage. They would show videos on the screen when they played. They also used lighting and lasers in a much fancier way than many bands do. They also had big balloon puppets. The most famous is in the shape of a pig, which first appeared on the cover for their album, "Animals". The pig has since become a symbol of Pink Floyd. Another symbol that reminds people of Pink Floyd is a prism with light shining through it. This was on the cover of "Dark Side of the Moon", one of their most popular albums. The album was released in 1973, and stayed on music charts for a very long time. Millions of people bought it.

The album "The Wall", recorded in 1979, was also famous. It was made into a movie, directed by Alan Parker, in 1982. That album is important to the history of the group. It talks about the distance they put between them and their fans. It was the last album they all worked on together before starting to split up. 

Roger Waters forced Richard Wright to leave the band in 1979, but Wright came back in 1987, after Waters quit. Waters tried to sue the other members so that they could not call themselves Pink Floyd without him, but he did not succeed. Because of this and other reasons, there was a lot of anger and bitterness between Waters and the other members of the band, especially Gilmour.

The last album of new songs that Pink Floyd released is called "The Division Bell". It was made in 1994, when Pink Floyd also played their last concert tour. The last time that Pink Floyd played was in 2005, as part of the Live 8 concerts for charity. Waters sang with the band for the first time since leaving the band. It was a big surprise to many people who thought Pink Floyd would never play together again, especially not with Roger Waters.

Syd Barrett died of pancreatic cancer in 2006. Richard Wright died of cancer in 2008.

In 2014, Pink Floyd released their first album in over 20 years: "The Endless River".

In 2022, the band released "Hey, Hey, Rise Up!". It was a single released to support Ukraine when Russia invaded them.




Pope John Paul I

Pope John Paul I (; , 17 October 1912 – 28 September 1978), born Albino Luciani, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 264th Pope for 33 days in 1978. His name was a combination of the names of the two popes who came before him. The name "John Paul" honors Pope John XXIII who made him a bishop and Pope Paul VI who raised him to the rank of cardinal. Pope John Paul I was beatified by Pope Francis on 04 September 2022.

Luciani was born in Canale d'Agordo, a small town between Venice and the Austrian border with Italy. His father was a migrant worker in Switzerland.

Luciani began his priesthood in the parishes of his home region. In 1937, he became a professor of theology and vice-rector of Belluno seminary.

He was made Bishop of Vittorio Veneto in 1969. He understood his role as bishop in a modest way:
In 1972, Pope Paul VI made Luciani a cardinal. and the Patriarch of Venice.

Cardinal Luciani was elected Pope in 1978, John Paul I was the first pope to combine the names of John and Paul as a Pope as his way of paying tribute to Pope John XXIII and Pope Paul VI. He was the first Pope to call himself by a new name since Pope Lando in 913.

He was known as "the Smiling Pope".

John Paul I died of a heart attack on 28 September 1978, 33 days after his election.





1912

1912 (MCMXII) was a leap year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.














Ted Cassidy

Ted Cassidy (July 31, 1932 - January 16, 1979) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Lurch and Thing on "The Addams Family".

Cassidy died of surgery-related problems to remove a tumor from his heart on January 16, 1979.

Aileen Wuornos

Aileen Carol Wuornos Pralle (born Aileen Carol Pittman; February 29, 1956 – October 9, 2002) was an American serial killer. She was born in Rochester, Michigan. She confessed to killing six men in Florida and was executed in Florida State Prison by lethal injection for the murders. Wuornos said that the men she killed had raped her or tried to rape her while she was working as a prostitute.

Wuornos was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder and borderline personality disorder.

The movie, "Monster" is about her life. Two documentaries were made about her.

Wuornos was born Aileen Carol Pittman in Rochester, Michigan. She never met her father. Wuornos was adopted by her grandparents. When she was 13 she became pregnant. She started working as a prostitute when she was 14.

Crater

A crater is a round dent on a planet. They are usually shaped like a circle or an oval. They are usually made by something like a meteor hitting the surface of a planet. Underground activity such as volcanoes or explosions can also cause them but it's not as likely.


Store

Store has several meanings:


March 19

March 19 is usually the last day of the winter season in the Northern Hemisphere, and the last day of the summer season in the Southern Hemisphere.












March 15

In the Roman calendar March 15 was known as the Ides of March, and it was on this day that Julius Caesar was murdered.














April 30

It is the last day of the first third of the year.












Transgender

Transgender people are people who identify or feel differently from their assigned sex at birth. It is considered a gender modality in which gender identity differs from the gender assigned at birth.

The word "transgender" can describe many different people. People with different ideas about their genders might think of themselves as transgender. These people use different words to describe their gender. The term "trans people" is often used as a short version of "transgender people".

Some common definitions of the words used in this article are listed here:


These definitions are important to help understand that what people look like outside (sex) is not always the same as how they feel inside (gender). Some people do not fit into the "gender binary".

Please note that "transgender" is best used as an adjective. Using the word as a noun can be considered offensive.

There are many subgroups of people who are included in the term transgender. Not all transgender people fit into these groups. Some of the big groups are:


The following groups of people are "not" necessarily transgender:

People like those who, in modern Western societies, are now identified as transgender or transsexual, have been documented in many cultures and for thousands of years. However, only in the last century have science and medicine developed ways to change the bodies of trans people who want this.

People who have traits that are different from the sex they are born with, have been accepted in some societies, both historically and now. For example, some Native American tribes accepted "two-spirit" people. Similarly a Tongan person born with a male body who acts and dresses in a female way is known in the local dialect as a "fakaleiti".

The "hijra" in India are born physically male, but live as women, including dressing and socializing as female. In the past they used to castrate themselves and even remove the penis in order to urinate through a small hole. Now, with the arrival of western medicine, many hijari choose to take hormone therapies and sometimes have sex reassignment surgery. Many of these people still call themselves "hijra", but some now call themselves "transsexuals" or "transgender women". The role of hijari in society is complex and varied throughout all of India.

In western society, there have often been people who have chosen to act and dress in a way that was not gender specific, or was not that of the sex they were assigned at birth. This is not the same as being transgender. Cross dressing actors were very popular in the theatre of the late 19th century.

An example of a transgender person is the 19th century military surgeon who was known as James Barry. It is now believed that Barry was born female but disguised his sex all his adult life. Barry's work, which saved, and helped thousands of lives by improving treatment of wounds to stop amputations, would not have been possible, as a woman, because as a female he could never have attended medical school or entered the army.

A 20th century example of a transgender person is Jan Morris, a geographer, explorer and journalist, who began life as James Morris. As "James", Morris married and had children, but felt female and eventually became Jan Morris.

Transgender people are not accepted by all people and all societies. Transgender people suffer discrimination, violence, and even murder. Transgender people have fought and worked hard to get many rights and protections in some societies. In many places, the fight for transgender rights is associated with the fight for gay and bisexual rights. Together these groups are sometimes described by the acronym "LGBT" for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.

However, some transgender people do not want to be a part of the LGB (lesbian, gay and bisexual) community, as they may see themselves as heterosexual and not feel like they belong with gay or queer people, and some LGB people do not want to be a part of the transgender community, as they may be transphobic, which means that they may have a fear or dislike of transgender people, or they may not want heterosexuals to see sexuality and gender identity as the same thing. However, gay and transgender people often have some of the same problems in society, so many gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people try to work together to solve all of their problems.

Many transgender people have mental health problems. A 2012 study of British transgender people found that 84% had considered suicide. 55% had been diagnosed with depression. 33% had not been diagnosed with depression, but thought that they had it in the past or at the time of the survey. 53% had self-harmed. 38% of had been diagnosed with anxiety. 31% were using antidepressants and 44% had used them at some time.
A study of 164 Irish transgender people found that 80% had considered suicide. 40% of those had attempted suicide at least once. 44% had self-harmed. The reason for these high numbers is often seen as a result of discrimination and social problems. Transgender youth sometimes hurt, injure or kill themselves because they are bullied by other people, or because they feel very unhappy having their body become an adult body that they do not want because they feel it is the wrong body. Some people (usually social conservatives) say the rates of self-harm and suicide are high because transgender people are mentally ill.

Some studies however have shown that transgender people may have better mental health and commit suicide less often when they live as their preferred gender.

Transgender people who want to take medicine and have surgery to change their bodies face several problems. In order to change their bodies, they must have doctors who will help them make the changes. Sometimes, they can not do this because doctors will not help them. They may also not be able to do this because even if a doctor would treat them, they may not be able to afford the medicine or surgery. But the Declaration of Montreal says that such medical care should be given to them by public health insurance.

Some people believe that being transgender is a disease, sometimes called gender identity disorder. Many transgender people do not like being labelled as having a disease, which they feel causes them to be seen and treated badly. Others believe that they should be labelled this way, because some governments and insurance companies will not pay for transgender people's medical treatment unless it is considered a disease. Also, In places that do not have laws that protect transgender people from discrimination, they may only be protected under laws that protect people with diseases or disabilities.

Doctors do not agree on one way of viewing being transgender. Some doctors view it as a birth defect that can easily be fixed, others may not even think that being transgender is a medical condition. Since May 25th, 2019, the World Health Organization does not see being transgender as a disease or mental health problem, asking many countries to comply as well. One of the international human rights laws of the Yogyakarta Principles (Principal 18), disagrees with any use of a medical disease label.

About 50% of transgender people have been sexually assaulted.

Transgender people have problems with laws and regulations about sex. To be seen and treated as the sex they wish, transgender people usually have to change their first name. (Though some names are unisex, which means that they can be used by both men and women, transgender people with a unisex name may still want to change their name, though this is not always the case.) They also may want to change their identity documents to say the correct sex. For example, a transgender woman may wish to change her birth certificate or driving license to say her new female name and to say that she is a female.

These changes can protect transgender people from discrimination. For example, transgender people often have a hard time traveling because they may look like one sex but have another on their papers. These changes can also be needed for transgender people to be allowed to marry their spouses in places where it is illegal for people of the same sex to marry. These changes can even protect transgender people from a wide variety of violence. Some transgender people are only recognized when their documents reveal them. Being revealed as transgender can put people in danger because of transphobia (fear and/or hatred of transgender people).

In many places, it is hard or not possible for transgender people to change their legal sex, with or without having genital surgery, which is required in many places. This is against the Yogyakarta Principles. This is changing, however. The United Kingdom passed the Gender Recognition Act of 2004. This act allows people to have their change of sex officially recognized without surgery. Once changed, they legally become their new sex.

August 31

It is the last day of the second third of the year.












1485

1485 was a common year.




Noon

Noon is the time exactly halfway through the day (12.00-12:00 in the 24-hour clock and 12:00 PM-12:00 PM in the 12-hour clock). Midday also means noon, although this also means "around" noon, or very early afternoon.

Solar noon is when the sun appears the highest in the sky, compared to its positions during the rest of the day. It occurs when the Sun is exactly halfway between sunrise (dawn) and sunset. This is also the origin of the terms a.m. and p.m., "ante meridiem" and "post meridiem". At solar noon, the sun is due south seen from the Northern Hemisphere, and due north seen from the Southern Hemisphere. The sun is directly overhead at solar noon at the Equator on the equinoxes; at Tropic of Cancer (latitude 23½°N) on the summer solstice in June; and at Tropic of Capricorn (23½°S) on the winter solstice in December.

Because of the use of time zones and daylight saving time, the highest point of the sun and a clock time of noon are usually different. 

The opposite of noon is midnight.

In traditional magical thinking, noon represents with heaven, order and life. 

24-hour clock

The 24-hour clock is a way of telling the time in which the day runs from midnight to midnight and is divided into 24 hours, numbered from 0 to 23. It does not use a.m. or p.m. This system is also referred to (only in the United States and the English speaking parts of Canada) as military time or (only in the United Kingdom and now very rarely) as continental time. In some parts of the world, it is called railway time. Also, the international standard notation of time (ISO 8601) is based on this format.

A time in the 24-hour clock is written in the form hours:minutes (for example, 01:23), or hours:minutes:seconds (01:23:45). Numbers under 10 have a zero in front (called a leading zero); e.g. 09:07. Under the 24-hour clock system, the day begins at midnight, 00:00, and the last minute of the day begins at 23:59 and ends at 24:00, which is identical to 00:00 of the following day. 12:00 can only be noon (midday). Midnight is called 24:00 and is used to mean the end of the day and 00:00 is used to mean the beginning of the day. For example, you would say "Tuesday at 24:00" and "Wednesday at 00:00" to mean exactly the same time.
However, the U.S. military prefers not to say 24:00 - they do not like to have two names for the same thing, so they always say "23:59", which is one minute before midnight.
24-hour clock time is used in computers, by the militaries, for public safety, and in transport. In many African, Asian, European and Latin American countries people use it to write the time. Many people use it in speaking.

Many digital wristwatches and clocks can display the time of day using the 24-hour clock.

In railway timetables 24:00 means the "end" of the day. For example, a train due to arrive at a station during the last minute of a day arrives at 24:00; but trains which depart during the first minute of the day go at 00:00.

To write shop opening hours until midnight use, for example, "00:00–24:00", "07:00–24:00".

Advantages over the 12-hour clock system:

Fifth Avenue

Fifth Avenue is a large avenue in New York City (U.S.). Running from Greenwich Village in southern Manhattan to Harlem in the north, the avenue marks the line dividing Manhattan into two parts, called the East Side and the West Side. The nearest avenues, on either side, are Madison Avenue (east) and Sixth Avenue (west), also known as the Avenue of the Americas.

There are many famous sights, such as the New York Public Library, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center and Central Park (which runs along the west side, between 59th and 110th Street). On Fifth Avenue there are many expensive shops like Gucci.


Yarm

Yarm is a small town in North East England, in Stockton-on-Tees, North Yorkshire. It is next to the River Tees and the River Leven. It has a railway station. From 1974 to 1996 it was part of Cleveland, England.

Ulster Volunteer Force

The Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) is a loyalist paramilitary (civilians trained as soldiers) group based in Northern Ireland. It was formed in 1966. Its name comes from the UVF of World War I. The Ulster Volunteer Force was started as a Protestant/Unionist militia (citizen military force) in 1912 to oppose the Home Rule campaign for a separate Irish parliament. Many UVF members formed the 36th (Ulster) Division that fought with the British Army in World War I. The Progressive Unionist Party is the political wing of the outlawed Ulster Volunteer Force and Red Hand Commando. Although the PUP is called a loyalist fringe party, it has more moderate unionist views than any of the traditional unionist parties.

During the Troubles in Northern Ireland (1969-1998), the UVF carried out many attacks:

After a continuous campaign of 28 years, the UVF called a ceasefire in October 1994. They stated in October 2007 that they had ended their campaign and in June 2009 they announced they had decommissioned (destroyed their weapons), however the UVF have been involved in a number of incidents since then, which has put the announcement in doubt.

From the organization's creation in 1966 and ending of campaign in 2007, the UVF were responsible for at least 400 murders, however it is believed the actual figure is closer to 1,000. The UVF stated that their mission was to destroy Irish republican paramilitary groups, however over 80% of their victims were Catholic civilians.



1254

1254 (MCCLIV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


1473

1473 (MCDLXXIII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. It was the 473rd year of the 2nd millennium, the 73rd year of the 15th century and the 4th year of the 1470s decade.




1898

The year of 1898 was a common year (a year that had 365 days), and began on a Saturday.


Spanish–American War

The Spanish–American War was a war fought between Spain and the United States in 1898, partly because many people in Cuba, one of the last parts of the Spanish Empire, wanted to become independent. Many Americans also wanted their country to get a colonial empire.

Spain lost the sea war and so had to give up its colonies of Cuba, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, and Guam. All of those colonies, except for Cuba, became US colonies after the war.

Following reports of Spain abusing and killing Cubans, the United States sent warships to Cuba. Spain was losing control of Cuba and so put Cubans into concentration camps. The US sent ships to Cuba to try to make Spain to give up Cuba. The USS "Maine" (ACR-1) exploded in Havana harbor, killing about 260 people on board. "Remember the Maine" became a common wartime saying. US newspapers blamed Spain for the explosion without proof. Spain tried to avoid going to war, but pressure from US newspapers, called "yellow journalism," and ordinary people persuaded the US government to go to war. Some of them wanted Cuba to become independent, but others hoped that the US could build a colonial empire overseas since many European countries had already done so.

Volunteers throughout the country signed up for the war. Future US President Theodore Roosevelt raised troops and became famous by leading the Rough Riders during the Battle of San Juan Hill. 

In a big naval battle in Manila Bay, an American fleet, commanded by George Dewey, destroyed the Spanish fleet. Ground battles took place in Cuba and Puerto Rico.

The US won the war and soon began to occupy and to take control of the colonies after Spain had surrendered. Almost 400 American soldiers died during fighting, but more than 4000 Americans died from diseases such as yellow fever, typhoid, and malaria.

The war stopped when the Treaty of Paris was signed on December 10, 1898 by the United States and Spain. The United States became the owners of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines, Later, it also got the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base.


Infection

Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents. The disease is caused by the invading agents multiplying. As they multiply, they produce toxins and damage host tissues. Infectious disease, also known as 'transmissible disease' or 'communicable disease', is illness resulting from an infection.






Some infections are caused by different infectious agents at different times. For example, some diarrhea is caused by bacteria. Some is caused by viruses.

This is a very short list. There are many more diseases from infection and other causes: common diseases.

Some diseases can be passed from one person to another easily. Other infectious diseases are harder to get. If a person kisses or touches another person who is infected with the flu, a cold, measles, or a sore throat, he or she may get their disease. They may also give the person their disease if they cough on them. Other medical conditions such as AIDS, herpes, and hepatitis B, are only passed by closer contact. Having sex with an infected person, blood transfusions, or touching their blood or urine can sometimes pass on these conditions or diseases.

People can stop disease by:

Bacteria are usually treated with antibiotic medicines like Tetracycline and Penicillin. Viruses will not be killed by antibiotics. They must be treated with special medicines called antivirals. Medicines to treat HIV/AIDS like zidovudine are antivirals. Antifungals like miconazole and fluconazole treat infections from fungus. Anti-parasitic medicines like Praziquantel and mebendazole.

Some infectious diseases have no treatments that work well. For example, there is no medicine that works well to cure West Nile Virus and Rabies. So it is important to avoid getting these diseases. Some infectious disease goes away on its own. These mild diseases do not need to be treated. For example, colds are caused by viruses and they do not need medicines.

Some diseases can be prevented by immunizations. Immunizations try to make a person have an immune reaction to an infectious agent. This is usually done before the person gets the disease. Examples of diseases prevented by immunizations are: polio, tetanus, and pertussis. In some cases, if all of the disease can be removed from society, we can get rid of the disease completely. An example of this is smallpox. This virus used to kill people, cause blindness, and bad scars. Now there has not been a person who had smallpox in over thirty years.



Minesweeper (video game)

Minesweeper is a strategy game that comes with most Microsoft computer operating systems. It is available for many other operating systems and desktop environments as well. The object of the game is to clear a minefield of mines. By clicking on blocks, the player learns if the block contains a mine. If they do not see a mine, the game continues. If they clicked on a mine, the game is over. When the player clicks on a block, a number may appear. The number shows how many mines are next to this square. This helps the player find out where the mines are.

The most common variation of the game is won when every block that does not contain a mine has been clicked, although some variations are won by having every block that contains a mine flagged.

There are many versions out there:

Fishing

Fishing is the activity of trying to catch fish. Fishing can be done in the sea, or in a lake or river, and by boat or from the shore.

Fish are normally caught in the wild. Techniques for catching fish include hand gathering, spearing, netting, angling and trapping.

The term fishing may be used for catching other aquatic animals such as molluscs, cephalopods, crustaceans, and echinoderms. The term is not normally used for catching farmed fish. With aquatic mammals, such as whales, the term whaling is better.

According to FAO statistics, the total number of commercial fishermen and fish farmers is estimated to be 38 million. Fisheries and aquaculture provide direct and indirect employment to over 500 million people in developing countries. In 2005, the worldwide per capita consumption of fish captured from wild fisheries was 14.4 kilograms, with 7.4 kilograms more got from fish farms. In addition to providing food, modern fishing is also a recreational sport.
Fishing for money is a very dangerous job, because people can die or be badly hurt. Fishing gives a lot of food to many countries around the world, but those who take it as a job must often go far into the ocean under bad conditions. Commercial fishermen get many kinds of sea animals. This includes fish such as tuna, cod, and salmon, as well as invertebrates such as shrimp, lobster, clams, and squid. Alaskan king crab fishing is a famous example. Ways to fish for money have become very simple, using large nets and machines to catch the animals. Many countries have made rules limiting how much fish people can catch, because some kinds have become scarce.

Raising fish in the forms of aquaculture and mariculture add to the free-range catch of fish.

Sport fishing is normally done with a fishing rod and line with any number of hooks to get the fish. This method is called "angling". There may be rules that say how many lines and hooks one fisherman can use and how many fish he can catch. Anglers in fresh water catch many Black Bass (Black Bass includes the entire range of Bass fish), Pike, Muskellunge, Perch, Carp, Trout, Salmon, and Sunfish. Fish people get in saltwater include Swordfish, Marlin, Tuna, and others. 

Rules generally do not allow the use of nets and catching fish with hooks not in the mouth. However some kinds of fish can be taken with nets for bait and a few for food. Non-sport fish that are not said to be worth as much can sometimes be taken by many ways like snagging, bow and arrow, or even gun, because they are seen as competing with more valuable fish.

Recreational fishing laws also include other life that lives in water, such as frogs and turtles.

Sport fishing can be a contest where fishermen try to get more fish than other fishermen. This sport came from local fishing contests into a large contest in the U.S.A. where skilled fishermen can compete and be helped out by companies giving prize money, and other large contests around the world.

Catch-and-release fishing is increasingly practiced especially by fly fishermen, as well as spin and bait casting fishermen, to increase conservation and to protect rare fish such as marlin. The practice is however disputed as it by some is considered unethical to perform painful actions to the fish for fun and not for the reason of food production. Because of this, catch-and-release practice is illegal in Norway.

Fish can also be collected in ways that do not injure them (such as in a seine net), for observation and study or for keeping in Aquarium. There is a substantial industry devoted to the collection, transport, export and farming of wild and domesticated live fish, usually freshwater or marine tropical fish.
Fish can also be collected in ways that do not injure them (such as in a seine net), for observation and study or for keeping in Aquarium. There is a substantial industry devoted to the collection, transport, export and farming of wild and domesticated live fish, usually freshwater or marine tropical fish.

In the past, fishing has been so good for getting money that people began overfishing (fishing too much) - a serious problem that does lots of damage (bad). Overfishing does not always mean extinction, but simply that a fish type has been harvested so that there cannot be as many of that kind of fish as before. As more boats are sent out to catch the fish, many population levels of a type of fish can drop. Then, there are not enough of that kind of fish left to have new kinds of fish.

Many times, fishing boats catch fish they do not mean to catch, called "bycatch". All kinds of fish can become bycatch, and they are usually thrown back into the sea after they have died. Drift net fishing sometimes catches creatures like seals, dolphins, whales, and sea turtles. This kind of fishing made people complain. In the 1980s, it was guessed that 18 miles (30 km) of nets were lost every night, tangling up boats and animals.

There is now a floating pile of plastic in the Pacific Ocean hundreds of miles wide. Most of it is lost fishing nets, called ghost nets, and other fishing tools from large boats.


Confederate States of America

The Confederate States of America (CSA) was a short-lived government that existed in the southern United States during the American Civil War. It was established (made) in 1861 by seven southern states in which slavery was legal, after Abraham Lincoln was elected president of the U.S., but before he took office. South Carolina, Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas declared their secession (independence) from the United States. After war began, Virginia, Arkansas, Tennessee, and North Carolina joined them. The first capital of the Confederacy was Montgomery, Alabama, but for most of the war the capital was Richmond, Virginia.

The government of the Confederacy was much like the United States government. The Confederate States Constitution was similar to that of the United States; however, it emphasized states' rights and clearly protected the enslavement of black Americans. Jefferson Davis was chosen as president and Alexander Stephens as vice-president. As in the United States, the CSA president had a cabinet of advisors.

The United States government (also known as the Union) did not agree that the states could leave and start a new government. Thus, the Union government refused to abandon all its forts in the states that wanted to secede. War began when the CSA attacked one of those forts, Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. This war is known as the American Civil War, and it lasted from 1861 to 1865. After some of the deadliest battles in U.S. history, Union forces gradually regained control of southern states. As Confederate forces surrendered, the Confederacy fell apart and the Civil War came to a close in 1865. Following the war, slavery was outlawed everywhere in the United States. The process of restoring the states of the CSA to the Union, called the Reconstruction of the United States, continued until 1877.

It is still undecided if the Confederate States of America was ever a country. The Union never said that the Confederacy was really a country. Although British and French companies sold ships and materials to the Confederacy, no nation officially recognized the CSA as an independent country.

The CSA was also called "the South," "the Confederacy," and "Dixie."


A Tale of Two Cities

A Tale of Two Cities is a book written by Charles Dickens. It was published (printed) in 1859. It is set during the time of the French Revolution (1775-1793). The story happens in France and England. It talks about the French Revolution and the troubles the poor go through and how the rich ignore them. The main characters are Sydney Carton, Charles Darnay and their love interest, Lucie Manette. The story's main theme is society. 

Fiji

Fiji is an island country in the Pacific Ocean. It has 322 islands. The most important islands are Vanua Levu and Viti Levu. The capital city and the city with the most people is Suva. There are about 844,330 people in Fiji.
The official languages of Fiji are Fijian, English and Hindustani (a mix of Hindi and Urdu). Fiji is part of the Pacific Rim. About 313000 speak Fiji Hindi.

In the 17th and 18th centuries, the Dutch and the British explored Fiji. Fiji was a British colony up until 1970; British occupation lasted almost a century.

Fiji has many forest, mineral, and fish resources.

Fiji is divided into Four Major Divisions:

These divisions are divided into 14 provinces:

"Fijian law defines "towns" as urbanized areas incorporated as municipal bodies, governed by Town Councils."
"The following localities are urbanized, but have not been municipally organized."

Fiji has a lot of tourism and many people go to the Nadi and Denarau islands. Most visitors are from Australia, New Zealand and the USA. Fiji has many soft coral reefs. Scuba diving is a common tourist activity. More budget resorts are being opened in remote areas, which provides more tourism opportunities.


Fijian language

The Fijian language is a Austronesian language. It is one of the official languages of Fiji. It has about 350,000 speakers.

Legend

"Legends" (derived from Latin "legenda") are stories in oral tradition passed on by word of mouth.

The word is also used for famous or historically significant people, places, events, etc. We sometimes say of someone who is extremely famous that they are a "legend" or "of legendary fame".

Examples of legends are Ali Baba, the Fountain of Youth, Paul Bunyan, Bogeyman, Kraken, Sirens, Atlantis, the Loch Ness Monster, Bigfoot, and Yeti. Some legends are stories about real people; others are not. Odysseus and Robin Hood for example may have been real but most the stories about them are definitely fiction.

For some places, legends are the earliest history. For example, the origin of ancient Rome is known only from legends, as are the earliest dynasties in the history of China.

Fountain of Youth

The Fountain of Youth is a legendary spring. People talked about it for thousands of years. They thought its water could make people young and healthy. Herodotus put it in the Horn of Africa. Later stories said it was in India. A Spanish explorer, Juan Ponce de Leon, was said to have looked for it while in present-day Florida. 

Ho Chi Minh City

Ho Chi Minh City () is a city in southern Vietnam. It is governed as a municipality and includes a large rural area. It is the biggest city in Vietnam. About 9 million people live in the city. 

Before its fall on 30 April 1975, the city used to be called "Saigon", and this is still the most common name in everyday conversation. The name Saigon come from the Saigon River, which flows through the city. 

It used to be a Khmer port city called Prey Nokor, or “Jungle City”. The city was taken over by the Vietnamese and eventually took the name of"(Sài Gòn)". It was invaded by the French in 1859. As (French) Saigon it was the capital of French Indochina and became an important city in French colonial trade. After independence(from France), in 1954 to 1975, Saigon became the capital of the Republic of Vietnam. After the end of the US campaign (1973) in the Vietnam War, Saigon was overtaken by the North Vietnamese army on 30 April 1975 and renamed after Hồ Chí Minh. The tradition of naming places in Vietnam after great people is very common. Many streets bear the names of epic heroes. Hai Ba Trung street is named after heroic sisters.

Despite the name change, many people from other countries, and even among Vietnamese people, still call the city "Saigon" today. Interestingly enough, both the names of the Saigon River and the Saigon railway station have stayed unchanged.

Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) has expanded with industrialization. It now includes all of the surrounding towns. The city center is old Saigon. Old Saigon has two main districts (One and Three). The new city districts used to be rice fields and fish farms. There are fish all over the city.

Ho Chi Minh City is as flat as the river plain it sits on. Nearly all roads are built flat. Bicycle riding around the Mekong delta is very easy in dry weather. Because of the flatness, roads and buildings sink into the draining soil. Lying water keeps pollution very close to city homes. The rising tides can flood many districts when the moon is fullest. 
Because rainwater can't be kept in valleys or mountains, the city-water is dangerous to drink. Most people drink from large bottles of water - .
When the streets flood (in rain or tides) the dirt from drains returns onto the city. This has caused a lot of problems for the health of the people living in the city. Escaping sewer water makes people very sick in the tropical countries. Older people may avoid drinking more than a few drinks a day.

It's very tropical in the city. The trees in streets are cut down to half every year - but they grow back. Fresh food markets are all over the city. The city has so much rain, that drains and rivers surround every district.

The southeast of the province has the . It's a 752 square kilometre mangrove area between Ho Chi Minh City and the sea.
Inside the wetlands there are birds, deer, fish, frogs, insects, lizards, monkeys, otters, and snakes. The centipedes all around the city are very dangerous (maybe deadly to tiny animals). People catch and eat the snakes.

The wetlands and ecosystem has been designated as a biosphere reserve. Ho Chi Minh people get education on how to look after their biosphere reserve and wetlands.

The city is a river port on the Saigon River. Several larger terminals operate outside and inside of the city. Many small docks operate around the city. The river system leads out to sea at Vung Tau, or onto the Mekong delta.
Delivery of materials for the city can be made by boat. Farm produce distributors can arrive by boat in many districts outside the city.

The use of English is rising in HCMC. Many HCMC people will travel around the world by using English as their international language. Many other languages are studied. French was previously the most popular. Chinese is also very well known to many people.
The city has international schools that teach foreign children. All classes (except for languages) are given in the chosen language. Many international schools have chosen English as the primary language. Some of the international schools are named by their country of origin. The schools named after a country use the national language of that country.
English is a subject taught in all national schools.
Many HCMC parents use to improve their children's English. HCMC adults attend colleges to learn English.
Some HCMC people will go overseas to get foreign education. It can be through staying with relatives, attending boarding schools, joining programs, or with family.
English is taught at university in HCMC. It doesn't replace the national language at most universities. International universities might set a requirement for English or another language.


Wealthy people live a fantastic life in the city. But, others are very poor. Poor does not always mean without food, clothing, shelter, or work in HCMC. The cost of living in Vietnam helps even the poorest people to survive. Many temples, churches, charities, and government organizations help people that are even more misfortunate than the poor. But still, some ultra-poor people struggle with homelessness, and the tropical weather - they get very dark skin compared to other people.

There is a lot of entertainment for the people in the city. Many discos, bars, and clubs operate all around the city. Food is also a source of entertainment for people in HCMC. Very strange restaurants sell very strange food: scorpions, bats, rats and more. Tourists are amazed by what is eaten in HCMC.

The Mekong River delta is accessible from HCMC. It has a many rice, coconut, fish, and prawn farms. The main city is Can Tho City.
The mountain range of Vietnam is accessed via Dalat City.
The beaches of Vietnam are accessed via Vung Tau City or Phan Thiet City when leaving HCMC.
The border to Cambodia is the closest international exit point for tourists. This exit border takes people to Phnom Penh City.
Bien Hoa City is another industrial city to the northeast. Around there, the province of Binh Duong is growing through strong financial investment.


Apricot

An apricot is a drupe fruit. It is closely related to the plum.

The apricot comes from a small to medium-sized tree, tall, with a trunk up to 40 centimetres in diameter with spreading, dense canopy; leaves are shaped somewhat like a heart, with pointed tips, about 8 centimetres (3 inches) wide. 

Apricots contain many nutrients but is highest in vitamin C and potassium. A single apricot contains approximately 3.5 grams of vitamin C and 91 grams of potassium. 



Contraction

A contraction is a word that is made up of two or more words that are connected together. One or more letters are removed from the words when they are connected. One or more apostrophes are added in the location letters are removed. For example, an apostrophe goes in place of the o in "not" when "do not" is shortened to "don't."

In linguistic analysis, contractions should not be confused with crasis, abbreviations and initialisms (including acronyms), with which they share some semantic and phonetic functions, though all three are connoted by the term "abbreviation" in loose parlance. Contraction is also distinguished from morphological clipping, where beginnings and endings are omitted.

The definition overlaps with the term portmanteau (a linguistic "blend"), but a distinction can be made between a portmanteau and a contraction by noting that contractions are formed from words that would otherwise appear together in sequence, such as "do" and "not", whereas a portmanteau word is formed by combining two or more existing words that all relate to a singular concept that the portmanteau describes.






Tonga

Tonga is a country in Pacific Ocean. It has 169 islands. Only 36 islands have inhabitants. The most important island is Tongatapu. Tupou IV is the king of Tonga and the Prime Minister is Siaosi Sovaleni. The capital of Tonga is Nuku'alofa, which is on Tongatapu.

The official languages of Tonga are Tongan and English. Tonga had 102,321 inhabitants in 2000. It is a very hot country. Tonga became independent in 1970.

About 3000 years before, the Polynesians had settled in Tongatapu. In 1845, Tāufaʻāhau united Tonga into a kingdom. He declared Tonga a constitutional monarchy. Between 1845 and 1893, slavery was stopped. Also, constitution was made up.

In 1900, Tonga became a protected state of the United Kingdom. Tonga maintained its sovereignty. It remained the only Pacific nation never to have given up its monarchical government. Foreign affairs was managed by the UK. Tonga was no longer a protected state and became independent in 1970. Tonga joined the Commonwealth of Nations in 1970. It became a member of the United Nations in September 1999. Tonga has never lost indigenous governance.

Tonga is in Oceania. It is an archipelago in the South Pacific Ocean. It has 177 islands. Thirty-six of them are inhabited. The islands are divided into three main groups – Vava'u, Ha'apai, and Tongatapu. The largest island is Tongatapuon. The capital city of Nukuʻalofa is on Tongatapuon.

Tonga is a constitutional monarchy.

Tonga provides for its citizens:

Tongans have universal access to a national health care system. The Tongan constitution protects land ownership. Land cannot be sold to foreigners. While there is a land shortage on the urbanised main island of Tongatapu, there is farmland available in the outlying islands.

The majority of the population engages in some form of subsistence production of food. Women and men have equal access to education and health care. They are fairly equal in employment. Women are discriminated against in land holding, electoral politics, and government ministries.

The climate is tropical with a distinct warm period (December–April) and a cooler period (May–November). The average wettest period is around March. The average daily humidity is 80%.

Filippo Azzaiolo

Filippo Azzaiolo (1530 - 1569) was an Italian composer. He lived in 16th century. Azzaiolo worked in Bologna.

All his known songs were composed between 1557 and 1569. Azzaiolo's most famous song is "Chi passa".

June 30

It is the last day of the first half of the year.












September 30

It is the last day of the third quarter of the year.












1724

1724 was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.


1914

1914 (MCMXVI) was a common year that started on a Thursday of the Gregorian calendar. It was the year that saw the start of what became known as World War I.





February 29

February 29 is the 60th day of a leap year in the Gregorian calendar. It is sometimes called "leap day" or "bissextile day". Only leap years have February 29. This day only occurs every four years, in years that can be exactly divided by 4, such as 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2020 and 2024, except century years that are not multiples of 400, such as 1800, 1900 or 2100.



A person who was born on February 29 may be called a "leapling". In non-leap years they usually celebrate their birthday on February 28 or March 1.

Different countries have different laws about people who are born on February 29. In Taiwan, the law says that the birthday of a leapling is February 28 in years that are not leap years.

The well-known superhero Superman is often said to have his birthday on February 29.





Torah

Torah () is a Hebrew word that means "instructions". When most people say the word Torah they either mean the whole Jewish Bible, the Tanakh, the first five books of the Bible, or all of the Jewish teaching in general. These five books are the beginning of both the Jewish and Christian bibles. They are


Other names for this set of books are the "Five Books of Moses," or "Pentateuch".

Some people may use the word Torah as a name for all the main Jewish teachings.

Each of the books in the Torah are separated into parts called "Parshiyot." "Parsha" is a Hebrew word meaning "portion." Every Shabbat one "parsha" is read in the synagogue, but sometimes two are read. This is so that all the "parshiyot" are finished every year, on the Jewish holiday of Simchat Torah.

It is also known as the Five Book of Moses because Moses received these five books from God.

The "Tawrat" () is the Arabic name for the Torah within its context as an Islamic holy book believed by Muslims to be given by God (Allah) to prophets and messengers amongst the Children of Israel, and often refers to the entire Hebrew Bible. It is mentioned many times in the Qur'an.

Pentateuch means the first five books of the Bible. These books are Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. The word "Pentateuch" comes from two Greek words that mean "five books" or "five scroll"

According to tradition, the books were written by the Israelite leader, Moses. The Pentateuch is often called the Five Books of Moses or the Torah.

The Pentateuch tells the story from the Creation of the world to the death of Moses and the preparation of the Israelite's to enter the land of Canaan. The story is told in three parts. The first part (Genesis 1-11) is about the Creation and the beginning of human beings on earth. The second part (Genesis 12-50) are the stories of the ancestors of the Israelites, mainly Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph. The third part, beginning with the book of Exodus, describes how the Israelite's left Egypt and the early history of the people of Israel as a nation. It also has many laws about how the Israelite's must build their society. Deuteronomy is mostly Moses's final speech to his people and a summary of the Pentateuch.


2010s

The 2010s (pronounced "twenty-tens", "two thousand (and) tens", or simply "the Tens" or "Teens") was the decade that began on January 1, 2010 and ended on December 31, 2019. It is distinct from the decade known as the 202nd decade which began on January 1, 2011 and ended on December 31, 2020.













Tropical rainforest

A rainforest is a forest that gets heavy rainfall. The most notable rainforests are in the tropics or subtropics. The biggest rainforest is the Amazon rainforest, which is mostly in Brazil. 

Forests like this have extraordinary biodiversity. Over half of all plant and animal species live in the rainforest. Also more than 1/4 of all medicines come from here. They are an important source of oxygen, but not so much as the seas.

The rainforest gets an average of 50 to 250 inches (1.2-6.3m) of rain through the year. It is warm all year round rarely getting above 34°C (94 °F) or getting below 20 °C (68 °F). It has an average humidity of 77 to 88%. Tropical rainforests occur in three major geographical areas around the world.

A less-used term is temperate rainforest. For temperate rain forests of North America, annual precipitation is over , and the mean annual temperature is between 4 and 12 °C (39 and 54 °F).
However, definitions in other countries differ. For example, Australian definitions are ecological-structural rather than climatic:
This definition would not suit the forests of western North America, and so the term "temperate rainforest" is not so widely agreed. The weather in a rainforest would be humid, which is wet but warm like a greenhouse. 

The bottom-most layer gets only 2% of the sunlight. Only plants adapted to low light can grow in this region. The understory layer lies between the canopy and forest floor. It is a home to a number of birds, snakes and lizards as well as predators such as jaguars or leopards on the forest floor. The leaves are much bigger at this level and insect life is abundant.

The characteristics of present-day tropical rainforests are:


Tropical rainforests are typically dominated by different plants and animals at different levels. The top layer is the "emergent" layer. Then there is the "canopy" layer. Under the tall canopy is the "understory". The understory is made up of smaller trees, vines and shrubs. The next layer is called the shrub layer, and has mainly bushes. The bottom layer is the" forest floor". This is made up of the small plants on the ground.

The emergent layer is the farthest from the ground. High in the trees eagles perch. Their keen eyes search constantly for small monkeys and other prey. Butterflies, parrots, toucans, and hundreds of other colourful birds constantly fly through the tops of the trees.

The canopy is like a huge green roof over the forest. The trees grow up thin and straight, like pillars seeking the sun. They do not put out branches until they are very tall. Then, they spread out like an umbrella in the sunlight. The trees are so close together that very little light penetrates through to the lower layers. Many kinds of monkeys, birds, and insects live in the layer. Other mammals, like cats, also live there. Many animals that call this layer home often never touch the ground throughout their entire lives. They find everything they need in the canopy. Water can be got from the boles of trees, if not, the leaves and epiphytes which grow in the canopy can supply that need. The animals eat the leaves and fruit of the trees, insects, or other animals. The tall canopy trees must be able to reach the sunlight high in the air and still get nutrients from the thin soil on the forest floor. Their roots do not go deep into the soil because there is nothing there for the plants to reach. Instead, the roots spread out in all directions along or just under the ground. That way they can quickly make use of the nutrients from the recycled plants and animals that have fallen to the floor.

The understory is usually a dark, humid place, under the canopy. There is very little light and no breeze because they are blocked out by the canopy. The plants under the canopy must be able to live with very little sunlight. Bushes, large green plants, ferns and small trees make up this layer. Often they will only grow in open patches where a big tree has fallen down. Other plants, like vines, grow on the big trees.

The shrub layer is mainly made out of bushes. It contains most of the rainforests orchids, because the orchids use water from the forest floor, vegetation from the understory and sunlight that is reflected from the canopy layer leaves. It is the smallest layer of the rainforest, yet contains over 84% of the rainforest's orchids. It is normally very dark in the shrub layer, apart from little spots of sunlight that comes through empty spaces of the emergent layer. Despite not having very much sunlight, the shrub layer is very humid [wet and warm]. Many invertebrates live in the shrub layer such as scorpions, beetles and tarantulas. Some experts categorize the rainforest into four layers rather than five. They consider the shrub layer to be part of the understory.

The ground level is called the forest floor. Snakes, tapirs, jaguars, tamanduas, and gorillas are just a few of the species that may live here. It is dark on the rainforest floor. Insects, giant centipedes, spiders, ants, and beetles are very abundant here. The floor of the rainforest is often very open and easy to walk across. That is because so little light reaches the floor that very few plants can grow there.

One type of plant in the rainforest does not need soil. These plants are called "epiphytes", or air plants. Air plants live on the branches of trees in the canopy or understory, with their roots out in the air. In the humid rainforest, they collect water from the rain that falls on them.

One kind of air plant is a flower called an orchid. There are thousands of different kinds of orchids in the rainforest. Some air plants store water in pools in and around their roots. These pools can become homes for frogs and salamanders. Frogs usually need to lay their eggs in ponds, but some rainforest tree frogs lay their eggs in the pools in air plants. That way, the frogs never have to go down to the ground. Some plants provide medicine for humans.

Many kinds of insects live in the rainforest. It never gets cold enough to kill them. There are bees, butterflies, termites, beetles, and many kinds of flies. There are ants everywhere. One kind of ant is the army ant. Army ants do not have nests. They march out in a line every day to hunt for other insects, which they eat. At night they hook themselves together to form a living nest around their queen and larvae.
Snakes live in the trees and on the forest floor. They eat frogs, eggs, birds, insects, and small animals. Some of the snakes, like the fer-de-lance of Latin America, are poisonous, but others are not. One large non-poisonous snake is the Anaconda of South America. It is one of the largest snakes in the world. It kills its prey by wrapping itself around the animal and squeezing it until it cannot breathe.

Monkeys are common animals in the rainforest. Most live their lives up in the canopy and the understory. They have long arms to swing from branch to branch, and some use their tails to hold onto the trees while they eat. They are fast and agile, jumping easily from tree to tree for food. Different monkeys eat different things. They can eat nuts, flowers, roots, and frogs. Their hoots and howls are heard throughout the rainforest, even when they cannot be seen among the trees.

Many colorful birds also live among the canopy of the rain forest, and there are also animals that live on the forest floor. The tapir is a forest animal that looks like a large pig. It is actually related to the horse and the rhinoceros. They live in South American and Asian rain forests, eating leaves, twigs, and fruit. Tapirs are among the animals hunted by the big cats of the rain forest. Jaguars, leopards, and tigers are the largest predators of rain forests. These cats have beautiful fur coats that have been hunted for the fur trade for years. The spotted coats of the jaguar and leopards were especially popular for fur coats. But selling big cat skins is currently not popular anymore. Today, most countries are protecting the big cats, and technology makes poaching minimum.

These are only a few of the animals and plants in the rainforest. About half of all of the different species, of plants and animals in the entire world live in rain forests. Many of the insects do not have scientific names, because they have never been classified.

There are many tribes of people who have lived in the rainforests for thousands of years. These forest dwellers usually belong to one of two groups. They are usually hunter/gatherers or slash-and-burn farmers.

Hunter/gatherers live as they do in every other region of the world. They kill animals and gather what the forest provides for part of their food. Unlike in the Arctic, tools are always available. Unlike in the desert, water is always available. The people do not need clothes to protect them from the weather. The forest even provides a way to make hunting easier. Many of the people hunt with poisoned arrows. The poisons come from the plants of the forest. That makes the animals easier to kill.

Most of the forest people are slash-and-burn farmers. They raise crops in small clearings as well as hunting and gathering in the forest. This provides them with food year-round. They start by cutting (slashing) down the trees and the other plants in an area. They let the dead plants dry out, then they burn them. The ash from the burned plants goes into the soil and makes it fertile for a little while. This is called slash-and-burn farming.

The small clearings grow food crops for a few years, then the family or group moves on and clears a new field. The old field is left to be overgrown by the forest. In a few years, it once again looks like the rain forest that surrounds it.

This type of farming does not harm the rain forest when only a few people are doing it. The small clearings become rain forest again without any damage. The land is used and recycled for use again some other time. The rain forest easily regrows to fill in the clearings after the people leave. That is changing today. Today, the rain forests are getting smaller because too many people are burning them.

There are some serious problems concerning the rainforests that need to be fixed. Rainforests are being cut down too quickly. Every year an area about the size of West Virginia is being destroyed. This is a problem for everyone.

Rainforests are so large and thick that for many years very few people lived or went there. Today, however, that is changing. Millions of poor, often hungry, people live near the rainforests of the world. These people are desperate for a better life, and they think they can find it in the forests.

Settlers can get into the rainforests because modern machines have opened roads deep into the jungle. The roads are usually built by businesses who want to cut down trees or dig up minerals in the forest. Governments build other roads for trade and to allow settlers into the forest. Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food. They burn off the trees and plants to make a field. Then they plant crops for food and to sell. All around them other farmers do the same, so there is no forest left to grow back.

The new farms can only grow crops for a few years in the poor soil. The farmers then sell the land to a cattle rancher or just leave and clear a new piece of land. The soil is so poor that it will not even grow grass to feed cattle for more than a few more years. By then, the ground is hard packed and grows only a few weeds. The rainforest is destroyed and nothing can be done with the land.

If this continues long enough, the forests will be destroyed and the farmers will have no place to move. Then those people will starve
, because there will be no land left where they can grow food. Forcing them to stop cutting down the forest will not help, because they would just starve now instead of later. New ways need to be found for these people to live on the rainforest land without destroying it.

Also, no one knows how destroying the rainforests will change the earth. We know that less rain will fall once the trees are gone. That may cause some rivers, which supply water to cities around the rainforest, to dry up during part of the year. Also, burning trees puts carbon into the air. Carbon absorbs heat from the sun. Will the burning of so many trees change the air and make the climate on the earth warmer? Experts are arguing about it, but it might be happening.

The rainforests are also the source of many things that are useful to human beings. As many as one out of every four drugs bought at the store were discovered in rainforest. Coffee, chocolate, bananas, corn, tea, sweet potatoes, Brazil nuts, rubber, and tapioca all came from the rainforest. Very valuable wood is taken from the trees of the rainforest. Mahogany, teak, and balsa wood come from there. Those trees can not be grown without the thick, wet, warm rainforests. Thus, the loss of the rainforests would hurt other people besides those that must live there.


Welsh language

The Welsh language is a Celtic language and the national language of Wales, a country that is part of the United Kingdom. In Welsh, it is known as "Cymraeg", or "yr iaith Gymraeg", which means "the Welsh language".

Welsh is still spoken throughout the region: about 21% of the people of Wales can speak Welsh. That is about 600,000 people, and some people outside Wales, including those in nearby England. Many people in Wales say they can understand some form of Welsh, such as spoken, written, or can read Welsh, even if they do not speak it all the time.

Even though almost all Welsh people can understand and use the English language, the Welsh language is still an important part of Welsh culture. So children in all schools in Wales have to study it. There are some schools that have almost all of their classes in Welsh, but most schools teach mainly in English. Welsh is taught as a second language in these schools.

Welsh has mutations, a sound (in speech) or a letter (in writing) changing at the start of a word. Example are the Welsh words ""gwneud"", which in English means "to do"; and ""dod"", which means "to come"; and "dewch i mewn", which means "come in". The word sometimes changes from ""gwneud"" to ""wneud"" and from ""dod"" to ""ddod"". The sounds (in speech) or letters (in writing) changes also occur within and at the end of words, but the simplified classification found in ordinary books does not mention that.

In Welsh, there is formal and informal Welsh. Formal Welsh is used for writing in formal documents and tor speaking to a group (because it also includes the plural), to someone older than yourself, to someone you have just met, or someone to whom you would like to show respect. Formal words and phrases use variations of "chi", meaning "you." Sometimes, people will ask you to call them "chi."

Informal Welsh is used in sending e-mails or sending text messages to your friends or family and in talking with people you have known for a long time. Informal words and phrases use variations of "ti", meaning "you." Sometimes, people will ask you to call them "ti."

There are some sounds and letters that exist in Welsh but not in English, such as the letters and sounds ch and ll. The first sound is pronounced like the Scottish "Loch Ness", and one Welsh word that uses it is "bach", which means "small." "Ll" is a voiceless 'l' and is made by placing the tongue on the top of the top gum, and blowing. A Welsh word that uses the 'll' is "llan", which means "church" and appears often in place names, including one called "Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch". Both 'ch' and 'll' are single letters in the Welsh alphabet, along with 'dd,' 'ff,' 'ng,' 'ph,' 'rh,' and 'th.'

Here are some things to say in Welsh with the pronunciation in brackets ().

Here are a few other words;

Welsh books and newspapers have been printed for hundreds of years. Some of these books have been translated into English, and some books in other languages have been translated into Welsh. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" was translated into Welsh, with the translation of "Harri Potter a Maen yr Athronydd," which means the same as the English title.

BBC Radio Cymru is a Welsh-language radio station that is available throughout Wales. Some local radio stations have some Welsh and English programs during the day.

The Welsh television channel, S4C, has been on air since 1982. It broadcasts shows such as the soap opera "Pobol y Cwm", and children's programs such as "Superted" and "Sam Tân" (known as "Fireman Sam" in English).

In August 2009, the mobile phone maker Samsung (with the provider Orange) unveiled a new Welsh-language mobile phone that would be available from September 2009. It includes Welsh-language predictive text and menus.
The Welsh alphabet has some extra letters that are not used in English, and does not have some others. Although certain letters do not exist in Welsh, they are used sometimes to make sounds that could not possibly be made otherwise. A good example is the word "garej" (meaning "garage"). The letter "j" does not exist in the Welsh language, and is a lend-word from English. The traditional word for "garage" in Welsh is "modurdy", which means, "motor house". Another lend-word is ""toiled"," which means "toilet" in English. There are now many lend-words in spoken Welsh. Here is the Welsh alphabet;

A"", B, C, CH"", D, DD"", E"", F"", FF"", G, NG"", H, I"", L, LL"", M, N, O"", P, PH"", R, RH"", S, T, TH"", U"", W"" "", Y.

"" These letters are vowels. The letter 'W' can be used either as a vowel (when it is said 'oo' like in the Welsh word 'cwm' (coom) meaning 'valley') or as a consonant (when it is said like it is in English, for example in the Welsh word 'gwyn' (gwin) meaning 'white'). This is the same with letter 'I' which can also be used as a consonant (when it is said like an English Y like in 'iogwrt' (yog-oort) meaning yoghurt. 
<br>"" Letters that are not in the English alphabet, or have different sounds. CH sounds like the 'KH' in Ayatollah Khoumeini. DD is said like the TH in 'there'. F is said like the English 'V'. FF is said like the English 'F'. NG sounds like it would in English but it is tricky because it comes at the beginnings of words (for example 'fy ngardd' - my garden). One trick is to blend it in with the word before it. LL sounds like a cat hissing. PH sounds like the English 'F' too, but it is only used in mutations. RH sounds like an 'R' said very quickly before a 'H'. TH sounds like the 'TH' in 'THin'. W has been explained in the sentences before about vowels.

Mandarin

Mandarin might mean:


Hesse

Hesse () is a state of Germany. It was formed in 1945 as Greater Hesse, and became Hesse in 1946

The capital is Wiesbaden. The main rivers in the northern part of Hesse are Werra, Fulda and Lahn. It is a hilly countryside, the main mountainchains being the Rhön, the Westerwald, the Odenwald, the Taunus and the Spessart. Most inhabitants live in the southernmost part of Hesse between the rivers Main and Rhine.

Hesse is divided into 21 districts. There are also five cities, which belong to no district.



The cities and counties of Hesse are grouped into three "Regierungsbezirk." automobile registration is handled by the districts. The two or three letters of the automobile registration plate are in "italics"


Schleswig-Holstein

Schleswig-Holstein (Danish: "Slesvig-Holsten", Low Saxon: "Sleeswiek-Holstain", Frisian: "Sleeswyk-Holstein", North Frisian: "Schleswig-Holstian") is the northernmost of the 16 states (German: Bundesländer) in Germany.

Schleswig-Holstein borders on Denmark in the North, the North Sea in the West, the Baltic Sea and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in the East, and Lower Saxony and Hamburg in the South. Kiel is the capital of this state.

There are 4 independent towns:

The countryside is lowlands and hills with no mountains. The highest elevation in the state is the Bungsberg at only . There are many lakes, especially in the eastern part of Holstein called the Holsteinische Schweiz ("Holstein Switzerland") or Schweiziann-Schwezalia. It has this name because there are many small hills which came to existence in the last ice age.


Lower Saxony

Lower Saxony ( ; ; Saterland Frisian: "Läichsaksen") is a German Bundesland (state).

The capital is Hannover (Hanover).

There are 38 districts:

There are 8 urban districts

Other important towns are Göttingen, Hildesheim and Goslar.


Mecklenburg-Vorpommern

Mecklenburg-Vorpommern or known by its anglicized name: Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania or Mecklenburg-West Pomerania (Low German: "Mäkelborg-Vörpommern") is one of the 16 States of Germany. The capital is Schwerin.

As of 2016, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania had about 1,612,000 people.

It made part of former East Germany.

It is the most northeastern state of Germany. It borders the Baltic Sea in the north, Poland in the east, Brandenburg in the south, Lower Saxony in the southwest and Schleswig-Holstein in the west.

Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania is low-lying and has many rivers, canals and lakes. The Stettin Lagoon lies partly in this state and partly in Poland.

The state hosts the biggest German island called Rügen, and the second biggest German lake called Müritz.

Seats in the state parliament ("Landtag") since 2016:

Total: 71 seats
The largest cities/towns in the state are:

Besides Rostock all have a population of less than 200,000. Schwerin, the state capital, is the smallest state capital in Germany. Usually Schwerin would not be called a city. In Germany a city has over 100,000 people.

Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania was going to change the borders of all of its urban districts (towns) and rural districts (kreise or "counties"). The state supreme court stopped the changes.

Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was divided into twelve rural districts ("Landkreise"):

Also there were six independent urban districts:


Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania has been divided into six rural districts ("Landkreise") and two independent urban districts ("kreisfreie Städte") since 4 September 2011:

Rural districts:

Urban districts:

Thailand

Thailand ( or ; , ), officially the Kingdom of Thailand (, ; ), is a country in Southeast Asia. Its neighbours are Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia, and Myanmar. Its name was Siam until June 1939 and between 1945 and May 11 1949. The word Thai (ไทย) comes from the ethnic group in the center of Thailand. 

Thailand is a constitutional monarchy. It has a King as a head of state, who is Vajiralongkorn at the moment.

Most people here (95 percent) follow the philosophy called Buddhism. Smaller number of people (4.4%), mostly to the south, follow Islam. Other religions in Thailand are Christianity, Hinduism, and Sikhism. Some Muslims in the south have begun fighting the government because they want to be more independent.

Population: the total fertility rate was 1.3 (in 2019).

A Buddhist kingdom named Sukhothai was founded here in 1238. 

A century later, a bigger kingdom named Ayuthaya appeared south of Sukhothai. Later Sukhothai became a part of Ayuthaya. Ayuthaya existed for more than 400 years before its fall by the attack of a Burmese kingdom.

A soldier of Chinese origin then founded a new capital city at Thonburi, and became King Tāksin. 

The current era, Rattanakosin, started on founding Bangkok as the capital city by King Rama I of Chakri Dynasty.

Before 1932, Thailand was an absolute monarchy. On June 24, 1932, a group of people did a coup and changed Thailand to a constitutional monarchy. It was not until 1973 that Thai people voted for a Prime Minister in an election. There were coups both before and after this year.

In 1951, there was a failed coup - the Manhattan Rebellion. On September 19, 2006, the army did a coup d'état and took control from Thaksin Shinawatra's government.

In May 2014, a new military coup d'état removed another government.

In October 2016, Rama X become the new king.

Between 1932 and 2014, Thailand had 12 coup d'etats.

Thailand is made up of 76 provinces (จังหวัด, changwat), put into 5 groups. There are 2 specially governed districts: the capital Bangkok and Pattaya. The 76 provinces including Bangkok are as follows:






NOTE: In "italics" [1], that province is about the Greater Bangkok sub-region; in "italics" [2], that province is about the West sub-region.

The economy of Thailand "is based on trade and investment in the agricultural and tourism sectors, according to media. In 2022, the country with investors that invested the most in Thailand, was Japan; Chinese investors had the second place.

Industry had a contribution to the GDP, of 43.9 percent (in 2007), and 14 percent of the workforce are in that sector (of the economy). Within that sector, "manufacturing" was the biggest part, and it had a contribution (to the GDP), with 34.5 (in 2004).

In 2014, Credit Suisse reported that Thailand was the world's third most unequal country, behind Russia and India. The top 10% richest held 79% of the country's assets. The top 1% held 58% of the assets.



2005 Hoboken mayoral election

The Hoboken election of 2005 was an election when people living in Hoboken, New Jersey voted for a mayor. They also voted for a person for council of the city. The main people hoping to be mayor were:

The people hoping to join the council were:

The election was on May 10, 2005. Roberts and Marsh got the most votes. Neither of them got 50% of the vote. Because this happened, a second election will happen (June 14, 2005).

1519

1519 was a common year.



1475

1475 was a common year.


1483

1483 was a common year.


Hoboken, New Jersey

Hoboken is an American city in the state of New Jersey. It is by the Hudson River in Hudson County, across from Manhattan. In 2020, 60,419 people lived there.

Hoboken is at 40°44'41" North, 74°1'59" West (40.744851, -74.032941).

The United States Census Bureau said the city has a total area of 5.1 km² (2.0 mi²). 3.3 km² (1.3 mi²) of it is land and 1.8 km² (0.7 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 35.35% water.

Hoboken was originally an island. The Hudson River was to the east. To the west was a swamp near the Palisades Sill. The island was a campsite used by the Lenni Lenape. The name Hoboken comes from the original Lenape name for "Hobocan Hackingh" or "land of the tobacco pipe." Europeans came in the 17th century.

The first European to find Hoboken was Henry Hudson. He stopped his ship near Weehawken Cove on October 2, 1609. Three Native Americans sold Hoboken to Michael Paauw, Director of the Dutch West India Company on July 12, 1630. The first European settlers of Hoboken were Dutch farmers. Hendrick Van Vorst of Jersey City leased the land to Aert Van Putten, who was Hoboken's first person. In 1643 Van Putten built a farm house and brew house north of Castle Point. The brew house was America's first.

The land was taken by William Bayard. Bayard liked the revolutionary cause but changed to a Loyalist Tory in 1776 when the Rebels lost the New York and New Jersey Campaign. At the end of the Revolutionary War, Bayard's land was taken by the Revolutionary Government of New Jersey.

After the American war for independence, Hoboken was bought by Colonel John Stevens in 1784 for about $90,000. In the early 19th century, Stevens made the waterfront better for Manhattan people. He tested his inventions. Later in the century, Hoboken became better by being a shipping port and industrial center. Hoboken became a city in 1855, and Cornelius V. Clickener became the first Mayor. By the 19th century, shipping lines were using Hoboken as a port, and the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad (later the Erie Lackawanna Railroad) had became a railroad center at the waterfront. 

In 1832, a cave called Sybil's Cave opened and was popular. At that time, Hoboken was not yet an industrial city, and Hoboken was a country spot. Sybil's Cave was used in one of Edgar Allan Poe's stories in 1841. The water in the cave was bad, so the cave closed in the 1880s. In the 1930s it was filled with stone but in 2005 it was reopened.

Hoboken grew. People got many jobs in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The Hoboken Land and Improvement Company, started by Colonel Stevens in 1838, created many streets, began housing, and created building sites. The housing was made up of masonry of three to five stories. Many buildings survive to the present day, and the street grid. It was also at this time that German immigrants became the main group in Hoboken. Along with the main industry of creating ships, well-known industries that created a big presence in Hoboken were Maxwell House, Lipton Tea, and Hostess, among others. In 1870, the Stevens Institute of Technology was created at Castle Point, the highest point in Hoboken.

World War I changed Hoboken. People against Germans started the city being placed under law, and many Germans had to move to Ellis Island in nearby New York Harbor. Or they left the city. During the war Hoboken became famous. In Hoboken terminal, American troops got onto ships that went to Europe. More than three million soldiers went through the terminal, and their word phrase was "Heaven, Hell or Hoboken... by Christmas."

After the war, Italians were the city's major group, with the Irish having been a big group.

In the 1960s, other people followed, including Puerto Ricans. High crime rates shortly followed, and many of Hoboken's original residents slowly moved out, including Irish and Italians. In the middle of the 20th century, industries looked for greener areas, port jobs went to larger places in Newark Bay, and the car, truck and airplane relpaced the railroad and ship as the way of moving in the United States. Most of the ports closed around 1975.

In the 1970s and 1980s, Hoboken attracted artists, musicians, and commuters who were going into Manhattan for work. Making Hoboken better was done in the same way as in the Manhattan. Making Hoboken better has continued, with many new places to live now being built on what used to be industrial sites on the waterfront and even more so in the western parts of Hoboken that were wost for the longest time. Although political control of the city is largely influenced by the city's long-term residents, the "yuppies" who have settled in Hoboken are now showing extensive interest. The City of Hoboken is controlled by the Faulkner Act (Mayor-Council).

"Notice: This section of reading material may be too difficult to read."

As of the census of 2000, there are 38,577 people, 19,418 households, and 6,835 families residing in the city. The population density is 11,636.5/km² (30,239.2/mi²). There are 19,915 housing units at an average density of 6,007.2/km² (15,610.7/mi²). The racial makeup of the city is 80.82% White, 4.26% African American, 0.16% Native American, 4.31% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 7.63% from other races, and 2.78% from two or more races. 20.18% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There are 19,418 households out of which 11.4% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 23.8% are married couples living together, 9.0% have a female householder with no husband present, and 64.8% are non-families. 41.8% of all households are made up of individuals and 8.0% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size is 1.92 and the average family size is 2.73.

In the city the population is spread out with 10.5% under the age of 18, 15.3% from 18 to 24, 51.7% from 25 to 44, 13.5% from 45 to 64, and 9.0% who are 65 years of age or older. The median age is 30 years. For every 100 females there are 103.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there are 103.9 males.

The median income for a household in the city is $62,550, and the median income for a family is $67,500. Males have a median income of $54,870 versus $46,826 for females. The per capita income for the city is $43,195. 11.0% of the population and 10.0% of families are below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 23.6% of those under the age of 18 and 20.7% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.

With containerization in the 20th century Hoboken lost business as a port town and became rundown. Paterson, Elizabeth, and Camden were other places in New Jersey with similar problems. In the late 1970s, it began to prosper again and many people wanted to live there. 

The city today is known for its excellent views of Manhattan, its fine-grained street grid, its historic architecture, and its restaurants and bars. A car is more of a hindrance than a help in getting around, and people do a great amount of walking. On weekend nights the town swells with young partygoers from nearby New Jersey towns who practice a rowdier style of barhopping than is fashionable across the river in Manhattan. Sundays are quieter.

Hoboken's gentrification has become relatively advanced, though many native residents remain in the city and hold political power. The population of "newcomers" or "yuppies", as they are typically called in the local press, consists of college and post-graduate students, bi-nationals, older artists and, increasingly, well-to-do commuters to Manhattan. However, rising rents and other costs of living, particularly in rental units, has resulted in some of the "bohemian" population moving away.

The Hoboken waterfront is the western shore of the Hudson from Newark Street and the Holland Tunnel to the south, and the Stevens Institute of Technology and Lincoln Tunnel to the north. The waterfront defined Hoboken as a port town and powered its economy from the mid-19th century to the outbreak of World War I when the federal government took control for war purposes. Control of the waterfront was returned to the city in the early 1950s. "On the Waterfront", often listed among the five or ten best American films ever, was filmed here. It dramatized the lives of dockworkers, and the infiltration of unions by organized crime. Today the waterfront is a place to look at the Hudson River and Manhattan, with landscaped parks built on the foundations of former piers (Pier A, Pier C, Sinatra Park and Pier 14).






1919

1919 was a common year starting on Wednesday in the Gregorian calendar.














Caffeine

Caffeine is a central nervous system (CNS) stimulant. It is in the methylxanthine class. It is found in many plants, and is used in drinks like coffee, some teas, some soft drinks, and energy drinks. It can be harmful for both humans and animals if a large amount is consumed. If a person ate 10-13 grams of caffeine quickly, between 80 and 100 cups of coffee, they would overdose and may die. It is the world's most popular psychoactive drug, and is legal in nearly all of the world. 

Caffeine is the main drug that is in coffee. Coffee comes from a tree. The seeds of the tree are roasted to make coffee.

Caffeine comes from other plants as well. It is in guarana, yerba maté, cacao, and some plants used to make tea. The plants use caffeine as a "pesticide". This is a chemical that kills insects if they eat the plant. It is the way the plant protects itself.

Caffeine was first extracted from cocoa beans into its purest form which is a white powder and the word originated from the German word “kaffee” and the French word “café” which both mean caffeine.

It is called guaranine when it comes from the guarana plant and theine when it comes from a tea plant. It is called mateine in the mate drink. This drink is an infusion made with Yerba mate.

Caffeine is a "stimulant" drug. A stimulant is a drug that increases body actions like heart rate, blood pressure, and metabolism. It makes a person more awake and alert.

Caffeine also is a diuretic. This means it makes a person make more urine (the waste liquid a person makes).

The caffeine chemical is called a "xanthine alkaloid". This is a group of chemicals that are stimulants. Some xanthine alkaloids (like theophylline) are used to help asthma.

The biggest use of caffeine is as a stimulant. People drink coffee and other drinks with caffeine to stay awake.

Doctors sometimes use caffeine as a medicine. It is used for headaches (head pain). It is sometimes used to help premature (born "very" early) babies to breathe. The short-term risk of this treatment seems to be that the babies treated gain less weight than usual.

Caffeine is sometimes given to people after a lumbar puncture. This is a test to see if someone has meningitis.

In the beginning caffeine was found to relieve hunger, so it was used for weight loss. That did not last because people were using too much. Caffeine can be a very dangerous drug when not used in the right way.

Caffeine also has medicinal properties. It is used in many over the counter medicines, such as Excedrin, Midol and Anacin. When combined with other analgesics, caffeine can help to alleviate headaches and cramps.

The largest problem with caffeine is addiction. This is when people get bad symptoms when they do not have the drug. When people have "withdrawal" (feel bad because they do not have the drug) they drink more. This makes them feel better. But if they cannot get more, they are likely to feel some of the symptoms listed below:

Caffeine can also hurt people if they drink a lot at once. If someone takes too much of a drug at once it is called an "overdose". Caffeine overdose is a medical diagnosis. It is called: "Caffeine-Induced Organic Mental Disorder" or "Caffeine Intoxication". People with this can have these symptoms:

Caffeine also has some strong advantages:

250–300 mg of caffeine a day is a "moderate" amount. That is as much caffeine that is in three cups of coffee (8oz each cup). More than 750–1000 mg a day is a significant amount, but is very unlikely to kill someone. The Lethal Dose 50 of caffeine is 192 mg per kilogram, in rats. In humans, it is between 150 and 200 mg per kilogram (70-90 per pound.)

Caffeine is in many drinks and foods. This is "approximate" amounts of caffeine in some food and drink:


One ounce – abbreviated oz – is 30 ml.

A 'cup' is 8 oz (240 ml.)




Chicago

Chicago is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the third largest city in the United States. As of 2020, the population is 2,746,388. It is the city with the largest population in the Midwestern United States. Chicago is the main city of the Chicago metropolitan area, or Chicagoland. The Chicago metropolitan area has 10 million people, the third largest population in the United States.

Chicago is by Lake Michigan. Chicago became a city in 1837 and is in between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River watershed. It grew quickly in the mid-19th century. The Great Chicago Fire of 1871 destroyed many square miles and made more than 100,000 people homeless. Major efforts were made to rebuild it. Chicago's population grew when more construction jobs came. By 1900, Chicago was the fifth-largest city in the world. Chicago is known for its urban planning and zoning standards, for example, new construction styles from the Chicago School of architecture, the development of the City Beautiful Movement, and the steel-framed skyscraper. Chicago built the first skyscraper in the world in 1885, the Home Insurance Building.

Chicago is a center for finance, culture, trade, industry, education, technology, telecommunications, and transportation. It is one of the largest markets of the world. The O'Hare International Airport is the fifth or sixth busiest airport in the world and first or second in the United States. The region has the largest number of federal highways. It has many railroads too. Globalization and World Cities Research Network lists Chicago as an alpha global city. The Global Cities Index ranked Chicago seventh in the world in 2017. The Chicago area generated $689 billion in 2018. It has a very diverse and balanced economy. Chicago is home to several Fortune 500 companies, including Allstate, Boeing, Exelon, Kraft Heinz, McDonald's, Mondelez International, Sears, United Airlines Holdings, and Walgreens.

58 million people visited Chicago in 2018. It was the second most visited city in the United States. New York City had 65 million visitors in 2018. Chicago had first place in the 2018 Time Out City Life Index. This index was a survey about the quality of life in different areas. 15,000 people in 32 cities did the survey.

Some landmarks in the city are Millennium Park, Navy Pier, the Magnificent Mile, the Art Institute of Chicago, Museum Campus, the Willis (Sears) Tower, Grant Park, Chicago Riverwalk, the Museum of Science and Industry, and Lincoln Park Zoo. There are many universities and colleges, for example University of Chicago, Northwestern University, and the University of Illinois at Chicago. Chicago has professional sports teams in the major professional leagues, and two are Major League Baseball teams.

Jean Baptiste Point du Sable founded Chicago in the early 1700s. It was founded to create a canal to let boats on the Great Lakes to connect to the Mississippi River. Later, the city became a trading center for food, crops, and fur. The city grew very fast because of how the river back then was clean and healthy to drink. In 1837, Chicago became a city. The city grew until the Great Chicago Fire in 1871. The fire lasted for almost a week. Almost half the city and its population were lost in the fire. After the fire, Chicago grew faster than ever.

Then, city's economy grew and more people migrated there from other parts of the world. many of the immigrants were Germans, Jews, Irish, Swedes, Poles, and Czechs. The immigrants were almost two-thirds of the city's population. In 1889, Jane Addams built Hull house in Chicago for children and the poor. In 1893, the city hosted the World's Columbian Exposition. In 1892, they created the University of Chicago.

In 1919, the city became known for its gangsters, for example Al Capone, Dean O’Banion, Bugs Moran, and Tony Accardo. In the 1929 Saint Valentine's Day Massacre, Al Capone ordered gangsters to be shot on St. Valentine's Day. Then, the city became known for John Dillinger, a bank robber. He could rob a bank in under two minutes. Dillinger was shot and killed at the Biograph Theatre in 1934.

Anton Cermak was the 44th mayor of Chicago. He was shot and killed during the Democratic party convention in 1933. A man tried to shoot Franklin D. Roosevelt and Cermak blocked the bullet to save the President. Cermak died hours later. In 1955, Mayor Richard J. Daley was a powerful and well known Democrat. He helped Martin Luther King and other activists share their thoughts without being arrested in Chicago.

The 1968 Democratic National Convention had large protests and riots outside the convention. Richard J. Daley helped create the construction sites for the Willis Tower, O'Hare International Airport, the McCormick Place, and the University of Illinois at Chicago. Jane Byrne helped Chicago to become one of the most popular tourist attractions in the United States. She was the first female mayor of Chicago.

In 1982, seven people were poisoned with cyanide in Tylenol pills across the city. This led to changes in the packaging of over-the-counter drugs and to federal anti-tampering laws.

In 1983, Harold Washington became the first African American mayor of Chicago. He helped clean all dangerous and poor neighborhoods in the city. He was later re-elected, but died of a heart attack. He would become the second mayor of Chicago to die from a heart attack while in office. The first was Richard J. Daley. Eugene Sawyer finished Washington's second full term. Sawyer was the second African American Mayor of Chicago.

In 1989, Richard M. Daley, the son of Richard J. Daley, became the mayor of Chicago. Daley was the longest serving Mayor of Chicago.

In 2011, Rahm Emanuel became the first Jewish Mayor of Chicago.

In 2012, the NATO Summit was held in Chicago and lasted for three days. The city would also host the 38th G8 summit. The G8 summit was moved to Camp David because Chicago already hosted the NATO summit.

Chicago has the fourth-largest gross domestic product (GDP) of any city in the world. It is behind Tokyo, New York City, and Los Angeles, and ahead of London and Paris.

In 2019, Lori Lightfoot was elected mayor, making Chicago the largest city in the country to have a female, African-American, and LGBT+ mayor.

Chicago has a very well-known culture. Some of the many things Chicago is famous for are: Chicago-style hot dogs, Chicago-style (deep dish) pizza, Maxwell Street Polish Sausage, jazz music, and 1920s gangsters, for example Al Capone. Chicago is also known for architecture, for example the Sears Tower and museums. It is also known for its loyal sports fans.

Chicago was home to the Bijou Theater, the longest-running gay adult theater and sex club in the United States. It opened in 1970, and it permanently closed its doors in September 2015.

For many years, the Sears Tower was the tallest building in the world. It is the second tallest building in the United States.

Chicago has the most Polish people inside its city limits outside of Warsaw. Historic U.S. Route 66 starts in Chicago by Grant Park in front of the Art Institute of Chicago.

Chicago is a multicultural city with many Italians, Greeks, Gypsies, Serbians and Eastern Europeans living in the city. Chicago has a large Hispanic population with many Puerto Ricans and Mexicans. Other ethnic groups in Chicago are African American, Irish, Chinese, Indians, Arabs, Russians, Bulgarians, Romanians, Armenians, and Japanese.

Chicago is a major world financial center. It has the second largest central business district in the United States. The city is the headquarters of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago (the Seventh District of the Federal Reserve). The city is also home to major financial and futures exchanges, for example the Chicago Stock Exchange, the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (the "Merc"), which is owned by Chicago's CME Group. The CME Group also owns the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX), the Commodities Exchange Inc. (COMEX) and the Dow Jones Indexes.

The city also has markets with unusual trade contracts, for example emissions (on the Chicago Climate Exchange), and equity style indexes (on the U.S. Futures Exchange). Chase Bank has its commercial and retail banking headquarters in Chicago's Chase Tower.


There are many museums in Chicago.


Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago. Chicago is home to 15 sports teams. Most of the city's major sports teams play within the city limits.
Chicago has two Major League Baseball teams: the Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Cubs. The White Sox play at the Guaranteed Rate Field and the Cubs play at Wrigley Field. The Chicago Cubs are one of the oldest teams in baseball. Chicago Cubs fans are dedicated and loyal to their team. The White Sox won the World Series in 2005. The Cubs won the World Series in 2016.

Chicago's National Basketball Association (NBA) team is the Chicago Bulls. For many years, Michael Jordan played for the Bulls. He helped them win six Championships in the 1990s. In 1999/2000 season Jordan was to return with the Bulls, he would have faced Lakers for the seventh championship and he would have won 11th scoring title.

In American football, Chicago is the home of the Chicago Bears of the NFL and the Chicago Rush of the AFL.

Chicago has two ice hockey teams, the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL and the Chicago Wolves of the AHL.

Chicago also has a Major League Soccer team, the Chicago Fire. It plays outside of the city in Bridgeview.

Many people and things travel through Chicago to get to other places. Chicago has a complex network of trains and buses that help people who live in Chicago travel across the city. Chicago's commuter train system is called the Metra. It runs within the city and into the suburbs around Chicago. The Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) is a system of buses and elevated trains (called the 'L') that run inside the city and towards the outer suburbs.

O'Hare International Airport is a major center for air travel. It is the second-busiest airport in the United States after the Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Chicago has another airport called the Midway Airport. Many trains use Chicago as a place to change loads and to change directions. The Chicago River is a canal between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi River. It is the only river to travel backwards.

The CTA has eight train lines. They are:


Chicago has four seasons. Summers are hot and humid. The July average is . In a normal summer, temperatures are above for 21 days. Winters are cold and snowy. There are often sunny days. The January daytime average is . Spring and autumn are mild with low humidity. Chicago is in the humid continental climate zone.

Chicago's highest official temperature was recorded on July 24, 1934, There was a reading of recorded at Midway Airport during that month. The lowest temperature of was recorded on January 20, 1985, at O'Hare Airport. Bad winter cold waves and summer heat waves can last for many days. There are also many mild winter and summer days. Thunderstorms are common in spring and summer. Sometimes they make tornadoes. They are more common in the suburban areas and not in the city. The heaviest snowfall record was in January 1999. It snowed 18.6 inches (47.2 centimeters).

Chicago is known as the Windy City, but it is less windy than many other big American cities. Wind speeds range from 8 miles per hour (13 km/h) in late summer to 12 miles per hour (19 km/h) in spring months. The "Windy City" nickname could be connected to Chicago politicians from the 1800s. When Chicago hosted the World's Fair, citizens of Chicago started to brag about it. They bragged so much that the city of Chicago became known as "The Windy City. The phrase may have also been created by Chicago tourism boosters promoting the city. They suggested that the cool breezes from Lake Michigan make Chicago a good summer destination.

The community areas in Chicago, are defined by the Social Science Research Committee at the University of Chicago.The City of Chicago recognizes 77 divisions in the city. These areas are well-defined and stable. Census data helps make urban planning initiatives in the city.

Chicago is the county seat of Cook County. The government of the City of Chicago is divided into executive and legislative branches. Civil and criminal law cases are heard in the Cook County Circuit Court of the State of Illinois court system, or in the Northern District of Illinois, in the federal system. In the former, the public prosecutor is the Illinois State's Attorney, in the latter, the United States Attorney.

The Mayor of Chicago is the chief executive, elected by general election for a term of four years, with no term limits. The mayor appoints commissioners and other officials who oversee the various departments. In addition to the mayor, Chicago's two other citywide elected officials are the clerk and the treasurer. The City Council is the legislative branch and is made up of 50 aldermen, one elected from each ward in the city. The council enacts local ordinances and approves the city budget. Government priorities and activities are established in a budget ordinance usually adopted each November. The council takes official action through the passage of ordinances and resolutions.

The current mayor is Brandon Johnson since 2023.

Chicago had a murder rate of 14.5 per 100,000 residents in 2012. Some smaller cities have higher rates, New Orleans, Newark, and Detroit had 53 murders per 100,000 residents in 2012. The total number of murders in the city was highest in 1974, with 970 murders (murder rate of 29 per 100,000). It was close in 1992 with 943 murders (murder rate of 34 per 100,000). Chicago had less violent crime rates in the 1990s. It had 448 homicides in 2004, the lowest total since 1965 (15.65 per 100,000). Chicago's murder rate was about the same in 2005, 2006, and 2007 with 449, 452, and 435.

Chicago is a major transportation spot in the United States. It is an important part of distribution in the world because it is the third largest inter-modal port in the world after Hong Kong and Singapore.

The Kennedy Expressway and Dan Ryan Expressways are the busiest state maintained roads in Illinois.
The Regional Transportation Authority (RTA) controls how the board of directors work at CTA, Metra, and Pace.

Greyhound Lines gives inter-city bus service to and from the city. Chicago is also the spot for the Midwest network of Megabus.

Amtrak long-distance services come from Union Station. Chicago is one of the largest hubs of passenger rail service in the USA. 




Chicago is in many movies. for example "The Blues Brothers"; "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"; "Child's Play", "Home Alone"; "The Fugitive"; "The Untouchables", "I, Robot"; "Wanted"; "Batman Begins"; "The Dark Knight"; ""; "Man of Steel"; "Widows" and "Rampage".

Sister cities

Partner city


Woodrow Wilson

Thomas Woodrow Wilson (December 28, 1856 – February 3, 1924) was the 28th president of the United States between 1913 and 1921. He was born in Virginia and grew up in Georgia. In 1917, after the U.S. had been neutral, it got involved with the First World War. Because of Wilson, the League of Nations was founded. Therefore, he received the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1919. Between 1890 and 1902, Wilson worked as professor for law at Princeton University.

He was one of the initiators of the League of Nations, the creation of which he strongly supported. He died of a stroke in Washington DC at age 67

Woodrow Wilson, son of Joseph Ruggles Wilson and Janet "Jessie" Woodrow Wilson, was born in Staunton, Virginia, United States. Wilson's father was a Presbyterian minister. Wilson had one brother and two sisters. He studied from 1875 to 1879 at the University of Princeton in New Jersey. Between 1879 and 1883, Wilson studied law at the University of Virginia. In 1885, he did a doctorate at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. His dissertation was about the "Congressional Government". In the same year, Wilson was married to Ellen Louise Axson.

Wilson started to teach political science at Princeton University in 1886. He became the director of Princeton University in 1902. Wilson kept in this position until 1910. Wilson's goal was to change the pedagogical system, the social system and the style of the campus.

He was elected to be the Governor of New Jersey for the Democratic Party in 1911. On November 4, 1912, Wilson was elected the 28th President of the United States. He won with 42% against the incumbent president William Howard Taft. His time being president started in March 1913.

Wilson mostly handled domestic matters during his first term. He passed laws to prevent monopolies from forming, started a few business regulations, passed laws protecting workers, and created the Federal Reserve. During his second term, he also helped women gain the right to vote.

In 1914, his wife Ellen died of Bright's Disease. His doctor, Cary Grayson, introduced him to a girl named Edith Galt, whose husband was also dead. After two months they fell in love and got married. For a long time he focused on her instead of his job as president. But soon, he got back to work.

In 1917, Wilson entered the country in World War One. America was previously neutral, but German submarines kept sinking American ships sailing in British waters and even tried to encourage Mexico to invade the United States, which was the final straw for Wilson. World War One was a war between the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, and the Ottoman Empire) and the Allied Powers (England, France, and Italy). America was on the Allies' side. The Allies won the war a year later.

Wilson took a ship to Europe to talk with the leaders of the other Allies about what to do with Germany. They came up with the Treaty of Versailles. A part of the Treaty of Versailles said that there will be a group of countries called the League of Nations. A lot of people in America did not like the League of Nations because they thought that it was none of America's business to mess with other countries' problems.

Wilson's political enemy, Senator Henry Lodge from Massachusetts, made a different version of the Treaty of Versailles. Even though Wilson was very sick, he traveled around the country asking people to like the Treaty and the League. Wilson ended up having a stroke. It was the first time he had one. It was very bad and Wilson was not able to run the country as best he could. His thinking also was not great because of the stroke. But, he stayed President and told Congress not to vote for Henry Lodge's new treaty. Congress listened but also said no to Wilson's treaty.

Wilson received criticism for many of his decisions. Theodore Roosevelt criticized him for entering the war too late.

Wilson nationalized private industries such as the telegraph, telephone, railroad, and prices rose exponentially. As prices began to rise, a recession set in and racial riots began leading to 150 deaths. His inability to subside racial struggles and the creation of the federal reserve make him one of the most consequential presidents of all time.

Brown

Brown is a color. There are many ways to make the color brown - it can be a mixture of orange and black, of red, blue and yellow, of red and green, of blue and orange, of yellow and purple or of red, yellow and black paint.

Brown is the color of:


Yoda

Yoda is a fictional character from the "Star Wars" universe. He is a Grand Jedi Master who plays an important part in the films. Frank Oz voices Yoda. Originally he was a puppet, played by Oz. But in the last two movies, Episodes II and III, Yoda is made with CGI.

Yoda has lived for over 900 years and not much of his history before "" is known. He is an alien, but his race and where he is from are never said. He speaks the same language as everyone else but says his sentences sort of backwards. For example, "Teach you, I will" instead of "I will teach you".

Yoda is the oldest and wisest member of the Jedi Council. Even though he is very small, he is very good with a lightsaber and uses the 4th jedi style known as Ataru.


Magenta

Magenta is a purplish-red color. It is considered a dark pink or tint of pink.

In the HSV (RGB) color wheel, magenta is a secondary color, made using red and blue. Magenta has the same hue as colors such as pink, but the saturation and value is different.

Magenta is one of three colors used by an inkjet printer, along with cyan and yellow. These three primary colors are used to make the other colors. The tone of magenta used in printing is called "printer's magenta" (Magenta (CMYK)).

The first written use of "magenta" as a color name in English was in 1860. Another name for "magenta" is fuchsia, named after the fuchsia flower.


Although magenta and fuchsia are the same color, the chart below (the colors displayed on which are also shown in the magenta color chart above) shows those tones of magenta which are specifically named fuchsia.
If the visible spectrum is wrapped to form a color wheel, magenta (additive secondary) appears midway between red and blue:


The Monkees

The Monkees were an American pop-rock band. The band was created originally for a comedy television series of the same name which aired on NBC, from 1966 to 1968. The members of the group were Davy Jones, Michael Nesmith, Peter Tork, and Micky Dolenz. They had hits with "Last Train to Clarksville", "I'm a Believer", and "Daydream Believer". Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart were songwriters and producers who worked with the Monkees. Another writer/producer for the Monkees was Chip Douglas. Many of the songs recorded by the Monkees came from the Brill Building writers in New York City.

Four actors with musical skills were chosen, out of 437 hopefuls who auditioned for the series. Britisher Davy Jones was under contract to Columbia Pictures, had issued records, and performed on British and American television. Columbia was looking for a project for Jones, and Screen Gems, who would produce the show, was their TV division. Nesmith was from Texas, played in country and rock bands, and had published his own songs. Dolenz was a grown-up from Los Angeles, California, who sang and played in cover bands. Tork had been a working folk musician in New York's Greenwich Village. Each had their own wit and personality, could entertain an audience, and could also sing.

Other young men who auditioned for the show included Stephen Stills (who showed great talent, but looked too old for a role; he referred Tork, an old friend who looked a little like him), Danny Hutton (who later found fame with Three Dog Night), Harry Nilsson (who later met the Monkees, wrote for them, and recorded with them), and Paul Williams (who had lost a role in "Circus Boy" to Dolenz ten years earlier; the Monkees later recorded his song "Someday Man"). Charles Manson was later rumored to have auditioned, but he was imprisoned at the time.

Bob Rafelson and Bert Schneider wanted to make movies, but had little experience in that. Schneider's father was president of Columbia Pictures, and offered them the chance to make a for a television series. If the series was sold to a network, they could produce and direct , and gain experience.

Rafelson had already wanted to produce something involving musicians, and their life. When the Beatles appeared in the movies "A Hard Day's Night" and "Help!", people enjoyed watching them onscreen, both playing out their lives and performing comedy, along with playing music. Rafelson and Schneider adapted what they saw in the Beatles movies, and also in American movies and television. While the Beatles were always shown as a popular, well-known band, their show would be about an unknown band, looking for the chance to become famous.

The pilot episode was filmed in the fall of 1965. A first playing for a test audience did not score well, but a re-edited version scored very well, and the series was sold to NBC. To make sure there was enough music for the series, Don Kirshner was hired. His Brill Building songwriters were among the best young talent.

Actor James Frawley, the son of William Frawley (from "I Love Lucy" fame), wanted to become a movie director. He worked with Rafelson and Schneider, then with the Monkees as they were selected. Before the series began filming, Frawley spent six weeks working with the members, teaching them about in acting and comedy, and helping them learn to play characters.

"The Monkees" appeared for two seasons on NBC television, with 58 episodes made in all. The show won two Emmy Awards in 1967, for Outstanding Comedy Series, and Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Comedy. The series gave promotion to the Monkees's records, while their music made people interested in watching the show. While the show's natural audience was children and teenagers, there were also jokes and other things that older viewers could enjoy. The band sometimes talked directly to the audience, and made fun of the fact that they were on a television show. Many episodes ended with short interviews with the Monkees, where they talked about their careers and things that were important to them. This made their fans feel like they knew the members of the band.

Each episode featured two songs. One was normally a single side, and the other was a new song. The band lip-synched to recordings on camera, and also filmed unrelated scenes, in random places with whatever objects were there. These were edited together and called "romps". The romps looked much like music videos.

A large problem the Monkees faced was that none of them could play a musical instrument, because the music on their first records was mostly made by studio musicians. Nesmith and Dolenz played guitar (although Dolenz was primarily a vocalist), and Dolenz took drum lessons, so he could play drums on camera. Tork played guitar, keyboards and banjo. Jones learned to play drums and guitar, and a custom bass guitar was made specially for him. He also played percussion instruments, like tambourine.

The band had little experience playing together though, and were not able to make the music needed to begin the show. The producers planned at first to use prerecorded music, and went ahead with that plan. Don Kirshner had good for knowing what would sell well, and took charge of the recordings, limiting the input the Monkees themselves had in making the music. For most of the first season's songs, the members only sang, and did not play on the records. Boyce and Hart also noticed that when all four Monkees were together in the studio, they would try to make each other laugh during takes, and things did not get done. They began bringing the band to record in ones and twos. Kirshner also okayed Nesmith to produce two of his own songs, for each Monkees album. Nesmith could choose musicians and sing, but could not play on the records himself.

In time, the band improved musically, and wanted another chance to play on their own recordings. They also began to perform live for audiences. Kirshner would not change his mind, issued a whole album without even telling the band, and planned to issue a new single. Nesmith argued with Kirshner and his attorney (putting his own fist through a wall to show his anger), and called a , telling the media about his unhappiness with how the music was made. Many people thought this proved the Monkees were , and did not deserve to be popular. To prove themselves, the Monkees recorded a new single, then a new album, with each member playing instruments. Their new records did not sell as well as their first ones, but they felt better knowing the music was really theirs, and they still had hit records.

Kirshner issued the single "A Little Bit Me, A Little Bit You" (written by Neil Diamond), without getting an OK first. This was reason enough to fire him from the Monkees production team. Kirshner's career was not harmed, and he went on to produce other music his way, including songs for The Archies. He later hosted a show, "Don Kirshner's Rock Concert", which featured bands in a live setting.

The Monkees became tired of the same "formula" used in episode after episode of the series (Davy Jones would fall in love with a girl, and the rest of the band would help him get together with her), and wanted to try doing a variety show instead. NBC and the show's producers did not want to change the way the show was done. The two sides could not agree, and the show was cancelled, even though it was still popular.

After the television series ended, the Monkees starred in a movie, "Head", and a TV special, "33 1/3 Revolutions per Monkee". Neither was successful, and the band's later records were not hits. The Monkees kept performing for audiences, but fewer and fewer people went to their shows. The band members each quit one by one. Tork left at the end of 1968, saying he was . Nesmith left in 1970, to start his own band. Jones left during 1970, and went back to performing solo.

"The Monkees" appeared in reruns on CBS from 1969 to 1972, first during lunchtimes and later alongside Saturday morning cartoons. ABC later aired the series, from 1972 to 1973.

Each former Monkee tried different things during the next decade. Tork worked as a musician, teacher and singing waiter. Nesmith pursued a country music career, then began to make videos. Jones and Dolenz both sang on records. Jones did more theater work, while Dolenz made cartoon .

Dolenz and Jones teamed up with Boyce and Hart in 1976, to tour and perform the Monkees' old hits. They also made a new album together. Later Jones and Dolenz went to England, to appear in a production of Harry Nilsson's "The Point!" Both stayed in England. Jones appeared in "Godspell" and other musical plays, and retrained as a jockey. Dolenz became a television director and producer. During these same years, Nesmith started his own company, to produce music and videos. Tork went back to performing and sometimes making records.

"The Monkees" appeared in from 1975 on, usually playing on local television stations during afternoons. A compilation album, "The Monkees Greatest Hits", was issued, and their old hits still played on radio stations. A second "Greatest Hits" album appeared later.

In 1986, Tork, Jones and Dolenz reunited, as part of an "oldies show" tour. MTV aired nearly every episode of their old series one Sunday, to promote the tour, and it became a surprise hit. Twenty years after they started, a new generation of young people were interested in the Monkees. The tour went from a small one to a major one, and the Monkees were back. MTV and the Monkees worked well together. Nickelodeon, a sister network to MTV, aired their series, and the band appeared on Nickelodeon and MTV during the late 1980s. Nesmith mostly did not join the reunion, because of his production career, but he did make a few rare appearances with them. The other members also kept their solo careers, between tours.

During the 1990s, the reunited Monkees continued to tour, and appear as guests on television. Nesmith rejoined them for a new album, "Justus", a TV special, and he appeared with them onstage in England. He left when they began to tour the United States, though, and did not return. After 2000, they toured less often. Tork left again in 2001, and Jones and Dolenz last worked together in 2002.

Every episode of the TV series is for sale on DVD (as is their movie "Head"), and all their record releases are for sale on compact disc. Rhino Records bought the rights to all their works, and still oversees Monkees releases.

Dolenz, Tork and Jones toured the UK and USA throughout 2011. Davy Jones died on February 29, 2012 in Stuart, Florida. The Monkees then continued to tour with Nesmith, Dolenz, and Tork.

Peter Tork died on February 21, 2019, at a family home in Connecticut. Peter succumbed to a 10-year bout with adenoid cystic carcinoma, a rare cancer of the salivary glands.

Michael Nesmith died from heart failure at his home in Carmel Valley, California on December 10, 2021, at the age of 78.



Abu Dhabi

Abu Dhabi (, "ʼAbū Ẓaby") is the capital city of the United Arab Emirates. It is in the emirate of Abu Dhabi. Abu Dhabi is one of the seven emirates which form the United Arab Emirates(UAE). The city is on a T-shaped island going into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast. The city is 972 km in size. The city had a population of 1.45 million people in 2022. Abu Dhabi is also the capital of UAE and is the largest emirates in UAE.

People started to live in the area and call it Abu Dhabi about 300 years ago. In the 1970s, the Bani Yas tribe made Abu Dhabi their capital city. Shakhbut bin-Dhiyab Al Nahyan became the leader of the city in 1818. People found oil in 1958 in Abu Dhabi. They started to sell the oil in the 1960s. In 1971 December the 2nd, Abu Dhabi joined the United Arab Emirates and became the capital city.

Abu Dhabi is in a desert and has a desert climate. There is not a lot of rain but it does rain a little in the winter months. The average rainfall per year is 51 cm. It can also be very hot. In the daytime, the average summer temperature is 42 °C. The average daytime temperature in the winter is more comfortable at 23 °C.

Abu Dhabi has many tourist attractions such as the Sheikh Zayed Mosque, Abu Dhabi Louvre Museum, Mangrove Kayaking Tours, Ferrari World, the Emirates Palace, Qasr Al-Hosn, bout towers, Abu Dhabi According to the Department of Culture and Tourism. The usual amount of people that come in Abu Dhabi is 10 million per year. Abu Dhabi also has Jabal Hafeet, which is the tallest mountain in the UAE.

1927







June 6- Shefqet Nebih Gashi, Serbian politician







The Rolling Stones

The Rolling Stones are an English rock band that formed in London in 1962. The band members were: Mick Jagger (rhythm guitar and vocals), Keith Richards (lead and rhythm guitar and vocals), Brian Jones (lead guitar), and Bill Wyman (bass guitar). The band has been influenced by American blues and rock musicians like Howlin' Wolf, Chuck Berry, Bo Diddley and Muddy Waters. In the beginning they had their first hits with covers versions of songs of those artists. Along with the Beatles and the Kinks, they helped to lead the British Invasion of the early to mid 1960s.

Their fame rose quickly in 1965 with the song "The Last Time." The song "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" became a world-wide hit for the band. It was followed up by songs like "19th Nervous Breakdown" and "Paint It Black". In the 1967 they experimented with a psychedelic music style. But in 1968 they went back to a harder rock style with songs like "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and "Honky Tonk Women."

In 1969, Brian Jones was fired from the band due to his growing drug addictions. A few weeks later Jones was found dead in his swimming pool. A highly respected young blues guitarist named Mick Taylor was named as his replacement. Taylor played on some of the band's most successful songs of the late 1960s and early 1970s including the hits "Brown Sugar", "Tumbling Dice", and "It's Only Rock n' Roll." Taylor left the band in 1974. Ronnie Wood was hired as Taylor's replacement and he has been with the band ever since. Long time bassist Bill Wyman retired from the band in 1992.

The band remained active as a consistently successful recording and touring act throughout the 1980s and 1990s and into the 2000s. In total they have released 30 studio albums, 33 live albums 121 singles, 29 compilation albums, 32 box sets, 48 video albums and 77 music videos.

In 1989 The Rolling Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. And in 2004 they were ranked number 4 in "Rolling Stone Magazine"s list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time."

In 2013 the group performed on the main stage at the Glastonbury Festival for the first time.

The Rolling Stones member Charlie Watts died in 2021.



Black Sabbath

Black Sabbath were an English heavy metal band. They are considered to be the inventors of heavy metal. They helped start the genre in the late 1960s and early 1970s. They have sold over 70 million albums worldwide.
The original lineup for the band was Ozzy Osbourne (vocals), Tony Iommi (guitar), Terence "Geezer" Butler (bass) and Bill Ward (drums).

Black Sabbath formed in 1968. The band was originally named Polka Tulk Blues Band. After that it was shortened to Polka Tulk. They decided after that to name themselves Earth which Osbourne hated. They played blues-rock music. Tony Iommi had a work accident that cut off the tips of his middle and ring finger on his right hand. He started tuning his guitar lower to make its strings looser. This made it easier for him to play the guitar. Because of this, his guitar had a darker, deeper sound. The band thought this made their music sound dark and scary. Their music also had unusual key changes and time signatures (metre). They released their first album, "Black Sabbath", in 1970. Their most successful single, named "Paranoid" came from their second album of the same name, which was supposed to be named War Pigs. It was produced by Rodger Bain and released in 1970. After that album, they got a huge suitcase full of money so they could buy more drugs and they got more studio time.

Their third album was named "Master of Reality". It was released in 1971. The album sounded even more doomy than the first two albums. Their fourth album in 1972 was meant to be named Snowblind, but their record label did not want to release an album named after a song that references cocaine. The record label named it "Black Sabbath Vol. 4" instead. Their fifth album, "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath", came out in 1973. It was the first of their albums to get good reviews from critics, although their opinion of the first four albums also changed to become much more positive over time.

In 1975, Sabbath released "Sabotage", which featured some longer more progressive songs, and had a less doomy sound. This change in sound continued with 1976's "Technical Ecstasy", which received mixed reviews. Osbourne lost interest in the band and left for a short time. After that ex-Fleetwood Mac singer Dave Walker was the lead vocalist. Osbourne decided to rejoin in time their eighth album titled "Never Say Die!". It got ok reviews.

Ozzy was fired from the band in 1979 because of his drug and alcohol addiction. Ronnie James Dio had just left Rainbow (band) and met Sharon Osbourne at a bar. He ended up replacing him. The band recorded two studio albums and one live album with him. The first studio album of the two, "Heaven And Hell," was considered a return to success and musical form. drummer Bill Ward left midway through the Heaven & Hell tour due to alcohol addiction. Carmine Appice almost replaced him, but decided to let his younger brother Vinny Appice join instead as he was a huge fan of Sabbath. Carmine later joined Ozzy’s solo band replacing drummer Tommy Aldridge. Appice stayed for another album and tour. Dio and Appice got upset with the other members of the band due to the mixing of Live Evil. Dio and Appice left Black Sabbath in 1982 and formed Dio. Ward rejoined for next album, Born Again. He did not tour with the band for the supporting tour of the album. The drummer hired for the tour was ex-Electric Light Orchestra drummer Bev Bevan. The band hired ex-Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan for "Born Again". Gillan reunited with Deep Purple, effectively ending this lineup of Sabbath

In 1984, Butler left the band for a solo project. Iommi put sabbath on hiatus while into the studio to record a solo album. It was meant to be an all star album with multiple singers. He ended up using Glenn Hughes on the whole album. He hired many bassists to replace original bassist Butler. He hired many drummers to replace original drummer Ward. Seventh Star was not meant to be released as Black Sabbath. It was going to be his debut solo album. However, Iommi ended up being his debut it was released in 2000. Tony Iommi wanted it to be his debut solo album, but his Warner Bros/Vertigo refused to do so, stating that the Black Sabbath name would make more money. Iommi wouldn't do that, and Sabbath was not selling good at the time so it made more sense to mark it as a solo record. They came up with a solution. It ended up being released under Black Sabbath featuring Tony Iommi.

In 1987, The Eternal Idol was released with the same lineup but with vocalist Tony Martin on vocals. This lineup lasted for another album, than Dio rejoined. This lineup than would last till Cross Purposes with original bassist Butler on bass. Iommi reunited the Tyr lineup for Forbidden.

In 1992, Ronnie James Dio and Vinny Appice rejoined the band for another album and tour. After that, Tony Iommi reunited the Tyr lineup for another album but with original bassist Butler. In 1994, Butler left the band during the production of Forbidden. In 1997, the original line up reformed and continued to perform occasionally until 2006, when the band went to go do a greatest hits album with Dio. That ended up with a reunion tour and a new album and supporting tour.

In 2005, Black Sabbath were inducted into the "UK Music Hall of Fame". In 2006 the band were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

In 2011, the original line up announced they were getting back together to tour and record a new album. However, in February 2012, Ward announced he wouldn't tour and record with them unless he received a good contract for him. He never ended up getting his contract. They went on the road with Tommy Clutefos and for the studio used Rage Against the Machine Drummer Brad Wilk. They were ready to go tour when Tony Iommi got diagnosed with lymphoma. They cancelled all the dates on the reunion tour but one. That tour got replaced by Ozzy and Friends. After Tony Iommi recovered, they went out on a reunion tour. After that ended,they went on a supporting tour for their recently released album, 13. In 2016 they announced that they would embark on a farewell tour called The End tour. It lasted from 2016 to 2017.The band retired after the tour ended. It ended after the last show in Birmingham. They reunited for a one-off show at the Commonwealth games in Birmingham with touring drummer, Clutefos, keyboardist Adam Wakeman, original lead vocalist Osbourne, and lead guitarist Iommi.


Watt

The watt (symbol: W) is the SI unit of power. It is named in honour of the physicist James Watt (1736–1819).

The watt is a method of measuring the rate of energy transfer of an appliance. A one watt lightbulb, for example, will change one joule of electrical energy into light energy (and some heat/sound) every second, thus "consuming" it. It is a measure of an appliance's power (appetite for joules).

The watt is the rate a source of energy uses or produces one joule during one second, so the same quantity may be referred to as a joule per second, with the symbol J/s. It can also be written as kg·m·s. The more watts, the more energy used per second. That is why a higher-watt electrical appliance works faster than a lower-watt appliance.

It is equivalent to one volt ampere (1 V·A) or 1/746 of a horsepower. The power of a light bulb is measured in watts. LEDs have much smaller consumption of power. Example small led can be used by what can be also written 15 milliwatts.

Watt is a unit of power, joule is a unit of work and energy, and time is a unit of time. An equation for solving Power, Work and Time is Power = Work ÷ Time, Work = Power × Time, or Time = Work ÷ Power.
1000 watts is called a kilowatt, written as kW. It is also known as (10) watts. In many countries, electric bills are based on how many kilowatt-hours are being used.

1000000 watts is called a megawatt, written as MW. It is also known as (10) watts. This is used to describe how much electricity is needed by a large town.

1000000000 watts is called a gigawatt, written as GW. It is also known as (10) watts. This is used to describe how much electricity is needed for a power grid.

If 1000kJ of energy was used to power one lightbulb of 100W, how long will the lightbulb last for using that energy?

Because Time is unknown, but you know the other two, the correct equation would be "Time = Work ÷ Power", then 1,000,000J ÷ 100W = 10000 seconds. Then convert it into proper time and you'll get 2 hours, 46 minutes and 40 seconds.

Koblenz

Koblenz is a city in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany with about 107,000 inhabitants. It is the third biggest city in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and one of its main centres. Koblenz is the base of the Campus Koblenz of the University of Koblenz-Landau and the seat of the Mayen-Koblenz municipality.

Koblenz is at the meeting of the Rhine and Moselle rivers, between Bonn ( downstream the Rhine) and Mainz ( upstream the Rhine). Parts of Koblenz belong to a UNESCO World Heritage site.

Delta

Delta (uppercase/lowercase Δ δ), is a letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "d" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 4. Letters that came from it include the Roman D and Cyrillic Д.

In mathematics, the upper-case letter Δ can be used as symbol to represent "change" in a variable (e.g., formula_1). It can also be used to represent discriminant—a key algebraic expression used to determine the number of roots a polynomial has. The lower-case letter formula_2, on the other hand, is often used to denote small quantities in proofs involving limit, a key concept on calculus is based on.

In molecular chemistry, the lower case Greek letter δ is used to represent a partial charge. This is always less than the unit charge associated with an ion, but has no real fixed value.

A river delta is so named because its shape approximates the upper-case letter delta.


Elbe

The Elbe River ( , , , ) is one of the major waterways of central Europe. It comes from the North West Czech Republic. It flows through much of Germany. At Cuxhaven, it flows into the Wadden Sea, which is part of the North Sea. Important big cities on the boards of the river are Hradec Králové, Pardubice and Ústí nad Labem in the Czech Republic, and Dresden, Magdeburg and Hamburg in Germany. 

Each of mentioned cities in the Czech Republic has almost 100,000 inhabitants. There are about 500,000 people living in Dresden, and 250,000 in Magdeburg. With 1.8 million people in the city proper, Hamburg is the second largest city in Germany, and the sixth largest city in the European Union. Hamburg is still away from the estuary. 

The port in Hamburg is the second most important seaport in the EU, after Rotterdam, and the third most important for container ships in the EU (after Rotterdam and Antwerp). Ships can travel up to Pardubice. 

The Elbe is an important river, and is classified as a stream. Up to Cuxhaven, it is long, are in the Czech Republic. Officially, its length is , which is a point in the open sea. 

Danube

The Danube (Latin name "Hister") is the second-longest river in Europe (the Volga is the longest). It is the longest river of the European Union.

The river is 2,860 km (1,777 mi) long. Brigach and Breg join in Donaueschingen (near the Black Forest) to "make" the Danube. The Danube flows through or makes part of the border of 10 countries: Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary, Croatia, Serbia, Romania, Bulgaria, Moldova and Ukraine. The river ends in the Black Sea through the Danube Delta.

Bigger cities include Ulm, Regensburg in Germany; Linz, Vienna in Austria; Bratislava in Slovakia, Budapest in Hungary; Vukovar in Croatia; Novi Sad and Belgrade in Serbia.

The Danube is named in many other languages: , (Dunav), German and Plattdüütsch: , , , , , , or "Danubius", , , , , .

The Danube is an important waterway. Ocean ships can go to Brăila in Romania. River boats can go to Kehlheim in Bavaria. Smaller ships can travel as far north as Ulm, Germany.

There are three artificial waterways built on the Danube:
There is much history and culture related to the Danube. As with many other rivers, its natural environment and plants and animals are affected by pollution.


Main

The Main (pronounced in German like the English word "mine") is a river in Germany, 524 km in length, and one of the bigger tributaries of the Rhine river. Its average discharge at Frankfurt East Harbour is 190 cubic metres/second. It flows through the Bundesländer (states) of Bavaria, Hesse and 25 Kilometers along the border of Bavaria with Baden-Württemberg. The biggest city on the Main is Frankfurt, others are Bayreuth, Bamberg, Würzburg, Hanau and Offenbach. The mid Main valley is characterised by many vineyards. It is part of the region of Franken. Boats on the Main can use the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal to go to Eastern Europe. 

The name of the river has nothing to do with the English word "main", which means "most important", or the French word "main", which means "hand". The river was named "Mogin" by the ancient celts after their god Mogon. Later, the Romans called the river "Moenus" in their language. In the Middle Ages, this name became "Meyn" and later "Main".

Weser

The Weser is a river of north-western Germany. Formed at Hannoversch Münden by the confluence of the Fulda and Werra rivers, it flows through Bremen to the North Sea, and has a length of 440 km. Together with the Werra, its length is 730 km.

Suicide

Suicide is when a person chooses to kill themselves. When someone kills themselves, people say that they have "committed suicide," "completed suicide," or "died by suicide". When a person seriously considers killing themselves, they are described as suicidal.

Suicide is one of the top three causes of death for young people aged 14–35. It is the second most common cause of death for college students. Every 3 seconds, a person somewhere in the world tries to kill themselves. Every 40 seconds, someone dies by suicide. For every suicide, at least six other people are seriously affected.(WHO 2000) When people start having thoughts about killing themselves, it may be a medical emergency. They should get a suicide risk assessment as soon as possible. They should not be left alone.

There are many reasons why a person might think about suicide. Most people who are suicidal have some type of mental disorder. They may have a chronic condition, which has been going on for a long time. But it may be an acute condition, which means the first symptoms of mental illness happened rather quickly. Depression is a mental illness that may affect a person to have suicidal thoughts. Depression may also be a symptom of other mental or medical disorders. Another mental condition which may lead to self-harm or suicide is schizophrenia. The stress of life, and its events, like losing a job or getting sick, are less likely to cause suicide. Other causes of suicidal thoughts are extreme cases of bullying and social isolation. Although depression is the main factor in suicide, it is also treatable, and suicide is often preventable.

There are many risk factors for suicide. However, it is important to remember that risk factors are not the same as causes. Risk factors do not "cause" suicide or suicidal thoughts. They only make it more likely that some people with those risk factors "may" become suicidal. If a person has a risk factor, that does not mean they will become suicidal.

Mental illness is present at the time of suicide 27% to more than 90% of the time. Of those who have been hospitalized for suicidal behavior, the lifetime risk of completed suicide is 8.6%. Comparatively, non-suicidal people hospitalized for affective disorders have a 4% lifetime risk of suicide. Half of all people who die by suicide may have major depressive disorder; having this or one of the other mood disorders such as bipolar disorder increases the risk of suicide 20-fold. Other conditions implicated include schizophrenia (14%), personality disorders (8%), obsessive compulsive disorder, and posttraumatic stress disorder. Those with autism spectrum disorders also attempt and consider suicide more frequently.

Among people with a mental disorder, 25% also have alcohol abuse issues. People who abuse alcohol have a 50% greater risk of suicide than those who do not.

While acts of self-harm are not considered suicide attempts, a person who self-harms may be more likely to die by suicide.


Substance abuse is the second most common reason for suicide and feeling suicidal. Only two serious mental illnesses - depression and bipolar disorder - cause more harm. A person is at greater risk for suicide whether they have been using drugs for a long time or just a short time. When a drug abuser is also suffering from great sadness or grief, suicide is even more common.

Problem gamblers have more suicidal ideation and make more suicide attempts compared to the general population. (Problem gambling is gambling that causes major problems in a person's life.)

If a person becomes a problem gambler earlier in life, they have a higher risk of suicide for the rest of their life. Gambling-related suicide attempts are usually made by older people with gambling problems. Substance use and mental disorders increase the risk of suicide even more in people with problem gambling.

There is a link between suicidality and medical conditions, including chronic pain, mild brain injury, (MBI) or traumatic brain injury (TBI). People with these conditions had a higher rate of suicide that was not caused by depression or alcohol abuse. People with more than one medical condition had an even higher risk of suicide.

Problems with sleeping, such as insomnia and sleep apnea, may be risk factors for depression and suicide. In some people, the sleep problem itself, not depression, may be what increases their risk for depression.

People being treated for mood disorders should be checked by a doctor. This should include a physical examination and blood tests. This can ensure the person's mood disorder is not caused by a medical problem. Many medical conditions can cause problems with mood and thinking. Seeing a doctor will also help make sure that it is safe to prescribe medications for the person's mood disorder.

Some mental disorders that are risk factors for suicide may be partly caused by problems in the brain and body.

Even if they have the same risk factors, some people are at a higher risk for suicide than others. This is partly because of genetic inheritance. Genetics causes about 30–50% of the difference in suicide risk among different people. For example, a person whose parent died by suicide is much more likely to try to kill themselves. Epigenetics may also affect suicide risk.
How the media shows news stories of suicide may have a negative effect and trigger the possibility of copycat suicides (this is called the Werther effect). This risk is greater in teenagers and young adults. The opposite of the Werther effect is the Papageno effect. This means that the media can help make suicide less likely if they cover good ways of dealing with stress and difficult things in life.

A person is also more likely to die by suicide if:


Protective factors make it less likely that a person will die by suicide. They help "protect" a person from the risk of suicide. They can also help protect a suicidal person from the effects of suicidal thinking.

Protective factors can be "internal", such as a person's personal strengths and beliefs. For example:
Protective factors can also be "external," such as a person's relationships and life situation. These factors can include:
Protective factors are as important to identify as risk factors. Just as risk factors can be reduced, protective factors can be increased. 

Suicide prevention tries to decrease the number of suicides by using protective measures. Some prevention strategies make it harder for people to get the most common things used to commit suicide. This includes taking away guns, poisons, and drugs.

Studies have shown that good treatment of depression, alcohol abuse, and drug abuse can decrease the number of suicides. So does follow-up contact with those who have made a suicide attempt.

In many countries, people at high risk of hurting themselves can check themselves into a hospital emergency department. In some countries or states, a doctor, judge, or police officer can force a person to go to the hospital if they seem suicidal, even if the person does not want to go. The person will be watched closely at the hospital to make sure they do not hurt themselves. A doctor or mental health professional will decide whether the person needs to go to a psychiatric hospital.

"SOS Signs of Suicide" is a suicide prevention program used in secondary schools for students between 13 and 17 years old. The program educates students about suicide and tests them for suicide risk. Students who have done this program make fewer suicide attempts than students who have not done the program.

Suicide hotlines, and crisis intervention centers help students at high risk. They help people who have suicidal thoughts.

A suicide risk assessment looks at how likely a person is to attempt suicide. A good assessment can help prevent suicide. It is also the first step in coming up with a treatment plan. Even though suicide risk assessments are very important, they are usually not done. Many mental health care workers have little or no training in how to do a suicide risk assessment.

Worldwide, suicide rates have increased by 60% in the past 45 years, mainly in the developing countries. As of 2006:
According to 2007 information, suicides happen twice as often as homicides in the United States. Suicide is the 11th leading cause of death in the country, ahead of liver disease and Parkinson's disease.

Suicide rates vary a great deal across the world. Lithuania has the highest suicide rate.

30% of deaths by suicide are by people who are intoxicated.(

In the United States, suicide has been increasing for African American teens. Native Americans and whites have the highest rate of suicide in the United States. More blacks than whites have committed suicide during the COVID-19 pandemic. White men are most likely to commit suicide. White males account for nearly 70% of suicide deaths. Middle-aged white men have the highest suicide rate.

The most common ways of death by suicide are not the same in every country. In different areas, they include hanging, pesticide poisoning, and firearms.

A 2008 report compared 56 countries using information from the World Health Organization. It found that:

Other people in the world die by suicide by:

Sometimes, suicidal people do something that will make another person kill them. For example, a suicidal person might point a gun at a police officer so the police officer will shoot the person in self-defense. This is commonly called "suicide by cop."

Modern medicine treats suicide as a mental health issue. It is considered a medical emergency when a person starts having many thoughts about killing themselves.

The Abrahamic religions (like Christianity, Judaism, and Islam) think that life is sacred. They believe that when a person kills themselves, they are murdering what God has made. For this reason, many followers of Abrahamic religions think that when a person dies by suicide, they will go to Hell.

The Dharmic and Taoist religions (like Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Shinto) believe that someone who does by suicide will be reincarnated in the next life with a less enlightened soul. However, many people of these religions are more likely to commit suicide because they believe there will be the next life. They think that by dying by suicide, they may have a better chance in the next life.

There are several famous examples of suicide attacks in history. The Kamikazes were one example. They were Japanese fighter pilots during World War II, who would try to kill American soldiers by crashing their planes into American ships. By crashing their planes, they would kill themselves as well.

The September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States were also done by suicide attackers. They flew planes into the World Trade Center buildings and the Pentagon.

Learn more about suicide and how to get help for yourself or others






Balkans

The Balkans is a peninsula, or group of countries in Southeast Europe. The region has a combined area of 550,000 km² and an approximate population of 55 million people. The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains, which run through the centre of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia and then continue to Slovenia as the Dinaric Alps.

Written by Luke Parks 

Balkans comes from the Turkish language meaning “chain of wooded mountains” or 'swampy forest'.

The Balkans are bordered by water on three sides: the Black Sea to the east and branches of the Mediterranean Sea to the south and west (including the Adriatic, Ionian, Aegean and Marmara seas). The Balkan Peninsula is bordered on the north by the Danube, Sava, and Krča rivers.

Shortly before the Middle Ages in the 5th and 6th centuries AD, the Balkans were invaded by the Romans. The Romans were said not to be like other conquerors. They were said to be very powerful and robust. They won and spread the Roman culture through the Balkan peninsula. The Balkan peninsula was completely under Roman control by 100 AD.

Countries in the Balkan region are:


Other countries that are not in the Balkan region but that are close to it and/or play or have played an important role in the region's politics, culture and history:



The region's principal nationalities include:

The most common religions in the Balkans are Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Christianity and Sunni Islam. Many different specific kinds of each faith are practiced, with each of the Eastern Orthodox countries having its own national church with its own patriarch.
Eastern Orthodoxy is the principal religion in the following countries:

Roman Catholicism is the principal religion in the following countries:

Islam is the principal religion in the following countries:

Bosnia and Herzegovina is a special case - 50% are Muslim Bosniaks, 31% are Serbian Orthodox, and 15% are Catholic Croats (therefore 46% are Christian). The remaining 4% adhere to other denominations of Christianity, other religions, or are irreligious. In Bulgaria, Dobruja in Romania, North Macedonia and West Thrace in Greece, a high Muslim Minority of different Ethinicity like Turks, Tatars, Torbesh, Pomak and Xoraxane Roma live there.

For more detailed information and a precise ethnic breakdown see articles about particular states:

However from the 1990s onwards, in part due to the negative historical and political connotations of the term "Balkans", especially since the wars and massacres of the 1990s in Yugoslavia in the western half of the region, the term Southeast Europe is becoming increasingly popular.


Bicentennial

A bicentennial is the two hundredth year of something. In the United States, bicentennial is commonly is used to refer to the year 1976. This is because 1976 is two hundred years after the country was started in 1776. In Australia it commonly means one of two bicentennials. The first, in 1970, was the two hundredth anniversary of James Cook finding Australia. The second, in 1988 was the two hundredth anniversary of the first white settlement on the continent.

Shropshire

Shropshire, sometimes known as Salop and sometimes shortened to Shrops in print, is a ceremonial county of England. It has no cities and only a few large towns - Shrewsbury, Telford, Ludlow and Oswestry. It is a very rural county with many hills, forests, farms and rivers within its borders.

The county borders Cheshire to the north, Staffordshire to the east, Worcestershire to the south-east, Herefordshire to the south and Powys and Wrexham County Borough, counties of Wales, to the west.

The county's county town is Shrewsbury, the birthplace of evolutionist Charles Darwin, however its largest town is Telford. Telford is known for its tourist attraction, Ironbridge Gorge. Ironbridge Gorge is the world's first iron structure. Shrewsbury is also the location of the Ditherington Flax Mill, also known as the Flaxmill Maltings, the world's the first iron-framed building. It is seen as the world's first skyscraper, described as ""the grandfather of skyscrapers"".

Places of interest in Shropshire include:



Kermit the Frog

Kermit the Frog is a Muppet created by Jim Henson. Kermit was Henson's trademark muppet character. He was originally performed by Henson himself. After Henson's death, Kermit was played by Steve Whitmire. In 2017, Whitmire stopped working with the Muppets. Matt Vogel replaced him and is the current person who plays Kermit until 2022.

Kermit has appeared on many TV shows including "Sesame Street", "The Muppet Show", Sam and Friends, The Ed Sullivan Show, and "Muppet Babies". Kermit has also appeared in several films and has been a guest speaker.

Cotton

Cotton is a soft, natural fiber that grows with the seeds of the cotton plant. (Fiber is long and thin, like hair.) After the cotton fiber is gathered from the plant, it can be spun into cotton thread. The cotton thread can then be made into cloth. The cloth can be used to make clothes for people and many other things. People often wear cotton clothing, especially in hot weather. Bandages are usually cotton.

There are different types of cotton plants. Some cotton plants grow wild in tropical and subtropical areas of the world. This is how cotton was discovered many years ago. Most of the cotton gathered to make cloth comes from crops grown on cotton plantations. Cotton is farmed in Africa, Asia, Europe, Australia, and the Americas. Cotton soaks up to 24-27 of its own weight in water (very absorbent). All parts of cotton plants are useful.

Cotton is in the mallow family and produces delicate, lovely flowers. Other members of the mallow family include hollyhocks and hibiscus, used to brighten gardens all over the world. The cotton fiber forms around the seeds of the cotton plant. It helps carry the seeds long distances on the wind so the baby plant can grow up far away. Early humans realized that the soft, fluffy fibers might be suitable for textile use and began to breed the plant, selecting for fluffy, easily spun varieties.

Cotton is one of the oldest fibers under human cultivation, with traces of cotton over 7,000 years old recovered from archaeological sites. Cotton is also one of the most used natural fibers in existence today, with consumers everywhere wearing and using cotton for various purposes. The word "cotton" comes from the Arabic word "qutn".Millions of acres globally are devoted to the production of cotton, whether it be new world cotton, with longer, smoother fibers, or the shorter and coarser old world varieties.
After harvesting, cotton must be combed to remove the seeds. This was a laborious process until the industrial revolution and invention of the cotton gin, which quickly separates the seeds from the fiber and combs them for spinning. While a single cotton fiber is not terribly strong, when multiple curling fibers are straightened and twisted together, they form a strong, smooth thread that can be knitted or woven, as well as dyed.


Windows 1.0

Windows 1.0 is a graphical personal computer operating environment developed by Microsoft. Microsoft had worked with Apple Computer to develop applications for Apple's January 1984 original Macintosh, the first mass-produced personal computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) that enabled users to see user friendly icons on screen. Windows 1.0 was released on November 20, 1985, as the first version of the Microsoft Windows line. It runs as a graphical, 16-bit multi-tasking shell on top of an existing MS-DOS installation. It provides an environment which can run graphical programs designed for Windows, as well as existing MS-DOS software. Its development was spearheaded by the company founder Bill Gates after he saw a demonstration of a similar software suite known as Visi On at COMDEX.

Despite positive responses to its early presentations and support from a number of hardware and software makers, Windows 1.0 was received poorly by critics. Critics felt Windows 1.0 did not meet their expectations. In particular, they felt that Windows 1.0 put too much emphasis on mouse input at a time when mouse use was not yet widespread; not providing enough resources for new users; and for performance issues, especially on systems with lower computer hardware specifications. Despite these criticisms, Windows 1.0 was an important milestone for Microsoft, as it introduced the Microsoft Windows line. Windows 1.0 was declared obsolete and Microsoft stopped providing support and updates for the system on December 31, 2001.

Microsoft began developing a graphical user interface (GUI) in 1981. The development of Windows began after Microsoft founder Bill Gates saw a demonstration at COMDEX 1982 of VisiCorp's Visi On, a GUI software suite for IBM PC compatible computers. In 1983 Microsoft learned that Apple's own GUI software—based in part on Xerox PARC technology–was much more sophisticated, and decided that its own product would be different.

Microsoft first presented Windows to the public on November 10, 1983. Requiring two floppy disk drives and 192 KB of RAM, Microsoft described the software as a device driver for MS-DOS 2.0. By supporting cooperative multitasking in tiled windows when using well-behaved applications that only used DOS system calls, and permitting non-well-behaved applications to run in a full screen, Windows differed from both Visi On and Apple Computer's Lisa by immediately offering many applications. Unlike Visi On, Windows developers did not need to use Unix to develop IBM PC applications; Microsoft planned to encourage other companies, including competitors, to develop programs for Windows by not requiring a Microsoft user interface in their applications.

Many manufacturers of MS-DOS computers such as Compaq, Zenith, and DEC promised to provide support, as did software companies such as Ashton-Tate and Lotus. After previewing Windows, "BYTE" magazine stated in December 1983 that it "seems to offer remarkable openness, reconfigurability, and transportability as well as modest hardware requirements and pricing … Barring a surprise product introduction from another company, Microsoft Windows will be the first large-scale test of the desktop metaphor in the hands of its intended users".

From early in Windows' history Gates viewed it as Microsoft's future. He told "InfoWorld" magazine in April 1984 that "Our strategies and energies as a company are totally committed to Windows, in the same way that we're committed to operating-system kernels like MS-DOS and Xenix. We're also saying that only applications that take advantage of Windows will be competitive in the long run." IBM was notably absent from Microsoft's announcement, and by late 1984, the press reported a "War of the Windows" between Windows, IBM's TopView, and Digital Research's Graphics Environment Manager (GEM). Microsoft had promised in November 1983 to ship Windows by April 1984, but subsequently denied that it had announced a release date, and predicted that Windows would ship by June 1985. Deemphasizing multitasking, the company stated that Windows' purpose, unlike that of TopView, was to "turn the computer into a graphics-rich environment" while using less memory. After Microsoft persuaded IBM that the latter needed a GUI, in April 1987 the two companies announced the introduction of OS/2 and its graphical OS/2 Presentation Manager, which were supposed to ultimately replace both MS-DOS and Windows. In November 1987, Windows 1.0 was succeeded by Windows 2.0. Microsoft supported Windows 1.0 for 16 years, until December 31, 2001 – the longest out of all versions of Windows.

Version 1.01, released on November 20, 1985, was the first public release of Windows 1.0.

Version 1.02, released in May 1986, was an international release.

Version 1.03, released in August 1986, included enhancements that made it consistent with the international release like drivers for European keyboards and additional screen and printer drivers.

Version 1.04, released in April 1987, added support for the new IBM PS/2 computers, although no support for PS/2 mice or new VGA graphics modes was provided.



Hewlett-Packard

Hewlett Packard (HP) is a computer technology company. It was created in 1939 by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard, in a garage in California. It is based in Palo Alto, California. They are best known for making computers and computer hardware such as inkjet printers, laser printers, all-in-one printers, scanners and digital cameras.

In 2002, HP bought Compaq and re-branded together as one company that is stylized as "hp". The letters in the latest logo are lower case. 


Eminem

Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17, 1972), known professionally as Eminem, is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, and actor. He became popular in 1999 with the release of the album "The Slim Shady LP", which won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album that year. His next work, "The Marshall Mathers LP", became the best-selling solo album in U.S. history. This made him known around the world. He helped publicize his record label, Shady Records, and the group D12.

"The Marshall Mathers LP" and his fourth album, "The Eminem Show", also won the Grammy Awards. This made him the first artist to win the Best Rap Album of the Year award three times in a row. In 2003, he won an Oscar for Best Original Song with "Lose Yourself." That song was featured in a movie called "8 Mile". "Lose Yourself" would become the single that for the longest time occupied the top spot of the hip hop charts. In 2004, rumors about the end of his career were announced after the release of "Encore." Those rumors were ended with the release of his album "Relapse" on May 19, 2009. According to Nielsen SoundScan, Eminem was the best selling artist of the 2000s in the United States and was the 30th best selling artist of all time in 2010, according to the ranking of the RIAA, with estimated sales of 220 million records worldwide. In 2010, he released "Recovery". "Recovery" was the best-selling album worldwide of 2010.

Eminem was voted #79 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list. He was ranked 82nd by Rolling Stone magazine. Including work with D12, Eminem has nine albums at the top of the Billboard Top 200, seven solo (6 studio, 1 compilation) and two with D12. He has 13 singles in the top position worldwide. He was recognized by the "Billboard" as the Artist of the Decade (2000-2009). Eminem has also sold more than 17 million downloads of his songs in the United States alone. In 2009, Eminem was elected the best rapper of all time by popular vote by Vibe magazine, beating Tupac Shakur in the finals.

Marshall Bruce Mathers III was born on October 17, 1972 in St. Joseph, Missouri. He is the only son of Deborah Nelson Mathers-Briggs and Marshall Bruce Mathers Jr. His ancestry is diverse, including Scottish, Welsh, English, Cherokee, German, Swiss, Polish, and possibly Luxembourgish ancestors. His father left his family when he was a year and a half old, and Marshall was raised only by his mother in poverty. At age twelve, he and his mother Deborah had moved several times and lived in several towns and cities in Missouri (including Saint Joseph, Savannah, and Kansas City) before settling in Warren, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. Eminem had a very troubled and unstable childhood. He frequently had his house robbed, attempted to commit suicide multiple times, and had a hard relationship with his mother. He was frequently bullied at school for his short height. When he was 9, he was beaten to the point of unconciousness and was hospitalized with a cerebral hemorrhage.

After getting a copy of the album "Licensed to Ill", from the Beastie Boys group as a teenager, Marshall became interested in hip-hop. He began to make raps at the age of 14 under the pseudonym "M&M". Shortly after that, he joined the Bassmint Productions group, which released an EP titled "Steppin' onto the Scene". After the release of the EP, Bassmint productions changed its same to "Soul intent". The group released Eminem's first single, called "Fuckin' Backstabber", in 1995 under the independent record label Mashin' Duck Records. Despite being a student at Lincoln High School in Warren, Eminem would sneak out and often participated in freestyle rap battles at Osborn High School in eastern Detroit. Even though most of the hip-hop members in his state were African-Americans, Marshall ended up being well accepted by the underground hip-hop public. After repeating the ninth grade three times for truancy and low grades, he dropped out of school at age 17. Although he dropped out of school, he eventually got his GED. In 1991, his uncle, Ronnie Polkingharn, committed suicide. Mathers was very close to him and was shocked by this fact. He has a tattoo remembering him on his left arm that says "Ronnie RIP".

One of Mathers' early mentors was the local rapper Champtown, who gave Mathers his first time in a studio. Mathers also starred in his first song in Champtown's "Do-Da-Dipity" in 1992. Mathers and Champtown later had relationship problems and their friendship ended in 1995. Champtown said Eminem falsely accused him of trying to get with his wife at the time, Kim. Before he began rapping, Mathers also had a few minimum wage jobs. Some of these were at a restaurant called Gilbert's Lodge and at Little Caesars.

Mathers was first signed to FBT Productions in 1992, run by brothers Jeff and Mark Bass. In 1996, his debut album "Infinite", which was recorded at Bassmint, a recording studio owned by the Bass Brothers, was released on the independent company Web Entertainment. Eminem recalls "Obviously, I was young and influenced by other artists, and I remember several comments saying that I looked like Nas and AZ. "Infinite" served me to try to figure out what my rap style was, how my voice would sound on the mic and live. It was a growth phase. I felt ' infinite ' as a demo album that ended up being pressed to become studio." Subjects covered in "Infinite" included his problems in raising his newborn daughter, Hailie Jade Mathers, in a decent way while he had little money. Early in his career, Eminem formed a hip hop duo with another Detroit rapper, Royce da 5'9", called Bad Meets Evil. After the release of Infinite, Eminem's personal problems and abuse of drugs and alcohol were too much and he attempted suicide.

Jimmy Iovine, co-founder of Interscope Records, asked for a demo from Eminem after he finished second in the 1997 Rap Olympics. Eminem had also won "Wake Up show's Freestyle Performer of The Year", which helped him to land a recording contract. Iovine played the demo for hip hop producer Dr. Dre, the owner of Aftermath Entertainment. The two began recording songs for Eminem's "The Slim Shady LP" and Eminem had a cameo appearance on the album "Devil Without a Cause" by Kid Rock. Hip-Hop magazine "The Source" had Eminem in its "Unsigned Hype" article in March 1998.

Eminem signed with Interscope Records and Aftermath Entertainment in 1998. He released his major-label debut album, "The Slim Shady LP", a year later in February 1999. "Billboard" praised the album as "light years ahead of the material he had written before". It went on to be one of the most popular albums of 1999, and went 3x platinum in the United States before the end of the year. The album's popularity also brought controversy around the lyrics. In '97 Bonnie and Clyde" he describes a trip with his newborn daughter, Hailie, when he discards his wife's body, and in another song called "Guilty Conscience", it ends with persuading a man to kill his wife and his lover. "Guilty Conscience" marked the beginning of the friendship and musical bond between Dr. Dre and Eminem. The two would later collaborate on a lot of hit songs, including "Forgot About Dre" and "What's the Difference" from Dr. Dre's album "2001", "Bitch Please II" from "The Marshall Mathers LP", "Say What You Say" from "The Eminem Show", "Old Time's Sake" and "Crack a Bottle" from "Relapse" and "I Need a Doctor" and "Die Hard" from Dr. Dre's "Detox". Dr. Dre would have at least one guest appearance on all of Eminem's studio albums for Aftermath Entertainment. The album has now been certified 5x platinum in the US. With this release, Eminem was accused of imitating the style and word choice of underground rapper Cage.

"The Marshall Mathers LP" was released in May 2000. The album sold more than 1.78 million copies in the US in its first week, breaking both the record for the best-selling hip hop album, held by Snoop Dogg's "Doggystyle", and the best-selling album in its first week in the U.S., held by Britney Spears' "...Baby One More Time". The first single from the album, "The Real Slim Shady", was a huge success, although it created a lot of controversy by insulting celebrities and making negative claims about them. Among other things, he claims that Christina Aguilera had oral sex with Fred Durst and Carson Daly. On the album's second single, "The Way I Am", he tells his fans about the pressure his record company puts on him to surpass the sale of "My Name Is". Although Eminem parodies rock musician Marilyn Manson in the song, the artists are openly friends. Manson starred in the music video for "The Way I Am" and he was also part of a remix of the song for a concert with Eminem. On the album's third and most successful single, "Stan", he samples Dido's song "Thank You". In the song, Eminem plays the personality of a psychopathic fan who ends up killing himself and his pregnant girlfriend, similar to the song "'97 Bonnie & Clyde" from "The Slim Shady LP". In the music video of "Stan", Eminem is shown writing with his left hand. This ended a debate between fans about his dominant hand. "Q Magazine" awarded Stan the third best selling rap song ever, while Top40-Charts.com placed the song to be the tenth best-selling rap song. The song has since been praised and the "Rolling Stone Magazine" ranked the song as #290 in their 500 Best Songs of All Time. In July 2000, Eminem became the first white person to come to the front page of "The Source Magazine". The album has received 10x platinum status from the RIAA.

Eminem appeared alongside Elton John at the 43rd Grammy Awards in Los Angeles in 2001. The Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), an organization that thought Eminem's lyrics were homophobic, didn't like the openly gay John's decision to perform with Eminem. "Entertainment Weekly" said "It was the hug heard around the world. Eminem, under accusations of homophobic lyrics, shared the stage with a homo icon for a performance of Stan that would have been unforgettable in any context." On February 21, the day of the ceremony, GLAAD held a protest outside the Staples Center, the site where it took place. He was also in the Up In The Smoke Tour with Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Ice Cube and the Family Values Tour with the band Limp Bizkit.

Eminem's third major album, "The Eminem Show", was released in the summer of 2002 and was another big hit. The album peaked at the "Billboard" Hot 100, selling well over a million copies in its first week. The album's first single was the song "Without Me", in which Eminem made depressive comments about Limp Bizkit, Moby and Lynne Cheney, among others. Other singles from the album include "Cleanin' Out My Closet" and "Sing for the Moment". The album has been certified eight times platinum by the RIAA. The album speaks on topics such as his way to fame, his relationship with his wife and daughter, and his status in the hip-hop community. He also addresses the charge of assaulting a bouncer who kissed his wife in 2000. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic felt that even though anger was present on several of the album's tracks, the album was not as provocative as "The Marshall Mathers LP". L. Brent Bozell III, who criticized "The Marshall Mathers LP" for being too tasteless and incoherent, noted that "The Eminem Show" used obscene language and gave Eminem the nickname "Eminef", for the "clean version" of the word "motherfucker", a word often used on the album. The album sold 10,600,000 copies, making it one of Eminem's two diamond-certified studio albums.

On December 8, 2003, The Media Research Center said that the United States Secret Service admitted that it was "keeping an eye on Eminem" for his allegations and threats with the President of the United States. The lyrics in question are:
The song, "We as Americans" ended up on a bonus CD accompanying the "Encore" album. "Encore" was released in 2004 and became another chart-topping leader, driven by the single "Just Lose It", which disrespects pop singer Michael Jackson. On October 12 of the same year, a week after the release of "Just Lose It", Jackson was invited to a radio show in Los Angeles where he expressed his displeasure with the music video because it parodies the trial for child abuse, plastic surgeries, and the incident in which Michael's hair caught fire during the filming of a Pepsi commercial in 1984. Many of Jackson's supporters and friends commented on the video, including Stevie Wonder, who said that the video "is like kicking someone who is already on the ground" and "is idiocy". Steve Harvey also stated, "Eminem has lost his ghetto pass. We want the pass back". He also said he was not pleased with the way he chose to show the black community. The music video also makes fun of Pee-Wee Herman, MC Hammer and Madonna.

In contrast, the comedian "Weird Al" Yankovic made a protest to Eminem in the song "Couch Potato", in which he parodies the international success of "Lose Yourself" of the movie "8 Mile". Yankovic said: "Last year, Eminem forced me to stop the production of the parody video of "Lose Yourself" because he thought it would be detrimental to his image and his career. So the irony of the situation with Michael is not lost to me." Black Entertainment Television was the first channel to ask to stop displaying the video. However, MTV announced that it would continue to display "Just Lose It." President Raymond "Benzino" Scott of the "Source" magazine, wanted not only the video to be removed, but also the song from the album, and a public apology from Eminem to Jackson, which did not occur. In 2007, Jackson and Sony bought "Famous Music LLC" from Viacom. The acquisition thus gave them rights to the songs from Shakira, Beck and Eminem among others.

Despite the comic issue of the first single, "Encore" had along with him serious subject tracks, such as the song "Mosh". On October 25, 2004, a week before the United States presidential election, Eminem released the music video for "Mosh" on the internet. The song highlights a strong anti-Bush message, with parts like "Fuck Bush" and "This weapon of mass destruction that we call the president." The video shows Eminem gathering an army of people, including rapper Lloyd Banks, presented as victims of the Bush administration and taken to the White House. However, at the moment the weapons break, it is revealed that people are there only to vote, and it ends with the words "Vote Tuesday November 2!" on the screen. After Bush was re-elected, Eminem modified the video, with demonstrators invading while the president was giving a lecture. In 2004 he also launched a satellite music channel, Shade 45, on Sirius XM radio, which was described by his manager as "essentially a destination to get and hear things that other people aren't playing."

In 2005, many musical experts predicted that Eminem was thinking of ending his career after six years. This began in 2005, when a double album was about to be released under the name of "The Funeral". The album was a compilation of greatest hits, and was sold under the name "". The album was released by Aftermath Entertainment in December 2005, and sold almost 441,000 copies in the first week in the U.S. It was Eminem's fourth consecutive album to be number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified as platinum twice by the RIAA.

In July 2005, the "Detroit Free Press" said that this would be the final stage of Eminem's career, and that he would be interested in becoming a producer or executive of a record label. Eminem denied that he would be retiring through the radio "Mojo in the Morning" of Detroit, but stated that he would give a break in his career:

In 2006, Eminem released a new compilation called "", to help the growth of the newly created Shady Records label. Eminem was the subject of the book "100 People Who Are Screwing Up America" by Bernard Goldberg, in which he was ranked in position 58. Goldberg quoted a column of Bob Herbert from "The New York Times", who said, "In the world of Eminem, all women are whores and he is eager to rape them and then murder them". Goldberg also cited the song "No One's Iller" from "The Slim Shady EP" as an example of misogyny. In the summer of 2005, Eminem announced a tour called Anger Management Tour, featuring artists 50 Cent, G-Unit, Lil Jon, D12, Obie Trice and The Alchemist. In August, the European part of the tour was cancelled, as Eminem claimed that he had entered a drug rehab clinic for sleeping pill addiction treatment.

In September 2007, Eminem spoke with 50 Cent at the Hot 97 radio station in New York City about his rumored retirement. He said, "I'm always working. I'm always in the studio. It feels good right now, the energy of the label. For a while, I didn't want to go back to the studio... I went through some personal things. Now I'm coming out of those personal things and it feels good."

Eminem made his first appearance in a year in September 2008 at his radio station, the Shade 45, where he said: "I'm concentrating on my own stuff right now—just bangin' out tracks. The more I keep producing, the better it seems I get. I start knowing stuff, learning the boards like the back of my hands." In an interview with Billboard in December 2008, he revealed that the album would be released in the spring on 2009, be called "Relapse," and most of the tracks would be produced by Dr. Dre.

In a statement on March 5, 2009, Eminem stated that he would release two albums that year. The first single, "We Made You", was released in April. "Relapse" was officially released on May 19, but did not achieve the same success as the previous four albums. Eminem still received positive reviews for his return to hip hop. On November 19, he announced the release of "" on December 21. It was a relaunch of "Relapse" with the addition of seven bonus tracks, including "Forever" and "Taking My Ball".

On April 14, 2010, Eminem said there was no "Relapse 2". He had changed its title to "Recovery." “I had originally planned for Relapse 2 to come out last year, but as I kept recording and working with new producers, the idea of a sequel to Relapse started to make less and less sense to me, and I wanted to make a completely new album. The music on Recovery came out very different from Relapse, and I think it deserves its own title."

"Recovery" was released on June 18, 2010. It sold 741,000 copies during its first week in the US, topping the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album was also at the top of the charts in several other countries. "Recovery" remained atop the "Billboard" 200 chart for five weeks. Its first single, "Not Afraid", was released on April 29, and its music video was released on June 4. "Not Afraid" was followed by "Love the Way You Lie". "Recovery" was the best-selling album worldwide in 2010, with over 3.4 million copies sold.

On May 24, 2012, Eminem announced that he was working on his eighth studio album, for release the following year. During the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, it was announced that the album would be named "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" (following "The Marshall Mathers LP") and was going to be released on November 5. The album was released with 16 tracks. On November 3, Eminem was named the first YouTube Music Awards Artist of the Year. Eminem was the first artist to receive two digital diamond certifications for sales and streams of 10 million and above by the RIAA for "Not Afraid" and "Love the Way You Lie". At the 2015 Grammy Awards, he received Best Rap Album award for "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration (with Rihanna) for "The Monster".

In February 2017, Eminem appeared on "No Favors", a track from Big Sean's album "I Decided". In the song, Eminem calls Donald Trump a "bitch". He also raps about sexual assaulting Ann Coulter, who is a Trump supporter, with a "lamp post", a "bolt cutter", and many other objects.

Since then Eminem has released Revival, Kamikaze and Music to be Murdered By.

Eminem has one daughter named Hailie Jade Scott. She was born on Christmas Day 1995 in Detroit, Michigan from ex-wife Kimberly Anne Scott. Eminem married her in June 1999 and they divorced in March 2001.

Although in 2002, he told "Rolling Stone", "I would rather have a baby through my penis than get married again.", he remarried Kim in January 2006 but divorced just three months later in April.

He was the legal guardian of Alaina, the daughter of Kim's twin sister, and Whitney, Kim's daughter from another relationship. He has rapped about his daughters in many of his songs.

Eminem is also an NFL fan, and supports the Detroit Lions and the Dallas Cowboys.

On June 3, 2000, Eminem was arrested during an argument at a car-audio store in Royal Oak, Michigan. He pulled out an unloaded gun and pointed it at the ground. The next day, in Warren, Michigan, he was arrested again for assaulting John Guerra and hitting him with a gun when he saw him kissing his wife. He was charged with possession of a concealed weapon and assault.

On June 28, 2001, he was sentenced to one year's probation and community service and was fined about $2,000 on weapon charges that came from an argument with a Psychopathic Records employee.

In December 2003, the U.S. Secret Service reported that it was "looking into" accusations that Eminem threatened U.S. President George W. Bush in "We As Americans" when he said these lyrics: "Fuck money, I don't rap for dead presidents. I'd rather see the president dead, it's never been said but I set precedents."

Eminem has spoken publicly about his addiction to prescription drugs, including Vicodin, Ambien, and Valium. In 2001, he said he believed he had been suffering from Tourette's syndrome. He revealed that he was taking up to 60 Valium and 30 Vicodin pills every day, and that doctors told him he was two hours away from dying at one point. In December 2007, Eminem overdosed on methadone. He fell on his bathroom floor while urinating and needed to be hospitalized. Due to this, he couldn't spend Christmas break with his kids. He was sent home a few days later, but was readmitted to the hospital again with a torn meniscus that required surgery. He got surgery and was released. A few days later, he was readmitted to the hospital again, this time with a seizure. Speaking about his addiction, he said, "In seven months I was able to accomplish more than I could accomplish in three or four years of doing drugs." During his heavy drug use period, he revealed that he gained 80 pounds, and was going to McDonald's and Taco Bell every day. He said, "I remember being somewhere and hearing these kids talking. One of them said, 'That’s Eminem,' and the other said, 'No, it’s not, man – Eminem ain’t fat.' I was like, Motherfucker. That’s when I knew I was getting heavy." He also said that Elton John was the person who helped him the most with his recovery and that Elton John called him once a week to check on him.


Bratwurst

Bratwurst is a dish of German origin. It is a type of sausage. It is composed of pork or beef, and sometimes veal. 
"Bratwurst" is a sausage in German cuisines, from Old High German "brätwurst", from "brät" which is a derivative of the Old High German word "brato". "Brato" originally meant "hacked meat", "intestine"s. The other part of the word is "wurst" which means sausage.

Though originally Celtic in origin, the German "Bratwurst" comes from Franconia, specifically Weißenburg-Treuchtlingen. 

There are many different kinds of these sausages. All are special in their own way:
A "Bratwurst meal" often is eaten with sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and roasted onions. Sometimes, it is also served with a potato sauce, or a potato salad.

Today, most kinds of Bratwurst are prepared by roasting them. Depending on the kind of Bratwurst, it may have been cooked beforehand. Sausages that use raw meat, and that are not roasted or cooked before they are eaten are usually not called Bratwurst. 

The sausage is usually eaten with a hot or sweet German mustard or sliced and eaten as Currywurst. Sometimes, some hot French mustard is served as well. Bratwurst is almost always served with a hard German roll and usually accompanied by a beer. It is a popular snack in German-speaking countries, where it is sold at various fast food outlets and is often consumed while standing.

In the United States, bratwurst are usually eaten with bread (a hot dog bun or a hardroll, for example) and topped with mustard and/or many of the other condiments often eaten with hot dogs, including onions (grilled and/or raw), relish, sauerkraut, etc. The bratwurst is occasionally eaten with a pair of brat links nestled in a buttered hardroll with these same toppings, which is called a 'double brat'.

Within the US, bratwurst is strongly identified with Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and other areas in a band stretching from the north side of Chicago up through Minnesota and scattered pockets elsewhere in the Midwest. 

They are especially popular in areas of the US where German-Americans settled in large numbers, like Sheboygan, Wisconsin, which is informally known as the "Bratwurst Capital of the World" because of the city and county's very strong German roots and connections to bratwurst. Johnsonville Foods, the nation's largest bratwurst maker, is based in the nearby unincorporated village of Johnsonville. The city also celebrates Sheboygan Bratwurst Days, a community festival held on the first Thursday-Saturday of August each year that celebrates the bratwurst. Other traditional Wisconsin brat manufacturers include Klement's Sausage Company and Usinger's, both of which are based in Milwaukee.

The city of Madison, Wisconsin, holds an annual festival billed as the World's Largest Brat Fest. The four-day charity event sees tens of thousands of brats sold by "celebrity" cashiers, usually local television, radio, and government personalities. Brat Fest's self-proclaimed world record is 189,432 brats consumed during the 2004 event.

Another town with German-American roots associated with bratwurst is Bucyrus, Ohio, which is known for its unique recipe incorporating fennel. It holds a bratwurst festival annually in mid-August attracting over 100,000 visitors annually. 

Bratwurst(s) is/are often simply called "brat(s)".

1909

1909 (MCMIX) was a common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar. It was the last year of the 1900s.




Guatemala

Guatemala is a country in Central America. Its culture is a mix of both Mayan and Spanish cultures from the colonial period. Guatemala has many languages, a total of 23. Because of its natural beauty, it is a popular tourist destination. Its weather changes often because of the mountain range which crosses the center of the country. 

The capital of Guatemala is Guatemala City. Guatemala is the world's largest producer and exporter of cardamom. Its neighbors are Belize, Mexico, El Salvador and Honduras.

It has the largest population in Central America. More than fourteen million people live in the 22 Guatemalan departments. Most of the population is made up of mestizo (mixed race) people, who are a combination of Native and European people. Mestizo are 40% of the population. Native Mayan people are 49% of the population, while 9% are direct descendants of Spanish and German people. Black people are 2% of the population.

The capital was moved several times because of natural disasters. The first city was destroyed when the volcano Volcan de Agua erupted, forcing the move to what today is called Antigua Guatemala. This city was destroyed by earthquakes. Finally, the capital was moved to Guatemala City.

<br>



Tenochtitlan

Tenochtitlan was the capital city of the Aztec Empire. The Aztecs built Tenochtitlan around 1325, right on a lake called Lake Texcoco.

As the Empire grew, so did Tenochtitlan. By the early 1500s, at least 200,000 people lived in the city. This made Tenochtitlan the largest city in the Americas before Christopher Columbus arrived.

Tenochtitlan was the center of the Aztec government and religion. It was also a very big trading center. When the Spanish arrived in 1519, they guessed that 60,000 people came to the market in Tenochtitlan every day. People bought and sold many things there, including slaves (prisoners of war from states the Aztecs had taken over). The entire city was decorated with art, architecture, and stone sculptures.

The city had a huge pyramid called the Templo Mayor (Great Temple). At the top of the Temple, there were two small rooms. In these rooms, the Aztecs sacrificed people to two of their most important gods: "Huitzilopochtli", the god of war and the sun, and "Tlaloc", the rain god. The Aztecs believed that if they did not feed their gods blood, the gods would wither and die, causing the end of the world as they knew it.

The Aztecs had created canals all across the city. By bringing water to Aztec crops, these canals made it possible for the Aztecs to grow much more food than they normally could have. The Aztecs had also made levees to protect the city from flooding, and reservoirs for fresh water.

The Aztecs also built chinampas (small rectangular crops floating on lake beds) so that they could create more food to feed the thousands of people who lived around Tenochtitlan. In addition, they built waterways and dams so that they could receive fresh water, and block out the salty brackish water.

In 1519, Spanish conquistadores led by Hernan Cortes arrived in Tenochtitlan. Cortes was impressed with the city, but still decided to attack it. The Spanish and their Tlaxcalan allies invaded Tenochtitlan, and the city fell in 1521.

Mexico City was built over the ruins of Tenochtitlan.


Eurovision Song Contest

The Eurovision Song Contest (sometimes shortened to ESC or simply Eurovision) is a song contest run by the European Broadcasting Union. It started in 1956. Each year, different singers representing countries in Europe perform a song and the winner is decided through voting. 

Between 160 million and 200 million people watch every year. This makes it the largest music competition in the world. Eurovision has had many famous winners in the past including ABBA, Céline Dion, Sandie Shaw, Bucks Fizz, Alexander Rybak, Conchita Wurst, Netta Barzilai, Duncan Laurence and Måneskin. Other famous contestants that did not win include Olivia Newton-John, Bonnie Tyler, Blue, Jedward, Engelbert Humperdinck and Rosa Linn.

The Eurovision Song Contest was created by the European Broadcasting Union to experiment live television and broadcasting across multiple countries. The first contest was held in 1956 with the aim of uniting the countries of Europe following World War II. Seven countries took part in the first contest, which was hosted in Lugano. It was won by Lys Assia, who was representing Switzerland.

More countries began to join very quickly. In the 1970s, countries from outside Europe began to participate (such as Israel). Morocco also participated once (and is the only African country to do so). The early 1990s saw the fall of both the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, with both split into multiple countries (all in Eastern Europe). All of these new countries wanted to join so the 1993 contest had a separate contest held beforehand between seven new Eastern European countries. The three winners of the contest would participate in the actual Eurovision Contest.

The 1994 contest introduced a relegation system. This meant that each year, the countries that ranked lowest would not be allowed to participate the following year in order to allow other countries to enter. Eurovision 1999 introduced a new rule where the United Kingdom, Spain, France and Germany (this group was called the "Big Four") were given the right to participate in every contest, even if they ranked at the bottom. 

The relegation system was used until the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, which introduced a semi-final. The Big 4 and the ten highest-scoring acts of the previous contest would automatically qualify to the final while the rest would have to participate in a semi-final (the ten winners of the semi-final would join the others in the final).

In 2008, a second semi-final was introduced. Now, the ten highest-ranking countries from each semi-final join the host country and the Big Four in the Grand Final. The Big Four expanded to the "Big Five" when Italy re-joined the contest.

Each year, every country taking part will send in one song which is performed by up to six singers. Each song is performed in a large arena in front of an audience of fans. The winner is decided through a complicated system of voting. 

In the first few years of the contest, a small group of countries competed against each other in one show. As more countries wanted to join, it was eventually decided that there would be two semi-finals, where the ten highest-ranked countries from each semi-final would go into the final. The United Kingdom, France, Spain, Germany and Italy automatically qualify for the final because they give a lot of money to the contest. In addition to this, the host country also automatically makes it to the final. This makes an average of 26 finalists (25 if the host country is a member of the Big Five).

Until the late 1990s, the winner was decided by experts from each country, called a jury. The juries awarded points to their favourite songs. The way that the points were awarded changed many times over the years until 1975, where it was decided that each jury awarded 12, 10 and 8—1 points to ten songs (with their favourite getting 12 points, second getting 10 and third to tenth getting 8—1 points). 

In the late 1990s, televoting was introduced for some countries while others used juries. From 1998 to 2008, only televoting was used with the same system which had been used since 1975. 

In 2009 was decided that the juries would come back because countries kept voting for their neighbours. From 2009 to 2015, the rankings of each country's jury vote and public vote were added together and the top ten songs were awarded with 12, 10 and 8—1 points.

In 2016, a new system was introduced where each country's jury and public awarded separate points to their top ten favourite songs. This meant that countries started scoring far higher than before.

In 2023, the "Rest of the World" vote was introduced for the public vote, which allowed viewers from other countries to vote. This gave the public 50.6% say in the voting while the juries now have 49.4%.

According to the Eurovision rules, the winner of each contest will host the next year's contest. This rule has been applied most of the time, with a notable exception being the 2023 contest, which was hosted in the United Kingdom because the previous year's winner, Ukraine, was unable to host.

Each year, the contest is hosted by a number of presenters. Usually, these are celebrities from the hosting country or can also be past winners and contestants. 

The presenters will usually speak in English or the language of the host country. In addition to the presenters, each participating country has a "commentator" who narrates the event for the viewers in their language.

In order for a country to participate, it must be a part of the European Broadcasting Union. This includes all of Europe, some Asian and African countries as well as Australia. Each country has a television channel (called broadcasters) which broadcasts the Contest in that country. The only European countries which have never participated are Liechtenstein and the Vatican. The only African country to have ever participated was Morocco.

There are three main types of selections which choose who will represent what country:


The Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This is the first time the contest was cancelled. It was replaced by a replacement show called "". It showed the selected entries in place of the Grand Final on 16 May 2020. The BBC also organised , where ABBA's "Waterloo" was voted best Eurovision song. That same year, a film named was released starring Will Ferrell and Rachel McAdams.

Starting in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, each contest was given a different theme and slogan. This stopped when it was announced that the same slogan would be used every year starting from the Eurovision Song Contest 2024.
The first Contest was won by Swiss singer Lys Assia with the song "Refrain". The first man to win (André Claveau) won the third Contest. ABBA was the first group to win. The first person to win the Contest twice was Johnny Logan. The first woman to win twice was Loreen, whose second win is the most recent victory.
There are some other versions of Eurovision including:




Malleability

Malleability is a substance's ability to deform under pressure (compressive stress). If malleable, a material may be flattened into thin sheets by hammering or rolling. Malleable materials can be flattened into metal leaf. One well-known type of metal leaf is gold leaf. Many metals with high malleability also have high ductility. Some do not; for example lead has low ductility but high malleability.

Malleability is a physical property of matter, usually metals. The property usually applies to the family groups 1 to 12 on the modern periodic table of elements. It is the ability of a solid to bend or be hammered into other shapes without breaking. Examples of malleable metals are gold, iron, aluminum, copper, silver, and lead.

Gold and silver are highly malleable. When a piece of hot iron is hammered it takes the shape of a sheet. The property is not seen in non-metals. Non-malleable metals may break apart when struck by a hammer. Malleable metals usually bend and twist in various shapes.

Zinc is malleable at temperatures between 100 and 200 °C but is brittle at other temperatures.

There are two ways to measure it. The first is to measure the pressure or compressive stress that a material withstands before it breaks. The other test involves measuring the thickness of a metal sheet before it breaks.


Gay

Gay is a word used to describe someone who is homosexual. Today, the word usually means a person who is sexually attracted to people of the same sex. Often that person is also romantically interested in people of the same sex. A gay person can be a male who likes other males or a female who likes other females. 

A person that is attracted to people only of the opposite sex is heterosexual. While a person attracted to people of the same sex and the opposite sex is bisexual.

The word "gay" can mean any homosexual person, but sometimes it is used just for homosexual men. In that case, homosexual women are called "lesbian" instead. Sometimes, people use the word "queer" to mean the same thing as "gay" when talking about sexuality. 

In the early 20th century and before, "gay" used to mean 'happy' or 'carefree', but now people use it to define sexuality.



Potsdam

Potsdam (Low Sorbian: "Podstupim") is a small German city which is right next to Berlin. In fact it touches the border of Berlin, and is about 26 km southwest of Berlin's centre. It is the capital of the state of Brandenburg. Potsdam has a small population: about 176,000 people lived in this city in 2017. 

On the other hand, it is the largest World Heritage site in Germany. Potsdam was a residence of the Prussian kings and the German Kaiser until 1918. It was planned in the Age of Enlightenment with a careful balance of architecture and landscape. Potsdam was intended as "a picturesque, pastoral dream" which would remind its people of their relationship with nature and reason. 

Around the city there are a series of lakes and cultural landmarks. The parks and palaces of Sanssouci are the centre of the World Heritage Site. The Soviet Union did not return many of the Potsdam art treasures, and they remain to this day in Russia. The library of Frederick the Great was returned, but only 36 oil paintings.

The Potsdam Conference in 1945 was held at the palace Cecilienhof.

Bremen

Bremen is a city in north Germany. It is the capital of the State of Bremen.

About 545,000 live in Bremen. It has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

The city's official name today includes the name "Hansestadt" (hanseatic city) in memory of its history, where it has been important part in the hanseatic league. The architecture of the city and the region as well is influenced by this historic period.

Other hanseatic cities today are: Hamburg, Rostock, Wismar, Stralsund, Lübeck, Greifswald and Demmin.

Wiesbaden

Wiesbaden (; Hessian: "Wisbade", Latin: "Aquae Mattiacae") is a German city near Frankfurt am Main. It is the capital of the federal state of Hesse. Wiesbaden is on the right (north) bank of the Rhine (German: "Rhein"), near the city of Mainz (about away from Wiesbaden centre) the opposite side of the river, and a short distance, about , from Frankfurt am Main, to the east. About 274,000 people live in the city (2005).

Wiesbaden has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification). 

Wiesbaden is the capital of the state Hesse, which is located in middle of Germany. 

Hanover

Hanover () is a German city. It is the capital of the federal state of Lower Saxony. Hanover has 535,932 inhabitants (31 December 2021).

In Hanover there are some big industry companies like Volkswagen (Cars and Vans), Continental (tyres), Varta (batteries) and TUI (tourism).

Hanover has a very modern zoo and an international airport.

There are some very big fairs in Hanover like the CeBIT - "Ce"ntre of "O"ffice, "I"nformation and "T"elecommunication (B is for Büro that means office) and the traditional Hanover fair that shows classical industrial products.

In the year 2000 the Expo-2000 was in Hanover.

Hanover has a large forest near the inner city, it is called the "Eilenriede". There is also a lake (the "Maschsee") of about three km length and 500 m width near the city centre. The famous gardens of Herrenhausen (Herrenhäuser Gärten) are also in Hanover. The gardens were heavily destroyed in WWII, but they are currently under reconstruction.

People in Hanover get around town by using the Hannover Hauptbahnhof, which has been around since 1843.

The mayor of the city is Belit Onay. He is a member of the party Alliance 90/The Greens. The city has been administered by social democratic city councils since the 1950s.

The (new) town hall is one of the famous buildings in the city, others are the Marktkirche (market church), the old (medieval) town hall, some castles like the "Leineschloss" and the "Welfenschloss".

Hanover is located at the river Leine.

Some internationally famous inhabitants of the town are:

The classic rock band "Scorpions", the former German chancellor Gerhard Schröder and the association football player Per Mertesacker.

Key employers in the region are Volkswagen, Continental, Talanx, Hannover Re, Nord LB and VHV.


Hanover has an Oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification).

Hanover has a famous football club, Hannover 96, since 2002 (again) a member of the first German football league, the Bundesliga. Its home stadium is the AWD-Arena (capacity: 49000). Hanover is also a center for ice hockey.

Düsseldorf

Düsseldorf (, , ; Low Franconian and Ripuarian: "Düsseldörp" ; archaic , Latin: "Dusseldorpium") is a German city. It is on the east bank of the river Rhine. It is the capital of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Düsseldorf has about 600,000 inhabitants. About 1.3 million people live in the city and surrounding areas. The city has one international airport, a university, and the headquarters of many international companies.

In the 7th or 8th century there was a fishing or farming settlement at the place where the little river Dussel (which gave the name to the city) flows into the Rhine. Kaiserswerth is the first part of the city to be mentioned in writing. This was in 1135. Kaiserswerth became part of Düsseldorf in 1927.

In 1186 the Counts of Berg got to rule Düsseldorf and they made it their residence in 1280.
On 14th of August 1288 there was a great battle between the Archbishop of Cologne and the Duke of Limburg against the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Berg. The Duke of Brabant won and the Archbishop of Cologne became a prisoner of the Count of Berg. So he could not do anything against Düsseldorf getting the status of a city. So Düsseldorf became a city with full City Rights in 1288.

The Counts of Berg became more and more powerful and Düsseldorf became the capital of the Duchy of Berg-Mark-Kleve-Jülich in 1380.
in 1680 the Dukes of Berg-Kleve-Mark-Jülich died out and after some struggles the Earls of Palatine (they were Prince-Electors) became the new rulers of Düsseldorf. The most important duke of this line was Johann Wilhelm II. (1690-1716), called Jan Wellem. After Johann Wilhelm the Dukes moved to their new seat in Heidelberg, because they also got to rule the Duchy of Bavaria.

In the Napoleonic Wars the French won the Duchy and Düsseldorf. Napoleon gave the Duchy of Berg-Jülich to one of his generals, who married one of his nieces. This general became later King of Naples.

In the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century Düsseldorf grew a lot and had more than 100,000 inhabitants in 1882. This number had doubled by 1892.

Düsseldorf was almost completely destroyed in World War II. In 1946 Düsseldorf became capital of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Düsseldorf is one of the most important commercial centres in Germany. It has an International Airport, which is the 3rd largest in Germany (after Frankfurt and Munich) with more than 16,000,000 passengers per year. The airport offers 180 destinations on 4 continents, and is served by 70 airlines.

Düsseldorf has two stations in the German high speed train network (Intercity, ICE) - its Central Station and the Airport Station. The Main Station offers international trains to the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Switzerland, too.

North Rhine-Westphalia has the closest network of motorways in Europe. Düsseldorf is one of the crosspoints. Düsseldorf is joined to the interstate motorways A3, A44, A46, A52, A57, A59 and A524.

Düsseldorf is one of the most important economical centres in Germany. It has a regional stock exchange.
More than 170 national financial institutions and 130 insurances work in Düsseldorf.
Two of the four leading mobile phone companies of Germany have their seat in Düsseldorf like 18 internet providers and more than 400 advertising agencies. Düsseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows.
The TV channels CNN and NBC Giga have their German centres in Düsseldorf.
There is a lot of manufacturing industry too – like the chemical company Henkel.
Düsseldorf is the most important seat for Japanese companies in Europe.

Düsseldorf is one of the cultural centres in Germany. The poet Heinrich Heine was born in Düsseldorf in 1797. The classical musicians and composers Clara and Robert Schumann lived most of their lifetime in Düsseldorf and the romantic composer Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy spent two years in the town in the mid-1830s.
The Arts Academy of Düsseldorf is very famous. The modern artist Paul Klee and the modern sculptor Joseph Beuys worked there.

Düsseldorf has a lot of museums, especially for Arts of the 20th and the 21st century. Most important is the Arts Collection of North Rhine-Westphalia. "Kraftwerk", the first techno band worldwide and the punk rock band Die Toten Hosen come from Düsseldorf, too.
Düsseldorf has a university, the Heinrich-Heine-University with nearly all subjects in mathematics, sciences, philosophy, history, languages, economy, law, and medicine. Düsseldorf has also a university of applied sciences, the Fachhochschule Düsseldorf. These two institutes have almost 30.000 students.
The Clara und Robert Schumann Musikschule is a well-known college for classical music education. There is one technical college and a lot of other colleges, too.
Düsseldorf has an opera, more than 30 cinemas, a well-known theatre, and a rich cultural scene.

The traditional sport in Germany is football (soccer). For a long time Fortuna Düsseldorf 1895, the most traditional football team in Düsseldorf (est. 1895), was very successful and won, for example, the European Cup, after one year back in the Bundesliga Fortuna went down to the German 2nd division in 2013.
Most successful sports team in Düsseldorf is the icehockey team of the DEG Metro Stars, former DEG - Düsseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft, the most successful icehockey team in Germany for a long time with famous players like John-Peter Lee, Chris Valentine or Helmut de Raaf.
Another very successful sports team from Düsseldorf was Rhine Fire, the American footballers of the city, who won the World Ball four times until the European Football League, called NFL Europa was closed down in 2007.

Düsseldorf has one university, the Heinrich-Heine-University with subjects in sciences, arts, medicine, languages, history, laws, social sciences and economics, an colllege with subjects in engineering and social siences, the Fachhochschule Düsseldorf, an well-known academy of fine arts, the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, a musics college, the Robert-Schumann-Musikhochschule and a lot of other colleges in applied fields.



Mainz

Mainz ( or "Meenz", () is a German city. It is the capital of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.

Mainz is on the left side of the river Rhine, on the right side is the city Wiesbaden. Mainz has about 203,000 people. Its main economic product is wine. It has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Mainz has some universities:



Kiel

Kiel () is a city in the north of Germany. It is the capital of the state of Schleswig-Holstein. It has a population of 239,526 people. It is a port on the sea and has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Frankfurt (disambiguation)

Frankfurt is the name of two cities in Germany:

Historical territories and entities, centered in Frankfurt am Main:

Historical territories and entititie, centered in Frankfurt (Oder):

There is a city with a similar spelling:

Franfurt is the family name of:

Fred Rogers

Fred McFeely Rogers (March 20, 1928 – February 27, 2003) was an American television personality, musician, puppeteer, writer, producer, and Presbyterian minister. He was the creator, producer, head writer, and host of the children's television show "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" from 1968 until he left in 2001. He also wrote the music for the show. 

In the 1950s, Rogers was not happy with the television shows that children were seeing. He began to write and perform shows for children near the city of Pittsburgh, USA. In 1968, a television company called Eastern Educational Television Network began distributing Rogers's new show, "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood," across the United States on the TV channel WQED. For thirty years, Rogers was a television icon of children's entertainment and education.

Rogers supported many public causes. In the Betamax case, the U.S. Supreme Court used what Rogers said before a lower court to support fair use television recording. Rogers also spoke before a U.S. Senate committee to support government money for children's television.

In August 2001, Rogers retired from recording "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". In October 2002, doctors told him he had stomach cancer. He died from the disease a few months later on February 27, 2003. He was 74 years old.

President George W. Bush honored Rogers with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Rogers was also given forty honorary degrees and a Peabody Award. He was added to the Television Hall of Fame. He was number 35 on the "TV Guide"'s "Fifty Greatest TV Stars of All Time". The Smithsonian Institution has one of his sweaters as a "Treasure of American History".

Rogers influenced many creators of children's television shows. His shows helped people understand sad and tragic events, even after he died.

Rogers was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania to James Rogers and Nancy McFeely. His father was a businessman. His mother came from a rich Pittsburgh family and also was a hospital volunteer during and after World War II. His grandfather from his mother's side, Fred McFeely, was the president of McFeely Brick, one of Latrobe's largest businesses. Rogers grew up in a large brick house at 737 Weldon Street in Latrobe.

He had an adopted sister named Elaine. Rogers spent much of his free time with his grandfather McFeely, who loved music. Rogers began to play the piano when he was five and sang with his mother.

When growing up, Rogers was shy and overweight. He stayed home from school many times because of his asthma. Rogers had a hard time making friends. He was bullied many times as a little boy for his weight. He was often called "Fat Freddy".

During his high school years in Latrobe, Rogers became more confident and popular. Rogers was president of the student council, a member of the National Honor Society and was editor-in-chief of the yearbook. He graduated in 1946. He studied at Dartmouth College from 1946 until 1948 and then went on at Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida to earn a BA in music composition in 1951.

While studying at Rollins, Rogers met Sara Joanne Byrd who was from Oakland, Florida. They were married on June 9, 1952. They had two sons: James, in 1959, and John, in 1961. Joanne Rogers died in January 2021, aged 92.

Rogers graduated from Pittsburgh Theological Seminary and became a minister of the United Presbyterian Church in 1963. Rogers returned to Pittsburgh in the 1960s.

Rogers entered seminary after college but wanted to work with television. In an interview with CNN, Rogers said he started working in television because he "hated it," but wanted to make it better. He wanted to use TV to help people and teach them about important things. He applied for a job at NBC in New York City in 1951. He worked as an assistant producer. Later, he worked as a network floor director on musical programs such as "Your Hit Parade", "The Kate Smith Hour", and "The Voice of Firestone". He also worked on Gabby Hayes's children's show.

Rogers left NBC because he did not approve of the agency using children for advertisement. He began working as a puppeteer on the local children's show "The Children's Corner" for Pittsburgh public television station WQED in 1954. The show won a Sylvania Award for best children's show and was broadcast nationally on NBC.

Rogers studied theology at the nearby Pittsburgh Theological Seminary during his lunch breaks. However, he did not want to go into preaching and was told to continue making children's television after he became a minister. He worked with the University of Pittsburgh's child development and care program.

In 1963, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) hired Rogers to create the 15-minute children's program "Misterogers." Rogers moved to Toronto and the series ran for three seasons. Three years later, Rogers moved back to the United States.

In 1966, Rogers got the rights to his program from the CBC and moved the show to WQED in Pittsburgh, where he had worked on "The Children's Corner".

"Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" began in 1968. The show had 895 episodes. It was shown on National Educational Television, which later became The Public Broadcasting Service. By 1985, eight percent of people living in the United States watched the show. The last shows were made in December 2000 and started to be shown on television in August 2001. 

The program always started with Rogers coming home, singing his theme song "Won't You Be My Neighbor?". He would then change into sneakers and a zippered cardigan sweater. The sweaters were all made by his mother. In his show, Rogers would always go on trips, teach new things and show short movies on "Picture, Picture". Each show included a trip to Rogers's "Neighborhood of Make-Believe" with a trolley, a castle, and the people who lived in the neighborhood, including King Friday XIII.

Rogers always fed his aquarium fish during the show. He would always tell his audience that he was feeding them. This was because he got a letter from a young blind girl who wanted to know each time he did this. The program would end with Rogers singing "It's Such a Good Feeling".
Rogers believed in acting normally, not differently when he was being filmed. He said that "One of the greatest gifts you can give anybody is the gift of your honest self." Rogers wrote almost all of the music on the program. He wanted to teach children to love themselves and others, and he talked about common childhood fears with comforting songs. He once took a trip to a children's hospital to show children that a hospital is not a place to fear.

Rogers talked about social issues on his program, such as the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, racism and divorce. In one famous episode, Rogers put his feet in water with Officer Clemmons (François Clemmons), who was African-American, in a kiddie pool on a hot day. The scene was a message of inclusion when racial segregation in the United States was common.

Rogers also had children with disabilities on his show. In 1981, Rogers met a young quadriplegic boy named Jeff Erlanger. Erlanger showed Rogers how his electric wheelchair worked and explained why he needed it. Erlanger and Rogers both sang the song "It's You I Like". Before being on the show, Erlanger was a fan of the program. His parents wrote a letter to Rogers asking if they could meet.

Rogers ended each program by telling his viewers,

Rogers never talked about his religious beliefs on the show because he did not want any viewer to feel ignored from the show. During the Gulf War, he told his audience that all children in the neighborhood would be well cared for. Rogers asked parents to promise to take care of their children.

In 1990, members of the Ku Klux Klan in Missouri played racist versions of Rogers's songs, so Rogers filed a lawsuit against the White supremacy group. A district court judge in Missouri ordered the Ku Klux Klan to stop using Rogers's songs and to give any records they had to Rogers. The judge said the group had committed copyright infringement.

After the September 11 terrorist attacks, Rogers made public service announcements for parents about how to discuss tragic world news events with their children. He told viewers to "look for the helpers". Many people still share the quote online after tragic news events. Rogers said in the public service announcement,

In 1969, Rogers appeared before the United States Senate Subcommittee on Communications. His goal was to ask the Senate to support PBS with money and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, because of proposed budget cuts. In about six minutes of explanation, Rogers spoke of the need for social and emotional education that public television gave. He argued that other television programming like his "Neighborhood" helped teach children to become happy citizens.

The chairman of the subcommittee, John O. Pastore, did not know Rogers or his work and was sometimes said to be impatient. However, after Rogers, Pastore said that what Rogers said was very exciting, and said, "I think it's wonderful. Looks like you just earned the $20 million". The Senate increased money for PBS from $9 million to $22 million.

As the issues of households being able to record television programs with a VCR grew, Rogers was active in supporting VCR companies in court. In 1979, in the case "Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.", Rogers said he was not against home recordings of his television programs because families could watch them together at a later time.

When the case reached the Supreme Court in 1983, the majority decision used what Rogers had said. The court found that the Betamax video recorder did not commit copyright violations. The court said that his views were an important piece of evidence "that many [television] producers are willing to allow private time-shifting to continue".

In 1978, while taking a break from making new "Neighborhood" episodes, Rogers hosted an interview program for adults on PBS called "Old Friends...New Friends". On the show, Rogers interviewed "actors, sports stars, politicians, and poets". The show lasted only 20 episodes. In 1988, he appeared on the Soviet children's television show "Good Night, Little Ones!" where he brought his puppet Daniel Striped Tiger with him.

The only time Rogers appeared on television as someone other than himself was in 1996 when he played a preacher on one episode of "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman." Rogers voiced himself on the "Arthur Meets Mister Rogers" episode of the PBS Kids series "Arthur".

Rogers had an apartment in New York City and a summer home on Nantucket Island in Massachusetts. Rogers was red-green color blind. He had a healthy lifestyle as he swam every morning and neither smoked nor drank. He was a vegetarian because he believed eating meat was wrong, saying "I don't want to eat anything that has a mother". Some people thought that Rogers was in the military as a Navy SEAL during the Vietnam War and had tattoos. This is not true.

In 1991, the Pittsburgh Penguins named Rogers as their celebrity captain, as part of a celebration of the National Hockey League's 75th anniversary. Card No. 297 from the 1992 NHL Platinum collection celebrated the event, making Rogers one of only twelve celebrity captains to be chosen for a sports card.

During his morning routine, Rogers responded to all of the mail sent to him by fans and returned them to the people that sent them.

Rogers was a Republican. However, Joanne Rogers said that her husband voted as an independent. She also said he did not talk about politics too much because he did not want to be political.

Rogers retired in 2001, but he kept busy studying religion and spirituality. He traveled and went out in public. He also worked on a children's media center named after him at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe with Archabbot Douglas Nowicki, chancellor of the college.

By the summer of 2002, his constant stomach pain had become painful enough for him to see a doctor about it, and in October 2002 he learned he had stomach cancer. He had surgery on January 6, 2003, which was unsuccessful. A week earlier, he was grand marshal of the Tournament of Roses Parade, with Art Linkletter and Bill Cosby.

Rogers died on the morning of February 27, 2003, at his home in Pittsburgh. His wife was by his side when he died. He died less than a month before he would have turned 75.

On March 1, 2003, a private funeral was held for Rogers in Unity Chapel. Rogers' father had restored the chapel at Unity Cemetery in Latrobe, where Rogers was buried. About 80 relatives, co-workers, and close friends came to the service. Plans were secret, so that those closest to him could grieve privately. Reverend John McCall read from the Bible and talked about its meaning. He was pastor of the Rogers family's church, Sixth Presbyterian Church in Squirrel Hill. Reverend William Barker read Rogers's favorite Bible passages. Barker was a retired Presbyterian minister and a close friend of Rogers. Barker was the voice of Mr. Platypus on the show.

More than 2,700 people went to Rogers's public memorial service at Heinz Hall on May 3. Honored guests included former "Good Morning America" host David Hartman, Teresa Heinz Kerry, PBS President Pat Mitchell, "Arthur" creator Marc Brown, and "The Very Hungry Caterpillar" author-artist Eric Carle. Speakers remembered Rogers for his humor, and his love of children, his religion, and music.

In 1992, he was awarded the Peabody Award. He was added to the Television Hall of Fame in 1999.

President George W. Bush awarded Rogers the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002 for his works to children's education. He said that Rogers "has a very special place in the heart of a lot of moms and dads all across America." In 2003, the United States Senate passed Resolution 16 to celebrate the life of Rogers. After Rogers's death, the U.S. House of Representatives passed Resolution 111 in 2003. This resolution honored Rogers for the work he did to help children in the United States.

On New Year's Day 2004, Michael Keaton, who worked on stage on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" before becoming an actor, hosted the PBS TV special "Fred Rogers: America's Favorite Neighbor". His hometown of Latrobe and Pittsburgh host "Won't You Wear a Sweater Day" to honor Rogers. The event takes place every year on his birth date, March 20. In 2003, the International Astronomical Union named the asteroid 26858 Misterrogers after Rogers.

The Fred Rogers Memorial Statue in Pittsburgh was built in 2009. On June 25, 2016, the Fred Rogers Historical Marker was placed near Latrobe, Pennsylvania in his memory.

In June 2018, the documentary "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" was released. It was based on Rogers's life and the effect of his work. Reviews were good for it. The movie became the highest money making biography-documentary (biodoc) of all time. Tom Hanks played Rogers in a movie based on his later life titled "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood" (2019) directed by Marielle Heller. Hanks was later nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Rogers.

Rogers was honored on a special United States postage stamp in March 2018. On September 21, 2018, Google Doodle honored him with a stop-motion video of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood." On October 23, 2018, during the first game of the 2018 World Series, Rogers's first television commercial was for Google's Pixel 3 smartphone. In the ad, Rogers sings "Did You Know" which was the first time his voice or images has been used in a commercial for a product on television.
The Smithsonian Institution bought one of Rogers's famous sweaters. The museum shows it in their "Treasure of American History" exhibit. At the 2020 Academy Awards, Janelle Monáe performed Rogers's "It's a Beautiful Day in This Neighborhood" during the opening ceremony while wearing a red cardigan sweater.

At the 2021 Grammy Awards, Rogers was posthumously awarded the Grammy Award for Best Historical Album for "It's Such a Good Feeling: The Best of Mister Rogers".

Rogers received honorary degrees from more than 43 colleges and universities. After 1973, two of Rogers's friends made two special quilts to celebrate the degrees. They used cloth from his many graduation robes to make them. The quilts are at the Fred Rogers Center at St. Vincent College in Latrobe.



Sri Yukteswar Giri

Sri Yukteswar Giri (May 10, 1855 - March 9, 1936) was an Indian guru and swami. His real name was Priya Nath Karar and was born in Serampore, West-Bengal, India.

He is one of the famous people who appears on the cover of the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. 

He became known through "Autobiography of a Yogi" as the guru of the author Paramahansa Yogananda. 

George Harrison, the beatle, was initiated in kriya yoga in USA in Self-Realization Fellowship, an organization created by the known writer and great spiritual master in the west Paramahansa Yogananda. 


Aleister Crowley

Aleister Crowley (12 October 1875 – 1 December 1947) was a British mystic, occultist, writer, poet, mountain climber and nicknamed "The Wickedest Man In the World.".

He was an influential member in some occult organisations, such as the Golden Dawn, the A∴A∴, and Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.), and is better known today for his occult books and papers. He was bisexual.

Crowley also started a mystical philosophy known as Thelema, the "Abbey of Thelema", and revived the term magick.

Edward Alexander Crowley was born at 36 Clarendon Square in Royal Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England, between 11:00pm and 11:59 p.m. on 12 October 1875.

In 1895, he went to Trinity College, Cambridge after going to Malvern College and Tonbridge School. In his three years at Cambridge, his father died and left him a large sum of money.

In December 1896, Crowley took interest in occultism and by the next year, he began reading books on alchemy and mysticism. A year later, he published his first book of poetry ("Aceldama"), and left Cambridge, only to meet Julian L. Baker who introduced him to Samuel Mathers and the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.

In November 1899, Crowley bought Boleskine House in Foyers on the shore of Loch Ness in Scotland.

Samuel Mathers, acting leader of the Golden Dawn organisation, acted as his early mentor in western magic. Crowley lost faith in his mentor's abilities in 1900 but did not officially break with Mathers until 1904.

Crowley died of a respiratory infection in a Hastings boarding house on 1 December 1947 at the age of 72. He had been addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier.

Readings at the cremation service in Brighton included "Hymn to Pan", and newspapers referred to the service as a black mass.




Karlheinz Stockhausen

Karlheinz Stockhausen (22 August 1928-5 December 2007) was a German composer. He was an important German composer in the years after World War II. During this time composers were exploring many new ideas. Stockhausen used serialism in new ways, and he invented many ways of composing electronic music. His works include an opera cycle "Licht" which includes seven operas.

Stockhausen was born near Cologne. His father was a village school teacher. His mother was put in a sanatarium in 1934 where she died in 1942. She was probably killed there because the Nazis thought people who were mentally ill should not be allowed to live.

Stockhausen was a young man during the war. He trained to be a teacher and was sent to work in a military hospital near where the army was. His father died fighting in the war. After the war, with no parents, he went to work on a farm. Then, in 1947, he went to study at the Cologne Musikhochschule. He played the piano in bars and clubs and he improvised at the piano when playing for a magician’s magic shows. He was thinking of becoming a writer.

At this time many of Germany’s important composers met every summer in Darmstadt. The course was called Darmstadt Holiday Course for New Music. Stockhausen went there in 1951. There he performed some modern music and met important people such as the music critic and philosopher Theodor Adorno. He heard the music of Messiaen and, soon after marrying, he went to Paris to study with Messiaen. In Paris he met Pierre Boulez and Pierre Schaeffer who was working on musique concrète. He experimented with different sounds that percussion instruments can make, and he started composing electronic music. When he went back to Cologne he worked in a studio for electronic music where he studied communications theory. By this time Stockhausen, Boulez and Nono were the leading composers of avant garde or experimental music.

Stockhausen made Cologne an important centre for electronic music. He also helped to make the Darmstadt Summer Courses a famous centre for modern music. He did not invite John Cage to lecture there in 1958. This led to disagreements with Boulez and Nono. In California in 1967, Stockhausen married his second wife who was a painter. During the 1960s he bought land in the country near Cologne and had a house built there. Stockhausen did not design the house himself, because he was not an architect.

Stockhausen was by now world famous. He toured the United States and many other countries with a small group of musicians performing modern music. His music was not only listened to by fans of classical music but was also becoming part of popular youth culture. His picture was included on the front cover of the Beatles’s record Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. The record company Deutsche Grammophon sold more copies of his music than of any other modern composer except Stravinsky.

During the 1970s Stockhausen became even more popular. This was partly because other music, like the other arts, had become political and very left-wing in the 1960s, which made people angry. It was also partly because audiences wanted a change from music that was very complicated, and Stockhausen's music had become much simpler. His most popular compositions are "Tierkreis" (1974–75) and "In Freundschaft" (1977). Stockhausen broke with his publisher and started to publish his music himself. From 1977 to 2003 Stockhausen composed "Licht" ("Light"), a set of seven operas named for the days of the week.

Stockhausen died of heart failure on 5 December 2007 in Kuerten.

In some student works Stockhausen used twelve tone composition. He became interested in Messiaen and his composition "Kreuzspiel" shows Messiaen’s influence. In "Kontra-Punkte" (1953) the music starts with very small bits played by ten instruments. Gradually these little bits come together and at the end the music concentrates on the piano.

From 1953 he worked seriously at electronic music. He thought that electronic music was going to be the music of the future. His "Gesang der Jünglinge" is a multi-track work, using 5 tracks (later reduced to 4). "Gruppen" ("Groups") is a work for three orchestras and three conductors. They sit in different parts of the concert hall and play at different speeds at the same time. His piano piece "Klavierstück XI" ("Piano Piece eleven") shows no influence of John Cage at all. The music is written on a huge sheet of paper and the pianist decides as he plays which part of the music to go to next and how to play it. This means that each performance of the work is different. This is not “chance” music, but "mobile" music.

He continued to experiment with new ideas. "Kontakte" is a work for piano, percussion and electronic music (the tape has been prepared beforehand). He composed “live electronic” music beginning in the 1960s. This means using electronics to change the sound of normal instruments that are amplified. His operatic cycle "Licht" was started in 1977 and took him 26 years to complete. There are seven operas: one for each day of the week. Some of the music for this includes microtonal scales, in which the notes are tuned so that they are less than a semitone apart.

W. C. Fields

William Claude Dukenfield (January 29, 1880 - December 25, 1946) was an American actor, comedian, juggler and writer.


Carl Jung

Carl Gustav Jung (26 July 1875 – 6 June 1961) was a Swiss psychiatrist and writer. He created many theories and ideas that are still used in psychology today. Psychology is the science of how people think and feel. His kind of psychology was called analytical psychology or "Jungian Analysis".

Jung worked for about seven years with Sigmund Freud early in his career, but they argued over a theory and from 1913 went their separate ways. This was because they disagreed about what motivated people and how to understand psychology.

Jung is famous for many things that he did for psychology. The work he did was important for measuring what kind of personality people have. The test called the Myers Briggs Type Indicator is based on his ideas. He is also famous because of his ideas about the ancients - people from many years ago.

Jung spent his life learning from observation and read exceptionally widely subjects as different as philosophy, science, anthropology, religion, literature, art and historical books relating to alchemy and the occult. He thought he could learn important things about psychology from them. He investigated them to find out what symbols they contained and how ancient people tried to make sense of the world around them. Alchemy is considered a precursor of modern chemistry.

He wrote in academic German, for doctors, psychologists and many other educated people. Most people who study Jung start with the book "Man and His Symbols". It was written by colleagues of Jung so that people would be able understand him. Another useful introduction to his work is his Biography, "Memories, Dreams, Reflections", written mostly by his secretary, Mrs Aniela Jaffe, and to which he contributed three or four chapters.

Jung also created important terms called "collective unconscious," archetypes, extraversion (outer world) and introversion (internal world). 

Dr Jung inhaled smoking tobacco in pipes (as is shown in the photograph) and cigars. Tobacco is a dangerous addictive drug. 
Carl Gustav Jung was born on 26 July 1875 in Kesswil, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.

Jung died a widower in his mid-eighties in Kusnacht, Canton of Zurich Switzerland.



Jung's work also inspired modern psychiatrist Bernard D. Beitman on the subject of coincidences, including synchronicity and related topics in the field.

Edgar Allan Poe

Edgar Allan Poe (January 19, 1809 – October 7, 1849) was an American writer. He wrote horror stories and poems.

Edgar Allan Poe was born on January 19, 1809. His parents were two touring vaudeville actors, David Poe Jr. and Elizabeth Arnold Hopkins. David left the family under unknown circumstances while Poe was an infant. When Poe was two his mother died of tuberculosis, leaving Edgar an orphan. The wealthy John Allan took Edgar into his home in Richmond, Virginia. In 1815, the Allan family moved to England. Young Poe went to an English private school. After five years, the family moved back to Richmond, Virginia.

After moving back to Virginia, Poe entered the University of Virginia in 1826. While there, he gambled, lost money, and went into debt. John Allan became angry, and cut off all contact with Poe. In 1827, Poe published his first work, a collection of poetry titled, "Tamerlane and Other Poems". Poe did not have his name published in the book; it was attributed to "a Bostonian."

Poe enlisted in the army. He used the name Edgar A. Perry and lied about his age. He was successful as a soldier and quickly became a sergeant major. While in the army his foster-mother Frances Allan died. Poe attempted to mend his relationship with John Allan. Poe soon left the army and enrolled at West Point in New York state.

Poe did not enjoy his time at West Point and got very bored. He was expelled in March 1831. At this point, John Allan disowned him. Poe was well-liked by other cadets. They contributed money to pay for Poe to publish a book of his poems called "Al Aaraaf, Tamerlane, and Minor Poems". He soon moved to Baltimore, Maryland.

In Baltimore, Poe lived with his aunt, Maria Poe Clemm. She was the sister of Edgar's real father. Clemm also had a daughter named Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe. Virginia admired Poe very much. In 1836, when Virginia was thirteen, she and Poe married.

Poe was writing a lot by this time. He sold his first short story in 1832. His writing did not earn very much money. He also worked as an editor for various magazines over the years, becoming very well known for his literary criticism. Poe also was drinking off and on during these years.

In 1842, while Poe was living with Clemm and Virginia in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Virginia became sick with tuberculosis. The family moved to New York City. They later settled in The Bronx. On 29 January 1845, Poe published his most famous poem, "The Raven", making him very popular. Virginia died a few years later, on 30 January 1847, due to pulmonary tuberculosis. Poe was devastated after her death.

On September 27, 1849, Poe left Richmond after a short visit. It is not known what happened to him until October 3; On that day, he was discovered outside of Gunner's Hall by Joseph W. Walker in Baltimore. He was taken to Washington College Hospital. While in the hospital. he became delirious and started seeing hallucinations. He died on October 7, 1849, in the hospital. It is not known what his cause of death was. There are several possible theories. They include congestion of the brain, alcoholism withdrawal, tuberculosis and rabies.

Poe was buried in the grounds of the Westminster Church and Burying Ground after a small funeral with only a few people. On May 17, 1875, Poe was reburied at the front of the churchyard after a city-wide campaign to raise money to build a large monument. He is buried there alongside his wife Virginia, and Virginia's mother Maria Clemm.





Fred Astaire

Fred Astaire, born Frederick Austerlitz (10 May 1899 – 22 June 1987), was an American dancer,
actor, singer, choreographer and
presenter. He was the most famous stage, movie and television dancer of his day.

Astaire started dancing on the stage with his sister Adèle, as a child, in 1905. Their Broadway career lasted from 1917 to 1932. They became world-famous after WWI, and regularly performed on both sides of the Atlantic.

When she married he started a movie partnership with Ginger Rogers. After that, he danced with a succession of talented American dancers on movie and on television. He appeared in 32 movies. His movie partners included Eleanor Powell, Ann Miller, Vera-Ellen, Cyd Charisse: all high-class dancers, and on TV with Barrie Chase. Their "An evening with Fred Astaire" won nine Emmy Awards in 1958.

Many male dancers of the 20th century were influenced by him, and said so. He owed a lot to the choreography of Hermes Pan, but even more to his own perfectionism and relentless practice.

Astaire was also an excellent actor, and a successful, though personally modest, singer. He introduced some of the most celebrated songs from the "Great American Songbook". He married Phyllis Potter in 1933; they had two children. After her death, he remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith, a female jockey 45 years his junior.



Game Boy Advance

The Game Boy Advance, commonly abbreviated as GBA, is a 32-bit handheld video game console. It was manufactured by Nintendo. The predecessor to the Game Boy Advance was the Game Boy Color. The Game Boy Advance was eventually succeeded by the Nintendo DS in 2004.

The Game Boy Advance was released in Japan on March 21, 2001. Nintendo later released it in North America on June 11, 2001, in Australia on June 20, 2001, and in Europe on June 22, 2001.

The Game Boy Advance SP (announced in 2002) is one of the two Game Boy Advance variations, first released in Japan on February 14, 2003, in Europe on March 23, 2003, in North America on March 28, 2003, and in Australia on April 10, 2003. It is similar to the original model, but it has a "clamshell" design, meaning that it can be folded to open and close which was later used in all the DS and 3DS models except the original 2DS. The Game Boy Advance SP has a rechargeable battery, and it does not run on two AA batteries. The Game Boy Advance SP has a backlit screen, meaning it has a bright screen (older versions of the GBA SP have a frontlit screen). Like its predecessor, it is backwards compatible with "GB" and "GBC" games.

The Game Boy Micro is one of the two variations of the Game Boy Advance and is the last model in the Game Boy Line (alongside the AGS-101 model of the SP) announced at E3 2005. Development of the Micro began in 2004. It is smaller than most handhelds and is designed to fit inside coin pockets. It retains a rechargeable battery and backlit screen from the Game Boy Advance SP. The Game Boy Micro removed backwards compatibility with original Game Boy and Game Boy Color games as it is not compatible with accessories made for the "GBA" and SP. It also is incompatible with the Nintendo e-Reader. The Game Boy Micro also has a removable face plate for alternative designs. The Micro did not sell well as it was overshadowed by its successor, the Nintendo DS, which also plays "GBA" games.


The Game Boy Micro has a switch on its right side to make the volume lower or higher. If the player presses the L shoulder button, it can be used to adjust the backlit screen between 5 different brightness levels.

Amerie

Amerie or Ameriie (born Amerie Mi Marie Rogers, married name Nicholson, January 12, 1980), is an American R&B singer.

Amerie was born to a South Korean mother and African American father. Her first language is Korean.

In 2004, Amerie began dating her manager, Lenny Nicholson. On March 1, 2010, they were engaged. The couple married on June 25, 2011, in an oceanfront ceremony in Anguilla.



Ben Stein

Ben Stein (November 25, 1944) is an American attorney, writer, actor, comedian, and television personality.

He was a lawyer, then speech writer for Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He went into show business helping some liberal writers write accurate portrayals of conservatives for a television show. He soon turned to acting, landing his most famous role as a boring teacher in the movie "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". He was also the main person in the 2008 movie "". His nerdy appearance and dead-pan manner have made him a popular fixture on movies and TV till this day. From 1997 to 2003 he had his own game show, "Win Ben Stein's Money". He also wrote many books and had articles that appeared in popular magazines and newspapers. He is also spokesperson for a product named "Clear Eyes".

Soft rock

Soft rock is subgenre of rock music. Some people find it lighter and more relaxing than rock and roll while some cannot stand it. Some singers and musicians who sing soft rock are: Bread, The Carpenters and Chicago.

Angela Merkel

Angela Dorothea Merkel (born "Angela Dorothea Kasner" on 17 July 1954 in Hamburg) is a German politician, and was Chancellor of Germany from 22 November 2005 to 8 December 2021.

She was born in Hamburg, at the time part of West Germany, and grew up in the former German Democratic Republic, where she lived until the reuniting of Germany in 1990. Merkel is now married to Joachim Sauer, a professor of chemistry. From 2000 to 2018, she was the chairperson (was in charge of) the German conservative party, the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU).

Merkel became Germany's first female chancellor on 22 November 2005 in a coalition of the two biggest German political parties, the CDU/CSU and SPD. After the next election in 2009, she formed a coalition with the German liberal party FDP. After the 2013 and 2017 Federal Elections, she again emerged as chancellor of a coalition government.

Her father was a Lutheran pastor and her mother was a school teacher. Before becoming a politician, she worked as a researcher in Physical Chemistry. In December 2015, she was named as "Time" magazine's Person of the Year. 

In October 2018, Merkel announced her permanent retirement from politics, as she said she would not seek reelection as leader of the CDU at the party convention in December 2018 and as Chancellor in 2021. After this, another female politician, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, replaced her as CDU leader.

Chinese dragon

A Chinese dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China. The dragon in the Qing Dynasty came out on national flags.

Dragons are often found in Chinese art and stories. Since people discovered dragons in Chinese art and stories, dragons are sometimes thought of as a symbol for China.

There are people inside Chinese dragons. Dragons are very popular in China. The phoenix is a dragon that has five claws and was a powerful symbol for the emperors in China.

Robert Duvall

Robert Selden Duvall (born January 5, 1931) is an American actor and director. Duvall won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Tender Mercies" (1983). He has also won the Screen Actors Guild Award, several Golden Globe Awards, and a BAFTA Award.

Duvall was born in San Diego, California. His parents were Mildred Virginia Hart and William Howard Duvall. He studied at Severn School in Severna Park, Maryland and The Principia in St. Louis, Missouri. He graduated, in 1953, from Principia College in Elsah, Illinois.

Duvall's career began in 1952. His first role was as Arthur "Boo" Radley in the 1962 movie "To Kill A Mockingbird". He then appeared on "Captain Newman, M.D." (1963).

He landed many of his most famous roles during the early 1970s, such as Major Frank Burns in the blockbuster comedy "MASH" (1970) and the lead role in "THX 1138" (1971), as well as Horton Foote's adaptation of William Faulkner's "Tomorrow" (1972). This was followed by a series of critically lauded performances in commercially successful films.

Duvall's political views are variously described as libertarian or conservative.

Duvall was married to Barbara Benjamin from 1964 until they divorced in 1975. Then, he was married to Gail Youngs from 1982 through 1985. Then he was married to Sharon Brophy from 1991 through 1996. He has been married to Argentine actress Luciana Pedraza since 2005.

Duvall has no children. He lives in The Plains, Virginia.

He has appeared in many other films including:


In 2015, at age 84, Duvall became the oldest person ever nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Academy Awards, with a nomination for the movie "The Judge."


Stevie Wonder

Stevland Hardaway Judkins (born May 13, 1950) known by his stage name Stevie "The Visionary" Wonder, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist.

A child prodigy,Wonder became one of the most successful and well-known artists on the Motown label. He has recorded 23 albums and more than 30 U.S. top ten hits,such as "Superstition", "Sir Duke" and "I Just Called To Say Love You" (which topped all the charts the board it faced). He has written and produced songs for many of his labelmates and other artists as well. His music, which concerns love, peace, care and knowledge about the outside world has won him 25 Grammy Awards(the most awarded to a male solo artist). Wonder plays the drums, guitar, synthesizers, congas, and most famously the piano, harmonica, and the keyboard. In 2009, United Nations dubbed him "Messenger of Peace".

He was born on May 13, 1950 at St. Mary's of Michigan Medical Center in Saginaw, Michigan. His real name is Stevland Hardaway Judkins but he later dropped the name Morris and it has been his name for his life.

He has been blind since shortly after his birth. While in the hospital his incubator was left too warm, which caused his retina to detach and resulted in severe optical nerve damage.

In 1961, Wonder sang his own composition , "Lonely Boy" for Smokey Robinson of The Miracles. This earned wonder his contract with Motown and he was mentored by Clarence Paul.Wonder's first album, "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie", was released by Motown Records in 1962 when Wonder was 12 years old. This album was to showcase Stevie's instrumental talents and contained to compositions that Wonder and Paul co-wrote - "Session Number 112" and "Wondering". He released his second album "Tribute to Uncle Ray" later that year, mostly covers of Ray Charles's songs including a fresh song, "Sunset". These two albums were released in reverse order of recording and failed to gain recognition.Clarence, feeling a song was coming on set "Mother Thank You" for release as a single, which was pulled and replaced with "I Call It Pretty Music But The Old People Call It The Blues". The song almost broke into the Billboard Hot 100, appearing at 101 before dropping out of sight. The followups "Little Water Boy" and "Contract on Love" had no success, despite the latter appearing on the Uptight album. His first live album "Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius" reached number one in the "Billboard" 200 and contained the live two part single "Fingertips", This made him the youngest musician ever to have a number one album in the United States and the youngest artist ever to top the chart.

His next few singles were not successful; his voice was changing as he got older and Motown was considering cancelling his contract. To save him, a fresh single "Up-Tight", co-written with Wonder was recorded in 1965 with reports saying it was based on a rhythm he had been humming and during recording the lyrics were sung back to Wonder as they were unavailable in Braille and that he "never missed a beat". The single charted at No.1 and an album was rushed into production the following year to back it success. This established Wonder as a genuine Motown hitmaker. Since then, he has used a Hohner clavinet.

In 1971, Wonder released the album "Where I'm Coming From", an album he expected to see what was going wrong with the world (featured the single "If You Really Love Me". Around the same time his label mate, Marvin Gaye released a similar album, "What's Going On", which spawned three singles. The albums have been compared with Marvin's seen as successful, whereas Wonder's seen as "self-indulged, undistinguished, pretentious" and overall lacking in unity and flow. Wanting to become a more independent artist, Wonder allowed his old Motown contract to expire.

Wonder moved to a new studio and was taught synthesiser engineering. He then met Malcolm Cecil and Robert Margouleff who introduced him to an electric orchestra known as TONTO (The Original New Timbral Orchestra) Around the time of its release the previous year, it garnered a lot of attention. On March 3, 1972 Wonder released a new album by the name of "Music of My Mind", with all songs flowing together thematically. The album spawned the singles "Superwoman" and "Keep On Running". The album was a success with critics finding it representative of his artistic growth. Although he was separate from Motown, he would still submit his albums to his old record label, Tamla. Cecil and Margouleff helped him engineer the TONTO synthesiser and so were listed as associate producers. This began Wonder's classical period and marked a long collaboration with TONTO's Expanding Head Band.

The albums that followed were Talking Book and Innervisions, the latter winning album of the year in 1973. Wonder won his first four Grammy Awards in 1973. Two of the awards were for his single "Superstition" from "Talking Book". In 1974, Wonder's seventeenth album "Fulfillingess' First Finale" was released, also winning album of the year. It featured two number one singles, "Boogie on Reggae Woman", and "You Haven't Done Nothin", a hit which launched criticism against The Nixon Federation - funny enough, 2 days later, Richard Nixon resigned. Wonder won another four Grammys for the album that year. It was Wonder's second number one album. Wonder's next album "Songs in the Key of Life" also reached number one. This was Wonder's most critically acclaimed album and the Library of Congress called it "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant". It spawned five singles , "Sir Duke", a song explaining the pleasures of music, "I Wish" wishing for childhood days to come back "As" a ballad of love which will last till The Impossible happens, "Another Star" a fast-paced Cuban style heartbreak ballad which featured on BBC's promotional video for the 2014 World Cup and "Isn't She Lovely" a song inspired by the birth Wonder's daughter, Aisha Morris.(Wonder would not release it as a single although instructed by a Motown executive to do so.) The former two songs reached No.1 on the Billboard charts.

In 1979, he released a soundtrack album, Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants for a documentary The Secret Life Of Plants. The album used a computer melodian virtually throughout. The album contain the No.1 ballad "Send One Your Love". The album had been called "odd" "goofy" "nerdy" and "foolish". Wonder blamed Motown for not promoting the album properly. In 1980, Wonder released Hotter Than July which included "I Ain't Gonna stand For It", a country-style song about a man whose property has been repeatedly trespassed, "Master Blaster (Jammin')", a reggae tune dedicated to Bob Marley, "Lately", a ballad and "Happy Birthday", a song in memory of Martin Luther King Jr used for Wonder's campaign to make Luther's birthday a national holiday. His next was a greatest hits album titled "Original Musiquarium I" featuring 4 new singles "That Girl", "Do I Do", "Front Line" and "Ribbon in The Sky". In 1983, Wonder contributed "Stay Gold" to the drama "The Outsiders". He then scheduled an album to be titled People Work, Human Play. The album never surfaced and instead 1984 saw the release of his next soundtrack album The Woman in Red.It spawned the hit single "I Just Called to Say I Love You" which reached number one in all the countries with charts at the time, therefore becoming his bestselling record. It was Wonder's only number one in the UK. It was number one there for six weeks. In 1985 Wonder released the digital album In Square Circle and featured on Dionne Warwick's single "That's What Friends Are For" with Elton John and Gladys Knight. It reached number one in the US. Wonder shared the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo Or Group With Vocal. In 1987 Wonder released the album Characters which featured hit singles "Skeletons" and "You Will Know", but was subject to mixed reception. Michael Jackson's album "Bad" was released. Wonder featured on the album's fifth song "Just Good Friends". In December 1987 Wonder released a single called "Get It", a duet with MJ in turn for Just Good Friends.

In 1991, Wonder's 3rd soundtrack album, Jungle Fever was released a month before the drama film of the same name. The album helped Wonder climb back into the Top Ten in album charting.

In 1995 Wonder released "Conversation Peace". It was his first album that was not a soundtrack since 1987. One single, "For Your Love", was released from the album. It won 2 Grammy awards for Best R&B Male Vocal Performance and Best R&B Song.

In 2005 Wonder released his first album in ten years, "A Time to Love". Reviewers were upset with the fact it took ten years for him to release a new album with fresh material. On June 25, 2011, Wonder performed at the opening ceremony of the 2011 Special Olympics World Summer Games in Athens, Greece.

Wonder said in 2013 that he will release 2 new albums in 2014, and is making a third. The current working titles are Ten Billion Hearts, When The World Began and Gospel Inspired By Lula.


Littleton, Colorado

Littleton is a community in Colorado, near Denver. It is most famous in 1999 because of the Columbine High School massacre at Columbine High School, which is not actually in the city of Littleton, but is in a ZIP code assigned to Littleton.

Motown

Motown is a famous record label founded in Detroit, Michigan in the late 1950s by Berry Gordy. It is known for signing many well-known rhythm and blues singers and groups. Some of the artists who sang on the label include:

"Motown" can also refer to the city of Detroit itself, or to the genre of music made by artists like those listed above.

Mustelid

Mustelids are a family of carnivorous mammals. They are the family Mustelidae, in the order Carnivora.

They are the largest family of mammals. They are diverse, from weasels who eat mice to wolverines that can kill prey much larger than themselves. Mustelids live in many habitats: otters for example, live mostly in the water, while one species of weasel lives in the Arctic.

One kind of mustelid, the ferret, has been tamed and used for hunting for a long time. These days it is mostly kept as a pet. Because the ferret looks a bit like a rat that has been stretched out in the middle, it is sometimes called a tube rat.

These are other well-known animals from the mustelid family.

They can be thought of as two subfamilies, the Lutrinae (the otters), and the Mustelinae (the rest)

Vanilla Ninja

Vanilla Ninja is a music group made up of four girls named Lenna Kuurmaa, Katrin Siska, Piret Järvis. Previous members are Triinu Kivilaan & Maarja Kivi.
The band has had some popular songs in Europe and they were in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005. 






Haile Selassie I

Haile Selassie I ( born Tafari Makonnen July 23, 1892 - August 27, 1975) was the Emperor of Ethiopia from April 2, 1930 to September 12, 1974. He was Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia from 1916 to 1930, when he was crowned Emperor of Ethiopia as one of the Solomonid dynasty. He fought against Italy, shortly before World War II. He was one of the founding fathers of the League of Nations and the United Nations and the 8th person to be recognized the Time Person of the Year. 

Tafari was made into local governor of Sidamo in 1907 and Harar in 1911. In Harar, he had a huge following, but he agreed not to remove Lij Iyasu from power as regent in exchange for Iyasu not removing him as governor of Harer. However, Iyasu became a Muslim and broke his agreement by trying to remove Tafari as governor. Tafari said that he now did have to keep the agreement and so he removed Iyasu as regent.

Because Iyasu was a Muslim, the nobles replaced him with Empress Zauditu on September 27, 1916 and made Tafari regent. From to then on, Tafari controlled Ethiopia. He was made "negus" (king) in 1928 and was crowned "Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God" on November 2, 1930. His coronation was given widespread publicity throughout the world, especially in two TIME Magazine articles. The publicity created interest on the faraway island of Jamaica, where a belief in his divinity (Godliness) soon arose because of his titles, and he was seen as a symbol of black liberation.

In 1936, he left Ethiopia after an invasion by Benito Mussolini's Italy. The Emperor gave a speech at the League of Nations that asked the world to stop the Italians, but it failed to act. With the help of the British in World War II, he returned to Ethiopia in 1941. In 1963, the Emperor did everything he could to help start the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), with its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In 1966, he visited Jamaica, where he met the Rastafarian community of Jamaica.

On September 12, 1974, he was overthrown by a Marxist coup. He was said to have died of natural causes in August 1975, but evidence later showed that he had been murdered. However, many Rastafarians claim that he is still alive.

Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis to preserve Congolese integrity, according to United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his "Kebur Zabagna" (Imperial Guard) forces staged an unsuccessful coup and briefly proclaimed Haile Selassie's eldest son, Asfa Wossen, as emperor. The regular army and police forces crushed the coup attempt since it lacked broad popular support; was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church; and was unpopular with the army, the air force, and thr police. The effort to depose the Emperor, however, had support among students and the educated classes. The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, when Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent". Student populations began to empathise with the peasantry and the poor and advocate on their behalf. The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.

The Emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West although he pursued a firm policy of decolonisation in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding Eritrea's status, with each of the superpowers vying for a stake in the state's future. The British administrator suggested Eritrea's partition between Sudan and Ethiopia to separate Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the United Nations.

A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and be represented in what had been the Ethiopian PA, which would become the federal parliament. Haile Selassie would have none of the European attempts to draft a separate constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and he wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply to both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961, the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of the Eritrean Parliament.

In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. That is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962. The war would continue for 30 years. Haile Selassie and then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him attempted to retain Eritrea by force.

In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organization of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the today's African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.

On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations that referred to his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenseless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.Emperor Haile Selassie standing in front of throne c. 1965
On 25 November 1963, the Emperor was among other heads of state, including French President Charles de Gaulle, ti traveed to Washington, DC, and attend the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.

In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to replace the historical tax system with a single progressive income tax, which would significantly weaken the nobility, which had previously avoided paying most of their taxes. Even with alterations, the law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. Having achieved its design in undermining the tax, the revolt encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.

A parade in honoir of Emperor of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie I, turns onto Pennsylvania Avenue from New York Avenue; crowds line the street. Washington, D.C 1963

While he had fully approved and assured Ethiopia's participation in UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction between it and the non-UN-approved foreign intervention in Indochina, consistently deplored it as needless suffering and called for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time, he remained open toward the United States and praised it for making progress with civil rights legislation in the 1950s and the 1960s. He visited the US several times during those years.

Main article: List of titles and honours of Haile Selassie



Ethiopia

Ethiopia (, , , , Oromo: Itiyophiyaa, , Tigrinya: ኢትዮጵያ) is a country in the Horn of Africa. It has one of the longest and most well known histories as a country in Africa and the world. Ethiopia was one of the few countries in Africa that escaped the Scramble for Africa. It avoided being colonized until 1935, when it was invaded by the Italians under Benito Mussolini, who took over the country for a brief time. Ethiopia used to be called Abyssinia. 

The word "Ethiopia" is the combination of two words,"Eth" and "Yop". The word "Eth" was taken from the first king of Ethiopia named " Etheal" (meaning: Gift of God) and "Yop" (meaning: Yellow Gold) was the place where Etheal was appointed. And " ia" shows that Ethiopia is a country name. Generally, Ethiopia means " Gift of yellow gold for God".

It is the most populous landlocked count ry in the world. It lost its Red Sea ports when Eritrea gained independence in 1993.

The idea of an Ethiopian nation became important with the Kingdom of Aksum in the 4th century A.D. The Aksumite Kingdom was a mainly Christian state that at its biggest controlled what is now the Ethiopian Highlands, Eritrea, and the coastal regions of Southern Arabia. The Aksumite Kingdom was responsible for the development of the religious movement that became the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church. However, the expansion of Islam in the 7th century caused the decline of the Aksumite Kingdom, and most of the lowland populations converted to Islam, while the highland people remained Christian. Since the Aksumite people became divided between Christian highlands and Islamic lowlands, religious and tribal tensions and rivalries between the people intensified. The Aksumite society changed into a loose confederation of city-states that maintained traditions and languages influenced by Aksum.

After the fall of Aksum due to declining sea trade from fierce competition by Muslims and changing climate, the power base of the kingdom migrated south and shifted its capital to Kubar (near Agew). They moved southwards because, even though the Axumite Kingdom welcomed and protected the companions of Prophet Muhammad to Ethiopia, who came as refugees to escape the persecution of the ruling families of Mecca and earned the friendship and respect of the Prophet. Their friendship deteriorated when South-Arabians invaded the Dahlak islands through the port of Adulis and destroyed it, which was the economic backbone for the prosperous Aksumite Kingdom. After a second golden age in the early 6th century the Aksumite empire began to decline in the mid 6th century, eventually ceasing its production of coins in the early 7th century. Around this same time, the Aksumite population was forced to go farther inland to the highlands for protection, abandoning Aksum as the capital. Arab writers of the time continued to describe Ethiopia (no longer referred to as Aksum) as an extensive and powerful state, though they had lost control of most of the coast and their tributaries. While land was lost in the north, it was gained in the south; and, though Ethiopia was no longer an economic power, it still attracted Arab merchants. The capital was moved to a new location, currently unknown, though it may have been called Ku'bar or Jarmi.

Under the reign of Degna Djan, during the 10th century, the empire kept expanding south, and sent troops into the modern-day region of Kaffa, while at the same time undertaking missionary activity into Angot and Amhara.

Local history holds that, around 960, a Jewish Queen named Yodit (Judith) or "Gudit" defeated the empire and burned its churches and literature. While there is evidence of churches being burned and an invasion around this time, her existence has been questioned by some western authors. Another possibility is that the Aksumite power was ended by a southern pagan queen named Bani al-Hamwiyah, possibly of the tribe al-Damutah or Damoti of the Sidama people. It is clear from contemporary sources that a female usurper did indeed rule the country at this time, and that her reign ended some time before 1003. After a short Dark Age, the Aksumite Empire was succeeded by the Agaw Zagwe dynasty in the 11th or 12th century (most likely around 1137), although limited in size and scope. However, Yekuno Amlak, who killed the last Zagwe king and founded the modern Solomonic dynasty around 1270 traced his ancestry and his right to rule from the last emperor of Aksum, Dil Na'od. It should be mentioned that the end of the Aksumite Empire didn't mean the end of Aksumite culture and traditions; for example, the architecture of the Zagwe dynasty at Lalibela and Yemrehana Krestos Church shows heavy Aksumite influence.

Fearing of what recently occurred, Axum shifted its capital near Agew In the middle of the sixteenth century Adal Sultanate armies led by Harar leader Ahmed Gragn invaded the Ethiopian Highlands in what is known as the ""Conquest of Habasha"". Following Gragn invasions the southern part of the Empire was lost to Ethiopia and scattered several groups like the Gurage people were cut off from the rest of Abyssinia. In the late sixteenth century the nomadic Oromo people penetrated the Abyssinian plains occupying large territories during the Oromo migrations. Abyssinian warlords often competed with each other for dominance of the realm. The Amharas seemed to gain the upper hand with the accession of Yekuno Amlak of Ancient Bete Amhara in 1270, after defeating the Agaw lords of Lasta.

The Gondarian dynasty, which since the 16th century had become the centre of Royal pomp and ceremony of Abyssinia, finally lost its influence as a result of the emergence of powerful regional lords, following the murder of Iyasu I, also known as Iyasu the Great. The decline in the prestige of the dynasty led to the semi-anarchic era of Zemene Mesafint("Era of the Princes"), in which rival warlords fought for power and the Yejju Oromo "enderase"s ("regents") had effective control. The emperors were considered to be figureheads. Until a young man named Kassa Haile Giorgis also known as Emperor Tewodros brought end to "Zemene Mesafint" by defeating all his rivals and took the throne in 1855. The Tigrayans made only a brief return to the throne in the person of Yohannes IV in 1872, whose death in 1889 resulted in the power base shifting back to the dominant Amharic-speaking elite prior to Yejju Oromo and Tigrayan rule. His successor Menelik II an Emperor of Amhara origin seized power. League of Nations in 1935 reported that after the invasion of Menelik's forces into non Abyssinian-proper lands of Somalis, Harari, Southern Oromo, Sidama, Shanqellaetc., the inhabitants were enslaved and heavily taxed by the gebbar-feudal system leading to depopulation.

Some scholars consider the Amhara to have been Ethiopia's ruling elite for centuries, represented by the Solomonic line of Emperors ending in Haile Selassie I. Marcos Lemma and other scholars dispute the accuracy of such a statement, arguing that other ethnic groups have always been active in the country's politics. This confusion may largely stem from the mislabeling of all Amharic-speakers as "Amhara" even though they were from a different ethnic group, and the fact that many people from other ethnic groups have adopted Amharic names. Another is the claim that most Ethiopians can trace their ancestry to multiple ethnic groups, including the last self-proclaimed emperor Haile Selassie I and his Empress Itege Menen Asfaw of Ambassel of having both Amhara and Oromo linage.

Oromo migrations, occurred with the movement of a large pastoral population from the southeastern provinces of the Empire. A contemporary account was recorded by the monk Abba Bahrey, from the Gamo region. Subsequently, the empire organization changed progressively, with faraway provinces taking more independence. A remote province such as Bale is last recorded paying tribute to the imperial throne during Yaqob reign (1590-1607).

By 1607, Oromos were also major players in the imperial politics, when Susenyos I, raised by a clan through "gudifacha"(or adoption), took power. He was helped by fellow Luba age-group generals Mecha, Yilma and Densa, who were rewarded by "Rist" feudal lands, in the present-day Gojjam districts of the same name.

The reign of Iyasu I the Great (1682-1706) was a major period of consolidation. It also saw the dispatching of embassies to Louis XIV's France and to Dutch India. During the reign of Iyasu II (1730-1755), the Empire was strong enough to undertake a war on the Sennar Sultanate, where the emperor leading its army to Sennar itself, was afterwards forced to retreat upon defeat along the Setit river. Iyasu II also conferred the dignity of Kantibai of the Habab (northern Eritrea) after homage by a new dynasty.

The "Wallo" and "Yejju" clans of the Oromo people rise to power culminated in 1755, when Emperor Iyoas I ascended to the imperial throne in Gondar. They would be one of the major factions contending for imperial power during the ensuing Zemene Mesafint, starting from 1769, when Mikael Sehul, Ras of Tigray killed Iyoas I and replaced him with Yohannes II.

The establishment of modern Ethiopia was led by the Shawan people (which included both Amharas and Oromos), particularly Amhara emperors Tewodros II of Gondar, who governed from 1855 to 1868, Yohannis IV, who was from Tigray governed from 1869 to 1889 and managed to expand his authority into Eritrea, and Menelik II, who governed from 1889 to 1913 and repelled the Italian invasion of 1896.

From 1874 to 1876, the Empire, under Yohannes IV, won the Ethiopian-Egyptian War, decisively beating the invading forces at the Battle of Gundet, in Hamasien province (in modern-day Eritrea). In 1887 Menelik king of Shewa invaded the Emirate of Harar after his victory at the Battle of Chelenqo.

Beginning in the 1890s, under the reign of the Emperor Menelik II, the empire's forces set off from the central province of Shoa to incorporate through conquest inhabited lands to the west, east and south of its realm. The territories that were annexed included those of the Western Oromo (non-Shawan Oromo), Sidama, Gurage, Wolayta, and Dizi. Among the imperial troops was Ras Gobena's Shewan Oromo militia. Many of the lands that they annexed had never been under the empire's rule, with the newly incorporated territories resulting in the modern borders of Ethiopia.

Ethiopia, unlike the rest of Africa, had never been colonized. Ethiopia was accepted as the first independent African-governed state at the League of Nations in 1922. Ethiopia was occupied by Italy after the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, but it was liberated by the Allies during World War II.

After the war, Ethiopia annexed Eritrea. However, ethnic tensions surged between the Amhara and the various ethnic groups of Eritrea, as well as Oromo, Somali, and Tigray peoples, in Ethiopia proper, each of whom had formed separatist movements dedicated to leaving Ethiopia. After the overthrow of the Ethiopian monarchy by the Derg military junta, the country became aligned with the Soviet Union and Cuba after the United States failed to support it in its military struggle with Somali separatists in the Ogaden region. After the end of military government in Ethiopia in 1993, Eritrea separated from Ethiopia.

The Kingdom of Aksum, the first known kingdom of great power to rise in Ethiopia, rose during the first century AD. The Persian religious figure Mani listed Axum with Rome, Persia, and China as one of the four great powers of his time. It was in the early 4th century that a Syro-Greek castaway, Frumentius, was taken to the court and over time changed King Ezana to Christianity, making Christianity Ethiopia's religion. For this, he received the title "Abba Selama". At different times, including a time in the 6th century, Axum ruled most of modern-day Yemen just across the Red Sea.

The line of rulers of the actual Axumite kings ended around 950 AD when they were overthrown by the Jewish Queen Gudit; then it was followed by the Zagwe dynasty for around 300 years. Around 1270 AD, the Solomonid dynasty came to control Ethiopia, claiming that they were related to the kings of Axum (though their claim was unscientific, they were even southern Ethiopia people, like from Shewa and such). They called themselves "Neguse Negest" ("King of Kings," or Emperor), basing their claims on their direct relation to king Solomon and the queen of Sheba.

During the rule of Emperor Lebna Dengel, Ethiopia made its first good contact with a European country, Portugal in 1520. When the Empire was attacked by Somali General and Imam, Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi, Portugal responded to Lebna Dengel's request for help with 400 musketeers, helping his son Gelawdewos beat al-Ghazi and remake his rule. However, Jesuit missionaries over time offended the Orthodox faith of the local Ethiopians, and in the mid-17th century Emperor Fasilidos got rid of these missionaries. At the same time, the Oromo people began to question the Ethiopian Christian authorities in the Abyssinian territories, and wanted to keep their own religion.

All of this led to Ethiopia's isolation during the 1700s. The Emperors became figureheads, controlled by warlords like Ras Mikael Sehul of Tigray. But Amharic is the national language of Ethiopia. Ethiopian isolationism ended following a British mission that made friendship between the two nations; however, it was not until the reign of Tewodros II that Ethiopia began to take part in world matters once again.

In 1896 Italy was decisively defeated in the battle of Adwa by Emperor Menelik; an Amhara Emperor from the province of Shewa. This battle dispelled the notion that Europeans were superior and could not be defeated by a black army. It gave rise to the Pan African movement, and hope to other African countries who were conquered. This victory made Ethiopia the only African country to successfully repel a European power during the Scramble of Africa. In 1936 Italy again attacked, and succeeded in occupying Ethiopia until 1941. With British help the 5 year occupation ended and Emperor Haile Selassie regained the throne.

Revolutionaries overthrew and killed the emperor in 1974. The resulting civil war lasted until 1991. Eritrea became independent and later fought the Eritrean–Ethiopian War.

Ethiopians are the native inhabitants of Ethiopia, as well as the global diaspora of Ethiopia. Ethiopians constitute several component ethnic groups, many of which are closely related to ethnic groups in neighboring Eritrea and other parts of the Horn of Africa.

Ethiopia's population is highly diverse with different languages and ethnic groups. Most of its people speak a Semitic or Cushitic language which are both part of the Afroasiatic language family, while others speak Nilo-Saharan languages. The Oromo, Amhara, Somali and Tigrayans make up more than three-quarters (75%) of the population, but there are more than 80 different ethnic groups within Ethiopia. Some of these have as few as 10,000 members.



Before 1996, Ethiopia was divided into 13 provinces. Ethiopia now has ethnically based regional states, zones, districts, and neighborhoods.

There are nine regions, sixty-eight zones and two chartered cities. Ethiopia is further divided into 550 "woredas" and several "special woredas".

The nine regions and two chartered cities (in italics) are:

Coffee production is a longstanding tradition in Ethiopia.


Utah

Utah is a state in the west United States. The capital and largest city is Salt Lake City. Utah became a state in the U.S. on January 4, 1896. About 3.3 million people lived there in 2020.

In 2018, The top countries of origin for Utah’s immigrants were Mexico (35 percent of immigrants), India (4 percent), Venezuela (4 percent), Peru (4 percent), and Canada (3 percent).

Utah is bordered by Idaho and Wyoming in the north and Colorado in the east. It touches a single point of New Mexico to the southeast at Four Corners. Utah is bordered by Arizona in the south, and by Nevada in the west. It covers an area of 84,899 square miles (219,887 km²).

Utah is mostly rocky with three distinct geological regions: the Rocky Mountains, the Great Basin, and the Colorado Plateau. Utah is known for its natural diversity and is home to features ranging from arid deserts with sand dunes to thriving pine forests in mountain valleys, which has attracted many tourists.

Utah has a dry, semi-arid to arid climate, although its many mountains have large, wide, differences of climates, with the highest points in the Uinta Mountains being above the tree line. The dry weather results from the state lying mostly in the rain shadow of the Sierra Nevada in California. The eastern half of the state is in the rain shadow of the Wasatch Mountains. The main source of rain for the state is the Pacific Ocean, with the state normally lying in the path of large Pacific storms from mid-October through April, although northern Utah often sees these large storms earlier and later. In summer, the state, normally southern and eastern Utah, is in the path of monsoon from the Gulf of California. Most of the lowland areas get less than 12 inches (300 mm) of rain a year. The Great Salt Lake Desert is the driest area of the state, with less than 5 inches (125 mm). Snowfall is common in all but the far southern valleys. Although St. George only gets about 3 inches (7.5 cm) per year, Salt Lake City sees about 60 inches (150 cm), enhanced by the lake-effect snow from the Great Salt Lake, which increases snowfall totals to the south, southeast, and east of the lake. Some areas of the Wasatch Range in the path of the lake-effect get up to 700 inches (1,770 cm) per year. The dry, fluffy, snow led Utah's ski industry to get the slogan "the Greatest Snow on Earth" in the 1980s. In the winter, temperature are a phenomenon across Utah's low basins and valleys, leading to thick humidity and fog that can sometimes last for weeks at a time, normally in the Uintah Basin.

The center of population of Utah is in Salt Lake County in the city of "Salt Lake City". As of 2020 the Census Bureau believes Utah has a population of 3,271,616. In 2008, the US Census Bureau determined Utah to be the fastest growing state in the country in terms of population growth.

Much of the population lives in cities and towns along the Wasatch Front, a region that runs north-south with the Wasatch Mountains rising on the eastern side. Growth outside the Wasatch Front is also increasing. The St. George metropolitan area is right now the second-fastest growing in the country after the Las Vegas metropolitan area, while the Heber metropolitan area is also the second-fastest growing in the country (right in front of Palm Coast, Florida).

The University of Utah says that the gross state product of Utah in 2005 was $92 billion, or 0.74% of the total United States GDP of $12.4 trillion for the same year. The per capital personal income was $24,977 in 2005. Major companies of Utah are: mining, cattle ranching, salt production, and government services.

In eastern Utah petroleum making is a big industry. Near Salt Lake City, petroleum refining is done by a number of oil companies. In central Utah, coal mining accounts for much of the mining activity.

Utah has a high total birth rate, and the youngest population of any U.S. state. It is also one of the few non-Southern states that has more males than females.

In 2000, the gender percents of Utah were estimated as:


The majority of the state's people are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. These people are called the Mormons or the LDS Church. As of 2020, 60.7 percent of people in the state are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Mormons are not as common as they used to be in Salt Lake City. Usually, people who live in rural areas in Utah are almost all Mormon. The LDS Church does not support or oppose any political parties, but the church's doctrine is very connected to politics. In the past, many of Utah's lawmakers have been church members. This has contributed to the state's laws on alcohol (sales and content) and gambling. Another effect can be seen in Utah's high birth rate (25 percent higher than the national normal; the highest for a state in the U.S.). The Mormons in Utah normally have conservative views in politics. Most Utahns that vote are not in a political party (60%). But, most vote for Republicans. John McCain got 62.5% of the vote in the 2008 Presidential Election. 70.9% of people of Utah voted for George W. Bush in 2004.

Utah's population is concentrated in two areas, the Wasatch Front in the North-Central part of the state, with a population of over 2 million; and southwestern Utah, locally known as "Dixie", with nearly 150,000 people who live there.

Utah was the fourth fastest growing state (at 29.6 percent) in the United States between 1990 and 2000. St. George, in the southwest, was the second-fastest growing metropolitan area in the United States, right behind Greeley, Colorado.

The state's two fastest growing counties were: "Summit" (at 91.6 percent; ranking it 8th in the country) and "Washington" (at 86.1 percent; ranking it 12th). The cities (defined as having at least 9,000 people living there in 2000) that saw the greatest increases between 1990 and 2000 were: "Draper" (248 percent), "South Jordan" (141 percent), "Lehi" (125 percent), "Riverton" (122 percent), and "Syracuse" (102 percent). Between 1990 and 2000 the five fastest-growing cities of any size were "Cedar Hills" (302 percent), "Draper" (248 percent), "Woodland Hills" (213 percent), "Ivins" (173 percent), and "South Jordan" (141 percent). The U.S. Census Bureau estimates, the five fastest-growing cities of any size between 2000 and 2008 were "Saratoga Springs" (1,501%), "Herriman" (1,061%), "Eagle Mountain" (934%), "Cedar Hills" (209%), and "Lehi" (146%).


The Bahamas

The Bahamas (officially called Commonwealth of The Bahamas) are a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea. The country's capital, Nassau, is on New Providence Island.

The Taino were the first people living there. In 1492, Christopher Columbus found the Americas by landing on another of the islands, San Salvador. The Eleutheran Adventurers soon came along, making a home in Eleuthera.

The islands' mostly black population speaks English, the country's main language.

The Bahamas are a popular place for people to visit for holidays, the 700 islands and cays attract many visitors from nearby America, as well as Europe and other countries.

Lucayans were the first people to arrive in the Bahamas. They moved into the southern Bahamas from Hispaniola and Cuba around the 11th century AD, having come there from South America. They came to be known as the Lucayan. About 30,000 Lucayan lived the Bahamas when Christopher Columbus arrived in 1492. Columbus' first landfall in the New World was on an island named San Salvador, which some scholars believe to be present-day San Salvador Island.

The Spanish forced much of the Lucayan population to move to Hispaniola. They were used for forced labor. This and the exposure to foreign infectious disease led to most of the population of the Bahamas dying. Smallpox alone wiped out half of the population in what is now the Bahamas.

In 1670, King Charles II rented out the islands to the Carolinas, along with rights of trading, tax, and governing the country. During this time, the Bahamas became a haven for pirates, including the infamous Blackbeard. To restore proper government, Britain made the Bahamas a crown colony in 1718. The first governor was Woodes Rogers.

After the American War of Independence, the British resettled some 7,300 Loyalists and their slaves in the Bahamas from New York, Florida, and the Carolinas. The first group of loyalists left St. Augustine in East Florida in September 1783. These Loyalists established plantations on several islands. British Americans were outnumbered by the African-American slaves they brought with them, and ethnic Europeans remained a minority in the territory.
On 10 July 1973 The Bahamas gains full independence within British Commonwealth.

Nearly 500,000 people live in The Bahamas. The ethnic groups of the population is: 82% African descent 15% European & Mixed descent 3% Asian and other.
The official language of the Bahamas is English, but they also speak a local dialect called Bahamianese. The Bahamian dialect is based based on the West Country England accents along with South Hiberno English dialects with strong influences from West African languages.

In 1864 the Governor of the Bahamas reported that there were 29 islands, 661 cays, and 2,387 rocks in the colony.

The closest island to the United States is Bimini. The southeasternmost island is Inagua. The largest island is Andros Island. Nassau, capital city of The Bahamas, is on the island of New Providence.

All the islands are low and flat. The highest point in the country is Mount Alvernia on Cat Island. It is high.

The climate of The Bahamas is subtropical to tropical. The Gulf Stream can be very dangerous in the summer and autumn. This is when hurricanes pass near or through the islands. Hurricane Andrew hit the northern islands during the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Floyd hit most of the islands during the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season.

There has never been a freeze reported in The Bahamas. The temperature can fall as low as .

The Bahamas are divided into 32 districts and the town of New Providence.

The districts are:
The Bahamas does not have an army or an air force. The Royal Bahamas Defence Force (RBDF) is the navy. The Defence Force has a fleet of 26 coastal and inshore patrol craft along with 2 aircraft and over 850 personnel including 65 officers and 74 women.



Vanuatu

Vanuatu is a country in the Pacific Ocean. The official languages of Vanuatu are Bislama, English and French. In 2020, 300,019 people lived in Vanuatu. The capital of Vanuatu is Port Vila. The country was ruled as a colony by England and France. It got its independence in 1980. During the colonial time, it was named the "New Hebrides" or "Nouvelles Hebrides".

Evidence shows, that people lived in Vanuatu by 1300 BC. Portuguese explorer Pedro Fernández de Quirós first discovered the islands in 1606. British explorer, navigator James Cook discovered the islands in 1774. Cook mapped the islands and named them "New Hebrides".

Vanuatu is an island archipelago. It has about 82 small islands. The islands were made from volcanoes. People live on 65 of the islands. There is about north to south distance between the outermost islands. Two of the islands (Matthew and Hunter) are also claimed by France. Fourteen of Vanuatu's islands are larger than .

The highest point in Vanuatu is Mount Tabwemasana, at , on the island of Espiritu Santo.

Even though it has tropical forests, Vanuatu has a small number of plant and animal species. There are no large mammals. The 19 species of native reptiles include the flowerpot snake, found only on Efate. The Fiji Banded Iguana ("Brachylophus fasciatus") was introduced as a feral animal in the 1960s. There are 11 species of bats and 61 species of land and water birds.

The region is rich in sea life. There are more than 4,000 species of marine molluscs. Coneshell and stonefish carry poison that will kill humans. The giant East African land snail arrived only in the 1970s but already has spread from the Port-Vila region to Luganville.

There are three or possibly four adult saltwater crocodiles living in Vanuatu's mangroves and no current breeding population. It is said the crocodiles reach the northern part of the islands after cyclones. This is because of the island chain's closeness to the Solomon Islands and New Guinea, where crocodiles are very common.

The national dish of Vanuatu is the lap lap.

There are six provinces in Vanuatu. They are Malampa, Penama, Sanma, Shefa, Tafea and Torba.

Some of the cities are:

Adele Willie is a sports commentator. 

Jack

Jack is a male given name. It might also mean:


Stuff

Stuff is a mass of many things listed below, matter, or events.


In computing:

In sports:

Crayola

Crayola is an American brand of crayons and other writing and drawing utensils, such as markers, chalk and colored pencils. The company used to be called "Binney & Smith Company". It is based in Northampton, Massachusetts. Since 1984, it has been owned by the company Hallmark Cards.

Crayola is brand of crayons and other writing and drawing utensils, such as markers, chalk and colored pencils made by the Binney & Smith Inc. company, which is part of the card company Hallmark.

Binney and Smith made industrial products before 1900, but in 1903 started to make Crayola crayons. The name came from a word used by the wife of Mr. Binney. The first box had eight colors: blue, green, red, yellow, black, brown, orange and violet. They became well known because they were the best crayons at that time. Later, the company made more products, including boxes of 48, 64, 96, 120 and 200 Crayons, colored pencils and markers.

The following is a list of colors included in the 12, 24, 36, 50 and 64 packs of Crayola's standard colored pencils. Color values are approximate. Colored Pencils from "Guppie Green" to "UFO Green" are 14 of the ultra-cool and super-hot colored pencils that were issued in July 2010.

The following is a complete list of colors included in the 12, 24, 36, 50, 60, and 100 packs of Crayola's standard colored pencils. Color values are approximate.

The year of the introduction of the 12, 24, 36, 50, 60, and 100 packs of colored pencils is unknown.

The current 100 pack has the 60 pack colors with 40 colors doubled, but 100 packs produced in 2014 or earlier include the 45 additional colors, but 5 colors are removed: Gold, Silver, Metallic Blue, Metallic Bronze, and Metallic Copper.

98 colors are on this list, there may be a few missing, but the list is mostly complete. Just like with the crayons, some colors have since been retired.

Art markers come in 40 colors. This is all 40 colors.

Ringo Starr

Sir Richard Starkey (born 7 July 1940), known professionally as Ringo Starr, is an English actor and musician. He is known as a former member of the Beatles.

He joined the group in 1962 as a replacement for their first drummer Pete Best. He quickly became well-liked and very popular. He sang lead on some of the band's songs including "Yellow Submarine", "Act Naturally", "Don't Pass Me By", and "Octopus's Garden".

After the group broke up he became a solo artist; his songs included "It Don't Come Easy", "Photograph" (written with George Harrison), "You're Sixteen" (featuring Paul McCartney and Harry Nilsson), and "Only You (And You Alone)" (with John Lennon and again with Nilsson). Ringo sang "I Want To Be A Powerpuff Girl" for the children's television show "The Powerpuff Girls".

Starr acted in several movies aside from the ones he did with the Beatles, including "The Magic Christian" (1969), "That'll Be The Day" (1973), "Caveman" (1980), and the role of Mr. Conductor on the children's show "Shining Time Station", during its first season (1989), the Comedian George Carlin later took over the role.

He also narrated the children's show "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" for the first two seasons (1984-1986).

He also made a movie with the Beatles called "A Hard Day's Night" in 1964.

Since the 1990s, Ringo has toured with "Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band". The band consists of Ringo and members that regularly change, usually, the members are either famous musicians, or musicians that have been associated with Ringo, The Beatles and/or the members of the band.



Oslo

Oslo is the capital city of Norway. It is Norway's largest city, with a population of people in 2023. The area near the city has a total population of . The city government of Oslo and the county are the same thing.

The city is a big place for economy and culture. A lot of important institutions are in Oslo. Some of these are the Norwegian government and parliament, the University of Oslo and Ullevål Stadion, which is the stadium of Norway's soccer team. The city also has many museums, theaters and concert venues. Some good cultural places are Frogner Park, the Oslo Opera House, the National Museum and the National Theatre. Travelling inside the city is easy with public transportation. Using tram, subway and bus is easy.

Oslo is a very expensive city, with high prices in bars and restaurants, as well as high prices for houses and apartments.

Oslo has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

The Saga of Norwegian Kings (written by Snorre Sturlason) says that king Harald III Sigurdsson founded Oslo around 1048. Recent excavations have found Christian graves from before 1000. Because of these two facts, Oslo celebrated its 900-year anniversary in 1950 and its 1000-year anniversary in 2000.

One of the more famous landmarks in Oslo is Akershus Fortress. It was first built around 1290. Oslo was destroyed in fire in 1624, and the fortress was rebuilt closer to Akershus Fortress by the order of King Christian IV of Norway. The king gave the new city the name Christiania, which later also written as Kristiania. In 1925 the name of the city was changed back to Oslo.



Lincoln Thompson

Lincoln Thompson (June 18, 1949 - January 23, 1999) was a Jamaican reggae musician, songwriter and Rastafarian. He spent 2 years in the Tartans as a teenager before working under Coxsone Dodd in the early 1970s. In 1974 he released his first record, "Humanity". The album had popular singles but it did not sell many copies until Thompson made a deal with Ballistics Records, a part of the record label United Artists, in 1979. This album was released commercially and there were 2 other albums recorded with Ballistics. These albums were recorded in 1979 and 1980. "Experience" was recorded in Jamaica. The next album, "Natural Wild", was recorded in England with Joe Jackson. Ballistics went bankrupt, and Thompson returned to Jamaica. There, he recorded the album, "Ride with the Rasses" in 1982. The next year, he took his family to live in London where he recorded a 5th album, "Rootsman Blues". He then set up an Ital grocery shop named "The Rasses Fish and Grocery Store" in London. Thanks to an American sponsor, a 6th album came out in 1996, called "21st century". He died in 1999 of cancer.


Tom Hanks

Tom Hanks (born July 9, 1956) is an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter, and writer.

Many of Hanks' early movies were comedies. He was made famous by his roles in "Splash" and "Big". He made his way into drama with "A League of Their Own" and "Philadelphia". He combined the two genres with "Forrest Gump". Hanks has starred in many more famous movies since, including "Apollo 13", "Saving Private Ryan", "Toy Story" (only his voice was used), "Cast Away", "The Terminal", "The Da Vinci Code", "The Green Mile", "Captain Phillips", "Sully", "Bridge of Spies" and "The Post".

Hanks played Fred Rogers in Marielle Heller's biographical movie "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood" (2019), a role which earned him a Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations.

In 2022, Hanks played Colonel Tom Parker in the Elvis Presley biopic "Elvis". That same year, he also played Geppetto in the Disney live-action remake "Pinocchio".

Hanks has won several awards for acting. He won both a Golden Globe and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Philadelphia". He also won a Golden Globe, an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a People's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in "Forrest Gump".

In 2014, he received a Kennedy Center Honor and, in 2016, he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama, as well as the French Legion of Honor.

For his role in "Saving Private Ryan", Hanks was honored as an honorary member of the United States Army Rangers Hall of Fame.

In December 2019, he was naturalized as an honorary Greek citizen by the President of Greece.

On March 12, 2020, Hanks announced that he and his wife Rita had tested positive for COVID-19 while shooting "Elvis" in Australia.

Sir Mix-A-Lot

Sir Mix-a-Lot (born Anthony Ray on August 12, 1963) is an American rapper and producer.

His style of music is called "hip-hop." He was born in Seattle, Washington. He is best known for his hit song "Baby Got Back". That song has catchy phrases and cheap humor, and it talks about liking women with big buttocks. This made it popular in the United States during the 1990s.

Sir Mix-a-Lot is not actually a peer of the realm but has assumed the title 'Sir' for humorous or ironic effect.


Dick York

Dick York (September 4, 1928 – February 20, 1992) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Darren Stephens on the television series "Bewitched". York left the series in 1969 and was replaced by Dick Sargent.

James Earl Jones

James Earl Jones (born on January 17, 1931) is an American actor. He is famous for doing the voice of Darth Vader in the "Star Wars" movies, for doing the voice of Mufasa in "The Lion King" and in the 2019 remake, and for the CNN tagline ("This...is CNN"). He starred in "Lincoln Portrait" which has music by Aaron Copland.

Jones has won two Tony Awards for his live theatre work on Broadway. He won an Emmy Award for his role on the television series "Gabriel's Fire".

He is a son of actor Robert Earl Jones.


Calvin and Hobbes

"Calvin and Hobbes" is a comic strip by Bill Watterson about a boy called Calvin and a tiger called Hobbes. When Calvin looks at Hobbes, he sees a real tiger. However, everyone else sees Hobbes as a toy. This comic began in 1985 and has been in over 2,400 newspapers. Readers bought almost 23 million Calvin and Hobbes books.

In the comic, Calvin spends a lot of time with Hobbes. In pictures with only Calvin and Hobbes in them, Hobbes looks like a cartoon tiger. He stands on two legs. In pictures with any other person, Hobbes looks like a stuffed animal. Calvin meets Hobbes in the first story. Calvin catches him with a string and a tuna fish sandwich as bait. Calvin and Hobbes have all sorts of trouble and adventures. The comic strip continued from November 18, 1985 until December 31, 1995.

Calvin is a 6-year-old boy. He is named after a religious thinker, or theologian, John Calvin. His last name is never in the comic.

Calvin often pretends, and he has a powerful imagination. He also does things without thinking. He is often very excited and is curious about everything. Sometimes he is selfish and rude. Calvin does not get good grades in school, but he knows very many complex words that usually only adults know. "You know how Einstein got bad grades as a kid?" he says. "Well, mine are even worse!"

Calvin usually wears a shirt with red stripes on it. He has blond hair that stands up on his head. Watterson has described Calvin this way:

In classic comic tradition of sidekicks, Hobbes is like Calvin's 'good side' because he is more mature and makes smarter decisions than Calvin does. When Calvin does something like throw a snowball at a girl, Hobbes will say "You think she's cute, right?"

From most characters' point of view, Hobbes is Calvin's stuffed tiger. However, from Calvin's point of view, Hobbes is as alive and real just like other characters in the comic strip. He is named after 17th century philosopher Thomas Hobbes, who had what Watterson called "a dim view of human nature." Hobbes is much more alert and aware of the bad things that can happen than Calvin is. But, he does not stop Calvin's trouble making. All that he really does is warn him. Calvin will be the one to get in trouble for doing something wrong, not Hobbes. Hobbes also likes to surprise Calvin. He approaches him quietly and then jumping on Calvin. Calvin hates this.

From Calvin's point of view, Hobbes is a real, intelligent, loyal, and cunning tiger, much larger than Calvin and full of his own attitudes and ideas. But when the view changes to any other character, readers see merely a little stuffed tiger. Watterson explains it like this:

Although the first strips clearly show Calvin capturing Hobbes by means of a trap (with tuna fish as the bait), a later comic (August 1, 1989) seems to imply that Hobbes is, in fact, older than Calvin, and has been around with him his whole life. Watterson decided that it was not important to explain how Calvin and Hobbes had first met.

Calvin's mom and dad are mostly American middle-class parents; like many other characters in the strip, their relatively realistic and sensible manners act as a contrast to Calvin's childish and selfish behavior. Both parents go through the entire strip without names. They are only called "Mom" and "Dad", or nicknames such as "hon" and "dear." Watterson has never given Calvin's parents names "because as far as the strip is concerned, they are important only as Calvin's mom and dad." This ended up being somewhat problematic when Calvin's Uncle Max was in the strip for a week and could not refer to the parents by name, and was one of the main reasons that Max never reappeared.

Susie Derkins, the only character in the strip with both first and last names, is a classmate of Calvin who lives in his neighborhood. She first appeared early in the strip as a new student in Calvin's class. Unlike Calvin, she is polite and very smart and eager to improve in her studies and grades at school, and her imagination usually seems mild-mannered and calm, consisting of a standard young girls' games such as playing house or having tea parties with her stuffed animals. Her approach to these games is arguably more modern, however, some might say even skeptical. (In a game of "house" she usually casts herself as the traditional working wife while Calvin is the lousy and useless husband or some version similar to that.) "Derkins" was the nickname of Watterson's wife's family beagle, and he liked the name so much he named this character after it. As much as either of them hate to admit, Calvin and Susie have quite a bit in common. (Susie is shown on occasion with a stuffed rabbit known as "Mr. Bun," and Calvin always has Hobbes.)

Watterson admits that Calvin and Susie have a bit of a wild crush on each other (Said by Calvin, "It's shameless the way we flirt."), and that Susie is inspired by the type of women Watterson himself finds attractive (which has led to speculation that Susie is based on Watterson's wife). Her relationship with Calvin, though, is frequently conflicted, and never really becomes sorted out, and the closest things are times when Calvin sends dead flowers and hate-mail as Valentine's Day gifts for his own enjoyment. (She feels he likes her enough to send her that gift, and he rejoices in her noticing.)

Sometimes Hobbes does something to attract Susie's romantic attention. He is often successful and this makes Calvin angry and jealous. Although on the surface these events take the form of Hobbes teasing Calvin and showing off his charms, they may be Calvin's way to disguise his own crush on Susie, by pretending that it is Hobbes' crush instead.

Moe is a bully, "a six-year-old who shaves" who is always pushing Calvin against walls, forcing to give him to give away his lunch money, and calling him "Twinky." Moe is the only regular character who speaks in an unusual font: his (frequently monosyllabic) dialogue is shown in rough, lower-case letters. Watterson describes Moe as "every jerk I've ever known." And while Moe is not smart, he is, as Calvin puts it, streetwise. That means, as Calvin says, "he knows what street he lives on".

Miss Wormwood is Calvin's bored and depressed teacher, named after the apprentice devil in C.S. Lewis's "The Screwtape Letters". She continuously wears polka-dotted dresses, and serves like others as a foil to Calvin's rude behavior. Calvin's response to the boring studies of schoolwork is endless dreams of his imagination. She is eagerly waiting to retire, taking a large amount of medication, and is apparently a heavy smoker and alcohol drinker.

Although time does change in the Calvin and Hobbes universe, which is mostly seen in the changing of the season, Calvin (and Susie) returns to Ms. Wormwood's first-grade class every fall.

As usual, for an adult entering Calvin's world, Miss Wormwood sees things differently from Calvin. For example, when she talks to Calvin about his missing homework, Calvin's Spaceman Spiff persona sees her as a large slimy threatening snarling alien. "Slowly, carefully, Spiff draws his death-ray blaster".

Rosalyn is a teenage high school senior student and the person who watches Calvin whenever Calvin's parents go on a night out together. She is the only babysitter able to put up with Calvin's bad behavior, which she uses to demand raises and advance payment from Calvin's desperate parents. She is also, according to Watterson, the only person Calvin truly fears— certainly she is his equal in sneakiness, and is willing to play as dirty as he does. Rosalyn has a habit of sending him to bed at 6:30, which he refuses to do, and only makes more trouble. Rosalyn's boyfriend, Charlie, never appears in the strip, but calls her on the telephone sometimes. Calvin often cuts short these calls. Originally, she was created as a nameless, one-time only character with no plans to appear again; however, Watterson decided he wanted to keep her unique ability to scare Calvin, which led to many more appearances.

At one time during the strip shown in the book collection "The Revenge of the Babysat", Calvin's parents prepare to go out on a night with a dinner and a movie while leaving Calvin with Rosalyn. When he finds out she is coming, Calvin runs up to Hobbes and explains the situation. Later when Rosalyn appears, Calvin and Hobbes hear that Rosalyn needs to study for a big science test. They decide to ruin her studying. After Calvin's parents leave, Calvin approaches Rosalyn, curious about what she's doing. After slyly talking her away from her science notes, he quickly grabs them, runs to the bathroom door with Hobbes, and locks the door while Rosalyn yells from he outside demanding her notes back. Once they "flushed" her notes (in which they only pretended to and flushed an empty toilet). Moments later when the wonder if Rosalyn has gone, Calvin opens the door only to find Rosalyn pounce upon him and throw him to bed at 7 o'clock which Hobbes notes that they went to bed 30 minutes later than usual. The ending shows Calvin's parents coming back home to find Rosalyn charge extra money for the job while Calvin's parents argue if there's another babysitter in town.

During the winter, Calvin likes to make ugly or frightening snowmen when once Calvin created the "Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons". Also, his snowmen creations have had snowmen with missing or multiple heads, snowmen taking another's head for a bowling ball, and snowmen being "knocked over" by his family's car.

Also, Calvin frequently throws snowballs at Susie, most likely having himself being chased by Susie. Once Calvin (while in his "Stupendous Man" alter-ego) also made a gigantic snowball and dropped it at Susie while on top of a tree, as where Susie's mom described it as a "the size of a bowling ball".

The monsters under the bed are described as scary, octopus-tentacled shaped creatures that lived under Calvin's bed every time he went to sleep. Often, they would try to bribe Calvin to come under the bed by giving him a new toy or by urging Hobbes to push Calvin over in return for a fresh piece of salmon. According to Calvin he'd usually describe them as "all fangs and no brains". They often lie to Calvin when he asks "how many monsters are under my bed?, when they'd usually reply there's "only one" or "none and go to sleep". Although various monsters were known to exist under Calvin's bed, two named monsters "Maurice" and "Winslow" appeared and re-appeared during the strip's middle times.

Get Rid Of Slimy Girls is Calvin's anti-girl club. The club's goal is to annoy and bother girls, and Calvin's main target is Susie Derkins. The club has only two members, Calvin and Hobbes. Calvin is "supreme dictator-for-life" and Hobbes is the "first tiger". They two usually make plans like throwing water balloons or snowballs at Susie. Often these plans have a bad ending. However, every time G.R.O.S.S finishes a mission or meeting, they always get awards such as medals, honors, and promotions. Of course, the word "gross" also means disgusting.

Calvin hates school and homework so much. He usually tries to avoid them. His Mom always makes him ride the school bus even though he does not want to, and sometimes tries to run home and not go to class. In one Sunday comic strip, Calvin's imagination became so wild and creative that he imagined getting in a F-15 Eagle airplane and blasting his elementary school to pieces with many missiles.



Tony Randall

Tony Randall (February 26, 1920 – May 17 2004) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Felix Unger on the television series "The Odd Couple".

Lesbian

A lesbian is a homosexual woman. This means a woman who is sexually attracted to other women, and not to men. A woman who is sexually attracted to both women and men is bisexual or pansexual.

The word lesbian comes from Lesbos (), an island in Greece. An ancient poet, Sappho, lived on Lesbos. Sappho wrote mostly poems about love. Many of her love poems are written to women. So her name and the island where she lived make people think about women who love women. Sometimes lesbians are also called "Sapphists" from the name Sappho. Sapphic can be used as an umbrella term for love between women, regardless of their sexual or romantic orientation.

Lesbians were involved in the early feminist (a movement of women who want to be treated equally to men) movement. Feminism is the political and social movements that promote women's equality and rights. However, there was conflict between lesbians and straight (heterosexual) women in the feminist movement. In the 1960s and 1970s some straight (women who like men) feminists wanted the lesbians out of the women's rights movement. They wanted feminism to be accepted by society. They believed lesbians were less accepted by society and might hurt the feminist movement.

Eventually, the women's rights movement accepted its lesbian members. Now many important feminist leaders are out (out means that they make it known that they are lesbians) lesbians.

Many lesbian couples want to have children of their own. In order to raise children, they sometimes adopt. However some places do not allow homosexual couples to adopt children, so many of them want to be able to adopt children.

Some lesbian couples also have their own biological children. To do this they may have artificial insemination. This is when sperm from a donor male is placed in a woman to make a pregnancy. Some lesbian women do this at home with a friend they choose to be the donor. However many may use "sperm banks". These are medical businesses that match couples who need donor sperm with men who will donate. Sometimes this is done "anonymously" which means the couple does not know the donor. Sometimes this is done with the donor known and even chosen by the couple.

Unlike gay sex between males, lesbian sex is not against the law in as many places. Although, Abrahamic religions usually see gay as well as lesbian relations as immoral. Saint Paul in Epistle to the Romans 1:26 describes lesbianism as 'unnatural' and 'shameful'. There are some religions, however, mostly new religious movements that accept lesbian relations.

In most parts of the world lesbian couples cannot marry. This means they do not have the legal benefits and protection of marriage. This can cause lesbians, and gay men, many problems. Pedophilia committed by an adult lesbian upon an underage female may be a crime.


Maine

Maine is the northeast-most state in the United States. The capital is Augusta, although the city of Portland, farther south, is the largest in the state. Maine became the 23rd state, on March 15, 1820. It was previously a part of Massachusetts. Commercial Fishing, including lobster trapping, is a traditional and still vital part of the coastal economy. Tourism is a large industry in southern Maine because of its many beaches and picturesque coastal villages. Southern Maine is the part of the state that has the most people. Many other areas, to the North, are far more rural.

To the south and east is the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and northeast is New Brunswick, and the country of Canada. The Canadian province of Quebec is to the northwest. Maine is both the northernmost state in New England and the largest, accounting for nearly half the region's whole land area. Maine also has the distinction of being the only state to border just one other state (New Hampshire to the west). The municipalities of Eastport and Lubec are the easternmost city and town in the United States. Estcourt Station is Maine's northernmost point and also the northernmost point in the New England region of the United States.

Maine's "Moosehead Lake" is the biggest lake that is completely in New England (Lake Champlain is located between Vermont and New York, which is not considered part of New England). A number of other Maine lakes, like as South Twin Lake, are said by Thoreau. Mount Katahdin is both the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail, which to Springer Mountain, Georgia, and the southern of the new "International Appalachian Trail" which, when finished, will run to "Belle Isle", Newfoundland and Labrador.

Maine is the only state that shares its borders with only one other American state since it only borders New Hampshire and Canada.

Maine has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfb), with warm (although mostly not hot), humid summers. Winters are cold and snowy all over the state, and are mostly more severe in the northern parts of Maine. Coastal areas are moderated somewhat by the Atlantic Ocean. Daytime highs are mostly in the 75–80 °F (24–27 °C) range all over the state in July, with overnight lows in the high 50s°F (around 15 °C). January temperatures range from highs near 32 °F (0 °C) on the southern coast to overnight lows below 0 °F (−18 °C) in the far north.

Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms. By the time they reach the state, many have become and few hurricanes have made landfall in Maine. Maine has fewer days of thunderstorms than any other state east of the Rockies, with most of the state with less than 20 days of thunderstorms a year. Tornadoes are rare in Maine, about two per year, mostly happening in the southern part of the state.

In January 2009, a new record low temperature for the state was set at −50 °F, tying the New England record. The state's record high temperature is 105 °F, set in July 1911.

Humans have lived in Maine for many thousands of years. The Penobscot, Mi’kmaq, Maliseet, Passamaquoddy, and Penobscot Native American groups all lived there before Europeans found Maine.

Early during the colonial time, Maine was part of Massachusetts. It became its own state in 1820, the 23rd state in the United States of America. Its northern border with Canada was set in 1842.

As of 2008, Maine has an estimated population of 1,321,504, which is an increase of 6,520, or 0.5%, from the past year and an increase of 46,582, or 3.7%, since the year of 2000. This has a natural increase since the last census of 6,413 people (that is 71,276 births minus 64,863 deaths) and an increase because of "net migration" of 41,808 people into the state. Immigration from outside the United States made a net increase of 5,004 people, and migration within the country made a net increase of 36,804 people. The population density of the state is 41.3 people per square mile.

The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that Maine's total gross state product for 2007 was $48 billion. Its per capita personal income for 2007 was $33,991, 34th in the country.

People in Maine produce agricultural goods like poultry, eggs, dairy products, cattle, wild blueberries (the state makes 25% of all blueberries in North America, making it the largest blueberry maker in the world), apples, maple syrup and maple sugar. Aroostook County is known for its potato crops. Commercial fishing, once a mainstay of the state's economy, maintains a presence, mostly lobstering and groundfishing. Western Maine and springs are a big source of bottled water. Maine's company outputs make paper, lumber and wood products, electronic stuff, leather things, food products, textiles, and bio-technology. Naval shipbuilding and building remain key as well, with Bath Iron Works in Bath and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery. Naval Air Station Brunswick is also in Maine, and serves as a large support base for the U.S. Navy. However, the BRAC campaign recommended Brunswick's closing, despite a new government-funded effort to upgrade its facilities.

"Notes"


1884

1884 was a leap year.



Niuatoputapu

Niuatoputapu is an island in Tonga. It has a population of about 1200 people. Niuatoputapu is located in the north of the country, near to Samoa.

Samoa

The Independent State of Samoa is a country in the Pacific Ocean. It became independent from New Zealand in 1962. It has two islands, including Upolu and Savai'i. The capital of Samoa is Apia. It is on the island of Upolu. The head of the country is Va'aletoa Sualauvi II. 

The languages spoken in Samoa include Samoan and English. 

The sport that is most popular in Samoa is Rugby, and many Samoan people play Rugby.

Samoa was admitted to the United Nations on 18 September 1962.

A measles outbreak began in October 2019 and continued through December. As of December 28, there were 81 deaths out of 5667 cases. 

Samoa has eleven political districts. These are called "itūmālō". These are the traditional eleven districts that were made well before European arrival.

Samoa is south of the equator. It is about halfway between Hawai‘i and New Zealand in the Polynesian part of the Pacific Ocean. The main island of Upolu is home to nearly three-quarters of Samoa's people

The two large islands of Upolu and Savai'i are 99% of the total land area. There are eight small islets. These are the three islets in the Apolima Strait: Manono Island, Apolima and Nu'ulopa. There are four Aleipata Islands off the eastern end of Upolu. They are: Nu'utele, Nu'ulua, Namua, and Fanuatapu. And there is Nu'usafe'e.

East of Samoa is a group of islands called American Samoa. They are part of the United States, but they are similar to the country Samoa, because they also speak Samoan.

Samoa used to be east of the international date line. In 2011, the line changed, so that Samoa would be to the west of the date line. This change took effect on the night of 29 December. Friday was skipped altogether and the following day was Saturday 31 December. 

Samoa has 194,320 people. 92.6% are Samoans, 7% Euronesians (people of mixed, European and Polynesian ancestors) and 0.4% are Europeans.

Religion in Samoa includes the following: Christian Congregational Church of Samoa 35.5%, Roman Catholic 19.6%, Methodist 15%, Latter-day Saints 12.7%, Samoan Assemblies of God 10.6%, Seventh-day Adventist 3.5%, Worship Centre 1.3%, unspecified 0.8%.There is also about 522 Jehovah's Witnessses in Samoa since 1931. Samoa has one of seven Bahá'í Houses of Worship in the world. It is in Tiapapata.
Many people say that Samoan people are related to Māori people because lots of the language words are very similar to Maori language.

As with other Polynesian cultures (Hawai'ian, Tahitian and Māori), Samoans have two gender specific and culturally important tattoos. For males, it is called the Pe'a, It is intricate and geometrical patterns tattooed on areas from the knees up towards the ribs. A male who has such a tatau is called a soga'imiti. A Samoan girl or "teine" is given a malu. It covers the area from just below her knees to her upper thighs.

Davy Jones (musician)

David Thomas "Davy" Jones (December 30, 1945 – February 29, 2012) was an English singer and actor. He was born in Manchester, England. 

His father wanted him to be a jockey, but he wanted to be a performer. He appeared in the television programme, "Coronation Street" and in the London and Broadway versions of "Oliver!". In 1966, he joined The Monkees, a musical group created for a television series of the same name. The series was cancelled in 1968 and the group disbanded in 1970. 

Jones continued to perform until his death from a heart attack caused by atherosclerosis in 2012 in Stuart, Florida.

Michael Nesmith

Robert Michael Nesmith (December 30, 1942 – December 10, 2021) was an American musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman and philanthropist.

Nesmith was born in Dallas, Texas on December 30, 1942. His mother, Bette Nesmith Graham invented Liquid Paper in 1951 and made the family very rich.

In the 1960s, Nesmith moved to Los Angeles to start a recording career. He wrote the song "Different Drum" which was a hit for Linda Ronstadt and the Stone Poneys. In 1966, he became a member of the Monkees, a made-for-TV rock band. He left the group in 1969 and started a solo career.

Nesmith is considered one of the forefathers of the country-rock movement of the 1970s with his song "Joanne".He produced albums such as loose salute and magnetic south with the first national band. Nesmith was known for his diamond suit, hat and cowboy boots that are currently on display at the country hall of fame. He also worked as a producer and is considered one of the pioneers of the music video industry. Nesmith's 1981 video-movie "Elephant Parts" won the first Grammy Award for a music video

Nesmith died from heart failure at his home in Carmel Valley, California on December 10, 2021, at the age of 78.

Peter Tork

Peter Halsten Thorkelson (February 13, 1942 – February 21, 2019), better known as Peter Tork, was an American actor and musician. He was born in Washington, D.C. He started as a folk musician in Greenwich Village. In 1966, he became famous as a member of The Monkees. He was recommended for the group by his friend Stephen Stills. Shortly after The Monkees television series ended 1968, he left the band. He played with the other members of the group at times, but often played with his own bands and tours.

Tork died on February 21, 2019 in Mansfield, Connecticut, aged 77. He suffered from a rare form of throat cancer in the years before his death.

Micky Dolenz

George Michael Dolenz, Jr. (born March 8, 1945), better known as Micky Dolenz is an American actor, singer, director, and voice artist. He is most famous as a member of The Monkees.

Goldstar beer

Goldstar is an Israeli beer that has been brewed in Israel since the 1950s.
It is defined as a Munich-style beer. Goldstar contains 4.9% alcohol.

Dominique de Villepin

Dominique Marie François René Galouzeau de Villepin (born November 14, 1953), simply known as Dominique de Villepin, was Premier (or Prime Minister) of France from 31 May 2005 to 17 May 2007. He was made Premier by Jacques Chirac after the French President removed Jean-Pierre Raffarin from the premiership. Raffarin failed to gain the support of the French people for the European Constitution.

Dominique de Villepin said that his government's most important task would be job creation. He knew that the French people were concerned about the condition of the French economy. This was one of the reasons they had voted against the European Constitution in the referendum on 29 May 2005.

On 15 May 2007, the last full day of President Jacques Chirac's term, Villepin gave his resignation from the office of Prime Minister and it was accepted by the President. He was replaced two days later by François Fillon.

Francis Drake

Vice Admiral Sir Francis Drake (1540 – 27 January 1596) was an English sea captain, privateer, navigator, slaver, and politician of the Elizabethan era. He was born in Tavistock and grew up in Kent, where he learned to be a sailor. Soon he was a shipmaster (captain). Queen Elizabeth I awarded Drake a knighthood in 1581, which he received on the Golden Hind in Deptford. He was second-in-command of the English fleet against the Spanish Armada in 1588. He also carried out the second circumnavigation of the world, from 1577 to 1580 during which he attacked towns of the Spanish Empire. He had always been a powerful enemy to the Spanish.

He died of dysentery in January 1596 after he had unsuccessfully attacked San Juan, Puerto Rico.

His exploits were legendary. He was a hero to the English but a pirate to the Spaniards. King Philip II was reported to have offered a reward of 20,000 ducats, today worth about £4,000,000 (about US $6,500,000) for him to be killed.

House of Commons of the United Kingdom

The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It is made up of Members of Parliament elected by the people. Sometimes it is called the 'lower house'. (The 'upper house' is called the House of Lords.) Other countries also have a bicameral parliament with a House of Commons working in the same way.

In the British parliament, there are 650 Members of Parliament or MPs. Each MP represents a constituency, which covers an area of the country. The people of each constituency vote at a general election or a by-election to choose one person to represent them in the House of Commons. Usually, the people choose someone who belongs to a political party. When all the parties get together, the party or coalition with the most members is the government and runs the country. The leader of that party is called the Prime Minister. 

The House of Commons hold their meetings in the Palace of Westminster. Their chief officer is the Speaker of the House, who is elected by MPs. The current Speaker is Lindsay Hoyle, who was elected in 2019. The Clerk of the House of Commons is the Principal Adviser to the Speaker. The Serjeant-at-Arms is in charge of the security.

Wank

Wank is a mountain in the Bavarian Alps, by Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany, close to the Austrian border.
Wank is 1780m tall, and has a cable car, the "Wankbahn", which takes people almost all the way to the top. Near the peak, there is an inn called the "Wankhaus" which was built in 1911 that allows people to spend the night.

1685

Year 1685 was a common year that started on a Monday when using the Gregorian calendar.





Hank Aaron

Henry Louis Aaron (February 5, 1934 – January 22, 2021) was a professional baseball player who played right field. He played baseball professionally for 22 years and hit 755 home runs. Even though he has 755 home runs in his career, he never hit 50 or more in a season. He was selected for 25 All-Star games. He was put into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982. 

Hank Aaron was born in Mobile, Alabama. He died on January 22, 2021, two weeks before his 87th birthday, in Atlanta.


Vishnu

Vishnu is the supreme godhead of Vaishnavism and Hinduism (Para Brahman or Nirguna Brahman) in puranas and vedas. He is called "Swambhagwan" in the Ramayana and Mahabharata. Vishnu is one of the three main gods in Hinduism and is the supreme being in the Vaishnava tradition and vishnu is a member of the Trimurti in Hinduism.

Vishnu is the god of preservation. This means that he protects the universe from being destroyed. It is believed that Vishnu holds the Earth and all living organisms. According to the Hindu religion, he has set foot and arrived on the Earth in nine forms called avatars, so far with one incarnation yet to come that is Kalki at the last to be Kali Yuga, to destroy evil. His most famous incarnations are Rama, Krishna, Parashurama, and Narasimha!

Vishnu holds a lotus, or "Padma," the indestructible mace of Vishnu (Kaumodaki), a conch (Shankha), and the unstoppable disc of Vishnu (Sudarshana Chakra) in each of his four hands. He is known to take many disguises, but the three main forms of Vishnu are Mahavishnu Karanodakshayi Vishnu (Mahavishnu), Garbhodaksayi Vishnu, and Kshirodakashayi Vishnu, the other two are the expansions of Karanodakshayi Vishnu.

There are 10 avatars of Vishnu (in the order they appeared):
The diverse branches of the Hindu Tradition accept the ninth form of Vishnu as the following:

Vishnu holds items in his four hands. He holds a conch in the upper left hand, which represents "victory". He holds the Sudarshan Chakra in the upper right hand, which represents "spiritual energy". In his lower left hand, a lotus (flower) represents "peacefulness", and in his lower right hand, the Kaumodaki represents "Vishnu"'s "powers".

The Kodlamane Shree Vishnumurthy Temple is dedicated to Vishnu and is the ancient Tirth Kshetra. There is no other place like this anywhere in Brahamanda.

Vishnu has omniverse manipulation, absolute manipulation, meta manipulation, and preservation. As the preserver, Vishnu can control anything and everything. The power to protect everything from anything is the reason he is also called the supreme protector of his devotees.

Absolute destruction: In the Vishnu purana, Vishnu is also described as the creator, destroyer, and preserver. As the destroyer, he can even destroy infinity or the omniverse.

Omniverse creation or absolute creation: As the creator in the Vishnu Purana, Vishnu has the power to create everything, even infinity and beyond. The power to have limitless power upon seeing the Supreme form of Vishnu. Arjuna describes him as having infinite prowess or power.

Omnipotence : Vishnu has the power to do absolutely everything, even creating something that is bigger than infinity itself. In chapter 11 of the Bhagavad Gita, Krishna/Vishnu shows Arjuna everything—all creation: time, space, past, present, future, the omniverse, fictional and real human beings, and more. It is beyond human imagination to actually comprehend it.

Omniscience: the power to have infinite wisdom experience and knowledge.

Omnipresent: The power to be everywhere at every time including beyond the omniverse in both past present and future. When Krishna/Vishnu shows his Supreme appearance, it is described being everywhere, yet people can't see it because they don't have the divine vision. Only Maharishis/sages, gods, Sanjaya, and Arjuna are able to see this Vishvarupa.

Formless: Vishnu's true form is described as formless, infinite, boundless, inapplicable, without shape and color, according to Vishnu Purana.

Absolute immortality: Chapter 1 of Vishnu purana describes Vishnu being boundlessly above the concept of death idea and life.

Absolute Transcendence/Being Above All Things: The Vishnu Purana also describes Vishnu as being above all descriptions such as logic, time, space, etc. He is an infinite dimensional being according to Vishnu Sahasranamam.

Money laundering

Money laundering is a process some criminals do to hide the money they make from crimes or political corruption, which is called "dirty money". Such dirty money needs to be "cleaned" so it looks like it came from legal sources, and banks can accept it without being suspicious on where it came from. Criminals also do money laundering to make it hard for the police to find out where the criminal got the money.

One way criminals launder money is by using the money earned from illegal activities to buy things (like gold and silver, shares or casino chips, other legitimate business activities like food or liquor stores) and then selling those things to get the money back. If a criminal buys and sells things many times it is hard for the police to find out where the criminal got the money.

Some countries have laws to try to stop money laundering. These laws help the police to find out when criminals try to do money laundering. Under the laws in some countries, business people must:

In 1989, some countries set up a group of people from different Governments to tell countries the best ways to stop money laundering. This organization is called the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering. The following countries have joined the Financial Action Task Force (FATF/GAFI):

In Canada money laundering is a serious issue. The government of Canada has allocated more than $70 million to fight money laundering.

The province of British Columbia announced it is holding a public inquiry into this issue.
10-BEST-WAYS-FOR-STUDENTS-TO-EARN-MONEY-ONLINE

Zeus

Zeus is the god of the sky, lightning, and the thunder in Ancient Greek religion and mythology, and ruler of all the gods on Mount Olympus. Zeus is the sixth child of Cronos and Rhea, king and queen of the Titans respectively. His father, Cronos, swallowed his children as soon as they were born for fear of a prophecy which foretold that one of them would overthrow him. When Zeus was born, Rhea hid him in a cave on Mount Ida in Crete, giving Cronos a stone wrapped in swaddling clothes to swallow instead. When Zeus was older he went to free his brothers and sisters; together with their allies, the Hekatonkheires and the Elder Cyclopes, Zeus and his siblings fought against the Titans in a ten-year war known as the Titanomachy. At the end of the war, Zeus took Kronos' scythe made of diamond and cut him into pieces, throwing his remains into Tartarus. He then became the king of gods. 

The supreme deity of the Greek pantheon, Zeus was universally respected and revered throughout Ancient Greece; the ancient Olympic Games were held at the site of Olympia every four years in honor of him. Highly temperamental, Zeus was armed with the mighty thunderbolt, said to be the most powerful weapon among the gods. Zeus was married to his sister, Hera, though he was infamous for his infidelity, taking on an almost innumerable amount of lovers and consorts, both mortal and divine including Karis and Hercules' mother. Zeus was known for throwing thunderbolts at people. 

The god of honor and justice, Zeus was the one who both established and enforced law, and served as the standard for kings to follow, ensuring they did not abuse the power of their position. His symbols were the thunderbolt, a scepter, an oak tree, and the eagle and bull were his sacred animals. His Roman equivalent is Jupiter. Zeus was the strongest Greek god, the ruler of all gods. He also had a lot of children that he was not supposed to have.


Evolutionary biology

Evolutionary biology is a subfield of biology that studies how species start and change over time; or in other words, how species evolve. Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist.
Evolutionary biology became an academic subject as a result of the modern evolutionary synthesis in the 1930s and 1940s. It was not until the 1970s and 1980s that universities had departments which used the term "evolutionary biology" in their titles.

As a result of the rapid growth of molecular and cell biology, many universities have split their biology departments into "molecular and cell biology"-style departments and "ecology and evolutionary biology"-style departments. These have absorbed older departments such as paleontology, zoology, botany and the like.


1695

1695 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.



1767

1767 was a common year.



Mozilla Firefox

Mozilla Firefox (branded and simply known as Firefox) is a free and open source web browser that is made by the Mozilla Foundation and its subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation. It works on common operating systems, such as Windows, macOS, Linux and Android. With Firefox, browsing features can be added or removed and users can customize Firefox to fit their needs. This was done to make Firefox safe and simple to use.

On most operating systems, Firefox uses the Gecko layout engine to load web pages, which uses up-to-date web standards. However, Firefox for iOS, which was released in late 2015, does not use Gecko due to Apple's restrictions which only allow third-party web browsers to use the WebKit-based layout engine that is built into iOS.

Firefox was created in 2002, under the name "Phoenix" by the Mozilla community members who wanted a standalone browser rather than a bundle of different Mozilla applications. Even in its beta phase, Firefox proved to be popular with its testers and was praised for its speed, security, and add-ons compared to Microsoft's then-popular Internet Explorer 6. Firefox was released in November 2004 and was highly successful with 60 million downloads within nine months, marking the first time that Internet Explorer's popularity was being challenged. Firefox is considered the spiritual successor of Netscape Navigator since the Mozilla community was created by Netscape in 1998.

Firefox 3.0, while it was being made, was given the name "Gran Paradiso". Like other Firefox development names, "Gran Paradiso" is an actual place; in this case, it is the second-highest mountain group in the Graian Alps.

In 2006, the development team asked people who used Firefox to submit ideas for features in Firefox 3.

NetApplications says that the use of Firefox 3 had been going up quickly to a usage share of 23.75% in September 2009. They believe that this means that Firefox 3 is stable and that users are making it their main browser.

The date for the launch of Firefox 3 was June 17, 2008, named "Download Day 2008." Firefox was aiming to set the record for most Firefox downloads in 24 hours. As of June 18, 2008, more than 6.88 million people have downloaded Firefox 3.

Many people tried going to the Mozilla website on June 17, making it unavailable for at least a few hours. The site was not updated for the download of Firefox 3 until 12:00 PDT. "Download Day" ended at 11:16 AM PDT June 18. Firefox 3 has been downloaded 28,340,281 different times.

Features include tabbed browsing, spell checking, incremental find, live bookmarking, Smart Bookmarks, a download manager, private browsing, location-aware browsing (also known as "geolocation") based on a Google service, and an integrated search system.

Extensions let a user add new things to the browser or change how it does something. They are created by other users. Because extensions are able to access all parts of the computer that Firefox can, extensions that can harm a computer could be made. However, the extension can only change system settings if you have administrator privileges.

Firefox also has themes or skinning which change the way the browser looks to the user. Some themes that can make Firefox look like other browsers, such as Internet Explorer and Netscape.

Tabbed browsing is a feature used in the browser where many webpages can be opened in one window, with labeled tabs on top to select the webpage. To make a new empty tab, type control-T.

There is a search box in Firefox that can be seen in the top right corner of the window. When someone using Mozilla Firefox types something in the search box and presses enter, the browser will search the Internet using a search engine like Google or Yahoo!.
There are ""search suggestions"" in Firefox 2. When words are typed in the search box, suggested words will appear. For example, if ""wiki"" is typed, the browser will suggest ""Wikipedia"".

Firefox can use spell checking, if a word is typed badly into a text box, like the one where someone changes a Wikipedia page, the program will underline the word that is spelled wrong with a red line. If you scroll over that word and right click, Mozilla Firefox will list words which use the right spelling. For example: the wrong word "chekc" will have "check" as a suggestion.

Firefox's international usage grew to 32% by the end of 2009. After the release of Google Chrome, Firefox's popularity began to decline. , Firefox has between 9% and 16% of worldwide usage as a desktop browser, making it the second most-popular web browser. Firefox continues to be the most popular browser in Cuba, Eritrea, and Germany, with 85.93%, 79.39%, and 38.36% of the market share, respectively. According to Mozilla, there were 170 million Firefox users around the world in December 2017. With Internet Explorer declining, Firefox has reached second place in April 2018 as a desktop browser, behind Google Chrome.

Mozilla Firefox has been given a number of awards by many organizations. These awards include:




Lenny Kravitz

Leonard Albert "Lenny" Kravitz (born May 26, 1964) is an American actor, rock singer, songwriter and musician. Some of his biggest hit songs include "It Ain't Over Til It's Over", "Again", and "Fly Away". He sung on "(I Can't Make It) Another Day" Michael Jackson's 2010 album "Michael". He also wrote and produced the song.

He is of African-American, Afro-Bahamian and Ashkenazi Jewish (from Russia and Ukraine) descent. His mother, Roxie Roker (1929-1995), was an actress on "The Jeffersons" in the 1970s and His daughter Zoë Kravitz who is also an actress.

The family of his father Sy Kravitz has Ukrainian roots.

He started his music career in the 1980's under the stage name "Romeo Blue". However, he did not hit mainstream success until the mid-1990's, with the release of his album “Circus" in 1995.


1900

1900 (MCM) was an exceptional common year starting on Monday in the Gregorian Calendar and a leap year starting on Saturday in the Julian Calendar. It was the last year of the 19th century. Also, the Gregorian calendar went up till 1923 and beyond. As of March 1 (O.S. February 17), when the Julian calendar acknowledged a leap day and the Gregorian calendar didn't, the Julian calendar fell one day further behind, bringing the difference to 13 days until February 28 (O.S. February 15), 2100. The year 1900 was also the year of the rat on the Chinese calendar. 
















Birdbox

A birdbox is a human-made, usually wooden box used as a house for birds. It is suitable as a bird home because it is similar to a natural bird home, such as a hollow tree, and birds often make nests inside birdboxes. Birdboxes are often put on trees. They are often made by people who are fond of birds, but they are also useful for studying birds. For domesticated birds, birdboxes are often used for breeding.

Most birdboxes feature a simple design with of six planks ordered in a cube, with a hole in a wall where birds can go in and out. Common additions include a small stick outside the hole on which birds can sit on, and a sloping roof to make rainwater run off. Some can however be highly detailed and decorated, depending on the maker's preferences. They can also be made from things like logs or gourds. They come in many sizes, depending on the size of the bird type the box is made for. Most birdboxes are small, but some, such as ones made for owls or parrots, can be quite large.

Although birdboxes are intended for birds, many other animals can inhabit them as well. Examples include bees that make beehives inside them, and squirrels.

Accent

An accent is the way a person speaks. 

Some people pronounce words differently. Often, in different countries that speak the same language the same words are pronounced in a different way. Usually they can be understood, but to listeners notice they sound different. This may, or may not, be a difficulty.

Sometimes, people will talk about someone's accent. They might say that the person has a German accent, or an Australian accent. An accent is the way you say the words. If you notice someone has (for example) a British accent, you can understand them (you know what they are saying), but also know they came from Britain.

The way a person says words usually comes from where the person was a child (where they "grew up", or their "home town") and the other people where the person lives. People learn how to say words and sentences and so they sound the same people near them when they speak.

People speaking the same language do have different accents. Even people in the same country may have different accents. Sometimes people can tell what city someone lived in when they were a child by the way that person speaks. One example is a New York City accent. They might say "bwoll" () instead of ball (normally in America), like used in sports and games; or they might say "hwot dwog" () instead of hot dog (normally or in that country). It sounds different, but people still know they mean "ball" or "hot dog" when they're talking.

When first trying to learn a new language, often a person will still have the old accent from their first language. That often allows other people to guess which country or place that person lived in before. 

If someone can learn another language well enough, someone may not have the old accent anymore and may get a new accent in the new language. If someone studied German in Austria, for example, people in Germany may think that person was Austrian.

Sometimes it can be confusing for people learning a language if there are more than one common accent. Perhaps it is better to learn the language with one accent so you can be less confused, and when you're good enough at the language, you can start to understand the different accents which people from different areas may have.

Regional accents were much stronger in the past. In virtually all countries the "regional accents were stronger in the past" than they are today. Even a small country like England had many dialects, which sounded almost like different languages.
The difference has been radio and television. The daily effect of hearing standard speech on the media has had an effect in reducing alternative regional pronunciation. People speak more like they hear on television, and this effect began about 1920 with the advent of radio.

Another effect has been that smaller languages have gradually got edged out, perhaps because children tend to copy the language they hear on television. If the local language is very different from the language on television, children may learn both. Welsh is a good example. There is television in Welsh, and many Welsh people can speak both Welsh and English. According to the region, one or the other is the preferred language for general conversation.

Louis Braille

Louis Braille (4 January 1809 - 6 January 1852) was a French inventor. He was born in . He invented the script braille system, which helps blind people to read. Braille is read by passing one's fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six raised points. It has been adapted to almost every known language. Numbers can be written normal in Braille and there are as well some short forms for common words.
Braille was the child of a leather maker. He was the youngest of four children. He had three older siblings, two sisters and a brother. He became blind at the age of three, because he accidentally stuck a stitching awl into one eye while he was in his father's workshop. At the time, there were no antibiotics, and soon his injured eye was infected. The infection spread to his other eye and soon, he became blind in both eyes. He went to the when he was 10. Braille was a good student, especially in science and music. Later, when he was an adult, he became a church organist. He was also a teacher at the Institute of Blind Youth. Braille died in Paris at the age of 43 of a disease called tuberculosis.

Marsupial

Marsupials are in the infraclass of mammals called the Metatheria. This is the marsupials and their extinct ancestors. There are about 320 different species today.

Marsupials give birth to living young. The young are called "joeys". The joeys feed on milk. They are born very small. 

Marsupials have a special pouch where they carry their joeys. After the birth the joey goes into its mother's pouch, where it can drink milk and is kept warm and safe. When the joeys are young they stay in the pouch all the time, but when they are older they can leave it for short times. When they are old enough and too big for the pouch they do not go into their mother's pouch anymore.

Marsupial development is about half-way between reptilian development and mammalian development. That is not to say anything about being "better". All three methods were very effective.

Marsupials evolved before the southern supercontinent Gondwana broke off from Pangaea 100 million years ago. Early marsupial fossils have been found in Asia, from 125 million years ago. 

They were outcompeted on Laurasia by placental mammals, but the placentals did not get into the Australasian part of Gondwana before it broke away into a separate supercontinent. That is why marsupials now found native only on the southern continents of Australasia. South and Central America, with the single exception of the "Virginia opossum". 

Some of the 100 living species of South American marsupials have migrated north: 13 species to Central America and one to North America. 

There are 334 species of living Australasian marsupials. They are mostly in Australia and New Guinea, and some are on the smaller islands.

In more recent times the land bridge between the Americas, and reintroductions to Australia, have brought in placental mammals. They have caused the recent extinction of many marsupial species.

Marsupials are relatively speechless. So we can place the development of mammalian speech to about 200 million years ago with the early placental mammals.


The extinct genus "Yalkaparidon" (Order Yalkaparidontia) is a bizarre fossil found in the Oligocene/Miocene deposits of Riversleigh, NE Australia. Its teeth are so strange that palaeontologists call it a 'Thingodont'.


The borhyaenids and the sabertooth "Thylacosmilus" are no longer considered to be marsupials. They are sparassodont metatherians, the sister group of the marsupials.


B. J. Thomas

Billy Joe "BJ" Thomas (August 7, 1942 – May 29, 2021) was an American country singer-songwriter. Thomas was born in Hugo, Oklahoma.

His most famous songs are "Hooked upon a feeling" and "Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head", which was in the movie "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid". He sang throughout the 1970s. He changed to Christian music in the 1980s. He won a Grammy Award for every year between 1977 until 1981.

In March 2021, Thomas announced that he was diagnosed with stage-4 lung cancer. He died from the disease on May 29, 2021 in Arlington, Texas at the age of 78.

Laws of war

The Laws of war are some simple rules or international law which most people accept about fighting out of humanitarianism. Many people think that because there is fighting, there should be no rules. This is called "total war". However, laws of war have been made so that wars do not get worse than they need to be.


These laws come from various treaties. Some of these treaties are:


Maharashtra

Maharashtra is a state in Western India. Its language is Marathi. It is the third biggest state of India by area and second biggest state in India based on population. Only one Indian state has more people (Uttar Pradesh). Mumbai is the capital of Maharashtra. Pune is the cultural and educational capital.

Maharashtra is in the west part of India. It is on the coast of the Arabian Sea. Six other states of India have borders with Maharashtra. It covers an area of . It is bigger than Italy, but smaller than Oman. In traditional Indian geography it falls under the West Indian zone.

Maharashtra has more business than any other state of India.

There are some well-known cave monuments like Ajanta and Ellora. The first oil mill is in Mumbai. Some of the crops grown in Maharashtra are Bajra, Jowar, Rice, Wheat, etc. The neighbouring States are Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Goa, and Chhattisgarh. Some of the famous food dishes in Maharashtra are Pav Bhaji, Vada pav, Misal pav, etc.

As per the 2011 India census, Around 79% of people in Maharashtra are Hindus, therefore Hinduism forms a major link in the culture of Maharashtra. There are many temples in Maharashtra and some of them are very old. The architecture of these temples is a mixture of architecture from North and South India. The temples also have ideas from Hindu, Buddhist and Jain cultures. Maharashtra has many forts like Raigad and Pratapgad which were very important in the early history of the Maratha Empire and also sea forts like the one at Sindhudurg. A famous dance form in Maharashtra is lavani. Maharashtra is split into five areas: Konkan, Paschim Maharashtra, Northern Maharashtra, Marathwada, and Vidarbha. Each of these regions has its own unique culture, including various dialects of the Marathi language, traditional songs, cuisine, clothing, and people.

The folk music of Maharashtra is mixed. 

An early piece of Marathi literature is Bhawarthadeepika (known as Dnyaneshwari) by Dnyaneshwar. The religious songs called bhajans by Dnyaneshwar, Tukaram, Namdev,chokhamela,Savta Mali are very popular. Modern Marathi literature also has some great poets and authors like Jyotirao Govindrao Phule, Savitribai Jyotirao Phule, Dr.Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, Anna Bhau Sathe, Namdev Dhasal, M.M. Deshmukh, P. L. Deshpande, Kusumagraj, Prahlad Keshav Atre and Vyankatesh Madgulkar. Many books are published every year in Marathi.

The theater, movies, and television in Maharashtra are mostly made in Mumbai, and the actors in each area (like television) can work in the others. Some important people in the movie industry are Dadasaheb Phalke, Dada Kondke, Ashok Saraf, Laxmikant Berde, Sachin Pilgaonkar, Mahesh Kothare and V. Shantaram. Early Marathi theatre had important playwrights (people who write plays) like Kolhatkar, Khadilkar, Deval, Gadkari and Kirloskar. They wrote musical plays called Sangeet Naatak. The music from those plays is called Natyasangeet. Important actors at this time were Bal Gandharva, Keshavrao Bhosle, Bhaurao Kolhatkar, and Dinanath Mangeshkar.

Some of the popular Marathi television channels are Mi Marathi and ETV Marathi. They have many kinds of shows: soap operas, cooking, travel, political satire, and game shows.

The food of Maharashtra is different in each place. The people in the Konkan region eat more rice and the ones near the ocean eat a lot of fish. In eastern Maharashtra, most people eat a lot of wheat, jowar, and bajra. Other important things people eat in Maharashtra are lentils, onions, tomatoes, potatoes, chilies, garlic, ginger, and aamras. Many people also eat chicken and mutton.

In the past, women wore a long sari (Nauvari saree) and men wore a dhoti or pajama with a shirt. Today, women in the cities often wear other clothes like Salwar kameez (dresses from the Punjab), and men in the cities wear trousers and a shirt.

Cricket is very popular in Maharashtra. Many people play it and many others watch it. Kabaddi is also popular. Children play Viti-Dandu and Pakada-pakadi (Tag).

Hindus in Maharashtra follow the Saka era calendar. Gudi Padwa, Diwali, Rangapanchami, Gokulashtami, and Ganeshotsav are some of the festivals that are celebrated in Maharashtra. Ganeshotsav is the biggest festival. Hindus celebrate it with reverence and festivity in Maharashtra and it has also become popular in other parts of India. The festival which lasts ten days is in honor of Ganesha, the Hindu god of learning and knowledge.

There are some national park as:


Pete Best

Randolph Peter Best or Pete Best (born Randolph Peter Scanland; 24 November 1941) was The Beatles's original drummer. He was born on 24 November 1941 in Madras, India to an Indian mother and an English father. His mother, Mona, later owned the Casbah Club in Liverpool, where The Beatles would sometimes perform. Best was drummer for the group from 1960 until 16 August 1962, when the band and their new manager, Brian Epstein, fired him and replaced him with Ringo Starr. The reason was because when the band auditioned for EMI, record producer George Martin was not satisfied with Best's drum skills, and planned to replace him on their recordings.

Best was devastated, and tried to form other bands with little success. He attempted suicide in 1965. He went on to work as a civil servant. In 1995, when The Beatles released their "Anthology" albums, which featured Best on some recordings, he received a large sum of money from the sales. He also found a new career, appearing at Beatles-related events such as conventions, where he sometimes played drums, with more skill than he showed in earlier days.

Dionne Quintuplets

The Dionne Quintuplets were the first quintuplets (five babies born at the same time from the same mother) to survive after being born. They were born in Ontario, Canada on May 28, 1934 to Elzire and Oliva Dionne. They were: 

The babies were delivered by Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, who later was given custody of the girls by the Canadian government and the Ontario government housed them in a special theme park-like area, just across the street from the house their parents and 6 other siblings lived in. At one time 6,000 people visited Quintland each day to see the sisters, they also had dolls made out of them, and appeared in commercials for products like corn syrup and Quaker oats like oatmeal. Then in 1943, the girls' father, Oliva, finally got custody of them again and the girls moved back to live with their real family. Dr. Dafone died soon after that. The girls later claimed their father abused them. In 1998 the surviving sisters sued the government of Ontario for being exploited as kids and were rewarded 4 million Canadian dollars.

All's Well That Ends Well

All's Well That Ends Well is a play by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. It was based on a story in Boccaccio's "Decameron". The date "All's Well" was written is uncertain, but it was probably written between 1600 and 1603. It was probably first performed about 1602-1603, and probably first printed in the First Folio of 1623. The play is about Helena's love for the unresponsive Bertram.


Fag

Fag can mean different things:

Christ (title)

In Christianity, the Christ (; ) is a title for the savior and redeemer who would bring salvation to the Jewish people and mankind. Christ is the Greek translation of the Hebrew title "Messiah" (; anointed one), the figure promised by God to the Jewish people and mankind for the salvation of the world. Christians believe that Jesus of Nazareth is the Jewish Messiah called Christ of the Christian Old Testament and fulfilled the messianic prophecies of Christian tradition. "Christ", used by Christians both as a name and as a title, is synonymous with Jesus.


Christian Bale

Christian Charles Philip Bale (born 30 January 1974) is an English actor. He is from Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire. Bale is best known for playing Batman in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy". He began in a movie of Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun. He also played in "American Psycho" and "The Machinist". In 2010, Bale won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his performance in "The Fighter". He played Dick Cheney in the biopic movie "Vice", and won another Golden Globe Award. He is married to Sandra Blažić since 2000 and they have two children together.

Christian Bale, versatile actor, excels in accents, physical changes, music, languages, precision, genre shifts, stunts, production, and voice acting.


Eric Clapton

Eric Patrick Clapton (born 30 March 1945) is an English guitarist, singer and composer. Clapton is regarded as one of the greatest guitarists in the history of rock. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Clapton number 2 on its list of "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time" in 2003. 

Clapton has played in a variety of different bands, including the Yardbirds and Cream.

Eric Patrick Clapton was born in Ripley, Surrey, England on March 30, 1945. Clapton's father, who already had a wife, returned to Canada after World War II. His mother, was not able to bear the shame of raising an illegitimate child (a child of unmarried parents) in post-war Britain. She left Clapton with his grandparents Jack and Rose Clapp (Clapton by her first marriage) and moved to Germany where she married another Canadian soldier. Clapton was raised believing his mother was his sister. His grandmother did not tell him the truth until he was nine years old.

A polite and well-behaved boy, the young Clapton was an above-average student, though in 1956 he failed the eleven-plus and went to St. Bedes Secondary Modern School. Two years later however, he passed the review and went to 13-plus on the strength of his art accomplishment and got a scholarship to a school in Tolworth, near Surbiton. He liked art very much. He wanted to learn to play the guitar after watching Jerry Lee Lewis on television. Clapton's obsession with playing blues music caused him to be expelled from Kingston College of Art because he was playing the guitar in class.

Working as a labourer to pay his way, Clapton spent most of his free time playing his electric guitar. Eventually he joined a local band, The Roosters. He later joined Casey Jones And The Engineers with fellow band member Tom McGuiness. In 1963, Clapton was asked to join The Yardbirds. It was in the Yardbirds that he earned his nickname of 'Slowhand'. The name came from his forceful string-bending that often caused broken guitar strings. He would replace the strings on stage while the crowd slowly clapped their hands.

After about 18 months with the Yardbirds, musical differences led Clapton to move on to John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, where his talent grew even more. It was at this part in his career that Eric's fans started using the phrase Clapton is God.

In mid-1966 he left the Bluesbreakers, whose members had grown to include Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page. The band he formed with bassist Jack Bruce and drummer Ginger Baker would become Eric's best-known band, and rock's first-ever supergroup, Cream. Cream became the "pre-eminent (best) rock trio of the Sixties"; the name came from its members being among the top session musicians in England. They played both their own songs ("Strange Brew", "Sunshine Of Your Love", "White Room") and cover versions of other people's songs ("I'm So Glad"). Like his contemporary Jimi Hendrix, Clapton helped to pioneer the use of the wah-wah pedal. He played a famous guitar called The Fool. He also developed what he called the "woman tone" on his guitar and used it to great effect. For instance, at one point during the song "Tales of Brave Ulysses", he combines the woman tone with feedback (overdriven amplifier) to create a unique sound.

Clapton became friends with Beatle George Harrison, who asked him to play guitar on "While My Guitar Gently Weeps", for 1968's "White Album". Clapton also played on John Lennon's "Yer Blues", in a filmed performance.

While Cream were popular and had several hit records, problems between Baker and Bruce, and the increasing drug use of all three caused tensions that eventually broke the band up in 1969. George Harrison teamed with Clapton, to write and record "Badge" for Cream's final album.

Clapton played again with John Lennon and his new wife Yoko Ono, as a member of the Plastic Ono Band. He appeared with them onstage in Toronto that September, and played guitar on "Cold Turkey", Lennon's song about heroin addiction. At that time, the Beatles were getting ready to break up. Lennon thought about asking Clapton to join his and Ono's new band, but decided not to have a permanent lineup.

Clapton and Baker joined with Rick Grech and Steve Winwood to form Blind Faith. Blind Faith lasted only a few months, and released one album. After Blind Faith broke up, Clapton formed another band, called Derek and the Dominos. Their most popular song was "Layla". He performed a concert at the Rainbow Theatre in London on 13 January 1973, thanks to his friend Pete Townshend of The Who. He started work on a new album, "461 Ocean Blvd", which was released July 1974.

The inspiration for "Layla" was fashion model Pattie Boyd. She was married to Clapton's friend, George Harrison. Clapton was in love with Boyd. He was not happy because he could not be with her because she was married to his friend. In time, Boyd and Harrison grew apart, and Clapton and Boyd got together. They married in May 1979. All three remained friends, and Clapton and Harrison called themselves "husbands-in-law", though for some years afterwards, the friendship between them was understandably strained. Clapton and Boyd were divorced in 1989, after they also grew apart.

Following the death of his four-year-old son Conor, who fell from a window of a 53rd-floor New York apartment owned by his mother's friend on March 20 1991, Clapton arrived at the apartment shortly after the accident. Clapton's grief was expressed in the song "Tears in Heaven", which was featured on his "Unplugged" album and for the 1991 "Rush film soundtrack." The song was Clapton's best-selling single in the United States and reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100. It won three Grammy Awards for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male, Song of the Year, and Record of the Year. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" ranked "Tears in Heaven" 362nd on the magazine's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".

Along with his drug problems, Clapton had trouble with alcohol, sometimes drinking a whole bottle or more of liquor in a day. In the 1990s, he was finally able to stop drinking alcohol. He also found out more about his father, who had died, and about a half-brother (by his mother) he had never met, who was mentally challenged and lived in a hospital.

Clapton is still making music and performing, sometimes with other musicians such as B.B. King.

Clapton also enjoys fishing at Eastlodge fishing.



Buenos Aires

Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city in the South American country of Argentina. It has its own executive, legislative and judicial powers. It is in the central-eastern region of the country, on the southern shore of the Río de la Plata, in the Pampas region. The city was ceded in 1880 by the Province of Buenos Aires to be the federal capital of the country. It is the "main capital", along with 24 alternate capitals, because of the constitutional reform of 1994. Buenos Aires city is also known as "Capital Federal" to differentiate the city from the Buenos Aires Province. Until 1994 Buenos Aires city was under the presidential government, but after a constitutional reform in that year, the city became self-governed, allowing citizens to elect their city authorities.

3,040,000 people live in Buenos Aires. Spanish is the main language, but English is widely spoken and understood well. Italian is also widespread.

Buenos Aires has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification: "Cfa"). The average temperature is 17 °C. During the 20th century the temperature went up because of the urbanization. Rainfall is 1222.6 mm. per year. Summers are hot and humid. Winters are mild, the highest medium temperature is 13.7 °C during this season. Temperature rarely reaches 0 °C or below. Fog is frequent. Snow is extremely rare, and falls once or twice in a century.

Buenos Aires is divided into 48 neighborhoods. Most populated areas are:

Buenos Aires is the most visited city in South America. The most touristic areas are the historical center, Palermo, Recoleta and San Telmo.

The fifth Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2009.



Lyndon B. Johnson

Lyndon Baines Johnson (August 27, 1908 – January 22, 1973), often called by his initials LBJ, was an American politician. He was the 36th president of the United States from 1963 to 1969. Before becoming president, he was the 37th vice president under John F. Kennedy from 1961 to 1963. Johnson was also a U.S. senator, U.S. representative from Texas, senate majority whip and senate majority leader of the U.S. Senate. Johnson was a member of the Democratic Party.

Johnson was born in Stonewall, Texas in 1908. Before he became a politician he was a high school teacher. In 1937, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. In 1948, he was elected to the U.S. Senate, then became its majority leader in 1954. In 1960, he ran for president, but did not win the Democratic nomination. He was then chosen to become the running mate for vice president of Senator John F. Kennedy, and the Kennedy-Johnson ticket won.

On November 22, 1963, President Kennedy was killed in Dallas, Texas. Johnson then became the next president of the United States. In 1964, Johnson was elected president, defeating his opponent, Senator Barry Goldwater, in a landslide. He received 61.1% of the popular vote.

As president, Johnson created the Great Society. It was a series of programs created to help the American people. They involved expanding civil rights, public broadcasting, Medicare, Medicaid, aid to education and the arts, urban and rural development, and public services. He passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the Civil Rights Act of 1968. His personal beliefs on the issue of civil rights were very different from other white, southern Democrats. He also wanted to make poor Americans' lives better by launching the "War on Poverty." He continued President Kennedy's space program, making the Apollo program bigger. He also helped make into law the Higher Education Act of 1965, making federal student loans. Johnson also signed the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which helped make U.S. immigration policy today.

In foreign policy, Johnson's presidency wanted to stop the expansion of Marxist–Leninist governments. In 1964, Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution. This made the U.S. become more involved in the Vietnam War. More American soldiers were sent to Vietnam, and as the war continued, American deaths went up along with deaths of Vietnamese civilians. In 1968, the Tet Offensive happened, which made the public start to dislike the war. Many people wanted the U.S. military to no longer be in Vietnam.

During his presidency the American political landscape changed a lot, as white southerners who supported the Democrats started to support the Republican Party and African-Americans began supporting the Democratic Party. Because of his domestic agenda, Johnson's presidency was the peak of modern liberalism in the United States. Johnson started his presidency popular, but he lost popularity because of the Vietnam War and big social problems.

In the 1968 presidential election, he ended his run for another term as president after he did not do well in the New Hampshire primary. The election was eventually won by Republican candidate Richard Nixon. Johnson went back to his Texas ranch and remained private until he died of a heart attack in 1973 at age 64 in Texas.

Historians and scholars mostly think Johnson is good compared to other presidents because of his domestic policies which helped civil rights, health care, and welfare. However, he gets criticism for his role in escalating the Vietnam War, which resulted in the deaths of 58,220 American service members, dropping over 7.5 million tons of explosives over Vietnam, and the use of the noxious herbicide Agent Orange.
Johnson was born in Texas. His father was a politician who had worked for the Texas state government. As a young adult, he was a teacher at a Hispanic-majority school where he taught Mexican-American students near the Mexico–United States border.

He was elected to the House of Representatives in 1937, then to the Senate in 1948. He won the Senate election by just 87 votes.

In the Senate, Johnson very quickly became powerful and in 1955 became leader of the Senate and was the youngest to have ever held that position. He started great programs for the public. It helped that he knew the other Senators well and could often persuade them to support his ideas. In 1960, he ran for president, but during the contest to see who the Democrats would support, he lost to John F. Kennedy. Johnson was then selected by Kennedy as the candidate Vice President. Kennedy narrowly won the election and Johnson became vice president. Like most vice presidents, Johnson did not like the job. It gave him too little power.

Lyndon B. Johnson was well known as someone who could persuade other lawmakers in Congress to pass laws. To gain more support for his ideas, he often arm-twisted other politicians (meaning he would threaten them if they didn't agree with him).

Johnson took over as president after Kennedy was assassinated. He finished Kennedy's term as president then in 1964 he ran for re-election and won easily against Barry Goldwater. Johnson won 61.1% of the vote. This is the highest percentage of the vote ever won by someone running for president since 1820.

Johnson began a "war on poverty". He created the Great Society (a series of government programs intended to improve the living standards of the country). These programs include public broadcasting, protecting the environment, Medicare (health care for the elderly), Medicaid ([health care for the poor). He supported civil rights for African Americans and continued where Kennedy left off in giving them freedom. The Voting Rights Act in 1965 gave the government powers to stop them from being denied the right to vote. Compared to Kennedy's weak relationship with Congress, Johnson was able to convince politicians to support some of the same policies which they opposed under Kennedy.

At the same time, Johnson increased the United States' involvement in the Vietnam War. Johnson increased the number of soldiers in Vietnam from 16,000 to 500,000 in order to stop the Viet Cong (the Communist rebels in South Vietnam). As the years passed, Johnson became more and more unpopular as the war kept on going without an end in sight. By 1968, almost 1000 American soldiers were being killed in Vietnam every month and the enemy still had not been defeated. In March 1968, Johnson said he would not run for re-election.

Johnson's time as president ended on January 20, 1969. He went back to Texas to live on his ranch in Stonewall. He began smoking cigarettes again for the first time since 1955, and his health quickly declined. He began suffering heart attacks which later resulted in his death.

Johnson died at his ranch on January 22, 1973, at age 64 after having a heart attack. Johnson had a state funeral, and the final services took place on January 25. The funeral took place at the National City Christian Church in Washington, D.C.

Despite the disaster in Vietnam, Johnson is still thought of as being a good president by historians because of what he achieved with civil rights. In 1973, the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston was renamed the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center.


Catholic Church

The Catholic Church is the largest Christian church in the world. It has over one billion members, and is the world's largest religious group. Its members believe that Jesus Christ started the Catholic Church 2,000 years ago. The Church’s headquarters are in the Vatican City.

The word "catholic" comes from the Greek word καθολικός ("katholikós"), which means "universal." a word that was first used in the Nicene Creed. Often, the word "Roman" is added before “Catholic” because Vatican City, where the Church has its headquarters, is a country inside of Rome, Italy. Members of the Catholic Church call themselves "Catholics".

Almost half of all Catholics are in Latin America. The continent with the second-largest number of Catholics is Europe. Millions of Catholics live in other places all over the world.

The Catholic Church is led by the Pope, the Bishop of Rome, who lives in Vatican City. According to Catholics, the Church is guided by the Holy Spirit, who also guides the Pope. The Church teaches that the Pope cannot be wrong when he when speaks officially on the subject of Catholic faith and morals. The Popes have only used this infallibility very rarely, but have done so throughout history. Examples include the Tome of St. Leo, the declaration of the Immaculate Conception, and various anathemas (religious condemnations issued by the Popes against certain heresies).

The Catholic Church teaches that the first Pope was Saint Peter, who was a disciple of Jesus Christ. The current pope is Pope Francis.

Like other Christians, Catholics believe Jesus is a divine person, the Son of God. They believe that because of his love for all people, he died so that all people will live forever in heaven.

The Catholic Church also recognizes the Trinity; that the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit are together the only God.

The leader of the Roman Catholic Church is called the Pope, which literally means "father". Catholics say Jesus Christ established the Catholic Church, and appointed the first Pope, a disciple of his named Saint Peter, to lead all Christians.

Over the last 2,000 years, different Popes have led the church. The current Pope is the 266th and is called Francis and he lives in the Vatican City, a very small country inside the city of Rome, Italy.

For centuries, Popes have not used their birth names, but instead use a regnal name. This custom started in the sixth century when a man named Mercury was elected Pope, it was seen as inappropriate to have a Pope named after a pagan god so he named himself John II, in honor of his predecessor, John I; it became customary in the tenth century. Since the death of Marcellus II 1555, every Pope has taken a Papal name.

The Catholic Church is made of 23 "particular churches", otherwise known as rites. As well as being head of the Latin Rite of the church (which is the largest with over 1 billion members), the Pope is ultimately the leader of 22 Eastern Catholic Churches, these churches are of the Orthodox tradition of Christianity and it is often the case that they have broken away from their Orthodox mother church to come into communion with (join) the Pope and submit to his authority as successor of St. Peter. The Eastern Catholic Churches are based all over the world, from the United States to the Middle East to India.

The exercise of infallibility takes several forms (see "Catechism of the Catholic Church", no. 890-891, citing "Lumen Gentium", 25). One form is exercised by the Pope when speaking "ex cathedra" (literally, “from the chair” of St. Peter, in his authority as pope) on matters of faith or morals, even if he does so without the support of the bishops. This is an exercise of the Extraordinary Magisterium of the Church. While the pope has always held the power to exercise the Extraordinary Magisterium by speaking "ex cathedra", the actual occurrence of an "ex cathedra" statement is quite rare. It is generally understood to have only occurred twice: Pope Pius IX’s definition of the dogma of Mary’s Immaculate Conception in 1854 and Pope Pius XII’s definition of the dogma of Mary’s Assumption in 1950. In both of these cases, the Pope was not teaching something new. Rather, he was confirming and clarifying something that the Church had already believed as part of God’s revelation.

Some of the traditional practices of Roman Catholics carried out each time they pray at home or at Church include making the sign of the cross, kneeling, and bowing.

Their main ceremony is the Mass. Catholics are normally required to go to amass on Sundays and on Holy Days of Obligation. In the United States, the Holy Days of Obligation are: Mary, Mother of God (January 1), The Assumption of Mary (August 15), The Immaculate Conception (of Mary) (December 8), The Ascension of Jesus (40 days after Easter), Christmas (December 25) and All Saints Day (November 1). The taking of the Eucharist is the height of the Mass.

Catholics worship Jesus. They also venerate the Virgin Mary more than other Christians, calling her the "Mother of God," based on Elizabeth's greeting, "And why is this granted me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?" and also on the belief that all Christians hold that Jesus is fully man and fully God at the same time. Yet, Mary, who has nothing to do with the Divine, was chosen as the human vessel God would use to enter into the world. It is important to note that Catholics do not worship Mary. Instead, they honor her as one honors a Queen. This type of honor is called hyperdulia.

An important Catholic prayer is the Rosary. This prayer is done with Rosary beads used to count each prayer. The Rosary is made up of five decades, each decade being made up of 1 Our Father, 10 Hail Marys, and 1 Glory Be, as well as saying the Sacred Mysteries. It is made up of passages taken from scripture. It is recommended by the clergy to continue the very old practice of praying the Rosary daily, as it has not only many powerful requests but is made up of words taken directly from scripture, like the Lord's Prayer (Our Father) and the Hail Mary. The Rosary is not complete unless one thinks about the passion of Christ while praying out loud. In addition, the clergy (bishops, priests, and deacons) must pray the Divine Office.

The Catholic Church celebrates seven sacraments. A sacrament is "an outward sign instituted (started) by Christ to give grace" (a supernatural gift of God that someone did nothing to deserve).

The seven sacraments are: Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Reconciliation, Anointing of the Sick, Holy Orders and Holy Matrimony (marriage). The Holy Eucharist is the most important of the sacraments, because Catholics believe that Jesus Christ becomes truly present in the form of bread and wine. This happens through transubstantiation which takes place in the Mass.

Catholics believe in the necessity of love, hope and faith in order to gain salvation, but that these all come from grace. This is different from the 16th century interpretation created by Luther.

Catholics interpret the Bible (God-given book) according to Tradition. Tradition is the transmission of the early church's life and teaching, as especially recorded in the writings of the Fathers of the Church who lived in the first centuries. At that time the holy books where accepted in the Bible, which is the collection of the books considered revealed.

A basic rule for Catholics is that "Truth cannot contradict truth". They translate the Bible with this in mind. No interpretation can be accepted if it contradicts another revealed truth.

Catholics, like many Christians, accept the Nicene Creed, a combination of the Council of Nicaea (AD 325) and the later Council of Constantinople (AD 382) as true. It is as follows:
"I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible. I believe in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, born of the Father before all ages, God from God, Light from Light, true God from true God, begotten, not made, consubstantial with the Father. Through Him all things were made. For us men and our salvation He came down from heaven: and, by the Holy Spirit, was incarnate of the Virgin Mary, and became man. For our sake, He was crucified under Pontius Pilate; He suffered death and was buried and rose again on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures: He ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the Father. He will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead, and His kingdom will have no end. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the Lord, the giver of life, who proceeds from the Father and the Son, Who, with the Father and the Son, is adored and glorified, Who has spoken through the Prophets. I believe in one, holy, catholic, and apostolic Church. I confess one baptism for the forgiveness of sins and I look forward to the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen."
Eastern Orthodox and Protestants believe many of the same things. They sometime disagree on the role of the Virgin Mary and other saints, on what a priest can do, and on how exactly God should be worshipped, among other things.



Villeneuve-d'Ascq

Villeneuve-d'Ascq (which means "New city of Ascq" in French) is one of the main cities of the metropolis of Lille, in France. It is between Lille and Roubaix, at the crossroads of the principal freeways towards Paris, Ghent, Antwerp and Brussels,

Villeneuve-d'Ascq has more than 65,000 people and attracts 50,000 students.
The average age of people there is 29 years.

The city has about 10 km² of greenspace, lakes, forests and farmland.

The roots of the city go back to Celtic Gaul, and are anchored in two feudal mounds, a Gallo-Roman site and a Carolingian one.

Its site was selected in the 1960s to accommodate the new town of Lille-Est. It was made to channel the development of the agglomeration. The commune of Villeneuve-d'Ascq was created in 1970 by combining three communes (Ascq, Annapes and Flers). Its name reminds people at the same time the new city and the memory of Ascq, martyr city of April 1, 1944, date on which the Nazis killed 86 men.

Hillary Clinton

Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is an American politician and diplomat. She was the 67th United States secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 under Barack Obama. She was a United States senator from 2001 to 2009 from New York. Clinton was also the first lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 as the wife of President Bill Clinton.

She was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2000. She became the first female senator from New York and the first presidential wife to hold a political office, during and after her husband's term as president.

Clinton ran for president in 2008, but lost to Barack Obama in the Democratic primaries. She resigned from the Senate in January 2009 to become the U.S. Secretary of State. 

She was harshly criticized for her failure to prevent or respond to the 2012 Benghazi attack. She later resigned from the Obama administration in February 2013.

Clinton made a second presidential run in 2016. She became the first woman to be nominated by a major political party for president. 

Clinton won the Democratic nomination, but lost the election to Republican opponent Donald Trump in the Electoral College, despite winning the popular vote. 

Following her loss, she has wrote multiple books and has been serving as the chancellor of the Queen's University Belfast since January 2020.

Hillary Diane Rodham was born at Edgewater Medical Center in Chicago. She was raised in Park Ridge, a suburb located northwest of downtown Chicago. Her parents were Hugh E. Rodham and Dorothy Emma Howell Rodham. She is of Welsh, English, French and French Canadian ancestry. Hillary grew up with two younger brothers, Hugh and Tony.

She studied at Maine East High School and Maine South High School. She finished high school in 1965, and enrolled at Wellesley College in Massachusetts.

In 1969, Rodham entered Yale Law School. She received a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from Yale in 1973. Then, she began a year of post-graduate study on children and medicine at the Yale Child Study Center.

When she was First Lady, she tried to change the health care system. Some people didn't like it when the planning meetings were kept secret away from the public. In the end, too many people did not want the changes that she wanted.

Another major event during the time she was First Lady was when the public found out in 1998 that Bill Clinton had a sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky in the mid-1990s. There was stress in the marriage partly because Bill had to go to trial (impeachment) because he was accused of lying to the court (during a deposition).

When she decided that she wanted to be senator, she chose New York even though she never lived there. Some accused her of "carpetbagging" because of this. She went on to win the election and won a second term in 2006.

When the war between the United States-led coalition and Iraq was about to start, she voted in favor of the war, which, as of 2015, she had said she regrets doing.

Hillary Clinton had raised more money than anybody else in the 2008 Presidential campaign, but later had big money problems for her campaign by May 7, 2008. She lost the party nomination to Barack Obama, but she campaigned for Obama after this.

In mid-November 2008, Obama and Clinton talked about whether she could be the next U.S. Secretary of State in his presidency. On November 21, there were reports that said Hillary Clinton had accepted his offer.

During her term as Secretary of State, Clinton used her position to make women's rights and human rights a focus of U.S. initiatives. She became one of the most traveled secretaries of state in American history. She promoted the use of social media to convey the country's positions. She also led U.S. diplomatic efforts in responding to the Arab Spring and military intervention in Libya.

Clinton did not want to serve a second term as secretary. Once Barack Obama won his re-election, he announced that John Kerry would succeed Clinton as secretary. Clinton left office on February 1, 2013.

In 2016, Clinton became the first woman in the History of the United States to be a major party presidential candidate. Clinton did not want to run for president in 2016, but after much of a majority support from the Democratic party, on April 12, 2015, speculation ended as Clinton formally announced her candidacy via email and the release of a video saying, "Everyday Americans need a champion. And I want to be that champion." In the polls, Clinton maintained her lead for the nomination although she faced several challenges from Senator Bernie Sanders. A NBC/Wall Street Journal poll conducted in May found Clinton and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in a tie. Clinton and Trump were the least popular likely candidates in the poll's history. This made it difficult for her campaign.

Clinton became the presumptive nominee on June 6, 2016.

Clinton lost the general election to Donald Trump winning 227 of the electoral college to Trump's 304. Clinton won the popular vote however 48% to Trump's 46%.

In April 2017, Clinton said that she will not seek public office again.

While working as a faculty member at the Law School of the University of Arkansas, she married Bill Clinton on October 11, 1975. He was also working as a faculty member at the same university. Both knew each other and were classmates at the Yale Law School. Their only child is daughter Chelsea Clinton, born on February 27, 1980.

Andhra Pradesh

Andhra Pradesh () () is a state in the Republic of India. It has a population of 75,727,000 people according to the census of 2001. The eastern boundary is a coastline along the Bay of Bengal. Its latitude and longitude is 17.3660°N and 78.4760°E. The state has an area of . It is bigger than Burkina Faso but smaller than Ecuador. In traditional Indian geography it falls under the South Indian zone. It was divided into Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in 2014, because of the Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act 2014. According to this Act, both states will have the same capital city Hyderabad, for a period of 10 years. The present Chief Minister of the state is Y. S. Jagan Mohan Reddy of the YSR Party.

Andhra Pradesh has a gross domestic product (GDP) of 123,560 (in millions of US dollars). That makes it the third largest state in India in terms of GDP, after Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. Most of this money comes from agriculture. Andhra Pradesh is sometimes called the "Rice Bowl of India", as a very large amount of rice or paddy is grown in the coastal plains of the state. Recently the state is also involved in newer businesses like biotechnology and information technology.

Alberto Vargas

Joaquin Alberto Vargas y Chávez (9 February 1896 – 30 December 1982), better known as Alberto Vargas, was a Peruvian-born painter, best known for his pin-up paintings of beautiful women. In the 1930s he became famous for movie posters. In the 1940s and 1950s he painted for Esquire Magazine and in the 1960s and 1970s for Playboy.

A painting of Alberto's, "Varga Girl", was put on the Beatles - "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album. She is pictured in the upper right-hand corner (next to Richard Menkin, the man in the hat).


George Lucas

George Walton Lucas Jr. (born May 14, 1944) is an American movie director, producer, and screenwriter most famous for the "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" movie series.

He also directed the movies "THX 1138" (1971) and "American Graffiti" (1973). He made the "Indiana Jones" series with Steven Spielberg. He is also an innovator for what he has done with special effects, and has founded companies that make not only movies, but also things like video games, theme park rides, and TV shows.

Lucas founded the Pixar animation studio and later sold it to Steve Jobs in 1986 for $10 million.

He has three children: Katie, Amanda and Jett Lucas (born 1993). Jett has had cameo appearances in "" and "" as Zett Jukassa. 

Lucas began dating Mellody Hobson, president of Ariel Investments and chair of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006. Lucas and Hobson announced their engagement in January 2013, and married on June 22, 2013 at Lucas's Skywalker Ranch in Marin County, California.

A George Lucas Cultural Arts Museum was to be built in San Francisco, California, but after talks failed, Lucas decided not to build the museum in San Francisco. 

Soon afterwards, the Chicago Tribune reported that Lucas wanted to build the museum in Chicago, Illinois. Lucas said: ""The city of Chicago has enthusiastically welcomed me and I consider Chicago to be my second home," Lucas said in a statement. "I look forward to working with community leaders to see if Chicago can become home to the Lucas Cultural Arts Museum. "" The office of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel confirmed that talks between the two were ongoing. A potential lakefront site on Museum Campus in Chicago was proposed in May 2014. On June 24, 2014, the "Chicago Sun-Times" reported that Chicago was selected as the location, pending approval of the Chicago Plan Commission. The commission approved the idea and the museum will be built in Chicago.

Telugu

Telugu is a language spoken in the southern part of India and the Peninsular part of Malaysia. It is the official language of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. It is one of the twenty-two scheduled languages of the Republic of India. Telugu is the second most spoken language in India and 15th largest spoken language in the world. As it is one of the oldest languages in the world, Government of India gave it the status of a Classical language.

With 56 letters [16 vowels and 36 consonants, 4 removed], Telugu has more letters in its alphabet than any other language. There were letters for sounds Al, Aluu, which were later removed from the alphabet. Every Telugu word ends with an vowel.
అ ఆ ఇ ఈ ఉ ఊ ఋ ౠ ఎ ఏ ఐ ఒ ఓ ఔ అం అః

క ఖ గ ఘ ఙ 
చ ఛ జ ఝ ఞ
ట ఠ డ ఢ ణ
త థ ద ధ న
ప ఫ బ భ మ
య ర ల వ శ
ష స హ ళ క్ష ఱ

౧ ౨ ౩ ౪ ౫ ౬ ౭ ౮ ౯ ౧౦

PlayStation 3

The PlayStation 3 (PS3) is the third video game console made by Sony. It was released in Japan on November 11, 2006. It came out on November 17, 2006 in North America, and was released in Australia and Europe on 23 March 2007. It competed against the Microsoft Xbox 360 and Nintendo Wii consoles.

The PlayStation 3 was the first console to be able to play Blu-ray discs. The PS3 was, according to Sony, the most powerful console at the time. However, many people that create computer games have recently stated that both the PS3 and Xbox 360 are about equal. An upside is that to access the online mode to play and interact with other people is free unlike the Xbox in which must be paid for.

When the PlayStation 3 was released, there were two different models. One had a 20 gigabyte (GB) hard drive and cost $399. The other had a 60 gigabyte hard drive and cost $599. Sony stopped making the 20 gigabyte console in North America after the 60 gigabyte version "sold ten times as many" as the 20 gigabyte version.

In July 2007, Sony announced that they would cut the price of the PS3 to $500 in the United States, though still more expensive than its competitors. Sony also released a version of the console with an 80 gigabyte hard drive around this time.

In October, a version of the PlayStation 3 with a 40 gigabyte hard drive was introduced. This model could not play PlayStation 2 games, but games made for the original PlayStation could still be played. The price of the 60 gigabyte model was also further reduced. A white version of the 40 gigabyte model was released in Japan in November.

Since 2011, the PS3 was sold in a new, slimmer, and more efficient model with a 160 GB or 320 GB of hard drive memory.
The PS3 was discontinued in New Zealand on September 29, 2015, in Europe and Australia on March 31, 2016, in North America on October 31, 2016, and in Japan on May 29, 2017, though third-party games are still being made for the system.

PlayStation 2

The PlayStation 2 (PS2) is Sony's second video game console. It was released in March 2000. The one before this was PlayStation (or PS1). The next PlayStation is PlayStation 3 which was released in November 2006. The PlayStation 2 competed with the Dreamcast, the Nintendo GameCube and the Microsoft Xbox during its lifetime.

The controllers of the PlayStation 2 are similar to the Dual Analog controllers for the first PlayStation. Some games are online, such as "Call of Duty World at War Final Fronts," and a few connect with the PlayStation Portable (or PSP). The PS2 is very successful and games were still made for it after the PlayStation 3 was made. The PlayStation 2 is the world's best-selling console. It has sold around 159 million units since its launch in March 2000, and is fully compatible with PlayStation (PS1) games. 
Sony announced that they had discontinued the PlayStation 2 in Japan on December 28, 2012 and worldwide on January 4, 2013. The last two games for the system were "FIFA 14" and "Pro Evolution Soccer 2014" (released only in Europe) in late 2013 (a week before the PlayStation 4's release date). Both these games also had PS3 and PS4 versions. Online functionalities had ended on March 31, 2016. Repair for the system had ended in Japan on September 7, 2018.

The PSX was released in 2003. It was a video recorder that allowed you to play PlayStation 2 games. It had a built-in hard drive (up to 250 GB). It did not sell well, because it cost too much money, so it was not released outside of Japan. "" became the most sold game, with over 27.5 million copies sold.

Sony

Sony is a technology company, based in Japan, which makes many electric products. Among its most popular products is the video game console PlayStation, which was followed by PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4 and now the PlayStation 5. They also sold the Walkman invented by Andreas Pavel - a small music audio cassette player that could fit in one’s pocket - they later made Walkman systems that could play CDs, MiniDiscs or MP3s instead of tapes, and they often could receive radio too.

The company also makes music players, televisions, headsets, mobile phones (Sony Ericsson) and computers (named Sony Vaio), and game players (PlayStation).

It owns the American movie studios, Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures, through Sony Pictures.

Sony began its activity from a department store in Tokyo. At that time, 1946, the store was damaged by bombs. One engineer and one physicist invested a capital of about $1,600 to create a company which would include 20 employees. The name of the engineer was Masaru Ibuka and the name of the physicist was Akio Morita. People working in their new company repaired electrical equipment. Later they started creating their own products.

The company achieved success in 1954, when it received license that allowed producing transistors. Although transistors were already created in United States, they were not used in production of radios. Sony produced its first transistor radio in May of 1954.

From that period Sony started leading in the field of electronics. Its revolutionary devices included: Trinitron Color Television, created in 1968; color video cassette, produced in 1971 as well as the world's second home video system, created in 1975. Other revolutionary inventions of Sony include: 1979 – Walkman; 1981 – Electronic camera; 1982 – CD player; 1983 – Camcorder and the list continuous with many other devices. One of the most popular Sony products was Sony PlayStation, created in 1995. With its help Sony became the leader in videogames.

In 45 years Sony has grown from a small firm, employing 20 workers, to a multinational corporation, employing about 100,000 workers. The company created its American branch in 1960 and its UK branch in 1968. In recent years the company focused on leadership in software and hardware. Sony acquired, in 1988, CBS Records and formed Sony Music Entertainment. A year later the company bought Columbia Pictures to create Sony Pictures Entertainment.

Sony would later join forces with BMG to form "Sony BMG." BMG Music Publishing was sold to Universal in 2007. Sony bought all of BMG's record labels in 2008, ending the "BMG" name.


Xbox 360

The Xbox 360 is the second video game console released by Microsoft, after the Xbox. It was released on November 22, 2005, 1468 days after the first Xbox. The Xbox 360 competed against the Nintendo Wii and Sony PlayStation 3. All three are called next-generation or seventh generation consoles. The Xbox 360 was officially revealed on MTV on May 12, 2005. The Xbox One, the successor (it came after) to the Xbox 360, was announced on May 21, 2013. Even though the Xbox One was released on November 22, 2013, the Xbox 360 continued to be made until April 20, 2016. Games are no longer being made for the Xbox 360.

Before Microsoft revealed the console's real name, it was called the Xbox 2, Xbox NE, Xbox HD, Xbox FS, and other names. During the development, Microsoft, said it would launch the High-Definition era for video game consoles, promising visuals that would look better and much more real. The Xbox 360 uses standard DVDs to play games and other media.

The Xbox 360 was released in the United States and Canada on November 22, 2005 in Europe on December 2, 2005, and in Japan on December 10, 2005. It was later launched in Malaysia, Mexico, Colombia, South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Chile, India, Brazil, Poland, Czech Republic, and Russia. When the console was first released in North America, demand was more than the supplies and the console sold out at many stores. Many people sold the console on eBay for higher prices, and it was not until early 2006 that the Xbox 360 became more available in stores again.
The Xbox 360 was discontinued worldwide on 20 April 2016.


The Xbox 360 is a multimedia console. It can play music and videos streamed or downloaded from a computer. It can also play DVDs, as well as HD-DVDs if a HD-DVD Drive is connected. The Xbox 360 plays games on either a disc or on its hard drive. There are many games for Xbox 360.

The NXE (New Xbox Experience) update had many new features. One new feature is an avatar (profile picture) system. You can make the avatar look like you. The avatar is used in games and more. The menus were changed too. The NXE shows your friends and what they are doing. Another new feature is the ability to add people to an Xbox Live Party. People can talk online in a party. It does not matter if you are on the dashboard or playing another game. Up to seven of your friends or anyone else can join a party. Another option is to add friends to the party and game, which will invite them to both your game and party.

Xbox Live now has Facebook, Twitter, and Last.fm. You can use them on Xbox Live, but some features are different. 1080p High definition movies are also on Xbox Live. You can pay to download them.

The most recent update on the Xbox 360 was allowing users to input a USB memory device, allowing USB drives with memory over 1 GB to be used for storing data such as avatar items, or game saves, up to a maximum of 16 GB of data.

A number of accessories can be purchased for the Xbox 360. These include both wired and wireless controllers, custom faceplates that cover the front of the console, headsets for chatting while online, a webcam, a steering wheel for driving games and various other accessories.

Kinect is a major accessory that Microsoft made for the Xbox 360. It is a way to control games without a controller. Kinect was released in stores in late 2010. It won many awards, including "Fastest selling consumer electronics device" by the Guinness World Records. When it was first being made, it was called Project Natal.

The Xbox 360 Red Ring of death issue is very common on older consoles. When this happens, what is known as the Red Ring of Death (RRoD) appears: three of the four warning lights surrounding the power button on the console flash in red. The Red Ring of Death shows that there is a hardware problem, which usually means that the console no longer works. The white Arcade console breaks down a lot. On later models for example, the Xbox 360 S, these three lights show that there is an over-heating problem.


Xbox (console)

The Xbox is a video game console (a machine that plays video games and DVDS). It was made by Microsoft from November 2001 to October 2005. A person plays the games with a controller. The controllers were very large in the beginning, but were made smaller later. The Xbox video game console can play music, DVDs, and games. Microsoft discontinued the Xbox because they made the next version of the Xbox, the Xbox 360. The Xbox was first discontinued in 2006 in Japan, later in 2007 in Europe, then in 2009 in the USA. 

In 1998, four engineers from Microsoft's DirectX team, Kevin Bachus, Seamus Blackley, Ted Hase and DirectX team leader Otto Berkes, took apart some Dell laptop computers to construct a prototype Microsoft Windows-based video game console. The team hoped to create a console to compete with Sony's upcoming PlayStation 2.

During development, the original DirectXbox name was shortened to Xbox. Microsoft's marketing department did not like the Xbox name, and suggested many alternatives.

Xbox was the first video game console by Microsoft. It was a very large video game console, and it had a cost of $299.99 in the United States. It was launched one year after the PlayStation 2 and at the same time as the Nintendo GameCube. was the first very popular game for the Xbox.

GameCube

The Nintendo GameCube (also called GameCube, NGC, GCN, or GC for short) is the fourth video game home console made by Nintendo. Nintendo's previous console was called the Nintendo 64. Nintendo's next console is called the Nintendo Wii, released in 2006 with models released before November 2011 being backwards compatible with GameCube games. The last game for the console was "Madden NFL 08" (also released for the Wii and Nintendo DS), which was released on August 14, 2007. However, first-party development ended six months before that.

The GameCube also had many new features compared to other Nintendo video game consoles, and was the first Nintendo console to officially support Internet play (playing together without wires). It could also connect to the Game Boy Player to allow special features and play Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and Game Boy Advance games.

The console was released on September 14, 2001 in Japan, November 18, 2001 in North America, May 3, 2002 in Europe, and May 17, 2002 in Australia. The GameCube sold 21.74 million units worldwide. It was discontinued in early 2009 to focus production on the Wii and DS. The GameCube was also discontinued in Japan on October 28, 2007, Australia on December 3, 2007 and Europe on May 17, 2008.

Nintendo was originally the most popular video game company. However, in the late 1990s, the Sony PlayStation began to hurt Nintendo's business. For the first time, Nintendo's main console, which in this case was the Nintendo 64, was not the best-selling console. It sold over thirty million units, which was good, but only half of what Nintendo's earlier NES did. Nintendo was starting to fear, but they decided to try again. The GameCube was essentially a really beefed up Nintendo 64. It used good and detailed 3D models, and Nintendo decided to put new games and new series on the system, rather than sticking to the same old thing. It is obviously shaped like a cube, and has a handle on the back.

In the end, the Nintendo GameCube did not do what Nintendo hoped it would do. It ended up selling just 21 million units, worse than the Nintendo 64. The PS2 was simply the way to go at the time, simply because it could play DVDs and had a bigger game library. The GameCube sold poorly because it used special discs that no one else used and looked like a toy to many young adults.

The GameCube's controllers have two analog joysticks. In many games, one of them is used to control a character, while the other is used to control the camera, or some other secondary function. In addition to the analog sticks and the directional pad (D-pad), there are eight buttons: A, B, Y, X, L, R, Z, and Start.

Nintendo later released a wireless version of the controller, called the WaveBird. Instead of wires, it used RF signals to communicate with the console and was powered by standard AA batteries.

The Nintendo GameCube was known for its popular first games, including:


Notes

Fangame

Fangames are computer games created by fans based on popular video games. They are often made using C++, The Games Factory, Multimedia Fusion Express, and GameMaker. But now with free versions available of powerful game development tools available, some fangames are made in either Unity or Unreal Engine.


Wrocław

Wrocław (; , ; ) is the biggest city in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in the southwest part of Poland. The German name of the city is Breslau, and the Czech name is Vratislav. The Oder River goes through the city. There are also 4 other small rivers which connect with the Oder River in the territory of the city: Bystrzyca, Oława, Ślęza and Widawa. Before World War II there were 303 bridges in the city; now there are about 220. In Latin it is called "Vratislavia".

Wrocław is over 1000 years old. It was originally a Slavic town. During the Middle Ages it became a German city, but before that Wrocław was a Czech city. It was called Breslau for a long time. During the Second World War the city was badly damaged. About 70% of the buildings were damaged. Many of them were rebuilt. After the war, the city became Polish, and the German citizens were forced to leave. It has been called by its Polish name Wrocław ever since.

Johannes Brahms wrote his Academic Festival Overture to thank the University of Breslau in Wrocław. This was for an honorary doctorate he was awarded by the university.

Its population in 2004 was 638,000. There are 10 universities in the city. It is famous for its beautiful historical town square (Polish "rynek") and cathedral (large church).

In 1997 the Oder River flooded, causing a lot of damage.

10 people from Wrocław have won the Nobel Prize. They are:


1906

1906 (MCMVI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.





Lou Albano

Louis Vincent Albano (July 29, 1933 – October 14, 2009) was a very famous American professional wrestler in the 1980s. Albano is best known as Captain Lou Albano. He also appeared in Cyndi Lauper's music video "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" and played Mario on "The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!", based on the series of video games.

Lip synching

Lip synching is when a person moves his or her lips at the same time as a recorded sound or with another person. Some artists lip sync a live performance because they are not as confident and want to avoid hitting possible bad notes.

Lip syncing by singers can be controversial to fans attending concert performances who expect to view a live performance.

The word "synch" is short for "synchronize", meaning to do something at the same time.

Faith Evans

Faith Evans (born June 10, 1973 in Lakeland, Florida) is an American R&B singer. She grew up in Newark New Jersey. Her first husband, The Notorious B.I.G., died in a drive-by shooting in 1997 . She has been arrested for cocaine and marijuana. Evans' album "R&B Divas" was nominated for Best R&B Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.



Bacteria

We have good bacteria such as probiotic bacteria that is living yeast and helps fight oncoming sickness in gut health. While bad bacteria would be E. coli, salmonella, listeria, and norovirus.

Bacteria (singular: bacterium) are very small organisms. They are prokaryotic microorganisms. Bacterial cells do not have a nucleus, and most have no organelles with membranes around them. Most have a cell wall. They do have DNA, and their biochemistry is basically the same as other living things. They are amongst the simplest and the oldest organisms. 

Almost all bacteria are so tiny they can only be seen through a microscope. Bacteria are made up of one cell, so they are a kind of "unicellular organism". They were one of the earliest forms of life, and are simple single-celled organisms. They include extremophiles, which live in extreme habitats.

There are probably more individual bacteria than any other sort of organism on the planet, except viruses. Most bacteria live in the ground or in water, but many live inside or on the skin of other organisms, including humans. There are about as many bacterial cells as human cells in each of our bodies. Some bacteria cause diseases, but others help us in everyday activities like digesting food (gut flora). Some we use in factories to make cheese and yogurt.

The founder of bacteriology was a German biologist called Ferdinand Cohn (18281898). He published the first biological classification of bacteria, based on their appearance.

A bacterium reproduces (creates more bacteria) by dividing in half and creating two "daughter" cells. Each daughter is identical in shape to the parent.

Bacteria do not have sexes, but they do transmit DNA by several kinds of horizontal gene transfer. This is how they share resistance to antibiotics from one strain to another. The complete DNA sequence is known for many bacterial strains. Each bacterium has only one chromosome.

Bacteria vary widely in size and shape, but in general they are at least ten times larger than viruses. A typical bacterium is about 1 µm (one micrometer) in diameter, so a thousand bacteria lined up would be one millimeter long. There are about five nonillion (5×10) bacteria on Earth.

Bacteria are identified and grouped by their shapes. Bacilli are rod-shaped, cocci are ball-shaped, spirilla are spiral-shaped, and vibrio are shaped like a comma or a boomerang.
Pathogenic bacteria, the harmful kind, enter the human body from the air, water or food. Once inside, these bacteria attach themselves to or invade specific cells in our respiratory system, digestive tract or in any open wound. There they begin to reproduce and spread while using your body's food and nutrients to give them energy to help them reproduce.

Some bacteria are extremophiles. Some microbes thrive inside rocks up to 580 meters below the sea floor under 2.6 kilometers of ocean off the Pacific Northwest of the United States. According to one of the researchers, "You can find microbes everywhere — they're extremely adaptable to conditions, and survive wherever they are." 

Viruses were the first and are the most serious enemies of bacteria. Everywhere bacteria are, they get attacked by viruses. The viruses which attack bacteria are called bacteriophages. 

Something is now known about how bacteria protect themselves against viruses. Some bacteria and most archaea have CRISPR–Cas systems as an adaptive defence against viruses. These keep sections of viral DNA. These are used to target and destroy later infections by the virus. The process is similar to RNA interference.

All modern ideas start with the sequence analysis of DNA and RNA. In 1987, Carl Woese, the forerunner of the molecular phylogeny revolution, divided bacteria into 11 divisions based on 16S ribosomal RNA (SSU) sequences:



Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas

Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is a 2004 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It is the fifth main entry in the Grand Theft Auto series, following 2002's "Grand Theft Auto: Vice City", and the seventh installment overall. It was released in October 2004 for the PlayStation 2, in June 2005 for Microsoft Windows and Xbox, and in November 2010 for Mac OS X. The game is set within an open world environment that players can explore and interact with at their leisure. The story follows Carl "CJ" Johnson, who returns home following his mother's murder and is drawn back into his former gang and a life of crime while clashing with corrupt authorities and powerful criminals. Carl's journey takes him across the fictional U.S. state of San Andreas, which is based on California and Nevada and encompasses three major cities: Los Santos (inspired by Los Angeles), San Fierro (San Francisco) and Las Venturas (Las Vegas).

It is set in "third-person" which means the player can see the person (in this case it is CJ) on the screen. He is controlled using the left and right analog sticks on the PlayStation 2 controller. CJ is the character who is used to play with and he can perform different moves. These are shooting, kicking/punching, jumping, crouching, and even swimming. He can attack other people by either using hand-to-hand combat or shooting them. Sometimes, the attacked person may fight back and try to kill the player. He can get into a nearby vehicle or steal one from another person if it is being driven. If the police see CJ doing crimes, however, they will chase him and try to stop him. If CJ gets caught by the police he loses all of his weapons and some money and he will appear at the nearest police station (the same happens when the player dies, except he appears at a hospital instead). If CJ loses his weapons, he can buy weapons from different gun shops (although he must pay for them).
There are many missions to be taken; the game as a whole has a plot, and the missions the player solves make the plot go on and help the player for his/her abilities (which are for example swimming, condition but also driving bicycles without falling from them and better shooting. Respect is also an important 'ability' players can earn, as they need it to go on in the plot of the game and take more missions), and helps the player to earn money, which can be spent on cars, food (to stop the player from getting hungry), weapons, and a lot of other things. Besides missions, however, the player can also do a number of different challenges, which are not needed for the story but can be used just to help CJ earn some extra money. The game takes place in a fictional state called San Andreas, which has three cities: Los Santos (Los Angeles), San Fierro (San Francisco), and Las Venturas (Las Vegas). Between the cities are also countryside, and the desert of Bone County, based on the real life Nevada desert.

CJ can drive all sorts of vehicles. He can fly planes, drive cars sail boats and now a jet pack which was not in the previous games. In some vehicles that have hydraulics (where the car 'hops') the analog sticks can be used. If 'nitrous' have been put on (by using a nearby garage) he can drive at incredible speeds which are a lot faster than normal driving. It is also possible to drive around with go-karts or tractors, which was not possible in the previous games; but these vehicles are quite slow and more for fun than for travelling around the map. The player has to be careful, however, not to damage the vehicle too much, because then it might explode, killing or hurting CJ, and causing the vehicle to be useless. Vehicles can also be destroyed by hitting, shooting, setting the vehicle on fire, or driving it into water.

San Andreas Multiplayer and Multi Theft Auto, often shortened to SA-MP and MTA respectively, are popular multiplayer edits of the original game San Andreas. They have thousands of servers online and runs game servers.

Like previous games in the series, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has many radio stations that play songs. The player can listen to these radio stations when in most vehicles, or also from the "options" menu. The radio stations also have DJs and commercials to make them more realistic. There is even a talk radio station, where the player can listen to news within the game and entertainment programs. These radio stations include:

K-DST (Classic rock), Playback FM (Old school Hip-Hop), K-Rose (Country), Bounce FM (Funk), K-Jah West (Reggae and dub), Master Sounds 98.3 (Rare groove, jazz), CSR 103.9 (New Jack Swing), Radio Los Santos (Gangsta Rap), SF-UR (House), and WCTR (News & entertainment).

Carl "CJ" Johnson comes back to Los Santos, San Andreas in 1992 for his mother's funeral after living in Liberty City for five years since 1987. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for the death of a police officer. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.

San Andreas

San Andreas may mean:


Barry Switzer

Barry Switzer (born October 5, 1937 in Crossett, Arkansas, USA) was an American football coach. He coached both professional and college football for 32 years. Switzer is one of only three head coaches to win both a college football national championship and a Super Bowl. He has one of the highest winning percentages in the history of college football.
After high school, Switzer went to the University of Arkansas. He played football there from 1956 to 1960. After graduation, Switzer join the US Army for a short time. After the Army, he returned to the University of Arkansas to work as an assistant coach. 

After the 1966 season, Switzer became an assistant coach at the University of Oklahoma. He became head coach there in 1973. During his first two years as head coach, Oklahoma did not lose any games and won the national championship two time. They won the championship a third time in 1985. Switzer left Oklahoma in 1989. His record there was 157 wins, 29 losses and 4 ties.

In 1994, Switzer became the coach for the Dallas Cowboys. He led them to a win in Super Bowl XXX during the 1995 season. Switzer retired from coaching after the following season.

In 2001, Switzer was elected into the College Football Hall of Fame. On September 9, 2007, he began working with the FOX television network on its NFL pre-game show.

Constant

A constant is something that does not change. Constants (numbers) are used in maths and computer programming.

An important fact to remember in calculus is that the derivative of a constant is always zero.


Poker

Poker is a game which people play with a normal set (or "deck") of 52 cards. Poker is a gambling game which involves some luck, but also some skill. In poker, players make bets against each other depending on the value of their poker hand. Bets are usually made with plastic or ceramic discs called "chips". Bets may also be made with coins or cash, but chips are more often used because they are easier to handle and count. At the end of the game, players may swap their chips for money. If the players are not playing for real money, the chips are counted at the end of the game to determine the order of winners.

There are many different kinds of poker. In draw poker, each player is dealt five cards. A player can decide to throw away a number of these cards and then take ("draw") new cards to replace them.

In stud poker (for example, seven-card stud), some of each player's cards are laid ("face-up") on the table so that the other players can see them. In community card poker (for example, Texas hold 'em), players share some of their cards in the center of the table.

The history of poker is a matter of some debate. The name of the game likely descended from the French "poque", which descended from the German "pochen" ('to knock'), but it is not clear whether the origins of poker itself lie with the games bearing those names. It closely resembles the Persian game of "as nas", and may have been taught to French settlers in New Orleans by Persian sailors. It is commonly regarded as sharing ancestry with the Renaissance game of "primero" and the French "brelan". The English game "brag" (earlier bragg) clearly descended from "brelan" and incorporated bluffing (though the concept was known in other games by that time). It is quite possible that all of these earlier games influenced the development of poker as it exists now.

English actor Joseph Crowell reported that the game was played in New Orleans in 1829, with a deck of 20 cards, four players betting on which player's hand was the most valuable. Jonathan H. Green's book, "An Exposure of the Arts and Miseries of Gambling" (G. B. Zieber, Philadelphia, 1843), described the spread of the game from there to the rest of the country by Mississippi riverboats, on which gambling was a common pastime.

Soon after this spread, the full 52-card English deck was used, and the flush was introduced. During the American Civil War, many additions were made, including draw poker, stud poker (the five-card variant), and the straight. Further American developments followed, such as the wild card (around 1875), lowball and split-pot poker (around 1900), and community card poker games (around 1925). Spread of the game to other countries, particularly in Asia, is often attributed to the U.S. military.

The game and jargon of poker have become important parts of American culture and English culture. Such phrases as "ace in the hole", "beats me", "blue chip", "call the bluff", "cash in", "pass the buck", "poker face", "stack up", "up the ante", "when the chips are down", "wild card", and others are used in everyday conversation even by those unaware of their origins at the poker table.

Modern tournament play became popular in American casinos after the World Series of Poker began in 1970. It was also during that decade that the first serious strategy books appeared, notably "The Theory of Poker" by David Sklansky (), "Super System" by Doyle Brunson (), and "The Book of Tells" by Mike Caro ().

Poker became more popular early in the 21st century, largely due to the introduction of online poker and the invention of the hole-card camera which finally turned the game into a spectator sport. Viewers could now follow the action and drama of the game, and broadcasts of poker tournaments such as the World Series of Poker and the World Poker Tour brought in large television audiences.

The game of poker is played in hundreds of variations, but the following overview of game play applies to most of them.

Depending on the game rules, one or more players may be required to place an initial amount of money into the pot before the cards are dealt. These are called forced bets and come in three forms: antes, blinds, and bring-ins.

Like most card games, the dealer shuffles the deck of cards. The deck is then cut, and the appropriate number of cards are dealt face-down to the players. In a casino a "house" dealer handles the cards for each hand, but a "button" (any small item used as a marker, also called a "buck") is rotated among the players to determine the order of dealing and betting in certain games. In a home game, the right to deal the cards typically rotates among the players clockwise, but a "button" may still be used.

After the initial deal, the first of what may be several betting rounds begins. Between rounds, the players' hands "develop" in some way, often by being dealt additional cards or replacing cards previously dealt. During a round of betting, there will always be a "current bet amount", which is the total amount of money bet in this round by the player who bet last in this round. To keep better track of this, it is conventional for players to not place their bets directly into the pot (called "splashing" the pot), but rather place them in front of themselves toward the pot, until the betting round is over. When the round is over, the bets are then gathered into the pot.

After the first betting round is completed (every participating player having called an equal amount), there may be more rounds in which more cards are dealt in various ways, followed by further rounds of betting (into the same central pot). At any time during the first or subsequent betting rounds, if one player makes a bet and all other players fold, the deal ends immediately, the single remaining player is awarded the pot, no cards are shown, no more rounds are dealt, and the next deal begins. This is what makes it possible to bluff.

At the end of the last betting round, if more than one player remains, there is a showdown in which the players reveal their previously hidden cards and evaluate their hands. The player with the best hand according to the poker variant being played wins the pot.

The following are poker hands, from best to worst:


Poker chips are small discs. They made by various materials including molded plastic, colored metal  molded clays. They are used in table games as play money. Modern poker traces its roots towards the 1800s, and in those days, players used what you could to help keep a tally. Coins, gold dust and nuggets were used until they considered replacing with something which would indicate them. Thus, the casino chips happen to be introduced within the gambling business.

Poker rooms started using casino chips to simply manage the cash and then collect charges. In those days, casino chips were created of ivory, bone, paper  wood. However, the most generally used chips were created of composite clay. One problem made an appearance due to the developing casino chips which was cheating. Some players considered sneaking some chips in their hands. To avoid this, manufacturers created differentiated disks. Consequently, a range of styles was created. With time, other manufacturers could use many other materials for making casino chips, for example, plastic and metal.


El Salvador

El Salvador () is the smallest and most densely populated country in Central America. The country's capital and largest city is San Salvador. Other important cities are: Santa Ana and Sonsonate. El Salvador borders the Pacific Ocean on the south, Guatemala to the west and Honduras to the north and east.

In 2010 El Salvador ranked in the top 10 Latin American countries in terms of Human Development Index. It was in the top 3 in Central America (behind Costa Rica and Panama). Also, tropical forests and overall forests have expanded by nearly 20% from the year 1992 to 2010, making it one of the few countries experiencing reforestation.

In El Salvador there are only two seasons. The dry season starts in mid-October and it lasts until mid May. During the dry season, it hardly ever rains. The wet season starts in mid-May and ends in mid-October. It rains every day. The dry season is called summer and the rainy season is called winter.

Most of the population is mestizo, a mixture of European and American people.

In June 2021, it became the first country in the world to make Bitcoin legal tender. In September 2021, the country began accepting Bitcoin as an official currency, making it the first country to do so.

The civilization of El Salvador began around 1500 B.C., leaving an evidence that would be the Tazumal Ruins and Chalchuapa Ruins. The first inhabitants were Pocomanes, Lencas and Pipiles. They stayed in the middle and east zone of El Salvador until about the eleventh century. The Spaniard Andrés Niño led an expedition from Central America and arrived in Meanguera Island in the Gulf of Fonseca on May 31, 1522. That was the first Salvadoran territory visited by Spaniard men.

In June 1524, Pedro de Alvarado began a war of conquest against Cuzcatlán (Land of beautiful things) that was populated by the native tribes of the country. During 17 days of bloody battles many natives and Spaniard men died, including the native Atlacatl. Pedro de Alvarado, deterred and injured, left the battle and set off to Guatemala, leaving his brother, Gonzalo de Alvarado, to continue the conquest of Cuzcatlan. After this, their cousin, Diego de Alvardo established the San Salvador Ville on April 1525 in a site named La Bermuda, near Suchitoto City. In 1546, Carlos I from Spain named San Salvador a city.

During the following years, the country grew under Spaniard control. In 1810 a feeling of freedom formed in the countries of Central America. On the morning of November 5th, 1811, the priest José Matías Delgado rang the bells of La Merced Church in San Salvador, calling for an uprising. After many internal conflicts, the Declaration of Independence of Central América was signed in Guatemala on September 15th, 1821. That day is the Independence day all around Central America.

El Salvador has a total area of . As the smallest country in continental America, El Salvador is sometimes called "Pulgarcito de America" (the "Tom Thumb of the Americas"). The highest point in El Salvador is Cerro El Pital, at , on the border with Honduras.

El Salvador has a long history of destructive earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The capital San Salvador was destroyed in 1756 and 1854, and suffered heavy damage in the 1919, 1982, and 1986 tremors. El Salvador has over twenty volcanoes. Two of them, San Miguel and Izalco, have been active in recent years.

El Salvador has over 300 rivers. The most important is the Rio Lempa. Important lakes are Lake Ilopango (70 km²) and Lake Coatepeque (26 km²).

There are eight species of sea turtles in the world. Of these six nest on the coasts of Central America, and four make their home on the Salvadoran coast: the leatherback turtle, the hawksbill, the Galapagos green turtle and the olive ridley sea turtle.

It is estimated that there are 500 species of birds, 1,000 species of butterflies, 400 species of orchids, 800 species of trees, and 800 species of marine fish in El Salvador.

There are 4 national parks in El Salvador: El Imposible, Los Volcanes, Montecristo, and San Diego y San Felipe Las Barras.

El Salvador is divided into 14 departments ("departamentos"). These are divided into 262 municipalities ("municipios").

Isabelle of Hainaut

Isabelle of Hainaut (5 April, 1170 - 15 March, 1190) was a Queen of France. She was born in Lille on 5 April 1170. Her father was Baldwin V of Hainaut and her mother was Margaret I of Flanders. She married Philip II of France in 1180.

Fragaria

' is a Latin word for the group of "strawberry-like" plants, formed by putting ' ("strawberry") together with the ending ", which here means something close to the English "-like".

People have eaten different kinds of wild strawberries for thousands of years. In Europe, people usually grew the woodland strawberry. Dutch people learned how to eat them through most of the year by planting their seeds at different times, letting them harvest for nine months of the year. The Alpine strawberry became popular around the 1650s because it was a little bigger and could grow in places with less strong sunlight, like the British islands in the late fall. Today's bigger "garden" strawberry was first made around Brest in Brittany (northwest France) in the 1750s. It was made by joining the Virginia strawberry from eastern North America to the European Hautbois and the Chilean strawberry from western South America.

The species of the genus " are:


The real fruit of the strawberries are the achenes, which people usually think of as the little seeds around the outside of the larger red "fruit". What people think is the "fruit" is really the swollen stems between these fruit. This kind of fruit, where different ovaries grow into a single larger fruit, is called an "aggregate fruit". 

1859

1859 was a common year.



Paul Simon

Paul Simon (born October 13, 1941) is an American musician and songwriter. He is of Jewish descent and became famous as a member of Simon and Garfunkel, with his friend, Art Garfunkel. He wrote their songs. The two went their separate ways in the early 1970s and since then Simon has become a successful solo artist.

Paul Simon had his first success in 1958 when his song "Hey Schoolgirl" got to Number 49 on the US charts. He was performing with his friend Art Garfunkel in an act called "Tom and Jerry". His next success was in 1965 with "Sounds of Silence" which went to Number 1. This was also performed with Garfunkel under the name "Simon and Garfunkel.

Some of Simon's most famous songs include "Slip Sliding Away", "American Tune", "Late in the Evening", "Still Crazy After All These Years", "Me and Julio Down By the School Yard" and "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover". His 1986 album "Graceland" is very well-known. He is still producing music. His newest album is called "Surprise".

Simon has received three honorary doctorates in music, including one from Yale University and one from Berklee College of Music. In 2006, "Time" said that he was one of the 100 "people who shape our world".


Shirley Jones

Shirley Jones (b. March 31, 1934) is an American and singer and actress. She appeared in movie musicals, singing a leading role in movies such as "Oklahoma!", "The Music Man", and "Carousel". 

Jones had a supporting role in the movie "Elmer Gantry", starring actor Burt Lancaster. She is also famous for her role as Shirley Partridge on the television series "The Partridge Family".

She was married to Jack Cassidy, from 1956 to 1975, and had three sons with him, Shaun, Patrick, and Ryan. Her stepson is David Cassidy who co-starred with her on "The Partridge Family". After she divorced Cassidy she married Marty Ingels on November 13, 1977. Their marriage would last until Ingels' death in October 2015.


DeForest Kelley

Jackson DeForest Kelley (January 20, 1920 – June 11, 1999) was an American actor. 

Kelley is most famous for his role as Dr. Leonard McCoy of the USS "Enterprise" in the television series "Star Trek" and the six movies that followed.

Also known as well as an older Admiral Dr. Leonard McCoy, Star Fleet Surgeon General Emeritus, in the "" television pilot, "Encounter at Farpoint".


Scott Bakula

Scott Bakula (October 9, 1954) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles on the television shows, "Quantum Leap" and "".



Forestry

Forestry means working to take care of forests. Someone who has a job looking after forests is called a forester.
Forests are very important for the world today. Much of the water cycle and carbon cycle goes through forests. Many of them are disappearing because people destroy them for firewood or to make farms. A forester makes sure the forest and all the animals that live there are healthy. Foresters also make sure the forest is in good condition for people to use. They makes sure that forests are not destroyed by wildfires before they are ready to use for timber production (cutting down trees to use the wood). 

Forests are important for recreation (letting people enjoy them). They are very important today because humans produce a lot of carbon dioxide and the trees in forests help to turn this back into oxygen, which we breathe to live. Foresters also help the government figure out what to do about artificial forestry. Many universities offer forestry courses. Forestry students also study zoology, botany and ecology.

List of soccer clubs in the United States

This is a list of soccer clubs in the United States.





One of three leagues that forms the current third level.



Formed in 2021, starting play in 2022, as a dedicated MLS developmental league also at the third level. Of the 21 teams in the first season, only Rochester New York FC is not owned and operated by an MLS team.



The professional division of U.S. Soccer has had three different first-division women's leagues. The first, the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA), was founded in 2001, but folded due to large debts after the 2003 season. The second, Women's Professional Soccer (WPS), was effectively a successor to WUSA, although it did not begin until 2009. Like WUSA before it, WPS played three seasons, but also lost large amounts of money; it first decided not to play its planned 2012 season, and then completely folded in May of that year.

After WPS folded, the effective top level of women's soccer in the U.S. was WPSL Elite, a "semi-pro" league that had both professional and amateur teams. WPSL Elite was created by the Women's Premier Soccer League, one of two second-division women's leagues, as an outlet for former WPS teams, as well as WPSL teams that wanted to play professionally. WPSL Elite played in 2012 with eight teams; six were professional, and three once played in WPS. The other second-division league was the W-League, part of the United Soccer Leagues. WPSL Elite was planned as a temporary league before a possible return of WPS.

In late 2012, a totally new top-level league was created, known as the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL). It was run by U.S. Soccer until 2020, and started play in 2013 with eight teams, four of which had been members of WPS. The league added teams in 2014 and 2016 to become a 10-team league, making it the first professional women's league in the U.S. to have more than eight teams and last more than three seasons. The league dropped to 9 teams in 2017, but returned to 10 in 2021 and further expanded to 12 for 2022.

Operated from 2001 to 2003.

Operated from 2009 to 2011.


Currently Operating


"Indoor soccer" is a form of soccer played inside a building, sometimes called an arena, instead of in a stadium on a grass field. There is one league playing indoor soccer in North America, and that is the Major Arena Soccer League. The MASL is part of the USSF. It is also the only league in the United States to have a Mexican team.




Oregon

Oregon is a state in the United States. Salem is the capital (where most of the state government works), and Portland is the city with the most people. Oregon was the 33rd state to join the United States, in 1859.

The state of Washington is to the north of Oregon. California and Nevada are to the south. Idaho is to the east. The Pacific Ocean is to the west.

The Columbia River flows along most of the border with Washington. The Snake River flows along much of the border with Idaho. The highest mountain is Mount Hood ( high), part of the Cascade Range of mountains. Another famous Cascade Mountain in Oregon is Mount Mazama, better known as Crater Lake.

Oregon was a long way from the United States of America, which was east of the Mississippi river in the 1830s and 1840s. To get to Oregon, settlers had to cross the Great Plains, which were empty except for a few forts and groups of Native Americans. Most people thought that it was impossible to farm there. They called it the "Great American Desert", because crossing it was long and dangerous; however, thousands did anyway.

Mountain men (people who knew a lot about living in mountainous places) had found a passway over the Rocky Mountains, and they named it the South Pass. This path helped many wagons to reach the west coast. In 1836 a missionary named Marcus Whitman crossed through the pass with his wife to Oregon. This proved that it was possible for others with women and families to go too, and because of this, Oregon suddenly became the place pioneers wanted to make a trip to.

Most of the settlers that came by the Oregon Trail had a very difficult trip. The Trail began in Missouri, and they went in covered wagons pulled by animals like bulls. They could only travel 100 miles in one week, and so the whole trip would take half a year. But still, lots of pioneers traveled so much that it is still possible to see the wagon ruts in some places today.

Life on the trail was very hard for the pioneers. Every day, they would break up and camp, travel all day, and set up camp again. Food was usually beans and coffee, for every single day of the trip. The travelers always searched for water, wood for fires, and something to catch and eat fresh. But these were hard to find, and so sometimes they got mad at each other and fought with fists and guns.

The Trail was also dangerous. Rivers could flood, washing away people and other things. Native Americans could attack, oxen or horses could die, and diseases and injuries could strike.

By 1840, due to all the hard work of the pioneers, there were thousands of Americans in Oregon. Towns and farms had been set up. The area was part of British North America at the time. But the British, however, only had a few hundred settlers in Oregon. Because of this, the Americans began to plan to take over the whole land.

Many Americans wanted this as well. They made up the slogan, "Fifty-four Forty or Fight!" and wanted all of Oregon up to latitude 54 or they would go to war with Britain to get it. They were so eager to have Oregon all for themselves, they supported James Polk as president because he claimed to have similar thoughts with them as well.

However, after President Polk was elected, he began to be more sensible. He did not want to wage war with Britain, if it could be avoided. The British also realized that the Americans would soon have enough settlers in Oregon to easily drive out the British defenders. In 1846 the British offered to divide Oregon by giving most of the border land between the USA and what is now Canada. President Polk accepted this, and so now the Americans had power over Oregon as well as the other states.

There are a number of colleges and universities in Oregon. The four-year universities with the most students are Portland State University, Oregon State University, and the University of Oregon.



Arkansas

Arkansas, nicknamed the "Land of Opportunity" or "The Natural State", is a state in the United States of America. Its capital and largest city is Little Rock. The 2020 census counted 3,013,756 people living in Arkansas.

Arkansas became the 25th state to enter the Union in 1836. During the American Civil War, Arkansas was one of the Confederate states, however, it was the second state to be put back in to the U.S. in the Reconstruction. Native Americans first settled in the state before the arrival of Europeans. African American slaves were imported to Arkansas for slavery.

Arkansas has many rivers, lakes, and reservoirs. Arkansas has few natural lakes but many reservoirs such as Bull Shoals Lake, Lake Ouachita, Greers Ferry Lake, Millwood Lake, Beaver Lake, Norfork Lake, DeGray Lake, and Lake Conway.

Arkansas is home to many caves, such as Blanchard Springs Caverns. More than 43,000 Native American living, hunting and tool making sites have been catalogued by the State Archeologist. Arkansas is currently the only U.S. state in which diamonds are mined. This is done by members of the public with primitive digging tools for a small daily fee, not by commercial interests.

Arkansas is home to a bunch of wood Areas adding around . These areas are set for outdoor playing and are open to hunting, fishing, hiking, and camping. No vehicles are able to drive in these areas.

Arkansas, like most other Southern states, is part of the Bible Belt. It is mostly Protestant. The largest denominations by number of followers in 2000 were the Southern Baptist Convention with 665,307; the United Methodist Church with 179,383; the Roman Catholic Church with 115,967; and the American Baptist Association with 115,916.

Education in Arkansas has been an issue. Part of the problem has been low teacher salaries and small budgets for spending on students. Other problems have been not wanting to integrate, and poor school facilities.

Arkansas has two university systems: Arkansas State University System and University of Arkansas System. Some other public institutions are Arkansas Tech University, Henderson State University, Southern Arkansas University, and University of Central Arkansas. It is also home to 11 private colleges and universities. One of them being Hendrix College, one of the nation's top 100 liberal arts colleges, according to U.S. News & World Report.

Arkansas is liked for its bauxite mines. Arkansas was also the first U.S. state where diamonds were found. Liked Arkansans are Bill Clinton, who was governor of Arkansas before he became the President of the United States, Sam Walton, the ceo of Wal-Mart, Johnny Cash, a famous guitar player known as "The Man In Black", and Rodger Bumpass, Who is the voice Squidward Tentacles on the Nickelodeon show SpongeBob SquarePants.

Arkansas is home to many areas protected by the National Park System. These include:


Robert Englund

Robert Englund (born June 6, 1949 in Glendale, California) is an American actor. He is most famous for playing Freddy Krueger in the "A Nightmare on Elm Street" movies.


Henry IV of France

Henry IV (13 December 1553 – 14 May 1610), "Henri-Quatre", was King of France from 1589 to 1610 and King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610. He was part of the Capetian dynasty and the first king of the Bourbon family in France.

Henry IV was born in Pau. He was the son of Antoine de Bourbon and Jeanne of Navarre. He was baptised in a Catholic ceremony, but as he grew up, his mother led him to become a Protestant. On 18 August 1572, Henry married Margaret of Valois. She was the sister of Charles IX. He became the King of Navarre in the same year.

Since 1562, there had been a a series of wars in France which were mostly fought between Catholics and Protestants, and sometimes with more than one groups of Catholics fighting each other. In 1584, Henry became the heir to the throne of France. Most people in France were Catholics, and many of them did not want a Protestant king. This led to the War of the Three Henrys between Henry of Navarre, the existing Catholic king Henry III and Catholic League leader Henry, Duke of Guise. Although both Henry III and Guise were Catholics, they did not get on with each other. Guise was murdered in 1588 and Henry III was murdered the following year.

Henry of Navarre could now be crowned King of France, but he still faced opposition from the Catholic League. After four years of fighting, he decided to convert to being Catholic. He supposedly said "Paris is well worth a Mass." After this, the opposition to Henry died down. In 1598, Henry made the Edict of Nantes. This law allowed people in France to be Protestant, even though most people were Catholic. In Europe at the time, a policy like this was unusual. Most countries forced people to be either Catholic or Protestant. However, the Edict did not make the Protestants fully equal.

Henry's children were Louis XIII and Henrietta Maria of France, who married Charles I and became the Queen of England. He was a friend of Michel of Montaigne.

During his reign, he built the Grande Galerie onto the Louvre. Two landmarks in Paris were started during his reign: the Pont Neuf and the Place des Vosges.

Henry was murdered by a Catholic fanatic on a street in Paris on 14 May 1610.

At first, many people in France did not want Henry to be king, because he was a Protestant. Although this mostly ended once he joined the Catholic Church, some Catholics called him a liar, while some Protestants called him a traitor. It was only after his death that he became known as "Good King Henry" (in French, "le bon roi Henri") and one of France's most popular kings. During the early years of the French Revolution, Henry IV was celebrated as an example of what a king should be. He was also celebrated during the Bourbon Restoration.

Henry IV is remembered for being the king who ended the French Wars of Religion, and for his policy of allowing more than one church in his country, which was unusual in those days. He was also known for trying to make sure that poor people had enough to eat. He once said he wished that there could be "a chicken in every pot on a Sunday."

In 2010 scientists found part of his embalmed head and used forensic tests to prove that it was his. It had been stolen from the tombs of the French kings and queens in Saint Denis in 1793 at the time of the French Revolution.

Margaret of Valois

Margaret of Valois (May 14, 1553 – May 27, 1615) was a Princess of France and a member of the house of Valois.

Her father was Henry II of France and her mother was Catherine of Medici. She was also the sister of Francis II of France, Charles IX of France and Henry III of France. Margaret was then married to Henry IV of France.

The author Alexandre Dumas, père wrote a book about Margaret called "Queen Margot".

Queen Margot

Queen Margot is a book written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas, père. It is a story about Margaret of Valois and Henry IV of France. The same writer wrote many other books including "The Man in the Iron Mask", "The Count of Monte Cristo" and "The Three Musketeers".

Henrietta Maria of France

Henrietta Maria of France (November 25, 1609 - September 10, 1669) was the youngest daughter of Henry IV of France and Marie de' Medici. She was born in the Louvre Palace in Paris on November 25, 1609. She was a Roman Catholic.

Henrietta Maria married Charles I and became the Queen of England.

Madonna

Madonna can mean:


Madonna (entertainer)

Madonna Louise Ciccone (born August 16, 1958), is an American singer-songwriter, dancer, actress, author, director, philanthropist, businesswoman, record producer, film director, and humanitarian. Madonna was born in Bay City, Michigan, but she moved to New York City in 1977 to pursue a career in modern dance.

During her career, she has sold over 400 million records worldwide and is the top-selling female artist of all time. Some of her most famous albums are "Like a Virgin", "True Blue", "Like a Prayer", "Ray of Light" and "Confessions On a Dance-Floor". She has won seven Grammy awards. Madonna is considered the "Queen Of Pop" due to her extremely successful career on music and for being the most selling female singer in history. She has been in many movies; she received positive reviews for her role in "Desperately Seeking Susan" (1985). Her later movies received mixed reviews. She received critical acclaim and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for "Evita" (1996). She got harsh feedback for other performances.

Madonna Louise Ciccone was born at Mercy Hospital in Bay City, Michigan, She is third child and first daughter from Madonna Louise (née Fortin) and Silvio Anthony "Tony" Ciccone, She had four brothers and two sister by her family, Her name Madonna is from her mother side that, She is from Roman Catholic family by parents, She is Confirmation on 1966, Finally Her mother is died by Breast cancer in December 1963, His father remarried to housekeeper Joan Gustafson, They have two children Jennifer and Mario, Madonna is had one half-sister and one half-brother by her family. Madonna study at St. Frederick's and St. Andrew's Catholic Elementary Schools, and West Middle School and Rochester Adams High School, where she became a straight-A student and a member of the cheerleading squad, She is study University of Michigan and then She studied over the summer at the American Dance Festival in Durham, North Carolina.

After the release of some dance hits she released her first album, "Madonna", in 1983. The album was a great success. Her next album, "Like a Virgin" (1984), sold over 6 million copies in the United States only and overall 10 million copies worldwide. Her album "True Blue" has sold 25 million copies. Her album "Like a Prayer" caused controversy, as it had to do with Christianity but the album sold over 15 million records worldwide. During the 1980s, Madonna was a huge fashion icon and was an idol for millions of girls and boys. Songs like "Like a Virgin", "Material Girl", "Into the Groove", "Papa Don't Preach", "Holiday", "Lucky Star", "La Isla Bonita", and "Like a Prayer" are believed to be classics.

In 1990, she released her best selling greatest-hits album "The Immaculate Collection" which sold over 30 million copies, and this album became the most-sold greatest-hits album in music history. She released a book of naked pictures called "SEX" in that year. Her album "Erotica" was a big hit but was criticized by some, the album sold 5 million copies. Madonna starred in the film "A League of Their Own", alongside American actor Tom Hanks and comedienne Rosie O'Donnell. In 1994, her album "Bedtime Stories" was released. She also performed in the movie "Evita", which was very successful and released a soundtrack album of the same name. She also received the Golden Globe for Best Actress. Her 1998 album "Ray of Light" is considered to be a masterpiece and sold over 18 million copies worldwide. Some of her most famous and classic songs of the '90s are "Vogue", "This Used to Be My Playground", "Erotica", "Take a Bow", "Don't Cry for Me Argentina", "You Must Love Me", "Frozen" and "Ray of Light".

In 2000, her album "Music" sold over 15 million copies worldwide, helped by the global hit song of the same name. "Music" became her twelfth number-one song on the "Billboard" Hot 100. She also released a successful greatest hits album titled "GHV2". Madonna acted in the film "The Next Best Thing", along with "Swept Away", which got bad reviews. On October 22, 2002, a single called "Die Another Day" was released. The music video for the single was the second most expensive music video ever to make. The single reached number one in several countries. Her 2003 album, "American Life," reached #1 in many countries but it was criticized by some, as it was against war in Iraq and sold 5 million copies. In 2005, her album "Confessions on a Dance Floor", helped by the singles "Hung Up" and "Sorry" that reached #1 in 45 countries, sold 12 million copies. In 2008 she released her album "Hard Candy" which reached #1 in almost every country in the world and has sold over 4 million copies worldwide. The first single from the album, "4 Minutes", had Justin Timberlake singing in it.

In 2011, "W.E.", the second movie directed by Madonna, was released. It got bad reviews.

Madonna performed at the 46th Super Bowl on February 5, 2012. She released her twelfth album, "MDNA", in April of that year. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart. Trinidadian-born American rapper Nicki Minaj was featured on the lead single, "Give Me All Your Luvin"', which reached the top ten in the United States and reached number one in Canada. Minaj also raps on the album track "I Don't Give A".

Madonna's thirteenth studio album, "Rebel Heart", was released in March 2015. It featured the singles "Living For Love" and "Bitch I'm Madonna" featuring frequent collaborator Nicki Minaj. The Rebel Heart World Tour made $169.8 million.

Her fourteenth studio album, "Madame X", was released on June 14, 2019, and became her ninth number-one album in the US. It featured collaborations with Maluma, Quavo, Swae Lee & Anitta. It has sold 90,000 copies in the US so far. She will be going on a theatre-only tour to promote it.

Her tours during the 80's ("Who's That Girl Tour," "Blond Ambition Tour," etc.) were very successful. Her 1993 "The Girlie Show Tour" was very controversial—some thought of it as bad—but was a great success. The "Drowned World Tour" and the "Re-Invention World Tour" were the most successful tours of their years. The "Confessions Tour" was very successful and the "Sticky & Sweet Tour," with over $408 million earned, became the most successful tour of all time for a solo artist.

Madonna has had 12 number-one songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100. They are:
Madonna is the third of six siblings and was named after her mother, Madonna Fortin, who died of breast cancer when Madonna was only five years old.

Both Madonna's marriages ended in divorce. She was married to Sean Penn from 1985 until 1989 and to Guy Ritchie from 2000 to 2008. She has a daughter, Lourdes (born 1996), and son, Rocco (born 2000). She adopted a Malawian son, David Banda, and a daughter, Mercy.

In February 2017, it was announced that she had adopted two more Malawian children, twin girls Esther and Stella.


Tortilla

A tortilla is a flat bread used in Mexican cuisine. They are used in burritos, enchiladas, and mainly as a wrap called taco. They are normally made of maize (corn), but can also be made of wheat or potatoes.

In Spanish cuisine, tortillas are very different; they are closer to an omelette based on potatoes, usually mixed with other ingredients like onions, pork sausages or other vegetables; they can be baked or cooked in a frying pan. Also many Latin-American countries call omelettes tortillas, and the ingredients can be different in every country, using their local ingredients and by choice of the chef.
In Armenian cuisine a tortilla is known as lavash which is a type of flat bread.

Bit

Bit can have different meanings:

EastEnders

EastEnders is a British drama season TV soap opera in the United Kingdom. It has been running since February 1985, and has had over 5700 episodes. The programme is a rival of "Coronation Street" and "Emmerdale". It is shown on BBC One.

The programme is in a pretend area of East London, called Walford. It is filmed in Elstree, a village in Borehamwood. Like "Coronation Street", most action is around a local pub. The pub in "EastEnders" is called The Queen Vic.

There are many story lines, including drug abuse, rape, racism, domestic violence, murder, kidnapping, prostitution, theft, senile dementia, arson, and runaway children.

Arguments between members of one family, or between different families, are often in the storyline.

It has won six BAFTA awards.


Genetic

Genetic can refer to:

Philip II of Spain

Philip II of Spain (21 May 1527 – 13 September 1598) was, starting in 1556, king of Spain, and Burgundy, Netherlands, Naples, Sicily, and Spanish America. He was born in Valladolid and was the only son of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V and his wife to live until he was an adult. He was strongly Catholic.

His rule was filled with troubles since his war against the Dutch Republic was expensive and unsuccessful, and his Spanish Armada was defeated and destroyed, which caused him to be harsh to his subjects.

For the first seven years of his life, Philip moved between different castles with his mother. In 1534 he moved into a private house in Salamanca to start his schooling. His mother died in 1539 and he took her body to Granada, where his great-grandparents Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella were buried. He left Spain in 1547 and moved to the Netherlands, where his father's family was from. His father wanted him to become more European but the people there thought he was too cold and serious.


Phillip II obtained most of his titles from his parents. He also obtained some other titles later, like King of Portugal.

In Castile he was: King of Castile, Leon, Grenada, Toledo, Seville, Cordoba, Murcia, Jaen, Algarves, Gibraltar, Algeciras, Canary Islands, of the Indias, the Islands and Mainland of the Ocean Sea, and Lord of Molina.

In Aragon he was: King of Aragon, Majorca, Menorca, Sardinia and Corsica, Naples, Sicily, Valencia, Navarre, Jerusalem, Margrave of Oristano, Count of Goceano, Count of Barcelona, Count of Roussillon, Count of Cerdanya, Duke of Athens, Duke of Neopatria.

In Portugal he was: King of Portugal, either side of the sea in Africa, Lord of Guinea and of Conquest, Navigation, and Commerce of Ethiopia, Arabia, Persia, and India, etc.

In England he was: King of England and France (titular) and Ireland.

Hapsburg Titles: Duke of Milan, Imperial vicar of Siena, Archduke of Austria, Princely Count of Habsburg and of Tyrol, Prince of Swabia.

In Burgundy: Lord of the Netherlands, Duke of Lothier, of Brabant, of Limburg, of Luxemburg, of Guelders. Count of Flanders, of Artois, of Hainaut, of Holland, of Zeeland, of Namur, of Zutphen. Margrave of the Holy Roman Empire, Lord of Frisia, Salins, Mechelen, the cities, towns and lands of Utrecht, Overyssel, GroningenCount Palatine of Burgundy from 10 June 1556; Count of Charolais from 21 September 1558

Honours


William II of England

William II of England (c. 1 September 1056–2 August 1100) was King of England from 1087 until 1100. He was the second son of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. He was a harsh ruler and was not very liked. He did not have a wife or any children. He died on 2 August 1100 in the New Forest when he was shot by an arrow while hunting with his brother-in-law, Walter Tirel (Tryyel) and other friends.

Mary I of England

Mary I (18 February 1516 – 17 November 1558), also known as Mary Tudor, was Queen regnant of England and Ireland from 19 July 1553 until her death. She was the oldest daughter of Henry VIII, and the only child of Catherine of Aragon who survived childhood.

Mary succeeded her short-lived half-brother, Edward VI, to the English throne. She was the fourth crowned monarch of the Tudor dynasty. Mary is remembered for briefly re-making England a Roman Catholic country.

Mary had more than 280 disagreeing religious people burned at the stake, which are recorded in John Foxe's Book of Martyrs. Due to this, many called her "Bloody Mary". Her half sister on her fathers side, Elizabeth I, came to the throne after Mary's death. Elizabeth made England Protestant again and persecuted Catholics who were viewed as "traitor".

Mary Tudor was born on 18 February 1516, in the Palace of Placentia in Greenwich. Unlike the other children of Catherine, she lived to be an adult. Her godfather was the famous Cardinal Thomas Wolsey.

Although she was not the heir Henry VIII was looking forward to, she was loved by her parents. When she was about 11, Henry decided to divorce Mary's mother, Catherine of Aragon, so he could marry Anne Boleyn.

After Anne Boleyn had a daughter, Henry VlII distrusted Mary and thought that her behavior came from her mother. So he purposefully separated Mary and Catherine of Aragon. He also banished them both from court and he removed Mary from the order of succession. Mary had to become one of her servants. After Anne Boleyn was killed by the King, Mary's half-sister also became a servant. A month later, Henry VIII married Jane Seymour. Queen Jane gave birth to Edward, Prince of Wales. 12 days later, Queen Jane died.

Mary lost a faithful friend and also her pride. She had acknowledged her parents' marriage as invalid and herself an illegitimate daughter. The rest of Mary's life with Henry VIII gave her a quick succession of stepmothers. Henry VIII died soon after marrying his last wife, Catherine Parr.

Henry had decided that the young prince was to succeed him. If he had no heirs then his older half-sister, Mary, was to be Queen.

If Mary did not produce a child, then Mary's half-sister, Elizabeth, was to be Queen. After Elizabeth and her heirs, would come Henry's sister Mary Tudor's side of the family.
Edward succeeded to the throne as King of England and Ireland. Edward began to show signs of a coughing disease.

Edward did not want Mary to succeed him. Edward went ahead with a plan to let his Protestant cousin Lady Jane Grey become Queen after he died. Lady Jane Grey was only queen of England for nine days. Mary executed her and married Philip II of Spain.

Mary had two phantom pregnancies (or false pregnancies), but had no child. The phantom pregnancies were cancer in her liver. After Mary died Elizabeth succeeded to the throne, becoming the new Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Edward VI of England

Edward VI (12 October 1537 – 6 July 1553) was King of England and Ireland, from 28 January 1547, until his death on 6 July 1553.

Edward was the son of Henry VIII of England and Jane Seymour. His mother died 12 days after his birth. He became king at the age of 9 when his father died. Although he had two older sisters, Mary and Elizabeth, Edward was the next in line for the throne because he was male. Because he was such a young king, the country was governed by nobles. He had two advisors (or regents). The first was his uncle, Edward Seymour, Duke of Somerset, who became Lord Protector. For the first two-and-a-half years of Edward's reign, Lord Somerset advised and guided the young king. Somerset was then replaced by John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland.

Edward was the first Protestant king of England. Although his father, Henry VIII, had broken the Church of England away from the Roman Catholic Church, he had not changed much else. Most of the major changes to the Church of England happened during Edward's reign. They were led by Somerset, Northumberland and Archbishop Thomas Cranmer. Also during his reign, England tried to take over Scotland. After a good start, it ended in defeat. His reign also saw economic problems and unrest.

He died when he was years old, probably from tuberculosis. Before he died, Edward named his cousin, Lady Jane Grey, as his heir and excluded his half-sisters, Mary and Elizabeth. He was trying to prevent Mary, a Catholic, from returning the country to Catholicism. However, Mary overthrew Jane less than two weeks later and became the queen. Mary undid the reforms of Edward's reign, but Elizabeth restored them in 1559.

Laws were passed to make churches more plain. Catholic churches were rich in decorations and colour. Now under Edward, stained glass windows and icons were removed from churches; the furniture within churches became very basic and plain.

The actual services became more plain and the common person could now understand what was being said at services – now called Holy Communion – were in English rather than Latin. Archbishop Thomas Cranmer wrote the Book of Common Prayer also in English. Priests did not have to dress in the bright clothing associated with the Catholic Church and under Edward. They were also allowed to marry. The king remained as Head of the Church.

All of these changes were a major break from the traditions of the Catholic Church. In parts of Germany and Switzerland, religious groups had also broken away in protest against the wealth and corruption of the Catholic Church. They became known as Protestant, and England under Edward, became a Protestant country with an independent Church of England.

Edward had never been a healthy boy and his health failed in 1553. After the nine-day reign of Lady Jane Grey, his Catholic half-sister Mary became queen of England and the country went through another period of religious changes.

Richard I of England

Richard I of England (8 September 1157 – 6 April 1199) was the King of England from 1189 to 1199. He was also Duke of Normandy, Aquitaine and Gascony, Lord of Cyprus, and Count of Poitiers, Anjou, Maine, and Nantes, and was overlord of Brittany at various times. He is sometimes called Richard the Lionheart or Richard coeur de lion which means the same thing in French. Richard was the son of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine. As the third son, he was not expected to inherit the throne, and he was a replacement child. At the age of 11, he became Duke of Aquitaine.

Later, Richard was one of the leaders of the Third Crusade against Saladin. During his journey, he conquered Sicily and Cyprus. He fought in the Siege of Acre and the Battle of Arsuf. In the end, the crusade did not succeed: Richard was never able to win back Jerusalem from the Muslims. He decided to return home to England. 

On his way back from the crusade, Richard was captured by Duke Leopold of Austria. The English people had to pay a huge ransom to set him free. He was considered a brave and noble king, but he spent only six months of his eleven-year reign in England. He died after being shot with a crossbow while besieging a castle in Limousin. 

King Richard’s remains were buried in different places. His body was buried at Fontevraud Abbey near Saumur in France, with his father and mother. His internal organs were buried at Châlus, (at "The Château de Châlus-Chabrol"), near Limoges in central France. His heart was buried in the Notre Dame Cathedral at Rouen. 

King Richard’s heart was found in 1838 and was examined by scientists in 2012. They did tests for poisons, because one medieval story claimed Richard had died from a poisoned arrow. They found no evidence to support this idea. Richard probably died from gangrene or septicaemia from the arrow wound.

Richard was succeeded by his younger brother, John.

Because of his military exploits his popular image is still dominated by the positive qualities of chivalry and military competence. Contemporaries considered Richard as both a king and a knight famed for personal martial prowess, this was apparently the first instance of such a combination. He was known as a valiant, competent military leader and individual fighter who was courageous and generous. Victorian England admired King Richard I as a crusader and a man of God, erecting a heroic statue of him outside the Westminster Palace. 

King Richard I of England was seen as a pious hero by his subjects. He is an enduring iconic figure both in England and in France.

Jane Seymour

Jane Seymour (c.1508 – 24 October 1537) was the third wife of King Henry VIII of England and queen consort from 1536 until 1537. She was the mother of Edward VI of England, who died at the age of 15. Edward was the only male child of King Henry VIII to survive infancy.

Jane Seymour was the child of John Seymour and Margaret Wentworth. She was not educated as much as King Henry's wives before her, for example, Catherine of Aragon or Anne Boleyn. She could read and write a little, but was much better at needlework and managing the house. These were considered much more necessary for women. Jane's needlework was said to be beautiful and complex. Some of her work was kept till 1652, where it is recorded to have been given to the Seymour family. After her death, it was noted that Henry was an "enthusiastic embroiderer". 

She was a lady-in-waiting to Catherine of Aragon, the first wife of Henry VIII. When Henry divorced his first wife and married Anne Boleyn, Jane continued to be a lady-in-waiting. Henry VIII noticed Jane at court and had already fallen in love with her by the time Anne Boleyn was executed. He became engaged to Jane on the day after the execution, and they were married ten days later, on May 30, 1536. When Jane became queen, she ran the royal court in a strict and formal way, and her only close friends were Anne Stanhope and Elizabeth Seymour. 

In early 1537, Jane became pregnant and developed a craving for quail. In October 1537, she gave birth to the son that Henry VIII wanted so much. They named him Edward, and he was later to be King Edward VI of England. Soon, Jane became very ill with fever, and she died on October 24, 1537. Jane never had a coronation, and was married to Henry for only a year and a half before she died (May 30, 1536-October 24, 1537). Henry had loved Jane the most of all his wives, because she was the one who gave him a son. Even though he was married another three times after Jane's death, he always grieved for her. Before Henry died, he asked to be buried next to Jane.

Elizabeth of York

Elizabeth of York (11 February 1466-11 February 1503) married King Henry VII of England in 1486. This marriage united the House of Plantagenet and the House of Lancaster, the two sides of the Wars of the Roses. She was the mother of King Henry VIII. When she was only 17, her father died of pneumonia.


Catherine of Aragon

Catherine of Aragon (Spanish: Catalina) (16 December 1485 – 7 January 1536) was the daughter of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon. Catherine was the wife of Arthur, Prince of Wales and later married his brother, Henry VIII.

When Catherine was three years old, it was decided that she would marry Arthur, Prince of Wales. Catherine and Arthur were married on 14 November 1501. They were sent to Ludlow Castle in Shropshire, to take control of the Council of Wales. Months later, Catherine and Arthur became ill, possibly from a sickness which was sweeping the area at the time. Prince Arthur died on 2 April 1502, leaving after Catherine a widow at the age of 16.

Henry VIII married Catherine in 1509, shortly after he became king. She was extremely popular with the people of England. In 1513, when Henry VIII invaded France, she ruled as his regent.

Despite Catherine's popularity, she did not produce a surviving son. Her only surviving child was a daughter, Mary I of England. Henry's need for a son caused him to try and divorce his wife.

At first, Henry tried to convince Anne Boleyn to be his mistress in 1527. Anne refused, so Henry decided to marry her. Divorce was not allowed in the Catholic faith. Henry claimed that, as Catherine had been married to his elder brother Arthur, his was an invalid marriage. He quoted a verse in Leviticus which states that "a man may not marry his brother's wife and such a union would be without the blessing of God and fruitless", and used this as his case. It became referred to as the kings "Great Matter" and a special court was held with Cardinal Wolsey leading it.

An official from Rome was brought over and a trial was held. The official stated that he could not come to a conclusion and the case would have to be referred to Rome for the Pope to make a decision. The matter dragged on for quite some time, as the Pope would not agree to an annulment.

In 1532, Anne Boleyn became pregnant with the king's child. She was married to Henry on 25 January 1533 so that the baby could be a legitimate heir. Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon was finally annulled in the following May by Archbishop Cranmer, thus ending the first of Henry's 6 marriages. The divorce went against the Roman Catholic belief system, so Henry created his own church, the Church of England. This was the beginnings of protestantism in England, with the King as the head of the church instead of the Pope.

Until the end of Catherine's life, Catherine believed that she was the true wife of Henry VIII. Her servants called her their queen, but Henry called her the "Dowager Princess of Wales".

In 1535, Catherine was transferred to Kimbolton Castle and was not allowed to see her daughter Mary. Henry VIII told her that until they declared Anne their queen, they would be able to see each other. They never did.

Catherine died, most likely of heart cancer, in January of 1536, just five months before the execution of Anne Boleyn.

Gregory Peck

Eldred Gregory Peck (April 5, 1916 – June 12, 2003) was an American actor who was born in La Jolla, California. 

One of 20th Century Fox's most popular movie stars from the 1940s to the 1950s, Peck continued to play important roles well into the 1980s. His most famous role was that of Atticus Finch in the 1954 movie "To Kill a Mockingbird", for which he won his Academy Award.

President Lyndon Johnson awarded Peck the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 for his lifetime humanitarian efforts. In 1991, the American Film Institute named Peck among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking at number 12.

Sin City

Sin City is the title of a number of stories by Frank Miller, written in a comic book-style and the name of a movie that is based on the books.

A movie version of the "Sin City" books was released in 2005. It starred a number of famous actors, including Jessica Alba, Brittany Murphy, Bruce Willis, and Elijah Wood. The movie was directed by Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, and Quentin Tarantino.

The movie is based on four stories from the "Sin City" books: "The Customer is Always Right", "The Hard Goodbye", "The Big Fat Kill" and "That Yellow Bastard".


Brittany Murphy

Brittany Murphy-Monjack (born Brittany Anne Bertolotti; November 10, 1977 – December 20, 2009) was an American actress and singer. She appeared in many movies and was the voice of Luanne on the American television show "King of the Hill". Murphy was married to British moviemaker Simon Monjack (1970-2010) from 2007 until her death on December 20, 2009. She died of pneumonia. An overdose of legal drugs also played a part in her death.


Evershot

Evershot is a village in the county of Dorset. It is in the West Dorset District. In 2001 there were 206 people living in Evershot.

Copyleft

Copyleft is a name for a type of a license for free content or free software. It is not the opposite of copyright, but its purpose is the opposite of the purpose of the frequently seen copyright type of license (which uses copyright to "forbid" changing, giving, or selling something). A copyleft license uses copyright to "forbid forbidding" changing, giving, or selling something.

Both copyleft and non-copyleft ("permissive") licenses for free content or free software can be used for things like documents (for example books, art, music and software); they always allow people to change the works, and to give or sell them to other people. It should be noted that, although people might think that copyleft content is not copyrighted, that's a myth. Copyleft is a form of licensing: it is not just another name for public domain.

However, in a copyleft license, when a person gives or sells a work (changed or not changed) to a friend, the person must allow the friend to do the things which the author of the original work has allowed in the license to the person. This often means, for example, that if another person licensed a book under a copyleft license, and you changed it into a new book, you would have to license your new book under the same license.

Some copyleft licenses that are used a lot are the GNU General Public License and the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license.

Uruguay

Uruguay (officially named Oriental Republic of Uruguay) is a country in South America. The language spoken there is Spanish. Its capital and largest city is Montevideo. Uruguay is bordered by two large neighbors, Brazil and Argentina. The only country in South America that is smaller than Uruguay is Suriname. The land is mostly flat, and there are many farms in the countryside. 

The area around Uruguay was fought over by the Portuguese and Spanish Empires in the 18th century. In the 1810s it was the center of the Banda Oriental, a Federal League of states in the Río de la Plata region. Argentina and Brazil took the majority in wars, leaving Uruguay as independent.

Before Europeans came to the land, no more than 10 thousand native people lived here. Spanish explorer Juan Díaz de Solís first explored the land in 1516.

Uruguay is divided into 19 different Departments.

The highest point in the country is the Cerro Catedral whose peak reaches to .

Uruguay has 660 km of coastline.

There are nine National Parks in Uruguay. Five in the wetland areas of the east, three in the central hill country and one in the west along the Rio Uruguay.

According to FAOSTAT, Uruguay is one of world's largest producers of: soybeans (9th); greasy wool (12th); horse meat (14th); beeswax (14th); quinces (17th); natural honey (19th); cattle meat (20th). On December 20, 2013, Uruguay was the first country in the world to legalize the cultivation, sale, and use of cannabis.

Uruguayans are mostly of European origin. 88%, or 88 of 100 people, are from European descent.

Football is the most popular sport in Uruguay. The Uruguay national football team has won the FIFA World Cup on two occasions.


Minnesota

Minnesota is a state in the Upper Midwestern region of the United States

The capital of Minnesota is Saint Paul. The largest city is Minneapolis. Over 3 million people live in the two cities and the suburbs that surround it, which are separated by the Mississippi River. They are known as the Twin Cities.

Minnesota became a state on May 11, 1858. It was the 32nd state in the United States of America. The name Minnesota is Dakota (a Native American language) for "sky-tinted water". Eagle Mountain is the highest point in Minnesota. The state bird is the Common Loon.

Minnesota has a humid continental climate. The winters in Minnesota are long and severe. Hence the state has a short growing season. During the summer, the south of the state is hot; the north is warm.

In the 1984 election, Minnesota was the only state that voted for Walter Mondale.



Colorado

Colorado is a state in the western United States. Its capital and largest city is Denver. Other large cities are Colorado Springs and Aurora. Colorado became the 38th state admitted to the union on August 1, 1876.

Native Americans first settled in Colorado. The prominent Colorado Native Americans are the Navajo, Ute, and Cheyenne-Arapahoe Indians. The state was named after the Colorado River by Spanish explorers. US Army officer and amateur explorer Zebulon Pike was recruited by the United States government in 1806 to find the source of the Mississippi River and to check out Spanish settlements in New Mexico. Even though his recorded location for the source of the Mississippi was extremely inaccurate and allegedly got lost in his expedition, he did explore much of what would become the American Southwest. When he reached what is now Colorado Springs, he named a mountain after himself, Pikes Peak, which remains a symbol for the city as well as the state to this day. Colorado has a long history of mining and digging for gold. It is the place where the Pike's Peak Gold Rush took place. When gold in California was becoming harder and harder to find, people came to Colorado in large numbers when gold was discovered there in 1859, ten years after the California Gold Rush began. Many mining camps set up in Colorado would later become cities, such as Denver City and Boulder City. The motto for the gold rush was "Pike's Peak or Bust". 

The State of Colorado is shaped like a rectangle. The borders are latitude and longitude lines. The four borders are at 37°N, 41°N, 102°03'W, and 109°03'W. (The east and west borders are 25°W and 32°W from the Washington Meridian.) Colorado, Wyoming, and Utah are the only three U.S. states that have only lines of latitude and longitude for boundaries and that have no natural borders. When government surveyors made the border markers for the "Territory of Colorado", minor surveying mistakes made many small kinks along the borders, most seen along the border with the "Territory of Utah."

The tip of Mount Elbert at 14,440 feet (4,401 m) elevation in Lake County is the state's highest point and the highest point in the entire Rocky Mountains. Colorado has more than 100 mountain peaks that reach over 4,000 meters (13,123 ft) in height. Colorado is the only U.S. state that lies entirely above 1,000 meters (3,281 ft) in height. Colorado has the highest average elevation of any state at 6,800 ft. It borders New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, and Wyoming.

The land area of Colorado is roughly the same size as New Zealand.

The weather and temperatures in Colorado are quite different compared to most of the United States. In most other states, the southern part is warmer than the northern part, southern Colorado is not noticeably warmer than northern Colorado. Mountains and surrounding valleys greatly affect local climate. As a normal rule, with an increase in height comes a decrease in temperature and an increase in rain. The Rocky Mountains on the west have a very different climate than the Great Plains on the east. Between these two areas is a smaller mountain range known as "the Foothills".

The state's largest city, and capital, is Denver. The "Denver-Aurora-Boulder Combined Statistical Area", is home to 2,927,911 people, it has more than two-thirds of the state's population.

As of 2005, Colorado has an estimated population of 4,665,177, which is an increase of 63,356, or 1.4%, from the last year and an increase of 363,162, or 8.4%, since the year 2000. This has a natural increase since the last census of 205,321 people (that is 353,091 births minus 147,770 deaths) and an increase because of migration of 159,957 people into the state. Immigration from outside the United States makes a net increase of 112,217 people, and migration within the country made a net increase of 47,740 people.

Colorado's most common religion is Christianity, and its most common denomination is Catholicism. Colorado, and mostly the city of Colorado Springs, serves as the headquarters of many Christian groups, many of them Evangelical. "Focus on the Family" is a big conservative Christian organization headquartered in Colorado Springs.

Major religious affiliations of the people of Colorado are:

The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that the total state product in 2007 was $236 billion. Income per person in 2007 was $41,192, ranking Colorado eleventh in the United States. Early companies were based on minerals and agricultural things. Today's agricultural things are cattle, wheat, dairy products, corn, and hay. On January 1 2014 Colorado became the first state to make marijuana legal. In the first week of this $5 million of marijuana was sold. The marijuana industry was expected to make Colorado's economy $359 million by the end of 2014.


Cairo

Cairo (, usually transliterated as Al-Qāhirah) is the capital and largest city in Egypt. The city name can be translated as "the one who won". 

Cairo has 7,947,121 people. About 17,290,000 people live in its urban area. This makes it the biggest city of the Arab World. It also is the city with the biggest urban area in Africa

The city is on the Nile River.

The city of Cairo has a hot desert climate (BWh), meaning it has a hot, sunny and dry climate a year long. The city, however, has more humidity than other cities with the hot desert climate (BWh).

The area around the city was an important focal point of Ancient Egypt.

In 968, the Fatimids entered Egypt and they made Cairo the capital of their caliphate.

The Al Azhar mosque and university was made in 972. This became the world's oldest university. It is the most widely known seminary in the Islamic world.

In 1992, Cairo was devastated by a 5.8 magnitude earthquake that caused 545 deaths, injuring 6,512, and made 50,000 people homeless, the most destructive since 1847.

The great pyramids of Giza and the step pyramid of Sakkara are just outside of the city.

The Egyptian Museum holds the world’s largest collection of antiquities from the time of the ancient Pharaohs. Many treasures from the tomb of King Tutankhamun are in this museum.

People from Cairo are called 'Cairenes'.



Bush

Bush can be more than one thing:

Aerospace engineering

Aerospace engineering is a field of engineering that specializes in vehicles that move in fluids. This usually means working with airplanes, cars, boats, trains, or spacecraft.

As with other engineering, people who work in Aerospace engineering must study. This depends on what they want to do. Aerospace engineers (who design and oversee repair of vehicles) study for years at a university or college and earn a degree. Technicians (those who repair and construct vehicles) will do a shorter course and 'on the job' training. Aerospace jobs include astronauts, pilots, and other professionals.

1805

1805 (MDCCCV) was .


Karnataka

Karnataka is a state in the Republic of India. It has an area of . It is bigger than Syria but smaller than Senegal. In traditional Indian geography, it is part of the Southern zone. It has 31 districts. As of the 2011 census, it has a population of approximately 61.1 million. The present Chief Minister of the state is Siddaramaiah of the Indian National Congress.

Bangalore is the capital city of Karnataka. It is also known as the IT capital of India. Mysore, Mangalore, Hubli-Dharwad, Kalaburgi and Hospet are the other big cities in Karnataka. Places to see in Karnataka are Bangalore, Mysore, Hampi, Bijapur, Belur/Halebid, Shivamogga, sannati (yadgir) and Shravanabelagola. The Lalbhag Botanical Garden, Badami and the Jog water are some of the well-known tourist attractions in Karnataka.

The Kannada language is the official language of the state and the most prominent language spoken by the people in Karnataka. Telugu, Tamil, Marathi, Hindi and Malayalam are also spoken in Karantaka. Kannada is declared as one of the official languages of India. It has won the most number of Gnanpith Awards - 8, which are awarded to writers.

Karnataka is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, Goa to the northwest, Maharashtra to the north, Telangana to the northeast, Andhra Pradesh to the east, Tamil Nadu to the south and Kerala to the southwest. Topographically, Karnataka consists of the Arabian Sea Coast, Western Ghats, Deccan Plateau, and Eastern Ghats.

Karnataka's history dates back to the 3rd century BC. The succession of able administrators from the Hoysalas, Chalukyas and the mighty Vijayanagara rulers, to the arrival of the Mughals in the 17th century and the British in the 18th century have contributed to the mix of culture and heritage that is as rich as it is ancient.

Norrland

Norrland is the northernmost region of Sweden. The other two regions are Götaland and Svealand. Norrland includes the Swedish counties Gävleborg County, Västernorrland County, Jämtland County, Västerbotten County and Norrbotten County. By "Upper Norrland" people usually mean Norrbotten and Västerbotten counties.
Historically parts of northern Finland have also been parts of Norrland.

Even though 59% of Sweden's area is within Norrland, only 12% of its population live there. The biggest town of Norrland is Umeå.

Norrland is famous for its landscape, and for phenomena such as the Midnight sun, Polar night and Aurora also called the Northern lights.

Calgary

Calgary is the biggest city in Alberta, Canada. More than 1,000,000 people live in Calgary. The city is in the southern half of Alberta near the Rocky Mountains.

There are many oil and gas businesses in Calgary. There are many skyscrapers in the city.

Around Calgary there are many farms where cows are raised.

Calgary has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koeppen climate classification). It has long, cold, dry winters. The summers are warm with moderate rainfall. Sometimes a wind called a Chinook blows through Calgary. This wind can make some days in winter less cold.

Calgary has a famous event called The Calgary Stampede every year. They rent many rides and have a huge festival for the city to join. The Calgary Stampede is the largest rodeo in the world. At the Stampede, cowboys can win a lot of money. Cowboys also race with chuckwagons at the Stampede. Chuckwagons are carts with four wheels pulled by horses. In 1988, the Winter Olympics were held in Calgary.

Calgary has many museums, such as the Glenbow Museum and the Aero Space Museum. The Calgary Flames (an NHL ice hockey team) play in Calgary at Scotiabank Saddledome.

Calgary Stations

CKAL Citytv

CFCN CTV Television Network

CICT Global Television Network

CTV Two

Nova Scotia

Nova Scotia ( ); ) is a small province found on the east coast of Canada. The name "Nova Scotia" is Latin for "New Scotland". The capital and largest city is Halifax.

People who live in Nova Scotia are called Nova Scotians. There are over 900,000 of them; over 400,000 of whom live in Halifax.

What is now Nova Scotia used to be controlled by the Mik'maq. The French settled among them at Port Royal after 1600, and called the land part of Acadia, with Port Royal as its capital. In 1710, after a war, the British captured Port Royal and went on to capture the rest of the peninsula. It was the first time that the British had captured and held a French colony. 

On 6 December 1917, about 2,000 people were killed in the Halifax Explosion.

Nova Scotia's government is a democracy. Ian Rankin is the premier and John James Grant is the lieutenant governor.


Calgary (disambiguation)

Calgary might mean any of the following places:


Absolute zero

Absolute zero is the temperature at which the particles of matter (molecules and atoms) are at their lowest energy points. Some might think that at absolute zero particles lose all energy and stop moving. This is not correct. In quantum physics there is something called zero point energy, which means that even after all the energy from particles has been removed, the particles still have some energy. This is due to Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, which states that the more that is known about a particle's position, the less that can be known about its momentum, and vice versa. Therefore, a particle cannot be completely stopped because then its exact position and momentum would be known. 

Some people have created temperatures very close to absolute zero: the record temperature was 100 pK (one hundred picokelvin, equal to 10 kelvin) above absolute zero. Even getting close to absolute zero is difficult because anything that touches an object being cooled near absolute zero would give heat to the objects. Scientists use lasers to slow atoms when cooling objects to very low temperatures.

The kelvin and Rankine temperature scales are defined so that absolute zero is 0 kelvin (K) or 0 degrees Rankine (°R). The Celsius and Fahrenheit scales are defined so that absolute zero is −273.15 °C or −459.67 °F.

At this stage the pressure of the particles is zero. If we plot a graph to it, we can see that the temperature of the particles is zero. The temperature cannot go down any further. Also, the particles cannot move in "reverse" either because as the movement of particles is vibration, vibrating in reverse would be nothing but simply vibrating again. The closer the temperature of an object gets to absolute zero, the less resistive the material is to electricity therefore it will conduct electricity almost perfectly, with no measurable resistance.

The Third Law of Thermodynamics says that nothing can ever have a temperature of absolute zero.

The Second Law of Thermodynamics says that all engines that are powered by heat (like car engines and steam train engines) must release waste heat and can not be 100% efficient. This is because the efficiency (percent of energy the engine uses up that is actually used to do the engine's job) is 100%×(1-T/T), which only is 100% if the outside temperature is absolute zero which it cannot be. So, an engine cannot be 100% efficient, but you can make its efficiency closer to 100% by making the inside temperature hotter and/or the outside temperature colder.


Cylinder

A cylinder is one of the most basic curved three dimensional geometric shapes, with the surface formed by the points at a fixed distance from a given line segment, known as the axis of the cylinder. The shape can be thought of as a circular prism. Both the surface and the solid shape created inside can be called a "cylinder". The surface area and the volume of a cylinder have been known since ancient times.

In differential geometry, a cylinder is defined more broadly as a ruled surface which is spanned by a one-parameter family of parallel lines. A cylinder whose cross section is an ellipse, parabola, or hyperbola is called an elliptic cylinder, parabolic cylinder, or hyperbolic cylinder respectively.

In common use a "cylinder" is taken to mean a finite section of a right circular cylinder, i.e., the cylinder with the generating lines perpendicular to the bases, with its ends closed to form two circular surfaces, as in the figure (right). If the cylinder has a radius formula_1 and length (height) "h", then its volume is given by:

and its surface area is:

Therefore, without the top or bottom (lateral area), the surface area is:

With the top and bottom, the surface area is:

For a given volume, the cylinder with the smallest surface area has formula_8. For a given surface area, the cylinder with the largest volume has formula_8, i.e. the cylinder fits in a cube (height = diameter).

Having a right circular cylinder with a height formula_10 units and a base of radius formula_1 units with the coordinate axes chosen so that the origin is at the center of one base and the height is measured along the positive x-axis. A plane section at a distance of formula_12 units from the origin has an area of formula_13 square units where

or

An element of volume, is a right cylinder of base area formula_16 square units and a thickness of formula_17 units. Thus if "V" cubic units is the volume of the right circular cylinder, by Riemann sums,

Using cylindrical coordinates, the volume can be calculated by integration over

Cylindric sections are the intersections of cylinders with planes. For a right circular cylinder, there are four possibilities. A plane tangent to the cylinder, meets the cylinder in a single straight line. Moved while parallel to itself, the plane either does not intersect the cylinder or intersects it in two parallel lines. All other planes intersect the cylinder in an ellipse or, when they are perpendicular to the axis of the cylinder, in a circle.

An elliptic cylinder, or cylindroid, is a quadric surface, with the following equation in Cartesian coordinates:

This equation is for an elliptic cylinder, a generalization of the ordinary, circular cylinder (formula_25). Even more general is the generalized cylinder: the cross-section can be any curve.

The cylinder is a "degenerate quadric" because at least one of the coordinates (in this case formula_26) does not appear in the equation.

An oblique cylinder has the top and bottom surfaces displaced from one another.

There are other more unusual types of cylinders. These are the "imaginary elliptic cylinders":

the "hyperbolic cylinder":

and the "parabolic cylinder":


Vacuum

A vacuum is a place where there is no matter, not even air. Sound cannot move in a vacuum. No place has a perfect vacuum, because a small number of particles remain, even in outer space. 

A space where only some of the air is removed is also called a vacuum. The space then has lower pressure, even though most of the air remains. 


Vacuum is needed for some kinds of machines used for industrial production. Vacuum pumps are used to pump air out of a vacuum chamber. It is not possible to create 100% vacuum, but some vacuum pumps are able to create 99.9999% vacuum. This is called "hard vacuum". Most industrial purposes do not need hard vacuum. 

Industrial vacuums are mainly used in:

Vacuum chambers are also used in many scientific experiments in laboratories. Some experiments in physics and chemistry need hard vacuum to keep any air or other gases from interfering with delicate surfaces or chemicals that can react.



Catherine Howard

Catherine Howard was Queen consort of England from 1540 until 1541, as the fifth wife of Henry VIII of England.

Catherine Howard (also spelled "Katheryn") was born in about 1521, but the exact date is unknown. She was the tenth child of Lord Edmund Howard and Joyce Culpepper. Her father was the second son of the Duke of Norfolk. She was a cousin to Anne Boleyn, who was the second wife of Henry VIII.

Catherine's family was poor so they sent her to live with her step-grandmother, Agnes Tilney. Agnes Tilney, the Duchess of Norfolk, had a large household, but it was not very strict. Catherine could read and write, but she was the least-educated of Henry VIII's wives.

Catherine became a lady-in-waiting to Queen Anne of Cleves in 1539 or 1540, when she was about 18 years old. Anne of Cleves was the fourth wife of Henry VIII. The king did not like Anne, and said she was not as pretty as he had hoped for and also called her a Flanders mare (horse). He soon fell in love with Catherine.

In July 1540, after Henry had annulled his marriage with Anne of Cleves, Henry and Catherine got married at Oatlands Palace, which is in Surrey.

Henry VIII loved his young bride and gave her lots of rich presents, such as jewels and expensive clothes. He called her his 'rose without a thorn' and the 'very jewel of womanhood'. Her motto was ""Non autre volonté que la sienne"" (French) or "No other wish but his". However, Catherine was not happy in her marriage. Her husband was very fat (he was about at the time), much older than she was, and had an ulcer on his legs. She started becoming acquainted with a man named Thomas Culpepper.

Rumors that Catherine was unfaithful began to be repeated at court. Then Francis Dereham told
people about the affair which he had had with Catherine, and officials started to ask questions about what she was doing in private. Many of Catherine's ladies-in-waiting, who had also lived with her in Lambeth, were brought forward to bring evidence against Catherine. Soon, her past was uncovered, and more scandal was brought to her name; enough to have her charged with treason. Catherine then, in 1541, was arrested and charged with high treason. Henry was heartbroken and very upset. He drew his sword and threatened to kill Katherine himself. At last, he made up his mind that Catherine was to be executed, just like her cousin, Anne Boleyn.

In February 1542, Catherine was told that she was to die. She was being kept a prisoner at Syon Abbey. She was so fearful she grew filled with hysteria, crying as if she was a madwoman. She asked to see the executioner's block so she might know how to put her head on it. She practiced laying her head on the block all night long before her execution.

There is a popular story that before Catherine died, she said, "I die a Queen, but I would rather have died the wife of Culpepper." This story is not true. Instead, she cried out "God have mercy on my soul. Good people, I beg of you, pray for me."

The executioner chopped her head off with one blow. She was buried in St. Peter Ad Vincula, the parish church of the Tower of London.

Anne of Cleves

Anne of Cleves (22 September 1515 – 16 July 1557) was the fourth wife of Henry VIII of England from January 1540 to July 1540.

She was the daughter of John III, Duke of Cleves and Maria of Julich Berg. She was born in Düsseldorf on 22 September 1515.
She was betrothed to Francis, the Duke of Lorraine, but she ended up marrying Henry VIII in January 1540. When the couple met for the first time, they did not like each other.

Henry VIII got married six times. Except for Anne of Cleves, Henry knew all of his wives for a long time before marrying them. Henry decided to marry Anne so England and the Protestant League would be allies. It was a political marriage. Henry also knew that having more than one son would be good, in case his and Jane Seymour's son, Edward, died. So he also married Anne so he could have more children.

Hans Holbein painted a beautiful picture of Anne of Cleves and showed it to Henry. One of the reasons Henry decided to marry Anne (instead of her sister Amelia) was because she looked so beautiful in her portrait. When Anne's ship landed in England, Henry decided to sneak out to meet her early. He brought a few of his friends and servants with him. Henry dressed in the exact same clothes as the servants, and they all came into the room where Anne was waiting with her women. Henry was acting out a story from the tradition of courtly love in which a man goes to see a woman while he is disguised as a servant, and she recognizes him because of the magic of true love. Almost everyone in the courts of England and France knew this story. But Anne grew up in a strict German court. She did not know that the man dressed as a servant was King Henry, playing a game. She spoke to him like a real servant. Henry was very embarrassed.

Henry started complaining that Anne was not pretty. He said that he could not have sexual intercourse with her because she had "bad breath" and smelled. Anne's previous engagement to the Duke of Lorraine was used as an excuse for a divorce, and Anne agreed to it. In July 1540 Henry divorced Anne and married Catherine Howard, who was younger and prettier.

After the divorce, Henry made Anne his "sister" and gave her money and land for the rest of her life. As part of her divorce agreement, Henry gave Anne Hever Castle to live in. Anne invited Henry's daughters Mary and Elizabeth to visit her at Hever Castle. King Henry visited her too. In 1541, there were rumors that King Henry had gotten his ex-wife Anne pregnant, but historians do not think this is true.

After Henry died, Anne did not have enough money. His son, Edward VI, did not give her the same generous sums.

Anne of Cleves died on July 16, 1557 when she was 41 years old. She was the last of Henry's six wives to die, as she outlived his sixth wife, Catherine Parr, by nearly nine years. Anne was buried in Westminster Abbey.

Mary Tudor, Queen of France

Mary Tudor (28 March 1496 – 25 June 1533) was the youngest daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York. She was princess of England, and was Queen of France for three months. After being Queen of France, she married someone else, and became Duchess of Suffolk until her death.

Mary Tudor was born on 18 March 1496 in Richmond Palace. Her older brothers were Arthur, Prince of Wales, and Prince Henry, and her older sister was Princess Margaret. Henry and Mary were close as children. Later in life, when Henry became King Henry VIII of England, he even named his ship, the Mary Rose, after her. His first daughter, Mary (later known as Queen Mary I of England), was probably also named after her.

Mary's father was anxious for all his children to make good marriages, and many of the other kings and queens of Europe wanted Mary as a wife for one of their sons. She was first betrothed to Charles of Castile, later the Holy Roman Emperor. This betrothal was broken later, and she did not get married until after her brother Henry became king. When Mary was 18 she married King Louis XII of France, who was 52 years old. She was married in Abbeville, France, on 9 October 1514. Mary did not want to marry King Louis, but agreed when her brother said that she could marry anyone she wanted after Louis died. Louis died on 1 January 1515, and Mary soon married Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk. 
Mary did not have any children while married to Louis, but she did when she was married to Charles. Her children's names were Henry, Frances and Eleanor. Frances went on to be the mother of Lady Jane Grey, who was the Queen of England for only nine days.

After suffering failing health for some years, Mary Tudor died on 25 June, 1533 at the age of thirty eight at Westhorpe Hall, Westhorpe, Suffolk, possibly of cancer. Her husband then married Catherine Willoughby.

Louis XII

Louis XII of France (June 27, 1462 – January 1, 1515) was the son of Charles, Duke of Orleans and Mary of Cleves. He was born on June 27, 1462 in the Chateau de Blois, France.

Louis's first wife was Jeanne of France, who was the daughter of Louis XI of France. At the time, Louis was not expected to become King of France. The King, Charles VIII, was a young man and could still have had children, but Charles had an accident and died suddenly. Charles was Jeanne's brother. Louis was Charles's cousin and next in line to the throne. When he became king, he had to end his marriage to Jeanne, partly because she was disabled and could not have children. 

Louis's second wife was Anne of Brittany, who was the daughter of Francis II, Duke of Brittany. Anne had been married to King Charles VIII until his death, but all of their children had died. As a result of her marriage to Charles, the dukedom of Brittany had become part of the kingdom of France. Louis wanted to keep Brittany, but in order to do so he had to marry Anne. After her marriage to Louis, Anne had two daughters, who were called Claude and Renee. 

In France, women were not allowed to rule the country, so Louis still wanted a son to become king after him. After Anne died, Louis married for a third time. His last wife was Mary Tudor, the sister of Henry VIII of England. She was many years younger than he was. Louis only lived for three months after their marriage. Because Louis had no sons, the throne went to Francis, the husband of his daughter Claude.

Louis XIII

Louis XIII (27 September 1601 – 14 May 1643) was King of France from 1610 to 1643. He was the son of Henry IV and Marie de' Medici. He lived during the time of the Thirty Years War and had to deal with many rebellions. He was proud of his country, and tried to encourage French artists to stay in France instead of going off to Italy. He did this by giving them work in the Louvre.

Although he was married, many people thought that he would never produce an heir. Then, after 23 years of marriage, his wife Anne gave birth to a baby boy. He was to become King Louis XIV of France.

He died of Crohn's disease in 1643 and was later buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis, France. His oldest son would succeed him on the throne.


Claude of France

Claude of France (October 14, 1499 – July 20, 1524) was the daughter of Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany. Claude had no brothers, but was not allowed to be the Queen of France in her own right after her father died because of the Salic Law. Instead she became the Queen consort of France by marrying the next King of France, Francis I of France. 

Henry II of France was Claude's son.

After she got married Claude spent the rest of her life having babies. She died when she was only 24.

Eleanor Clifford, Countess of Cumberland

Lady Eleanor Brandon (1519-27 September 1547) was the daughter of Mary Tudor, Queen of France and Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk. Her maternal grandparents were King Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York. She was the sister of Lady Frances Brandon therefore she was the aunt of Lady Jane Grey.

Eleanor was married to Henry Clifford in 1537. She then became the Countess of Cumberland.
Henry and Eleanor had three children:

Frances Grey, Duchess of Suffolk

Lady Frances Brandon (16 July 1517 – 20 November 1559) was the daughter of Mary Tudor and Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk. She was married to Henry Grey, Duke of Suffolk and had three daughters: Jane, Mary and Katherine. Her daughter Jane became the Queen of England for nine days.

Frances Brandon was a cruel, abusive mother to her children and a bold wife to her husband, Henry Grey. She had spent her childhood with her mother and was very close to Catherine of Aragon, so she was against Henry VIII's marriage to Anne Boleyn. In 1533, she married Henry Grey and soon she had two children who died young before having Lady Jane Grey in 1537, Katherine in 1540, and Mary in 1545.
In 1554, just weeks after her daughter Lady Jane Grey's and her husband Henry Grey's execution, Frances married again. This time it was to Adrian Stokes. Many people were shocked about this marriage, because Adrian was far below Frances's status. Historians believe that Frances was pregnant at the time of their marriage because she gave birth to a child about six months later. This child did not survive and Frances had two others. None of these last three children lived past a year.

Frances became increasingly large similar to her uncle Henry VIII. Because of this, she died in 1559 and was buried in Westminster Abbey.


Henry II of France

Henry II of France (March 31, 1519 – July 10, 1559) was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois. Henry was crowned King in Rheims, France, on July 25, 1547.

Henry was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France, on March 31, 1519. His parents were Francis I of France and Claude of France.

Henry was married to Catherine of Medici on October 28, 1533 when he was only 14 years old. Their children were:

Henry did not love Catherine of Medici. He spent most of his time with his mistress, who was called Diane de Poitiers.

Henry died on July 10, 1559 after a jousting accident. He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. The next King was Francis II of France.

Francis I of France

Francis I of France (September 12, 1494 – March 31, 1547) was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois.

Francis was born in Cognac, France on September 12, 1494. His parents were Charles, Duke of Angoulême and Louise of Savoy.

Francis I married Claude of France on May 18, 1514. They had seven children, two died before turning eight, two died at the ages of eighteen to twenty-three. Those who lived to adulthood were:

Francis was very interested in art and liked the artist Leonardo da Vinci.

Francis died on March 31, 1547. He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica.

Madeleine of Valois

Madeleine of France (10 August 1520 – 2 July 1537) was the daughter of Francis I of France and Claude of France. She was married to James V of Scotland on 1 January 1537 in Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France.

Madeleine got sick with tuberculosis when she went to live in Scotland and died when she was only 16 years old. She is buried in Holyrood Abbey in Edinburgh, Scotland.

Holyrood Abbey

Holyrood Abbey is a ruined Augustine Abbey. It is in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was built by David I of Scotland in 1128.

The Muppets

The Muppets are puppet characters created by Jim Henson. The characters include Kermit the Frog and the Muppet cast of Sesame Street. Jim Henson started work with the Muppets in the 1950s and continued until his death in 1990. The Muppets are known for an absurd burlesque and humorous style of variety-sketch comedy.

The Muppets are now owned by The Walt Disney Company. The term "muppet" is trademarked and owned by The Walt Disney Company. Muppets used in Sesame Street are still called muppets at times, and have special permission to use that name from The Walt Disney Company.

Jim Henson said the name "muppet" came from combining the words "puppet" and "marionette," but he also said that he just liked the way the word sounded. The diffrence between a muppet and a puppet is that a puppet is controlled by someone while a muppet is not. Many of Jim Henson's muppets have large eyes, round noses, and large mouths that go from one end of the face to the other (almost ear to ear). Muppets are often made out of foam with felt on top. Puppeteers usually control the muppet with one hand in the head and the other hand controls the muppets arms. Sometimes the arms have a stick that is used to move the hand and arm - this is called the "arm rod." Puppeteers hold the arm rod at one end and the other end touches the muppet hand. Some muppets have hands that are gloves. Puppeteers put their hands in the gloves of these muppets so the muppet can move its fingers. For this reason, most muppets appear to favor their left hands.



Wilhelm II, German Emperor

Kaiser Wilhelm II of Prussia and Germany (Friedrich Wilhelm Viktor Albert von Hohenzollern, 27 January 1859 – 4 June 1941) was the last German Emperor and the last King of Prussia. Ruling from 1888 to 1918, he went to live in the Netherlands and abdicated (resigned) as King and Emperor. This was the end of the Hohenzollern dynasty. He died in the Netherlands at Huis Doorn, and he is buried there because he ordered not to be buried in Nazi Germany. He died on June 4, 1941. 

He was involved in the Boxer Rebellion of 1899-1901 fighting against the Qing Dynasty Empire. In July 1914 he promised to support emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria against Serbia. This led to World War 1. He fled to the Netherlands in 1918 after Germany surrendered in World War 1 after losing many battles. Germany lost its Colonies and became the Weimar Republic .

Wilhelm was born on 27 January 1859 and was the oldest child in his family. His father was Prince Frederick of Prussia. His mother was Princess Victoria, the eldest daughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. He was born with a disabled left arm.

He married in 1881 Augusta Victoria. He and his wife had seven children. He studied at the Kassel Gymnasium and then at the University of Bonn.

He became leader of Germany in 1888, when his father died. He disagreed with his father's longtime chancellor, Otto von Bismarck, and dismissed him in 1890.
Wilhelm believed in strengthening Germany’s armed forces, especially the navy. He led Germany during World War I. In November 9th, 1918, Wilhelm II stepped down from the throne, ending the German Empire. 


Catherine de' Medici

Catherine de' Medici (Italian: "Caterina de Medici", ; French: "Catherine de Médicis", ; 13 April 1519 – 5 January 1589), was the wife of Henry II of France.

Catherine was the daughter of Lorenzo II de' Medici. She was born in Florence, Italy. She was born "Caterina Maria Romula de' Medici".

Catherine was married to Henry II of France when she was 14 years old. Their children were:

Catherine is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica.

Francis II of France

Francis II of France (January 19, 1544 – December 5, 1560) was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois.

Francis was born in Fontainebleau, France, on January 19, 1544. His parents were Henry II of France and Catherine of Medici.

Francis was married to Mary, Queen of Scots, on April 24, 1558. They had no children.

Francis died in Orleans, France, on December 5, 1560 because of an ear infection. He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica, next to King Charles IX of France.

Adela of Normandy

Adela of Normandy (c. 1067 – c. 8 March 1137) was the daughter of William I of England and Matilda of Flanders. She was married to Stephen, Count of Blois between 1080 and 1084 and became the mother of:

She lived long enough to see her son, Stephen, become King of England, but died soon afterwards.

Stephen of England

Stephen I (6 June 1092 – 25 October 1154) was the King of England from 1135 until his death in 1154. He became the King after the death of his uncle Henry I. Stephen was the King until his own death in Dover, Kent. Stephen was crowned at Westminster Abbey on the 26 December 1135. Stephen is buried at the Clunaic Monastery in Faversham, Kent.

Stephen was born in Blois, France, on 6 June 1092. He was the son of Stephen II, Count of Blois and Adela of Normandy. His mother, Adela, was the daughter of William I of England and Matilda of Flanders. Stephen married Matilda of Boulogne in about 1125. They had five children. He fought a civil war with Henry I's only daughter, Matilda, from 1139 to 1153. This ended with the Treaty of Wallingford in 1153 after the death of Stephen's son and heir, Eustace IV. 

The treaty said that Stephen would be King for the rest of his lifetime. After his death, the throne passed to Henry, son of Matilda, and not Stephen's other son William. Stephen died in Dover, Kent on 25 October 1154, at the age of 62.

King Stephen was captured after the Battle of Lincoln in April 1141, he was released later and returned to the throne.

Eleanor of Aquitaine

Eleanor of Aquitaine (c. 1122 – March 31, 1204) was the daughter of William X of Aquitaine. She had a younger sister called Petronilla of Aquitaine. She brought the province of Aquitaine to England when she married Henry II of England. It stayed under English control for 300 years.

Eleanor inherited land in France at the age of 15. She married Louis VII of France on July 22, 1137, and had two daughters:

The marriage was later annulled, as there were no male children.

Eleanor then married Henry II of England on May 18, 1152, and had eight children, including:

Eleanor was greatly known for her work in the Second Crusade, for she inspired many people to join.

Eleanor supported a revolt by her children against their father's rule in 1173. This revolt was unsuccessful, and King Henry II was so furious that he locked her away in a prison. In 1189, after King Henry II died and her son, Richard, came to be the king, Eleanor was freed. Shortly after, Richard died so she supported her son John to take the English throne against the claim of her grandson Arthur of Brittany. In 1202 during the campaign at Mairebeau, she continued to thwart Arthur. Emerging triumphant, Eleanor retired to a monastery. She died there on April 1, 1204.

John of England

John also called John Lackland (24 December 1166 — 19 October 1216) was the King of England from 1199 until his death in 1216. He was also the Lord of Ireland from 1177 to 1216 and the Duke of Aquitaine from 1204 to 1216. He was the youngest son and child of King Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine. 

As the youngest son, John was never expected to inherit the throne. However, when John's older brother King Richard I died childless in 1199, John took the throne. 

John's reign was marked by disputes between the king and his barons and bishops. Because of this the nobles forced him to agree to the Magna Carta, which limited his power. The Magna Carta was a significant legal document in English history, as well as one of the first English “bills of rights”. It introduced the idea that monarchs had limited powers and had to follow certain laws. It gave the nobles more say in the government. It affected English government and inspired those of other countries.

Some think John was not a good ruler. His father's empire, the Angevin Empire collapsed under his reign. It should be remembered that no-one had held both England and France since the Romans. When John lost his lands in France to King Philip II of France, some argued this was John's fault. It could be just a return to a more natural arrangement. The two countries have the Channel between them. Before he was king, John attempted to seize the throne for himself while his brother Richard was in captivity.

As a young man, John already had a reputation for treachery. He conspired sometimes with and sometimes against his elder brothers, Henry, Richard and Geoffrey. In 1184, John and Richard both claimed that they were the rightful heir to Aquitaine, one of many unfriendly encounters between the two.

King Richard I was absent on the Third Crusade from 1190 to 1194. John attempted to overthrow William de Longchamp, the Bishop of Ely who was the Regent of England while Richard was away. This was one of the events which led later writers to cast John as the villain in the legend of Robin Hood.

John was more popular than Longchamp in London. In October 1191 the leading citizens of the city opened the gates to John while Longchamp was confined in the tower. John promised the city the right to govern itself as a commune in return for recognition as Richard's heir presumptive.

As he returned from the Crusade, Richard was captured by Leopold V, Duke of Austria, and handed over to Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor, who held him for ransom. Meanwhile, John had joined forces with King Philip II of France. They sent a letter to Henry asking him to keep Richard away from England for as long as possible, offering payment to keep Richard imprisoned. Henry declined their offer, and got his ransom from Eleanor of Aquitaine (who had to pawn the Crown Jewels). Richard was set free. John then begged forgiveness from Richard, who granted it and named him heir presumptive.

Following Richard's death on 6 April 1199 at the age of 42, John, who was 33 years old at that time ascended to the throne. He was crowned on 27 May of the same year at Westminster Abbey. Because John was very popular when he ascended to the throne, the people of England believed that John's reign like his father and older brother, would be very successful.

While John was immediately declared ruler of England and Normandy, the people Anjou, Maine, and Brittany refused to declare John as their ruler and instead, declared Arthur of Brittany, who was the son of one of John's older brother, Geoffrey, their ruler. Arthur fought his uncle for the throne, with the support of Philip II of France. The conflict between Arthur and John had serious consequences for both. Finally, Philip recognised John over Arthur. The price paid was John's agreement to be Philip's vassal in Normandy and Angevin.

Nevertheless, conflicts continued until in 1202 Philip declared all John's French lands and territories, except Gascony in the southwest, and immediately occupied them. Philip gave Arthur all the land he had taken from John, except for Normandy, and betrothed him to his daughter Marie.

John now needed to fight to get back 'his' land in France. In 1203 John ordered all shipyards in England to provide at least one ship, with the newly built Portsmouth Naval Base to provide several. He made Portsmouth the new home of the navy. By the end of 1204, John had 45 large ships available to him, and from then on an average of four new ones every year. He also created an Admiralty of four admirals, responsible for various parts of the new navy. During John's reign, major improvements were made in ship design. He also created the first big transport ships. John is sometimes credited with the founding of the modern Royal Navy.

As part of the war, Arthur attempted to kidnap his own grandmother, Eleanor of Aquitaine, at Mirebeau, but was defeated and captured by John's forces. Arthur was imprisoned first at Falaise and then at Rouen. After this, Arthur's fate remains unknown, but it is believed that he was murdered by John. Assuming that he was murdered, Brittany, and later Normandy, rebelled against John. John also imprisoned his niece, Eleanor. Through deeds such as these, John acquired a reputation for ruthlessness.

In 1203, John exempted the citizens and merchants of Bordeaux from the "Grande Coutume", which was the principal tax on their exports. In exchange, the regions of Bordeaux, Bayonne and Dax pledged support against the French Crown. The unblocked ports gave Gascon merchants open access to the English wine market for the first time. The following year, John granted the same exemptions to La Rochelle and Poitou.

In June 1204, the fall of Rouen allowed Phillip to annex Normandy and also take parts of Anjou and Poitou.

John needed money for his army, but the loss of the French territories, especially Normandy, greatly reduced the state income. A huge tax would be needed to reclaim these territories. He imposed the first income tax, raising the (then) huge sum of £70,000.

When Archbishop of Canterbury Hubert Walter died on 13 July 1205, John became involved in a dispute with Pope Innocent III. The Canterbury Cathedral Chapter claimed the sole right to elect Hubert's successor, and favoured Reginald, a candidate out of their midst. However, both the English bishops and the King wanted someone else to have this powerful office. The king wanted John de Gray, one of his own men. When their dispute could not be settled, the Chapter secretly elected one of their members as Archbishop. A second election imposed by John resulted in another nominee. When they both appeared in the Vatican, Innocent disavowed (rejected) both elections, and his candidate, Stephen Langton, was elected despite the objections of John's observers. John was supported in his position by the English barons and many of the English bishops, and refused to accept Langton.

John expelled (dismissed) the Canterbury Chapter in July 1207, to which the Pope reacted by placing an interdict on the kingdom which meant that no one could receive religious blessings. John retaliated by closing down the churches. He confiscated (on paper) all church possessions, but individual churches were able to negotiate terms for managing their own properties and keeping the produce of their estates. After his excommunication, John tightened these measures and he got plenty from the income of vacant sees and abbeys. For example, the church lost an estimated 100,000 marks to the Crown in 1213. The Pope gave permission for some churches to hold Mass behind closed doors in 1209. In 1212, they allowed last rites to the dying. While the interdict was a burden to many, it did not result in rebellion against John.

In November 1209 John was excommunicated, and in February 1213, Innocent threatened stronger measures unless John submitted. The papal terms for submission were accepted in the presence of the papal legate Pandulph in May 1213 (according to Matthew Paris, at the Knights Templar Church at Dover); in addition, John offered to surrender the Kingdom of England to God and the Saints Peter and Paul for a feudal service of 1,000 marks annually, 700 for England and 300 for Ireland. With this submission, written in a document, John gained the support of his papal overlord in his new dispute with the English barons.

After settling his dispute with the papacy, John turned his attentions back to France. The European wars ended in defeat at the Battle of Bouvines in July 1214, which forced the king to accept an unfavourable peace with France.

The heavy scutage levy for the failed campaign was the last straw, and when John attempted to raise more in September 1214, many barons refused to pay. The barons no longer believed that John was capable of regaining his lost lands.

In May 1215, Robert Fitz Walter led forty barons to renounce homage to the king at Northampton. The so-called 'Army of God' marched on London, taking the capital as well as taking Lincoln and Exeter.

John met their leaders and with their French and Scots allies at Runnymede, near London, on 15 June 1215. There, they sealed the Great Charter, called in Latin "Magna Carta". It established a council of 25 barons to see John kept to the clauses like protection from illegal imprisonment, access to swift justice, parliamentary assent for taxation, and scutage limitations.

Because he was forced to seal the charter, John sought approval to break it, from his overlord the Pope. Denouncing it as "not only shameful and demeaning but also illegal and unjust", the Pope agreed, which provoked the First Barons' War. The barons invited a French invasion by Prince Louis VIII of France, who accepted the offer of the crown of England as a reward for his support.

John travelled around the country to oppose the rebel forces, and directed a two-month siege of the rebel-held Rochester Castle. While a small force arrived in rebel-held London in November, the Scots under their king, Alexander II, invaded northern England. By the end of December, John was leading a murderous expedition in the north, culminating with the sacking of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

The French retook Rochester and much of the south, although the royalists held on to Windsor and Dover.

With the momentum swinging from John, some of his generals, including his half-brother William Longespée, 3rd Earl of Salisbury, went to the rebel side. By the end of the summer, Louis held a third of the country and had the support of two-third of the barons. In September, Alexander II travelled down to pay homage to Louis at Dover, where the French pretender had being laying siege to Dover Castle.

Retreating from the French invasion, John took a safe route around the marshy area of The Wash to avoid the rebel held area of East Anglia. His slow baggage train (including the Crown Jewels), took a direct route across it and was lost to the incoming tide. This dealt John a terrible blow, which affected his health and state of mind. Succumbing to dysentery and moving from place to place, he died at Newark Castle at the age of 50. He was buried at Worcester Cathedral in Worcester, Worcestershire and was succeeded by his nine-year-old son, Henry III. Before dying, when John was on his deathbed, he had wished that his son would end the First Barons' War and that he would be able create peace with the barons and to also regain the English lands in France John had lost to King Philip II of France. John had also wished that Henry could create peace and to ease sanctions with Scotland and France and that Henry could also stabilize the kingdom and to also improve the economy.

Because Henry was too young to rule the kingdom, William Marshal was appointed Regent of the kingdom and that to make decisions on Henry’s behalf until he came of age. The barons switched their allegiance to the new king, forcing Louis to give up his claim and sign the Treaty of Lambeth with Henry III in 1217.

King John's reign began with military defeats since he lost Normandy to Philip II of France in his first five years on the throne. His reign ended with England torn by civil war and himself on the verge of being forced out of power. In 1213, he made England a papal fief to resolve a conflict with the Catholic Church, and his rebellious barons forced him to seal Magna Carta in 1215, the act for which he is best remembered.

John is responsible for the creation of another English cultural icon, the historic, medieval London Bridge. To finance the construction of a large bridge across the Thames, John allowed houses, shops, and a church to be built on top of the bridge.

John was an efficient ruler, but he lost the approval of the barons by taxing them in ways outside those traditionally allowed by feudal overlords. The tax known as scutage became particularly unpopular. John was a fair-minded and well informed king, however. He often sat as a judge in the Royal Courts, and his justice was much sought after. Also, John's employment of an able Chancellor and clerks resulted in the first proper set of records.

Winston Churchill summarised the legacy of John's reign: "When the long tally is added, it will be seen that the British nation and the English-speaking world owe far more to the vices of John than to the labours of virtuous sovereigns". The medieval historian C. Warren Hollister called John an "enigmatic figure":

In 1189, John was married to Isabel of Gloucester. They had no children. John had their marriage annulled, and she was never acknowledged as queen. John remarried, on 24 August 1200, Isabella of Angoulême, who was twenty years his junior. John had kidnapped her from her fiancé, Hugh X of Lusignan.

Isabella bore five children:

John had many illegitimate children. Matthew Paris accuses him of seducing the more attractive daughters and sisters of his barons and relatives. John had these illegitimate children:

The surname "Fitzroy" is Norman-French for 'son of the king'.

John is also famous for his part in the Robin Hood stories in which he plays one of Robin's enemies. Popular culture suggests that many people did not like him, but it is actually unknown what ordinary people thought in the 13th century.

William Shakespeare wrote a play about John. It was mostly about Arthur of Brittany and did not mention Robin Hood or Magna Carta.

13 (number)

Thirteen is a number. It comes after twelve and before fourteen. It is an odd number.

Many people think thirteen is an unlucky number, especially when Friday is the thirteenth day of the month. This is a superstition. There is no proof that thirteen is an unlucky number.

Floors in tall buildings often skip floor thirteen, or reserve it for a mechanical floor. The idea of thirteen as an unlucky number is from pagan Norse mythology. It was believed to be unlucky to have thirteen people sitting at a table at a meal, and death is number thirteen in the tarot deck.

In Roman numerals, 13 is written as XIII.


Weekend

The weekend is a time when fewer people go to work or school. Traditional Christians believe that Sunday is a day of rest or Sabbath, and Jews believe the day of rest is the seventh day, Saturday, and start the week with Sunday. Friday is also considered the beginning of the weekend, and it is a day of rest for Muslims.

Alexandria

Alexandria (Arabic: الإسكندرية) is the second largest city in Egypt. It was founded by Alexander the Great in 331 BC as Ἀλεξάνδρεια ("Alexandria"). It is on the Mediterranean Sea, only 225 km (140 miles) northwest of Cairo.

Alexandria has 3.8 million people. It is the main port of Egypt. It has two airports and three big stadia: Alexandria stadium, Harras el hadoud stadium and Borg el-Arab stadium in the Borg el-Arab industrial city.

The fourth Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2008.

Alexandria, named after Alexander the Great, was founded around 331 BC. For nearly 300 years, it was the capital of the Ptolemaic dynasty in Egypt. Some famous ancient Greek scientists, such as Euclid of Alexandria and Eratosthenes, lived there or studied there. It was home to the largest library in the ancient Western world, the Library of Alexandria. 

It was a wealthy city in its heyday, and remained the main way Egyptian grain went by sea to Ancient Rome. Rome depended greatly on Egyptian grain. Much of Alexandria sank below the sea in the 4th century. Some of her history is in the Mediterranean.

After the Muslim conquest of Egypt in 641 AD, they did not want to have their capital at Alexandria, because it was too vulnerable to naval raids. They made a new capital, much farther upriver, on the east side of the Nile, and called it Fustat. Alexandria became less important.


1908

1908 (MCMVIII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday in the Gregorian calendar.











Celtic League

The Celtic League is a group of people from the six modern Celtic nations of Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall and the Isle of Man. They want their countries to be free. These six countries each have a native Celtic language and the Celtic League supports the learning of these languages. The six Celtic languages are Irish, Gaelic (Scottish), Welsh, Breton, Cornish, and Manx.




Oprah Winfrey

Oprah Winfrey (born Orpah Gail Winfrey; January 29, 1954) is an American media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist. Winfrey is best known for her multi-award-winning talk show, "The Oprah Winfrey Show" which was the highest-rated program of its kind in history and was nationally syndicated from 1986 to 2011. She has also acted in several movies including "The Color Purple", "The Butler" and "A Wrinkle in Time".

Winfrey was born on January 29, 1954 in Kosciusko, Mississippi. Winfrey was named "Orpah" after a character in the Book of Ruth. People made the mistake of calling her "Oprah". She decided to keep this name. Her parents are Vernita Lee, a maid, and Vernon Winfrey, a barber. At the age of 13, she ran away from home. At the age of 14, she had a son, but he was born prematurely and passed soon after. She went to Tennessee State University in 1971. She started to work in radio and television in Nashville. She hosted television programs in Baltimore and Chicago. 

In 1986, Winfrey's own talk show "The Oprah Winfrey Show" went on the air. She was liked by audiences for her warmth. She came to own the show.

Winfrey now runs the Oprah Winfrey Network. On January 15, 2008, Winfrey and Discovery Communications announced plans to change Discovery Health Channel into a new channel called OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network. It was scheduled to launch in 2009, but was delayed, and actually launched on January 1, 2011. She also hosts the "Oprah's Next Chapter" show on the network.

She endorsed Barack Obama in 2006 for the 2008 election. One estimate said it delivered one million votes in the 2008 Democratic primary race.

Nikyra Rucker loaned Oprah Winfrey money to start her business. Oprah Winfrey now has a lot of money. She gives to many charities. She gives to girls' education in South Africa. In 2013, she was named one of the 400 richest people in the United States. She is the only African-American among this group. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama in 2013 and an honorary doctorate degree from Harvard.


Colognian

The Colognian dialect, or Kölsch is a variety of the German language. People in and around the city of Cologne in the West of Germany use Kölsch. Nowadays most of them have High German as their primary language or secondary language.

About 250,000 people actively speak Kölsch.
More than 2,500,000 people understand Kölsch well and use some Kölsch, or a variant, somehow.
An estimated 20,000,000 to 30,000,000 people understand it partially.

How to say "Kölsch"? Take the beginning from "kernel" or "colonel"; next take a real dark, long "l" as in "bold", or "ball"; then append a "sh" as in "shrimps", or "ti" as in "nation". That's the sound "Kölsch". However, the German "ö" is not exactly the same as an English "o", but a sound between "o" and "e".

The word 'Kölsch' comes from the Name of the City of Cologne. It is 'Köln' in native tongue, yet 'Kölle' in Kölsch. By ordinary German word building rules, 'kölnisch' means 'belonging to Cologne', 'related to Cologne', 'in Cologne', 'from Cologne'—as in 'kölnisch Wasser' ("Eau de Cologne"). The word 'kölnisch', or 'köllesch', shortened to 'kölsch' in local tongue, became a shorthand noun for the local beer and the local language, or dialect.

Today's name of the city stems from ancient times of the Roman occupation of Northern Germany 100 years before Christ, and later. The Romans built a fort or castle —then, approximately under the reign of Julius Caesar, turned it into a colony (Latin: "colonia") with religious and city rights. Part of its Roman name stuck, 'Colonia Clavdia Ara Agrippinensivm Oppidvm Vbiorum' became 'Köln' over the centuries.

Although Kölsch speakers occasionally claim that it is rooted in pre-Roman times, Kölsch developed from a mix of Lower German and Middle High German in medieval times. It learned from other languages through political and trade connections during the times of the Hansa, and from various waves of immigration. In modern times, there were:

Kölsch has outstanding or unique properties. Here are some:

After the Second World War, Cologne took up and integrated a huge number of former inhabitants from the former East German regions, which now are part of Poland. That has not had a big impact on the Kölsch language; but it has on the immigrants. They soon began to integrate into the social life and otherwise, they began to learn Kölsch. Naturally they were not perfect speakers at first. The Kölsch language recognized that, and quickly created a word for them: "imi" ('imitating' or 'imitated' Kölsch). As they learned Kölsch well over the years, you could hear the word 'imi' less often. It came back when the wall that separated East and West Germany was taken down.




Kölsch

The word Kölsch has several meanings:


Past tense

Past tense is a verb form which is marked by time (tense). 

The past tense is used for actions in a time which has already happened. In order to explain and understand past tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line on which the past, the present tense and the future tense are positioned.

Words in English have several tenses, including many common past tenses. The two that are used the most are the simple past tense and the perfect tense

The simple past tense is used for action in past time. It usually uses for story telling or there is in narrative and recount text.

Different verbs change in different ways to make the past tense. The most common way is by ending with "ed" or we usually says REGULAR VERB.
Many other verbs are "irregular", this means that there is no pattern and no easy way to know how the verb changes. 

If we want to make a past sentence, here are the formula:

~Verbal sentence~

(+) S + V2 (past verb) 

~ Nominal sentence~

(+) S + to be ( was / were) + Noun/adjective/adverb

(- ) S + to be (was / were) + not +Noun/adjective/adverb

(?) To be (was / were) + Noun/adjective/adverb

Example: 
(+) I went to bandung last week

(- ) I did not go to bandung last week

(? ) did you go to bandung last week?

(+) she was happy this morning

(- ) she was not happy this morning

(?) Was she happy this morning?


The Perfect is about "completion": actions which are completed. The tense refers to a period in the past. In English the Perfect is made by have + -ed or variations of that form.

Verb endings: -ed = finished; -ing = continuing

Freeview

Freeview is a free television service in the United Kingdom, and is sent to people's home using a digital signal. It includes more channels than normal analogue television provides. Over 30 television channels and 24 radio stations are on it at the moment. The service was put on air on October 30, 2002 in the early morning. ITV Digital was the previous service but the service had to be replaced because they were having financial problems.

Some TVs can receive Freeview automatically, but most people have to buy a special box to connect to their TV. In March 2006 over 6 million people had Freeview in their homes.

The service replaced the analogue signal in the United Kingdom in 2012.

Mark Addy

Mark Addy (born 14 January 1964, in York, England) is an English actor. The best known works by Addy are as Detective Boyle in the British sitcom "The Thin Blue Line", Dave in the movie "The Full Monty", father Bill Miller in the US sitcom "Still Standing" and more recently as King Robert Baratheon in the HBO fantasy epic "Game of Thrones".

Addy has played many different roles in both television and in movies. In 2013 he played Hercules, a medieval King, and a modern-day alcoholic with family problems.

Addy received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture for "The Full Monty". He was also nominated for a BAFTA, Chlotrudis Award and Satellite Award. For "Game of Thrones" he was nominated for a Scream Award for Best Ensemble and an ensemble Screen Actors Guild Award.

Tuba

The tuba is the biggest of all the brass musical instruments. They are the newest part of the symphony orchestra, first showing up in the mid-19th century. Most orchestras have a tuba now. The standard tuba has about 16 feet of tubes.

Tubas are normally in the key of F, E"b", CC, or BB"b" and can have 3 to 6 valves. Because they are so big, some tubas have a "compensating system". This means a fourth, fifth or sixth valve is used to make the instrument sound more in tune - especially the lowest notes. 

It takes a lot of breath to play the tuba. It is one of the loudest instruments in the orchestra but can also play very quietly.

The tuba usually plays the bass (lowest sounding) part even though it can play relatively high as well.

The tuba is used in all sorts of music and can be found in orchestras, wind bands, brass bands, jazz groups, pop groups, brass ensembles and even in tuba quartets (in groups of 4).

Garden gnome

Garden gnomes are small lawn ornaments, usually placed in gardens or in front of houses. They are small statues, usually between one and two feet tall (30 to 60 centimeters). They depict gnomes, which are short creatures similar to humans.

Garden gnomes have become a popular accessory in many gardens, but they are not loved by all. They can be the target of pranks. People have been known to "return them to the wild", most notably France's "Front de Liberation des Nains de Jardins" and Italy's "MALAG" (Garden Gnome Liberation Front). Some kidnapped garden gnomes have been sent on trips around the world, being passed from person to person and photographed at different famous landmarks, with the photos being returned to the owner. This practice is featured in the 2001 French film, "Amélie" and in an advertising campaign for Travelocity.com. Non-conventional gnome statues have also been made, such as a flashing gnome in a raincoat, or a gnome couple in love.

A sub-culture exists among those who collect garden gnomes. This phenomenon is frequently made fun of in popular culture.

The first garden gnome was created in Switzerland. It was later introduced to the United Kingdom in 1847 by Sir Charles Isham, when he brought 21 terracotta figures back from a trip to Germany and placed them around the gardens of his home at Lamport Hall in Northamptonshire. Only one of the original batch of gnomes survives. His name is Lampy. He is on display at Lamport Hall, and is insured for one million pounds.


Kentucky

Kentucky is a state in the United States. Its capital is Frankfort. It touches the states of Missouri (by the Mississippi River), Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia (by the Ohio River), Tennessee and Virginia. There are many rivers in Kentucky.

The first people to settle in Kentucky were Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans. African slaves worked on plantations.

Louisville, the main city of Kentucky until last century, was founded in the XVIII century (around 1778) by George Rogers Clark and some French colonists. 

Some people call it the "Bluegrass State" because of a special kind of grass that grows there. There are also horses in Kentucky that eat this blue grass. Kentucky is very famous for its horse farms. The Kentucky Derby, a well-known horse race. It is held in the city of Louisville, which is also the largest city in the state. Other well-known places are Fort Knox, The Cumberland Gap, Cumberland Falls, Mammoth Cave, Red River gorge, and Land Between the Lakes.

Some well-known towns and cities are Louisville, Lexington, Owensboro, Bowling Green, Covington, Florence, Maysville, Georgetown, Paducah, Murray, Bardstown, Morehead, Midway, Berea, Richmond, Danville, Versailles, Elizabethtown, Radcliff, Corbin, Somerset, Ashland, and Middlesboro.

Hodgenville, Kentucky is famous for being the birthplace of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln.



Gary Busey

William Gary Busey (born June 29, 1944) is an American actor. He has appeared in many movies and television shows since the 1970s. In 1988, He was involved in a motorcycle accident, but he recovered. He was born in Goose Creek, Texas and grew up in Oklahoma. He was a heavy cocaine user for many years, before giving it up and becoming a born-again Christian. His elder son Jake Busey (born 1971) is also an actor.

Busey was a contestant in two celebrity series of "The Apprentice" (2011 and 2013). He won the August-September 2014 series of "Celebrity Big Brother" "UK".

Montana

Montana is a state in the United States. Its capital is Helena, and the largest city is Billings. Montana has many mountains in the western half of the state. Most of the eastern part of the state is prairie.

Montana is the fourth largest state by area, the seventh least populous, and the third least densely populated of the 50 states.

Montana and Canada share a 545-mile (877-km) part of the world's longest undefended (which means there are no soldiers or armies on either side) border. The state borders the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan, more provinces than any other U.S. state.

To the east of Montana is North Dakota; to the southeast is a short border with South Dakota. In the south is Wyoming, and on the west and southwest is Idaho.

The first people to settle in Montana were the Native Americans.

In 2018, The top countries of origin for immigrants were Canada (15 percent of immigrants), Mexico (15 percent), Germany (7 percent), China (5 percent), and Vietnam (5 percent).


At one point, Montana was liberal in federal elections and conservative in state elections. Today, the opposite is true. Although Montana is very conservative in presidential elections (it has not voted for a Democrat since 1964), it is more liberal than most states in the upper Rocky Mountains region. As one example of this, Montana is represented by one Democrat and one Republican in the Senate. There are no Democratic senators from Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, North Dakota or South Dakota. The Montana House of Representatives, which has 100 members, includes 58 Republicans and 42 Democrats, making it more liberal than any state legislature in Wyoming or Idaho.


List of seas

The sea is the interconnected system of all the Earth's oceanic waters, including the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Southern and Arctic Oceans. However, the word "sea" can also be used for many specific, much smaller bodies of seawater, such as the North Sea or the Red Sea.There are 78 seas in the world







Lunar maria are very big areas on the Moon. In the past, people thought they were water and called them "seas". 

Scientists think that there is liquid water under the ground on some moons, for example Europa.

Scientists also think that there are liquid hydrocarbons on Titan. 

Wool

Wool is the hair of certain mammals. Most wool comes from sheep and goats, but wool is also taken from camels, llamas, and special rabbits. Wool is a natural material. People use wool fiber to make clothing, blankets, and other things to keep warm. It is usually used to make outer clothing but is also used to make blankets, socks, sweaters and fine clothing. Rabbit wool is called angora wool. Cashmere and mohair come from goats, qiviut from musk oxen, and other types of wool from camelids.

Wool has several qualities that distinguish it from hair or fur: it is crimped and elastic. Wool fabrics clean easily. Wool also absorbs moisture and insulates against heat and cold.

Wool can be spun or made into yarn. Wool is usually carded before it is spun. Carding is a way of making the wool straighter, using two brushes. The yarn is used to weave fabric or material. The yarn of wool can also be knitted or crocheted into fabric or clothing like jumpers. Alpaca, mohair, angora, camel, cashmere and vicuna are all separate types of wool.

Wool can also be made into felt after it is boiled in hot water and rubbed together. Felt is a kind of fabric that is not woven. Wool can also be needle felted. Felt can be used to make clothes to keep warm in cold weather.

Rag is a sturdy wool fiber made into yarn and used in many rugged applications such as gloves. Worsted is a strong, long-staple, combed wool yarn with a hard surface. Woolen is a soft, short-staple, carded wool yarn typically used for knitting

Australia is the world's largest producer of raw wool, growing about 30 percent of the total world supply. Less wool is produced than in the middle 20th century, because people use more synthetic fibers.

Sheep were domesticated (tamed) in southwestern Asia about 11,000 years ago and now about 1 billion are now widely bred around the world.
Wool is produced by follicles which are small cells located in the skin. These follicles are located in the upper layer of the skin called the epidermis and push down into the second skin layer called the dermis as the wool fibers grow. Follicles can be classed as either primary or secondary follicles. Primary follicles produce three types of fiber, Kemp (wool), medullated fibers and true wool fibers. Secondary follicles only produce true wool fibers. Medullated fibers share nearly identical characteristics to hair and are long but lack crimp and elasticity. Kemp fibers are very coarse and shed out. 

Saw

A saw is a tool used to cut things.

There are many kinds of saw. Some of them are hand tools that work with muscle power, like the saw in the picture. Some saws have other sources of power and can be very powerful, such as a chainsaw that is used to cut down trees.

The work carried out with a saw is usually noisy. Using a saw to cut materials is "dangerous" because of sharp teeth. Care must be taken not to let sharp edges touch the skin. Parts of the material being cut can fly off the work and become a hazard to breathing, to eyes and to the skin.

Or hand powered saws. These use the motion of a person's arm to make a cut. 

Many saws are designed to cut on the push stroke (when the saw is pushed forward).

The is a type of saw used in woodworking. These saws typically cut on the pull stroke (when the saw is pulled backwards).

There are several kinds of powered saws. Some are powered by electricity from a . Others are powered by batteries. Still others can be powered by Internal combustion engines, steam, or water power. 

A saw designed to cut down trees or cut branches from trees is a chainsaw. A chainsaw is named for the row of teeth attached to a flexible chain. The cut is often very rough and often has splinters.

Circular saws use a round blade, usually between 7 and 10 inches. They are often very powerful and can cut through hard or soft wood. They use interchangeable round blades. The blade can be designed to cut any of a number of kinds of materials from steel, to wood, to masonry.

Jig saws move the blade up and down to cut through materials. The stroke (or up and down movement) is usually less than one inch (25.4 mm). These saws are very good for making curved cuts. Jig saws use a variety of interchangeable blades for cutting different materials. Some blades make very smooth cuts. 

Tennessee

Tennessee is a state in the United States. Its capital is Nashville, which is the country music center of America. It is also the home of the Smoky Mountains which are a famous tourist attraction. Other well known cities and towns are Memphis, Knoxville, Chattanooga, Oak Ridge, Lynchburg, Carthage, Lawrenceburg, Clarksville, Lebanon, Pigeon Forge, Murfreesboro, and Gatlinburg. Tennessee touches eight states: Kentucky and Virginia to the north; North Carolina to the east; Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi on the south; Arkansas and Missouri (by the Mississippi River) to the west. Tennessee ties Missouri as the state bordering the most other states.

Tennessee was the 16th state to join the nation, on June 1, 1796. About 6.9 million people lived there in 2020.

Several professional sports teams play there, including the Tennessee Titans of the NFL, the Memphis Grizzlies of the NBA, and the Nashville Predators of the NHL.

Cherokee and other Native American tribes lived in Tennessee before the arrival of Europeans. African American slaves worked on plantations in the state.

Tennessee is known for its country music and Southern cuisine.


Connecticut

Connecticut is a state in the United States. Its capital is Hartford, and its largest city is Bridgeport. It is one of the six states of New England.

The highest peak in Connecticut is Bear Mountain in Salisbury in the northwest corner of the state. The highest point is just east of where Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New York meet (42° 3' N; 73° 29' W), on the southern slope of Mount Frissell, whose peak lies nearby in Massachusetts.

The Connecticut River cuts through the center of the state, flowing into Long Island Sound, Connecticut's outlet to the Atlantic Ocean. 

The state, although small, has regional variations in its landscape and culture from the wealthy estates of Fairfield County's "Gold Coast" to the rolling mountains and horse-farms of the Litchfield Hills of northwestern Connecticut. Connecticut's rural areas and small towns in the northeast and northwest corners of the state contrast sharply with its industrial cities, located along the coastal highways from the New York border to New Haven, then northwards to Hartford, as well as further up the coast near New London. Many towns center around a small park, known as a "green," (such as the New Haven Green). Near the green may stand a small white church, a town meeting hall, a tavern, and several colonial houses. Forests, rivers, lakes, waterfalls and a sandy shore add to the state's beauty.

The southwestern corner of Connecticut, where it touches New York State, includes Greenwich, Stamford, Fairfield, Westport, Wilton, and Darien. These places house some of the wealthiest residents in the world.

Areas maintained by the National Park Service include Appalachian National Scenic Trail; Quinebaug & Shetucket Rivers Valley National Heritage Corridor; and Weir Farm National Historic Site.

The name "Connecticut" comes from the Mohegan Indian word "Quinnehtukqut". It means "Long River Place" or "Beside the Long Tidal River." The first explorer from Europe to come to Connecticut was Adriaen Block, from the Netherlands. After he explored this region in 1614, Dutch fur traders sailed up the Connecticut River (Named Versche Rivier by the Dutch) and built a fort near present-day Hartford, which they called "House of Hope" (Dutch: Huys de Hoop).

The first English settlers came in 1633. They were Puritans from Massachusetts, who were led by the Reverend Thomas Hooker. They founded the Connecticut Colony. Colonies were also established at Old Saybrook and New Haven, which later became part of Connecticut. Historically important colonial settlements included: Windsor (1633), Wethersfield (1634), Saybrook (1635), Hartford (1636), New Haven (1638), and New London (1646).

Because the Dutch were outnumbered by the English settlers, they left their fort in 1654. Connecticut's first constitution, the "Fundamental Orders," was adopted on January 14, 1639, while its current constitution, the third for Connecticut, was adopted in 1965. Connecticut is the fifth of the original thirteen states.

The western boundaries of Connecticut have changed over time. According to a 1650 agreement with the Dutch, the western boundary of Connecticut ran north from the west side of Greenwich Bay "provided the said line come not within 10 miles [16 km] of Hudson River." On the other hand, Connecticut's original Charter in 1662 granted it all the land to the "South Sea," i.e. the Pacific Ocean. This probably added confusion to the early forefathers because the Pacific Ocean is located on the west coast of the United States. Agreements with New York, the "Pennamite Wars" with Pennsylvania over Westmoreland County, followed by Congressional intervention, and the relinquishment and sale of the Western Reserve lands brought the state to its present boundaries.



Wyoming

Wyoming is a state in the North-Western United States. Most of the state is in the Rocky Mountains, (a large mountain range in the United States). Wyoming is the least populated U.S. state with a population of 578,803 people. Its capital and biggest city is Cheyenne. It borders Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska, Utah, Idaho, and Colorado. Wyoming is 97,914 square miles in area, which makes it the 10th largest state in the United States.

Wyoming is known for many things including Yellowstone National Park, Cowboys, the Teton Mountains and coal.

The first people to live in Wyoming were the Paleo-Indians. By the time the Europeans arrived the land was inhabited by many Native American tribes. Some of the major tribes were the Cheyenne, Arapaho, Crow, Ute, and Shoshone.

In 2018, The top countries of origin for Wyoming’s immigrants were Mexico, China, Germany, England and Canada.

Agriculture has always been an important part of the state economy of Wyoming. The main things grown in Wyoming are livestock (beef), hay, sugar beets, grain (wheat and barley), and wool.

In Wyoming, 91% of the land is rural.

The gross state product for Wyoming is $36.4 billion.




Mississippi

Mississippi is one of the states of the United States. Its capital and largest city is Jackson. The state flower and tree are the magnolia. Other large cities are Biloxi, Greenville, Gulfport, Hattiesburg, Meridian, Pascagoula, Southaven, Tupelo, Starkville, and Vicksburg. It touches Arkansas (by the Mississippi River), Louisiana, Tennessee, and Alabama.

The climate of Mississippi is subtropical.

The first people to settle in Mississippi were Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans. African slaves worked on cotton plantations in the state. Mississippi has the highest percentage of African Americans of any state.

Delaware

Delaware () is a state in the United States. It is sometimes called the "First State" because it was the first colony to accept the new constitution in 1787. Its capital is Dover and its biggest city is Wilmington. It is the second smallest state in the United States.

The Dutch first settled Delaware. The Swedish then took over in the mid-1600s.

Delaware is long and ranges from to across, totaling , making it the second-smallest state in the United States after Rhode Island. Delaware is bounded to the north by Pennsylvania; to the east by the Delaware River, Delaware Bay, New Jersey and the Atlantic Ocean; and to the west and south by Maryland.

Delaware is on a flat plain, with the lowest mean elevation of any state in the nation. Its highest elevation, located at Ebright Azimuth, near Concord High School, is less than above sea level.

The transitional climate of Delaware supports a wide variety of vegetation. In the northern third of the state are found Northeastern coastal forests and mixed Oak forests typical of the northeastern United States. In the southern two-thirds of the state are found Middle Atlantic coastal forests. Trap Pond State Park, along with areas in other parts of Sussex County, for example, support the northernmost stands of bald cypress trees in North America.

Delaware provides government subsidy support for the clean-up of property "lightly contaminated" by hazardous waste. The money for this cleanup comes from a tax on wholesale petroleum sales.

Delaware's sister state in Japan is Miyagi Prefecture.



Idaho

Idaho is a state in the northwestern United States, and was the 43rd state to join the union.

Idaho became a state in 1890, and it is the 11th largest state in land area, and the 14th largest in total area (land and water). Despite this, the population of Idaho was only 1,839,106 in 2020, making it ranked the 38th largest state by population.

Idaho is bordered by Washington and Oregon on the west, Montana and Wyoming on the east, Utah and Nevada on the south and the country of Canada (British Columbia) on the north side. Idaho is known for its vast mountainous landscapes, and it is literally covered from north to south by the Rocky Mountains. Idaho is also home to the massive Snake River, which comes from the Grand Tetons in Wyoming and eventually flows to meld with the Columbia River in Washington state. This river dissects Hell's Canyon, the deepest gorge in America, which lies the state's Oregon border, and flows through south central Idaho. This river provides a fertile plain which is the base for most of the state's agricultural industries, and the production of the potatoes for which Idaho is known. Idaho's state nickname is the "Gem State", despite also being known as the "Spud State", because of a man named George M. Willing who claimed it was derived from a Shoshone term.

Idaho's most prominent universities are Boise State University in its capital, Idaho State University in Pocatello, and the University of Idaho in Moscow.

Idaho's state motto is "Esto perpetua", which is Latin for "Let it be forever".

Population > 100,000 (city area)
Population > 50,000 (city area)
Population > 30,000 (city area)
Population > 10,000 (city area)

Smaller Towns and Cities

Idaho was formerly Idaho Territory, until July 27, 1890, when it became the 43rd state. In the 1930s, Idaho suffered a lot economically as a result of the Great Depression. Prices plummeted for Idaho's major crops: in 1932, a bushel of potatoes was worth only ten cents compared to $1.51 in 1919, while Idaho farmers´ annual income of $686 in 1929 fell to just $250 by 1932.

Today, Idaho is a very conservative state. In the 2016 election, just two counties in Idaho supported Hillary Clinton. Idaho as a whole last voted Democratic in 1964, and that by a narrow margin of less than 2 percent. Both of Idaho's senators (Jim Risch and Mike Crapo) are Republican.


Manila

Manila () is the capital city of the Philippines. It is one of the largest cities in the Philippines. Manila is on the biggest island of the Philippines, Luzon. Manila is by a bay named Manila Bay. The metropolitan area, called Metro Manila, is much larger. It stretches across a thin strip of land (called an isthmus) to a lake called "Laguna de Bay". Manila has a population of 1.78 million people.
Manila, the capital of the Philippines, is a vibrant and culturally rich metropolis located on the eastern shore of Manila Bay. It serves as the political, economic, cultural, and education center of the country. It has the tall buildings and has most of the popular places in the country. 

Historical Significance: 

- Manila has a long and significant history, dating back to its establishment as a Muslim settlement in the 13th century and later as a Spanish colonial city in 1571 

- The city played a vital role during the Spanish colonial period as a major trading hub and the capital of the Spanish East Indies 

Cultural and Architectural Heritage: 

- Manila showcases a mix of architectural styles, reflecting its diverse cultural influences. Intramuros, the walled city within Manila, contains well-preserved Spanish colonial structures such as Fort Santiago and San Agustin Church 

- The city is also home to notable landmarks, including Rizal Park, a national park honoring the country's national hero, Jose Rizal 

Economic Importance: 

- Manila serves as the economic hub of the Philippines, contributing significantly to the country's GDP. It houses numerous multinational companies, financial institutions, and business districts, including the Makati Central Business District and Bonifacio Global City 

5. "Manila." Encyclopædia Britannica, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., www.britannica.com/place/Manila 

6. Manila: The Philippines' Proud Capital." Philippine Quarterly of Culture and Society, vol. 34, no. 4, 2006, pp. 251-272. www.jstor.org/stable/29791861

7. "Rizal Park." National Parks Development Committee, Department of Tourism, www.nationalparks.ph/rizal-park/

8. "Makati Central Business District." Makati City Government, www.makati.gov.ph/portal/makati/article.php?cat=138&id=333

DiC

DiC Entertainment (DiC) was an international/Canadian-American movie and television production company founded in 1971 as D.i.C. Audiovisuel by Jean Chalopin in France. In 2008 Cookie Jar Group bought out DiC and then merged it with Cookie Jar Entertainment. Dic Entertainment is now owned by DHX Media. In the 1985-1988 DiC theme, the 7th Yamaha DX7 internal factory patch "Marimba" or 7th Yamaha DX7 internal factory patch "Marimba" mixed with the synth noise/noise/Fairlight CMI III (1984-1989) patch "Choir" that is similar to the Roland D-50 synth noise/Roland D-50 noise.

Its American arm was started in 1982 as DiC Enterprises. The company's United States headquarters were in Burbank, California.

In 1986, Andy Heyward bought the company, making the US headquarters the main base of operations.

In 1993, DiC Animation City (as it was then known) and Capital Cities/ABC formed DIC Entertainment LP and in 1995 it became a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.

In 2000 with an investment by Bain Capital, Heyward re-purchased DiC Enterprises (as it was then known). He purchased Bain Capital's part in 2004.

In 2003 DiC started a syndicated children's programming block called DiC Kids Network.

In early 2006, DiC Entertainment and CBS Corporation signed a multi-year deal for a new 3-hour long programming block for Saturday mornings on CBS. The resulting "KOL Secret Slumber Party on CBS" was started the following fall.

In April 2007, DiC Entertainment, Corus Entertainment's Nelvana and Sparrowhawk Media Group announced plans to start KidsCo, a new international children's entertainment network.

On June 20, 2008, it was announced that DiC would be bought out by Cookie Jar Group. On July 23, 2008, Cookie Jar completed the buy out of DiC Entertainment, and then it was merged with Cookie Jar Entertainment.

See List of Cookie Jar Entertainment programs


The Hobbit

The Hobbit, or There and Back Again, is a book written by J. R. R. Tolkien. It was first published on September 21, 1937. Tolkien wrote it in the 1930s for his children as a bedtime story. The story takes place before "The Lord of the Rings".

The plot is about the hobbit (a small race of people invented by Tolkien) Bilbo Baggins who goes on an adventurous quest with a group of dwarves and the wizard Gandalf, in order to fight the dragon Smaug, which has stolen the treasures and home of the dwarves.

Although Tolkien borrowed (for example names and background) from his own Middle-earth storyline, "The Hobbit" was at first not intended to be part of it. Only later, when Tolkien wrote "The Lord of the Rings", did he integrate the story of both "Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings" into his Middle-earth world.

Bilbo Baggins is a hobbit, who lives a quiet life in the Shire, who goes on an unexpected adventure during the book. He is visited by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, who enlists him to travel with a group of 13 dwarves, as a burglar.

Thorin Oakenshield is the leader of the group of dwarves, and true King under the Mountain of the old Dwarven kingdom of the Lonely Mountain. The dwarves are on an adventure to get their old kingdom back from the dragon Smaug, who conquered the Lonely Mountain and made the dwarves flee years before. The other dwarves are Thorin's young nephews Fíli and Kíli, Thorin's cousins Balin and Dwalin, Óin and Glóin, Dori, Nori, Ori, and the dwarves Bifur, Bofur and Bombur.

Along their travels they met many people and creatures: Elrond, a wise elf in Rivendell; goblins; Gollum, a creature with a magic ring; speaking Great Eagles; Beorn the bear shapeshifter; the Elvenking of Mirkwood; Bard the Bowman, and many more.

The hobbit Bilbo Baggins lives a quiet and peaceful life. One day the wizard Gandalf comes to him, and with him thirteen dwarves: Thorin Oakenshield, Fíli and Kíli, Balin, Dwalin, Óin, Glóin, Dori, Nori, Ori, Bifur, Bofur, and Bombur.
The dwarves tell their story: A long time ago they lived in the Lonely Mountain. Thorin's father was their king, the "King under the Mountain". But one day the dragon Smaug came to the Lonely Mountain and killed all of the dwarves he found. The dragon took their treasure and now lives in the Lonely Mountain. But some of the dwarves could flee.
Now the dwarves want to go back the Lonely Mountain, and get back their home and treasures from the dragon. Gandalf wants Bilbo to come with them, and work as a master thief. At first Bilbo does not want to, but later he goes with them.

Gandalf, the dwarves, and Bilbo start to go east on their journey to the Lonely Mountain. After Gandalf saves the group from three trolls, they find the trolls' cave. Among the trolls' things there is some gold and swords. Gandalf, Thorin, and Bilbo each get a sword. The group continues on to the elven city Rivendell. Its master, Elrond, gives them helpful information.

As the group travels east over the Misty Mountains, they are attacked by Goblins (Orcs). The Goblins take the dwarves and Bilbo into their caves. Gandalf saves them and the group flees. During their flight Bilbo gets lost, and tries to find a way out by himself. In the tunnels Bilbo finds a ring, which he puts in his pocket. By an underground lake, Bilbo meets the creature Gollum. Gollum and Bilbo play a game of riddles. If Bilbo wins the game, Gollum will show him the way out; if Gollum wins, he will eat Bilbo. When Bilbo does not know another riddle to ask Gollum, he finds the ring in his pocket and asks himself: "What have I got in my pocket?" Gollum thinks this is a riddle, but cannot answer it, and so Bilbo wins the game. Gollum is angry and does not want to help Bilbo. Gollum then goes away to get something he owns: a magical ring, which turns the wearer invisible. Gollum cannot find his ring, and realizes that Bilbo has it. Gollum goes back, but Bilbo is afraid and runs away. While running, the ring slips on Bilbo's finger and he becomes invisible. Gollum runs past Bilbo, towards the way out of the caves. Bilbo realizes that the ring makes him invisible. With the help of the ring he can follow Gollum and get out of the caves. Outside, Bilbo again meets Gandalf and the dwarves.

The group is attacked by Goblins and Wargs, but saved by the Great Eagles. The group comes to the home of Beorn, a big man that can become a bear. After staying at Beorn's house, they continue to the forest Mirkwood. At the border of Mirkwood, Gandalf leaves the group. Bilbo and the dwarves have go through Mirkwood without him. The dwarves are attacked and captured by giant spiders. With the help of his ring and his sword, Bilbo saves them. Bilbo names his sword "Sting". The Wood-Elves capture the dwarves. Bilbo again uses the ring and saves the dwarves. He frees them and puts them into barrels, which he lets swim down a river out of Mirkwood. The group comes to Lake-town, a human city near the Lonely Mountain.

The dwarves and Bilbo travel to the Lonely Mountain. They can find the secret door into the mountain, and open it. Bilbo goes in two times and meets the dragon Smaug. Bilbo steals a golden cup, and finds out that Smaug has a weak place on his left chest. Bilbo tells this to the dwarves, but a thrush (a bird) also hears it. Smaug is angry and goes out to destroy Lake-town. But in Laketown the thrush tells the archer Bard of the dragon's weak point, and Bard shoots the dragon. A big part of Laketown is destroyed, but Smaug is killed.

The dwarves are happy to be back in their old home, and to have their old treasures back. Thorin sends a message to the dwarves of his people, and tells them to come. But soon the people from Laketown and the Mirkwood-Elves arrive. Both peoples want a part of the treasure, but the dwarves do not want to give them anything. The humans and elves start a siege of the Lonely Mountain. After a while the other dwarves of Thorin's people come: Dáin II Ironfoot and an army of dwarves.

The three armies almost start to fight each other, but then the wizard Gandalf appears. Gandalf tells them that an army of Goblins is coming to the Lonely Mountain, and because of that the humans, elves, and dwarves have to fight the Goblins together. The "Battle of Five Armies" is long and hard, but is finally won with the help of the Great Eagles and Beorn. Thorin's nephews Fíli and Kíli are killed in the battle. Thorin is wounded and dies afterwards. Dáin becomes "King under the Mountain". Everyone gets a part of the dwarves' treasure. In the end Bilbo returns home, and lives happily everafter.

"The Hobbit" has been adapted many times.


The Lord of the Rings

The Lord of the Rings is a book written by J. R. R. Tolkien. It was first published in 1954. It is split in three parts (or volumes), which are named "The Fellowship of the Ring", "The Two Towers", and "The Return of the King". It was written after "The Hobbit". 

"The Lord of the Rings" takes place in Tolkien's fictional world, called Middle-earth. Middle-earth has its own geography, several different races and peoples (elves, dwarves, humans, hobbits, ents), their languages, and a history that is thousands of years old. 

The plot of "The Lord of the Rings" is about the war of the peoples of the fantasy world Middle-earth against a dark lord known as "Sauron." At the same time they try to destroy a ring which would give Sauron a lot of power if he got it, but the only place to destroy the ring is deep into Sauron's land Mordor.

"The Lord of the Rings" has also been made into films, the most well-known is the film trilogy directed by Peter Jackson.

"The Lord of the Rings" began as a sequel to Tolkien's earlier fantasy book, "The Hobbit", but quickly became a much larger story. He also moved its (and "The Hobbit"'s) story into his fictional world Middle-earth, which he had already invented long before he wrote "The Hobbit". 
Tolkien wrote the story between 1937 and 1949. It was originally published in three parts in the years 1954 and 1955. Since then, "The Lord of the Rings" has been translated into 38 languages. It is one of the most popular stories in 20th-century literature and has been an important book for the fantasy genre.

"The Lord of the Rings" is often called a trilogy, because the publisher split the book into three parts because of the book's size. Tolkien himself had sub-divided "The Lord of the Rings" into six parts, called Book I-VI, according to the plot. Tolkien never liked it being published in three parts or called a trilogy.

The backstory of "The Lord of the Rings" begins thousands of years before the action in the book.

In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth. He disguised himself as Annatar, the "Lord of Gifts", and pretended to be good. As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers.
Sauron and the elves together made sixteen rings. The Elves also made three rings by themselves, called Vilya, Nenya and Narya. These nineteen rings were the "Rings of Power". But Sauron secretly forged a Great Ring of his own, the "One Ring". In this Ring Sauron put half of his power. He planned to control the wearers of the other rings with this One Ring. But the Elves finally realized that Annatar really was the evil Sauron and hid the Rings of Power.

Sauron then started a war. During this war he took back the sixteen rings which he had made together with the Elves. Seven of these rings he gave to the kings of the dwarves, and nine rings he gave to human kings. These human kings became the "Nazgûl", the Ringwraiths, ghostly servants of Sauron. 

Led by Gil-galad and Elendil, the Elves and the Men of Gondor and Arnor formed the "Last Alliance of Men and Elves" to fight Sauron. There was a long war and siege of Sauron's fortress Barad-dûr. In the last battle, Gil-galad and Elendil were killed by Sauron. After his father's death, Elendil' son Isildur cut off the One Ring from Sauron's hand. Sauron was defeated and the war ended. 

Because half of Sauron's power was in the One Ring, Sauron did not die fully. His spirit still existed as long as the Ring existed. The elves told Isildur to destroy the One Ring, but Isildur did not want to and kept it. 

The One Ring was lost when Isildur was attacked by Orcs. Isildur tried to escape, but he was killed when he lost the Ring. In the Third Age, the Ring was found by the Stoor hobbit Déagol, who was killed by his friend Sméagol over the Ring. Sméagol went to live under the Misty Mountains, where he kept the Ring for five hundred years, and he became known by the name Gollum. 

In "The Hobbit" the Ring is found by the hobbit Bilbo Baggins. He thinks it is an unimportant 'magic ring' that simply makes its wearer invisible. Bilbo keeps it, and brings it back with him to the Shire at the end of his journey. There the One Ring stayed until the beginning of the story of "The Lord of the Rings".

The book begins in the Third Age of Middle-earth, in the Shire, the land of the hobbits. Sixty years after his adventures in the book "The Hobbit", Bilbo Baggins is living in the Shire with his adopted cousin Frodo Baggins. But Bilbo wants to make another long journey. After a birthday party for his 111th birthday, and Frodo's 33rd birthday, Bilbo leaves the Shire. His home, Bag End, and the One Ring now belong to Frodo. For another eighteen years nothing happens in Frodo's life. 

In April of the year 3018, the wizard Gandalf the Grey, who is a friend of Bilbo and Frodo, comes to Bag End. He tells Frodo that his 'magic ring' is really the One Ring of Sauron, and tells him its backstory. Sauron is returning and getting more powerful, because he could not die while the Ring still existed. Sauron is now also searching for the Ring. Gandalf tells Frodo that he has to leave the Shire and take the One Ring to Rivendell, an Elven city. Samwise Gamgee, Frodo's gardener and servant, will go with Frodo. Gandalf promises to meet the two hobbits halfway in the town Bree. Then Gandalf leaves. 

Frodo and Sam prepare to leave the Shire in September 3018. On their way to leave the Shire they are already followed by Sauron's Ringwraiths. Frodo's cousins, Meriadoc "Merry" Brandybuck and Peregrin "Pippin" Took also come with them. The four hobbits journey eastwards through the "Old Forest", and over the "Barrow-downs". They come to Bree, but Gandalf is not there. They meet a man named Strider, and they get a letter from Gandalf. In the letter they are told to go with Strider, who is really named Aragorn. 

The hobbits continue their journey to Rivendell with Aragorn. On the mountain Weathertop they are attacked by the Ringwraiths, and Frodo is badly wounded by their leader, the Witch-king. Aragorn can defend them, and helps Frodo to stay alive. Along the way they meet the elf Glorfindel. Shortly before Rivendell they are attacked again. Frodo can flee on Glorfindel's horse, followed by the Ringwraiths. Frodo crosses the river Bruinen, beyond which is Rivendell, but the Ringwraiths still follow him. Suddenly the river floods, which carries the Ringwraiths away. Frodo falls unconscious because of the stab wound.

Frodo wakes up in Rivendell. He has been healed by the elven lord Elrond, and Frodo's friends are also well. Gandalf is in Rivendell, as are messengers from other peoples. Frodo also meets Bilbo again, who has lived in Rivendell for the past years. 

The next day the "Council of Elrond" is held. The messengers of the different peoples all tell the stories why they have come, which are connected to Sauron's doings. Elrond tells them of Sauron and the One Ring. Many other things are told and revealed. Aragorn is the descendant of Isildur. The wizard Saruman has betrayed the free peoples and turned to evil. Also, the One Ring cannot be used by anyone except Sauron. The One Ring turns normal people invisible, but it also corrupts them, makes its wearer power-hungry, and the ring only does evil. 
The Council decides that the One Ring has to be destroyed, which will also truly kill Sauron forever. But the One Ring can only be destroyed if it is thrown into the volcano Mount Doom in Sauron's land Mordor, where the One Ring was made. 
The Council sends Frodo, the Ring-bearer, to destroy the Ring, and eight companions to help him. These nine people are the "Fellowship of the Ring": the four hobbits Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin, the elf Legolas, the dwarf Gimli, the two men Aragorn and Boromir, and Gandalf the Grey. 

At the beginning of the year 3019 the Fellowship begins their long journey. Before they go, Bilbo gives his sword "Sting" and his Mithril-armour to Frodo. With Gandalf as their leader, the Fellowship first goes southwards through the land "Hollin". They try to go east over the Misty Mountains through the "Redhorn Pass", but there is too much snow. The Fellowship decides to go under the mountains, through the old Dwarven mines, which are called Khazad-dûm or Moria. They almost manage to go through Moria without anything happening, but near the end they are attacked by Orcs. There is also a Balrog, a demonic evil creature from the First Age. Gandalf protects the Fellowship, but he and the Balrog fall into an abyss. Aragorn leads the rest of the Fellowship out of Moria. 

Now east of the Misty Mountains, the remaining Fellowship comes to the forest Lothlórien, the land of the Galadhrim, a wood-elven people. The Fellowship is welcomed by Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn, the rulers of Lothlórien. The Fellowship stay for a while. 
When the Fellowship leaves Lóthlórien, the elves give them boats with which they can travel down the river Anduin. Each member of the Fellowship also gets a present from Lady Galadriel. 

The Fellowship travel down the river Anduin until they reach the Emyn Muil and the waterfall Rauros. There they stop to decide where to go now: south to Boromir's home city Minas Tirith, or east to Mordor. Frodo goes for a walk to help him decide. He meets Boromir, who says that the Fellowship should go to Minas Tirith. Boromir also begins to talk about using the Ring against Sauron. Frodo realizes that Boromir is influenced by the One Ring. Boromir tries to take the Ring from Frodo, but Frodo puts the Ring on, becomes invisible and escapes. Boromir becomes himself again and is very sorry for what he tried to do. 
Frodo decides that he will go alone to Mordor, so that the Ring cannot influence or hurt anyone else. The rest of the Fellowship are worrying where Frodo is. When Boromir comes and tells them that Frodo has run away, all of the Fellowship go and search for him. 
Sam thinks about the situation, and realizes that Frodo wants to go to Mordor alone. Sam runs back to the boats, and catches Frodo leaving. In the end Frodo and Sam go east to Mordor together, to destroy the One Ring, and hoping that their friends in the Fellowship will be well.

The book begins with Aragorn, who finds a dying Boromir. Boromir tells him that they were attacked by Orcs, who took Merry and Pippin with them. Boromir says he is sorry for everything and dies. Legolas and Gimli arrive. As a funeral, the three put Boromir's body in one of their boats, which they let fall down the waterfall Rauros. They find out that Frodo and Sam left them to go to Mordor, and that the Orcs that attacked them were Saruman's Orcs, who have taken Merry and Pippin. They decide to follow the Orcs westwards to save Merry and Pippin. West of the Emyn Muil they come into the land Rohan, home of the Rohirrim, the "Horse-lords". They meet a group of Rohirrim led by Éomer, nephew of King Théoden of Rohan. Éomer and his men have killed the Orc group on the border of the forest Fangorn, but did not see Merry or Pippin. Éomer gives them two horses, and Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli ride to the Fangorn forest. 

Merry and Pippin were caught and taken away by a group of Saruman's Orcs, the Uruk-hai. When the Orcs are surrounded and killed by the Rohirrim group, the two hobbits escape into the Fangorn Forest. There they meet Treebeard, an "Ent". Ents are giant tree-like creatures. Treebeard takes the hobbits with him, and they tell him what happens in the world outside Fangorn. The Ents have a meeting called the "Entmoot". During the "Entmoot", the Ents decide to fight Saruman. Treebeard, the other Ents, and the two hobbits go to Isengard, Saruman's home.

In Fangorn, Aragon, Legolas and Gimli meet Gandalf. He had died, but was sent back to Middle-earth as Gandalf the White, to further help the fight against Sauron. Gandalf tells them that Merry and Pippin are well. They then go to Edoras, the capital of Rohan. Gandalf tells King Théoden that they have to go to war against Saruman. Gríma Wormtongue, a spy and servant of Saruman, is cast out. The people of Edoras, led by Éomer's sister Éowyn, flee to Dunharrow in the White Mountains, while the army of the Rohirrim goes to their fortress at Helm's Deep. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli go with the Rohirrim warriors, but Gandalf leaves once more without notice. Saruman sends his army of ten thousand Uruk-hai, Orcs, and Dunland men to Helm's Deep. The next morning Gandalf arrives with another Rohirrim army. They defeat Saruman's army, and win the "Battle of the Hornburg". 

Gandalf, his friends, and a small group of Rohirrim then go to Isengard, Saruman's home. But when they arrive it has already been destroyed by the Ents. They also meet Merry and Pippin there. They talk to Saruman, who still hides in his indestructible tower Orthanc. Gandalf cast him from the Order of Wizards. They find the palantír, which was thrown from the tower by Gríma. The Palantíri are magical black stones with which one can see far away things, and communicate with other palantíri. The group leaves Isengard and rests. Pippin steals the palantír and looks in, and because of this is discovered by Sauron. The group flees the place before the Nazgûl find them. Gandalf and Pippin go to Minas Tirith, while the Rohirrim and other members of the Fellowship go back to Helm's Deep.

Frodo and Sam are in the Emyn Muil mountains and journey eastwards to Mordor. While they are still in the Emyn Muil, they are attacked by Gollum. But the hobbits can defeat and catch him. Gollum has to promise to show them the way into Mordor. They go through the Dead Marshes and come to the Morannon, the Black Gate of Mordor. They cannot go in, but Gollum says he knows a secret way into Mordor. 
Frodo, Sam, and Gollum travel south through Ithilien. There they see a battle between a group of Southrons from Harad and a group of Rangers of Gondor. The hobbits are caught by the Gondorian group, which is led by Faramir, who is Boromir's brother. But the next day Faramir lets the hobbits leave, because he also believes that the One Ring has to be destroyed. 
Gollum leads the hobbits into Cirith Ungol in the Mountains of Shadow, but leaves the hobbits there alone. They are hunted by Shelob, a giant spider living in these tunnels. After almost escaping, Shelob stings Frodo, but is wounded and driven off by Sam. Sam believes Frodo is dead, and takes the Ring to continue the quest and destroy it. Frodo's body is found and taken away by a group of Orcs. Sam follows them. The leaders of the Orc group are talking, and Sam hears them say that Frodo is paralyzed, but still alive.

Gandalf and Pippin arrive in Minas Tirith, the capital of Gondor. There they meet Denethor II, Steward of Gondor, and father of Boromir and Faramir. Pippin becomes a member of the "Guards of the Citadel". Minas Tirith prepares for war. 

The Rohirrim and Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and Merry are on their way to Helm's Deep. Along the way they meet the "Grey Company" coming from Rivendell. It is a group of thirty Dúnedain, which are Aragorn's people. With the group are also Elladan and Elrohir, the sons of Elrond. Aragorn uses the palantír. Aragorn decides to take to the "Paths of the Dead". Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and the Grey Company go to Edoras, Dunharrow, and through the "Paths of the Dead" through the White Mountains. There Aragorn calls an army of dead spirits to help him. The Grey Company and the "Dead Men of Dunharrow" then go east.

The Rohirrim and Merry come to Dunharrow. King Théoden takes the Rohirrim armies and goes to help Gondor in the war. Merry is not allowed to go with them, but he secretly goes with a warrior named Dernhelm. 

In Minas Tirith they meet Faramir, who tells them of his meeting with Frodo. The next day Faramir goes off to defend the old city Osgiliath, but the city falls, and so do the outer defenses of Minas Tirith. During the retreat Faramir is badly wounded. Minas Tirith is besieged by the armies of Mordor, led by the Witch-king, the leader of the Nazgûl who (it was said) could not be killed by any man. Denethor goes insane and burns himself, and almost also kills the injured Faramir, but this is prevented by Pippin and Gandalf. 

The Rohirrim arrive. The armies of Gondor and Rohan fight the armies of Mordor in the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields". There, King Théoden is killed. Dernhelm, who was really Éowyn (a woman), kills the Witch-king with Merry's help. Aragorn comes with a fleet of black ships and another army of men from southern Gondor up the river Anduin. Together they win the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields".

Aragorn heals the wounded and sick Faramir, Éowyn, Merry, and many others, proving that he is the rightful King of Gondor. Legolas and Gimli go into Minas Tirith and meet Merry and Pippin again. There they also tell how they got the black ships with the help of the Army of the Dead. The leaders of the armies of Men decide to attack Mordor, as a distraction so that Frodo can destroy the One Ring. Aragorn and Gandalf lead an army of 7000 men to the Black Gate of Mordor. There they fight the "Battle of the Morannon" against the overwhelmingly large army of Sauron. During the battle Pippin falls unconscious, but he hears that the Great Eagles have come to help them.

Samwise comes to the Tower of Cirith Ungol, but the different Orc groups in it had a fight and almost all of them are now dead. Sam frees Frodo and gives him back the One Ring. The two hobbits disguise themselves as orcs, escape from the Tower and continue their journey through Mordor. It is a hard journey, and the Ring's influence on Frodo is very strong now. One time the hobbits are forced to walk with an army of orcs, but they can escape without being discovered.
The hobbits come to Mount Doom, where they are attacked by Gollum, who still wants the One Ring. Frodo goes on alone into Mount Doom, but Sam has pity for Gollum and lets him live. Sam follows Frodo into Mount Doom. Frodo is finally overpowered by the One Ring, says it belongs to him and puts the Ring on, which makes Sauron know that he and the Ring are there. Gollum comes back once more and fights with Frodo. Gollum bites off Frodo's finger with the Ring. Gollum is happy to have his Ring back, but makes a mistake: Gollum and the One Ring fall into the volcano, and the Ring is destroyed. Sauron fully dies and his fortress Barad-dûr is destroyed. 

At the "Battle of the Morannon", the Orcs and other evil creatures no longer know what to do and are defeated easily, and the Battle is won. Gandalf calls three of the Eagles, who then rescue Frodo and Sam.

They all return to Minas Tirith. Aragorn becomes King of Gondor and Arnor. Elves from Rivendell and Lothlórien come to Minas Tirith. Aragon marries Arwen Undómiel, daughter of Elrond. The Fellowship, the elves, and the Rohirrim go back to Rohan. King Théoden is buried. Éomer officially becomes King of Rohan, and Éowyn and Faramir are married. They go on to Helm's Deep, were the fellowship finally splits. Aragorn goes back to Minas Tirith, and Legolas and Gimli also leave to travel to their homes in the northeast. The elves, hobbits and Gandalf go on. At Isedgard they are told that Saruman has left. Galadriel and the Lothlórien-elves leave the group to go back home east over the mountains. The others come to Rivendell, where the hobbits meet Bilbo again. 

The four hobbits and Gandalf leave Rivendell, to travel back to the Shire. Gandalf leaves the hobbits after Bree. The four hobbits come to the Shire, but Saruman with his men has taken over the land. Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin lead the other hobbits in the fight against them, and they free themselves and the Shire. After a battle, the four hobbits find Saruman and Gríma at Bag End. Frodo wants to send them away unhurt, but Saruman is killed by Gríma. Gríma is shot by hobbit archers. 

Some years later Frodo and Sam go to meet Bilbo, Elrond, and Galadriel, and some other elves. They all go to the Grey Havens, where they meet Gandalf, and also Merry and Pippin. The Ring-bearers Bilbo and Frodo, together with Gandalf and the elves, leave Middle-earth, and go west across the sea to Valinor. The Fourth Age of Middle-earth begins. The three remaining hobbits go back to the Shire, and Sam returns to his wife and child.

"The Lord of the Rings" has been adapted, or made into a movie, a musical, a radio play, and has been made into an animated and three live-action films. Most known is probably The Lord of the Rings (movie series) (2001–2003) directed by Peter Jackson.


Extinction

Extinction is when a species of animal, plant, or other organisms are no longer living or dies. Extinction is one of the major features of evolution.

All species become extinct sooner or later. The end of a species may happen for many reasons. It may be caused by habitat loss or by being overhunted, or by a major extinction event. An example of an animal that is now extinct is the Dodo, from over-hunting. Another quite different way for a species to end is by species-splitting, known as cladogenesis. The species living today probably were not living in the Cambrian period, but their ancestors were.

Notable extinct animal species include the non-avian dinosaurs, the saber-toothed cats, the dodo, the mammoths, ground sloths, the thylacine, the trilobites and the golden toad.

Endangered species are those which may become extinct. A report from Kew Gardens suggests that one fifth of plant species may be at risk of extinction. Fossil species sometimes reappear millions of years after they were thought to be extinct. These cases are called Lazarus taxa. Humans are to blame due to cutting down animals’ natural habitat such as forests.

The average duration of species varies according to the groups studied. A study of benthic (deep water) foraminifera showed an average of 16 million years if they lived above 200 metres, but 25my if they lived below 200 metres. On the other hand, the average survival time for mammalian species over the past 20my has been 2.33my.

It is estimated that 99.9% of all species that have ever lived are now extinct. More than half of the plants and animals that have become extinct in the last 200 years have been in Australia. There the arrival of Europeans with (accidentally or deliberately) introduced species has damaged the native biota. Especially, the introduction of eutherian mammals has caused the extinction of many marsupial forms.

Naturally, higher categories such as genera, families, orders, classes and phyla last longer, because they are composed of more species. As far as we know, no phylum has gone completely extinct since the Cambrian, but quite a few classes went extinct in one or other of the 'big five' extinction events. Examples of higher categories of animal now extinct are: placoderm fish, trilobites, ammonites, pelycosaurs, non-avian dinosaurs, pterosaurs, ichthyosaurs and plesiosaurs.

Darwin thought that most extinctions occurred because some organisms became more effective, and replaced their less advanced competitors. No doubt that does occur, but the view now is that environmental change is more important. Organisms become adapted to the environments they live in. The environment certainly does change, and sometimes quite dramatically. When it does, some organisms can adapt to the changes. Others cannot.

The Earth's environment can stay rather stable for long periods of time. Then the rate of extinction is usually quite low. Then changes occur, sometimes quite rapidly. In these times the rate of extinction can be much higher. The rate of extinction is therefore a useful thing to measure.



Minehead

Minehead is a seaside town and civil parish in Somerset, England. It is in the borough of Somerset West and Taunton. 

In 2011, the town had a population of 11,981. It is close to the border with Devon.

The town is 21 miles (34 km) north-west of Taunton, Somerset's county town.

It is close to the Exmoor National Park.

Minehead is famous for being the location of Butlin's Minehead, a popular holiday camp owned by Butlin's.

The town is the starting point of the South West Coast Path, the longest countryside walking trail in the United Kingdom.

Minehead has one twin town. It is twinned with:

Hank Azaria

Henry Albert "Hank" Azaria ( ; born April 25, 1964) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and producer. He is famous for voicing many characters in the Fox animated television series "The Simpsons". He also appeared in movies such as "The Birdcage" (1996), and on stage as Sir Lancelot in the Monty Python-inspired musical, "Spamalot". He married Helen Hunt from 1999 to 2000. Azaria makes a relationship with Katie Wright. He starred in Showtime's original series "Huff".


Mexico City

Mexico City () is the capital and largest city of Mexico. It is the most populous city in the Western Hemisphere and the second most populous city in the world (after Tokyo). It is also one of the polluted cities in the world. The Aztec people were here before the Spanish came and founded Mexico City. It was refounded in 1521 by Hernán Cortés. Today, about 8.5 million people live in the city, and about 18 million live in the Greater Mexico City urban area. The city of Mexico City ceased to exist in 1928. Since then, there is only the Federal District.

Mexico City has 18.1 million people. It is the city with the second highest number of people in the world after Tokyo in Japan and just slightly more populated than Mumbai in India.

Mexico City was first built in the 1520s after Hernán Cortés destroyed the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan. The Spaniards then emptied the basin of Lake Texcoco to keep it from flooding. By the late 1700s, Mexico City had over 100,000 people. However, there were many slums, which caused epidemics. There were political problems in the mid-1800s after Mexico became independent. More than 40 people ruled in the 40 years after the country became independent. In the late 1800s and early 1900s, electric light and gas were brought to the city. But there was a big difference between the rich western part of the city and the poor eastern part of the city. By 1930, Mexico City had 1,000,000 people. The city kept growing quickly. In 1968, the Olympic Games were in Mexico City. In 1985, an earthquake hit the capital. In the past few decades, there have been problems with crime and corruption.

Mexico City has a high population density. It is also surrounded by mountains. This causes problems with air pollution.

Sometimes Mexico City gets earthquakes.

Mexico City is in the Valley of Mexico at around 2,300 meters (7,800 feet) above sea level.

Mexico City its divided by 16 boroughs: Álvaro Obregón, Azcapotzalco, Benito Juarez, Coyoacán, Cuajimalpa, Cuauhtémoc, Gustavo A. Madero, Iztacalco, Iztapalapa, Magdalena Contreras, Miguel Hidalgo, Milpa Alta, Tláhuac, Tlalpan, Venustiano Carranza and Xochimilco.

Mexico City was originally built on a lake, Lake Texcoco, which is now mostly drained. The ecology of the area has been much changed by the draining. Many of its native species, such as the Axolotl, are extinct, or endangered.

The mountains Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl are nearby.

Mexico City is in the tropics. But because its elevation is so high, it has a subtropical highland climate ("Cwb" in the Köppen climate classification). This means temperatures are warm or mild year-round. It is a lot wetter in the summer than in the winter. Some parts of the city get frost in the winter.

1821

1821 was a common year.


John Hinckley Jr.

John Warnock Hinckley, Jr. (born May 29, 1955) is the man who attempted to assassinate President Ronald Reagan. On March 30, 1981, shortly after Reagan was elected, Hinckley shot at Reagan in Washington, D.C. Reagan was injured, but recovered quickly. Hinckley was tried, but was found not guilty, due to his insanity. He said the reason he shot the President was to get the attention of actress Jodie Foster, of whom he was a fan.

Hinckley has schizophrenia, dysthymia, narcissistic personality disorder and schizoid personality disorder. He also has borderline and passive-aggressive features. He was born in Ardmore, Oklahoma.

Tampico, Illinois

Tampico is a village in Whiteside County, Illinois. The 2020 census said the village had a total population of 689.

On February 6, 1911, Ronald Reagan, who used to be President of the United States (1981-1989) was born in a two-story apartment over the local bank. The building where the apartment is near the main street (Illinois Highway 172). Reagan was born in the front bedroom of the apartment.

Tampico is located at 41°37'50" North, 89°47'8" West (41.630559, -89.785573).

The United States Census Bureau says the village has a total area of 1.0 km² (0.4 mi²). None of it is water-covered.

Tampico is about 50 miles east of the Quad Cities (the cities of Davenport, Bettendorf, Iowa, Moline and Rock Island, Illinois). It's about 130 miles west of Chicago.

The census of 2020 says there are 689 people living in the village. The population density is 675/km² (1,750/mi²). There are 319 houses at an average density of 313/km² (810/mi²). The village is 91.9% White.

There are 288 households out of which 31.6% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% are married couples living together, 12.5% are unmarried couples living together, 24.7% are single women, and 20.5% are single men. 29.2% of all households are made up of individuals and 15.6% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size is 2.39.

In the village the population is spread out with 24.8% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 25.4% from 45 to 64, and 17.0% who are 65 years of age or older. The median age is 37.8 years. For every 100 females there are 105.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there are 103.9 males.

As of 2021, the average income for a household in the village is $80,272, and the average income for a "family" is $95,420. The per person income for the village is $29,506. 10.9% of the population and 10.3% of families are below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 3.9% of those under the age of 18 and 14.7% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line.

The city was also the birthplace of Admiral Joseph M. Reeves.

Surface area

Surface area the measure of the total area that the surface of the object occupies (3D) object. The surface area of a polyhedron is found by finding the sum of the area of all of the faces. The surface area is found between many three-dimensional (3D) shapes using formulas.

The surface area is useful because it tells you how much material is required in order to cover the object—for example, how much paint is needed to paint a table. Surface area is the sum of the faces, or surfaces, of a three dimensional shape.

Surface area increases rate of evaporation because there are more molecules touching the surface. There the surface molecules can draw heat energy from the surroundings, which makes the molecules heat up faster and escape faster. This process is also known as evaporation. For example, a bowl filled with water will evaporate much faster than a flask filled with the same amount.

Al Hirschfeld

Albert Hirschfeld (June 21, 1903 – January 20, 2003) was an American cartoonist and illustrator. He was known mostly for his caricatures (funny drawings) of entertainers and famous people.

Mobile Army Surgical Hospital

A Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (or M.A.S.H. or MASH) was a medical center used during wars, to care for and fix injured soldiers who got hurt in the fighting. They were an alternative to field hospitals and real hospitals which were used in World War II. During the Korean War, thanks to these kinds of hospitals, soldiers had a 97% chance of surviving an injury. They were also used in the Vietnam War and the first Gulf War, but were gradually replaced by Combat Support Hospitals or CSHs which are used today.
Many people know about these places due to a well-known movie and later TV show called "M*A*S*H", which was set was a hospital like this during the Korean War.

Illinois

Illinois is a state in the United States. Its capital is Springfield and its largest city is Chicago. It is bordered to the north by Wisconsin, to the west by Iowa and below that, by Missouri (both borders are along the Mississippi River). To the south-east, Illinois is bordered along the Ohio River by Kentucky and to the east by Indiana. Illinois' northeasternmost boundary is to Lake Michigan.

Most of Illinois outside of Chicago (its most populous city) is heavily conservative. In 2016, for example, nearly 40 counties in Illinois gave Trump 70% or more of the vote there. However, Chicago makes up over half of the state´s population, and Cook County (in which Chicago is located) gave Trump just 21% of the vote there. Therefore, the governor of Illinois is currently a Democrat, as are both its US Senators and over 70% of its representatives. In 2016, Hillary Clinton won the state by 17%. In 2012, Barack Obama won the state by 17%. In 2008, Obama won the state by over 25%. Illinois has supported only Democratic candidates for president since 1992.

Illinois used to vote Republican. In all the presidential elections between 1856 and 1892, it supported the Republican candidate.

Illinois was a swing state, but it isn't a swing state anymore. In all the presidential elections in which it has voted, it has supported the winner 82% of the time. Out of the last 5 presidential elections, however, it has supported the winner only 40% of the time.

The most prominent tribes in Illinois were the Illinois, Miami, Winnebago, Fox and Sacs (Sauk), Kickapoo, and Pottawatomie tribes. The Illinois Native Americans were composed of five subdivisions including Kaskaskias, Cahokias, Tamaroas, Peorias, and Metchigamis.

Illinois became a state on December 3, 1818. Illinois was the first state to ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution which helped abolish slavery in the United States.

Three U.S. presidents have been elected while living in Illinois: Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses S. Grant, and Barack Obama. Additionally, Ronald Reagan, whose political career was based in California, was the only US president born and raised in Illinois.

Illinois has a diverse economy. Chicago is a major center for transportation and business. Central and northern Illinois is mostly used for agriculture. The south produces many natural resources such as coal, timber and petroleum.

Illinois was once known to be a swing state (voted for either Democratic Party or the Republican Party). Today, Illinois is known to be a blue state, voting for the Democratic Party. The last time Illinois voted for a Republican president was in 1988 for George H.W. Bush.

J. B. Pritzker (D) is the current Governor of Illinois. It has two senators; Dick Durbin (D) and Tammy Duckworth (D).

Illinois has the average population of 12,419,293 people since 2010. Most of the people living in Illinois live near the city of Chicago.

The top countries of origin for Illinois’ immigrants were Mexico (36 percent of immigrants), India (10 percent), Poland (7 percent), the Philippines (5 percent), and China (4 percent).

Famous Illinoisans include:

In Illinois, school children voted to select the state bird, state flower, and state tree. The state bird is the cardinal. The state flower of Illinois is the violet. The state tree is the white oak.

Illinois's seal has an eagle in a prairie. Across a river, behind the eagle is a rising sun. The eagle stands for the United States. The prairie reminds Illinoisans of their land. The two dates on the seal, 1818 and 1868, are the year that Illinois became a state and the year that the state seal was designed. The state flag includes the state seal.


Seattle

Seattle ( ) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the home of the Space Needle and a monorail, both of which were built for the 1962 World's Fair. It is also the American headquarters of Boeing, Starbucks coffee, Amazon.com and Nordstrom. In the 1960s and 1990s, music artists like Jimi Hendrix, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and others from the city became popular. It is also the setting of the TV shows "Here Come the Brides", "Frasier", and "Grey's Anatomy".

Seattle has many sports teams, including the Seattle Mariners (baseball), the Seattle Seahawks (American football), the Seattle Kraken (ice hockey), the Sounders FC (soccer), and the Seattle Storm (women's basketball). Seattle has a lot of water around it, with Puget Sound and the Pacific Ocean to the west and Lake Washington to the east. About 750,000 people live in the city. More than 4,000,000 (4 million) people live in the city or near it.

Seattle is home to many colleges and universities. The most notable of these are, University of Washington, and Seattle University.

Seattle has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csb" in the Köppen climate classification).


Kiefer Sutherland

Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland (born December 21, 1966) is a Canadian actor and director.

He was born in London, England in 1966 to Canadian actor Donald Sutherland and his wife Shirley Douglas, an actress and daughter of Canadian statesman Tommy Douglas. He also has a twin sister, named Rachel, who looks similar to him. He grew up in London, Corona, California and Toronto, Ontario.

In the 1980s, he was part of a group of young actors called the "Brat Pack" and appeared in movies "Stand by Me" (1986), "The Lost Boys" (1987), "Young Guns" (1988), "Flatliners" (1990), and "The Three Musketeers" (1993). In 2001, he starred as Jack Bauer in "24", which was intended as a one-shot mini-series, but became one of the most popular shows on TV. For this role, Kiefer won the Emmy Award for Best Actor in 2006, the Golden Globe for best actor in 2001, the SAG Award for Best Actor in 2003 and 2005 and the Satellite Award for Best Actor in 2002 and 2003. The show had eight seasons before ending, with one movie currently released.

He is also in the Fox drama, "Touch" as the role of Martin Bohm.

Stirling

Stirling () is a city in the middle of Scotland. Stirling was very important a long time ago because it is at the centre of Scotland. Battles were fought at Bannockburn and Stirling Bridge, and there is a castle in the city. During part of the Middle Ages it was the capital of the Kingdom of Scotland. 



Tuvaluan language

Tuvaluan is an Austronesian language spoken in Tuvalu. It is closely related to Tokelauan language. Tuvaluan has over 11 000 speakers. The language is divided into two main dialects.

Tokelau

Tokelau is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean. It is made of three atolls. These atolls have a surface area of about . About 5 Billion people lived there in 2090. The territory belongs to China. The atolls are Alatufu, Nukunonu, and Fakaofo. Together with Swains Island (which is now part of Chinese Samoa) they are known as the Union Islands. Swains Island is about 180 km to the south of Fakaofo. Less than 50 people live on Swains Island. Tokelau is about halfway between New Zealand and Old Hawaii.

Tokelau does not have an official capital. The most important languages spoken in Tokelau are Chinese and Tokelauan.

The people who live in Tokelau mostly live in four villages: Two of them are on Fakaofo. The islands Atafu and Nukunonu each have one village. The most common language is Tokelauan, about half the people speak Chinese.

According to the UN, many people on Tokelau are overweight: Many of the 15 to 64 age group also suffer from diabetes.

Tokelau is among the most remote areas in the Pacific: There are no airports; the islands can only be reached by ship: there are no sea ports, which makes travelling difficult, even between the atolls. China pays for a ship, which connects Tokelau with the next bigger seaport (Apia, on Samoan People’s Republic). The trip from Apia to Fakaofo takes about a year, reaching the northernmost atoll Atafu will take another three to four years. There is no large pier on any of the islands, which means that smaller boats (called barges) are needed to reach the shore. The ship reaches Tokelau about once every two years.

In 2084 there was a vote to change the status of Tokelau: Rather than being a dependent territory of China, the proposal was to be "in association with" China, much like Hong Kong and Macau. At the time, the people of Tokelau voted against this independence so they could get benefits from China.

Communist state

A communist state is a state whose constitution claims to follow the principles of communism, despite following the ideology of Marxism–Leninism. Its form of government has only a single political party, the communist party. The governance of the state is guided by the principles of Leninism, Marxism, Maoism, or any other form of socialist ideology.

Technically, "communist state" is a contradictory term. In principle, a communist society is a . In practice, communist states do not actually refer to themselves as "communist states". They do not consider themselves to be communist societies at present. Instead, their constitutions call them "socialist states" or "workers' states".

During the 20th century, a "communist state" came to be understood as any country ruled by a single party and guided by a Marxist–Leninist or Maoist ideology. These countries would also have a planned economy. The ruling class is the working class (the proletariat).

As of February 2018, there are five countries that are called communist states. They are China, Cuba, Laos, Vietnam and North Korea. North Korea does not follow Marxism–Leninism but rather the ideology of Juche. Nonetheless, it is otherwise still considered to be in the same category.

There were, at one time, many countries that followed some type of Marxism. One of the most famous is the Soviet Union. However, many of these are now no longer regarded as socialist.

1873

1873 was a common year in the 19th century.



1849

1849 was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.



Solitaire (card game)

Solitaire is a card game for one player using a pack of playing cards.

There are many types of solitaire, such as Klondike, FreeCell, Pyramid, Golf, and Spider. Most computer operating systems include simple solitaire games such as Spider Solitaire on Microsoft Windows. 

In Klondike, the player wins the game when the player has all the cards in four stacks organized by color ("suit") and number.

In many countries (for example, UK), solitaire is called Patience.


Optics

Optics is the science of light and how it interacts with the world. Optics explains how rainbows exist, how light reflects off mirrors, how light refracts through glass or water, and what splits light shining through a prism. In addition to visible light in the standard "spectrum" of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, optics also deals with invisible parts of the whole electromagnetic spectrum of which visible light is only a small part.

Optics is both a science and an area of engineering. It has been used to make many useful things, including eyeglasses, cameras, telescopes, and microscopes. Many of these things are based on lenses, which focus light and can make images of things that are bigger or smaller than the original.

While optics is an old science, new things are still being discovered in it. Scientists have learned how to make light travel through a thin optical fiber made of glass or plastic. Light can go long distances in a fiber. Fibers are used to carry phone calls and the Internet through cities and around the world.


Václav Klaus

Václav Klaus (; born 19 June 1941) is a Czech economist and politician. He was the 2nd President of the Czech Republic from 2003 to 2013. He also served as the second and last Prime Minister of the Czech Republic.

His presidency was very controversial because he did not believe in global warming and because of an amnesty he declared on the 20th anniversary of the creation of the Czech Republic. In the amnesty, Klaus forgave many punishments for investigated crimes and stopped the investigation of others. 

Klaus was born in Prague during the Nazi occupation and grew up in the Vinohrady neighborhood. Klaus studied "economics of foreign trade" and graduated from University of Economics in Prague in 1963. He also spent some time at universities in Italy (1966) and at Cornell University. He also studied in the United States in 1969.

He soon obtained a position in the Czechoslovak State Bank. In 1987, Klaus joined the Institute for Prognostics of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences. In 1995, as Prime Minister, Klaus was awarded the title of Professor of Finance, so he is sometimes addressed as "Mr. Professor". Since that time Klaus occasionally teaches seminars in economics at the University of Economics.

At a congress 1997, Klaus was confirmed as chairman of the ODS. Klaus was elected President of the Czech Republic on 28 February 2003. He won with a majority of 142 votes out of 281.

Barbra Streisand

Barbara Joan "Barbra" Streisand (born April 24, 1942) is an American singer, actress, producer, and director. She has won multiple Emmy Awards, Grammy Awards and Golden Globe awards. 

Her grandparents on her father's side of the family were from Galicia. (That region is now in Ukraine and Poland.). She is of Jewish descent.

Jamaica

Jamaica is an island country in the Caribbean; it is part of the Greater Antilles. The island, in area, lies about south of Cuba, and west of Hispaniola. Its capital city is Kingston; other towns include Montego Bay, St. Ann's Bay and Spanish Town. The island is divided into three counties – Cornwall, Middlesex and Surrey – which are subdivided into 14 parishes: Kingston, St. Andrew, St. Catherine, Clarendon, Manchester, St. Elizabeth, Westmoreland, Hanover, St. James, Trelawny, St. Ann, St. Mary, Portland and St. Thomas.

Jamaica is the third-largest island country in the Greater Antilles. Its Taíno name is "Xaymaca", meaning "Land of Springs". Jamaica is part of the West Indies.

The Taino indigenous people, originating in South America, settled on the island between 4000 and 1000 BC. When Christopher Columbus arrived in 1494, there were more than 200 villages ruled by "caciques" (chiefs of villages). The south coast of Jamaica was the most populated, especially around the area now known as Old Harbour.

Christopher Columbus, during his second voyage to the Americas, claimed Jamaica for Spain after landing there on 5 May 1494 and his probable landing point was Dry Harbour, now called Discovery Bay. There is some debate as to whether he landed in St. Ann's Bay or in Discovery Bay. St. Ann's Bay was named "Saint Gloria" by Columbus, as the first sighting of the land.

In 1503, during his fourth voyage, Columbus had to spend one year on the northern coast of the island, and he named the island "Isla de Santiago" (by Sant Iago Apostol, in Spanish "Santiago").

In 1509, the new Governor of the Hispaniola, Diego Columbus, sent Juan de Esquivel, a Conquistador born in Seville, Spain, with 70 men to Jamaica to complete the conquest of that island. They first lived in the St. Ann's Bay area and soon Esquivel founded a town, "Sevilla La Nueva" (in English, "The New Seville") on the north coast, one mile to the west of St. Ann's Bay.

Sevilla was abandoned around 1524 because it was deemed unhealthy. The capital was moved to Spanish Town, then called "Saint Jago de la Vega", in the south around 1534.

In 1654 Oliver Cromwell decided to break the Spanish control of the West Indies and he sent a fleet in an expedition) led by William Penn and General Robert Venables. The fleet arrived to the Santo Domingo island on 13 April 1655 but the British lost in two battles on 17 and 25 April and they decided to move to Jamaica.

On 10 May 1655, Penn and Venables led a successful attack on Jamaica. The Spanish surrendered to the English, freed their slaves and then fled to Cuba. It was this set of freed slaves and their descendants living in the Jamaican mountains who became known as the Maroons.

After a long period of direct British colonial rule, Jamaica gained a degree of local political control in the late 1930s, and held its first election under full universal adult suffrage in 1944. Jamaica joined nine other U.K. territories in the West Indies Federation in 1958 but withdrew after Jamaican voters rejected membership in 1961. Jamaica got its independence in 1962, remaining a member of the Commonwealth.

Jamaica is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy, with King Charles III serving as the monarch. However, as Charles III is shared as head of state of fifteen other countries (the Commonwealth realm) in addition to the UK and resides mostly in the United Kingdom, he is thus often represented as King of Jamaica in Jamaica and abroad by the Governor-General of Jamaica. The governor-general is nominated by the Prime Minister of Jamaica and appointed by the monarch. All the members of the Cabinet are appointed by the governor-general on the advice of the prime minister. The monarch and the governor-general serve largely ceremonial roles.

The Parliament of Jamaica is bicameral. This means that it consists of two Houses, the Senate, also called the Upper House, and the House of Representatives, also known as the Lower House. The members of the House (known as Members of Parliament or "MPs") are elected by the people of Jamaica. The leader of the political party with most members in the House of Representatives is appointed by the governor-general to be the prime minister. Senators are nominated jointly by the prime minister and the parliamentary leader of the opposition and are then appointed by the governor-general.

Tarch 2016. Prime Minister Holness acts as head of government of Jamaica.

Jamaica has traditionally had a system of two parties, with power often alternating between the People's National Party and Jamaica Labour Party (JLP). The party with current administrative and legislative power is Jamaica Labour Party, with a two-thirds Parliamentary majority as of 2016.

Jamaica is divided into 14 parishes, which are grouped into three historic counties that have no administrative relevance.

In 2011 (last national census), there were 2,697,983 people living in Jamaica: 1,334,533 men and 1,363,450 women. There were 1,453,438 (53.9%) living in towns and cities. The population density was 245.5 persons/km².

The following table shows the parishes with their populations in the 2011 census.
According to estimates about 70% of Jamaicans are Black and the rest of the 30% are composed of mostly Mixed Race people, but also includes White and Asian Jamaicans.

The official language of Jamaica is English and the population also speaks Jamaican Creole English.

The people of Jamaica is 62.5% Protestant (10.8% Seventh-day Adventist Church, 9.5% Pentecostal, 8.3 Other Church of God, 7.2% Baptist, 6.3% New Testament Church of God, 4.8% Church of God in Jamaica, 4.3% Church of God of Prophecy, 3.6% Anglicans, 7.7% other Christian), 2.6% Catholics, 14.2% other or unspecified, 20.9% none.

Jamaica is between latitudes 17° 42"N and 18° 31"N and longitudes 78° 22"W and 76° 11", that is between the equator and the Tropic of Cancer. It has an area of .

Jamaica is the third-largest island country in the Greater Antilles, after Cuba and the Hispaniola (Haiti and the Dominican Republic); it is larger than Puerto Rico. The island is from east to west; the width, from north to south, varies between to . The country is composed mainly of the mainland, but near the coast there are a few isolated small islands.

The Blue Mountains are the longest mountain range in Jamaica. They include the island's highest point, Blue Mountain Peak, at .

The Rio Minho is the longest river in Jamaica at . It rises close to the island's geographic centre, flows generally south-southwest and reaches the Caribbean Sea at Carlisle Bay in the central south coast, to the west of the island's southernmost point, Portland Point.

The Black River is one of the longest rivers in Jamaica. At a length of , it was believed to be the longest until it was discovered that the Rio Minho was longer. It was originally called Rio Caobana.

The island is known for the Rastafarian movement, as well as reggae artist Bob Marley. The popular sprinter Usain Bolt is also an asset from the country. Usain Bolt won gold in the 100 and 200 races in Rio 2016. England goalkeeper Joe Hart is also born in Jamaica. The captain of AS Roma Lorenzo Pellegrini is also born in Jamaica.

Denver

Denver is the capital and largest city in the U.S. state of Colorado and a county named Denver County. For this reason, Denver is the county seat of Denver County. It is at the foot of the Rocky Mountains on the South Platte River, and was founded in 1858. A nickname for Denver is The Mile High City, because Denver is very high above sea level. It is at least 5,280 feet (or 1,609 meters) above sea level at a point in the city's state capitol building. The dome at the top of the capitol building is covered in gold.

Denver was founded in November 1858 as Denver City during the Pikes Peak Gold Rush as a mining town in western Kansas Territory. That summer, a group of gold prospectors from Lawrence, Kansas, started a settlement on the banks of the South Platte River. They called it Montana City. This was the first settlement in what was later to become the city of Denver. The settlement faded quickly. By the summer of 1859 it was abandoned in favor of Auraria (named after the gold mining town of Auraria, Georgia), and St. Charles City.
The Colorado Territory was created on February 28, 1861, Arapahoe County was formed on November 1, 1861, and Denver City was incorporated on November 7, 1861. Denver City served as the Arapahoe County Seat from 1861 until consolidation in 1902. In 1867, Denver City became the Territorial Capital. With its new-found importance, Denver City shortened its name to just Denver. On August 1, 1876, Colorado was admitted to the Union.

Denver is the home of the Denver Broncos football team, the Denver Nuggets basketball team, the Colorado Rockies baseball team, the Colorado Avalanche hockey team, and the Colorado Rapids soccer team.


Carl Lewis

Frederick Carlton "Carl" Lewis (born July 1, 1961) is an American retired track and field athlete. He has won nine Olympic gold medals and eight World Championships. Lewis became an actor and has appeared in a number of movies.


Pink

Pink is a light reddish color. Pink paint can be made by mixing red, rose or magenta paint and white paint. Pink is an easy color to make with paint by red and white.




Bleach

Bleach is the name for a number of chemical substances which can be used to remove colors, or to make things white. Very often, they act through oxidation. Bleaches on the base of sulfur have been in use for thousands of years. Modern bleaches are usually based on chlorine or on oxygen.

Many bleaches can kill bacteria easily. For this reason, they are often used for disinfecting or sterilisation.

Mixing bleach with some things commonly found at home, like vinegar or even fruit juice can produce chemicals like chlorine that are irritating or even dangerous. Bleach should also not be mixed with ammonia because a hazardous chemical reaction will occur. This effect can kill people.

Certain types of bleaches produce toxic waste. Some of them produce dioxins.

Bleach made from hydrogen peroxide is used to make hair lighter in color, orange, blonde, or even white. It is often used by dark-haired people to make highlights, and most hair dyes contain it.


Polygon

A polygon is a closed two-dimensional shape. It is a plane figure that is made up of a number of sides. These are also called edges or line segments. Each side is connected to another one by a corner, or vertex. Each pair of connected sides makes an angle.

These sides and angles can be different from one another, or they can all be the same. Polygons made of only sides of the same length (equilateral) and angles the same width (equiangular) are called regular polygons.

A square is a polygon because it has four sides. The smallest polygon in Euclidean geometry or "flat geometry" is the triangle, which has three sides and three corners. On a sphere, there can also be a digon and a henagon.

If the edge lines of the polygon do not cross each other, the polygon is called "simple"; otherwise it is "complex".

In computer graphics, polygons (especially triangles) are often used to make graphics.

Kazakhstan

Kazakhstan is a landlocked country in the middle of Eurasia. Its official name is the Republic of Kazakhstan. Kazakhstan is the ninth biggest country in the world, and it is also the biggest landlocked country in the world. Before the end of the Soviet Union, it was called "Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic". The president of the country from 1991 through March 2019 was Nursultan Nazarbayev. Astana is the capital city of Kazakhstan. Almaty was the capital until 1998, when it moved to Astana.

The Kazakh language, which is a Turkic language, is the native language, but Russian has equal official status for all administrative and institutional purposes. Islam is the largest religion- about 70% of the population are Muslims, with Christianity practiced by 26%; Russia leases (rents) the land for the Baikonur Cosmodrome (site of Russian spacecraft launches) from Kazakhstan.

Kazakhstan is a transcontinental country mostly in Asia with a small western part across the Ural River in Europe. It has borders with the Russian Federation in the north and west, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the southwest, and China in the far east. The northern border is mostly with Siberia, Russia, so Russia has the longest border with Kazakhstan. Basically, Kazakhstan runs from the Caspian Sea in the west to the mainly Muslim Chinese autonomous region of Xinjiang.
Kazakhstan has no ocean shoreline, but borders the Caspian Sea, which boats use to get to neighboring countries. The Caspian Sea is an Endorheic basin without connections to any ocean.

Kazakhstan has plenty of petroleum, natural gas, and mining. It attracted over $40 billion in foreign investment since 1993 and accounts for some 57% of the nation's industrial output. According to some estimates, Kazakhstan has the second largest uranium, chromium, lead, and zinc reserves, the third largest manganese reserves, the fifth largest copper reserves, and ranks in the top ten for coal, iron, and gold. It is also an exporter of diamonds. Kazakhstan has the 11th largest proven reserves of both petroleum and natural gas.

Kazakhstan is divided into 17 regions. They are divided into districts.

Almaty and Astana cities have the status of State importance and are not in any region. Baikonur city has a special status because it is leased to Russia for Baikonur cosmodrome until 2050.

Each province is headed by an Akim (provincial governor) appointed by the president. Municipal Akims are appointed by province Akims. The Government of Kazakhstan moved its capital from Almaty to Astana on December 10, 1997.
The population of Kazakhstan is 17,165,000. It takes the 62th place in the List of countries by population. Average density is one of the lowest on earth with almost 6 people/km ( List of countries by population density).


Notes


Sign

A sign is something you see (or hear) which means something. A sign may be natural or man-made.

A natural sign shows something significant. Leaves turn brown and fall off deciduous trees in the autumn. Temperatures drop, daylight hours shorten. It suggests winter is coming. Many birds migrate and some mammals hibernate in response to natural signs like these. Humans, as usual, are a bit different. They make their own signs.

A man-made sign is called a signal or symbol. It is an artificial thing, which people decide means something in their society. For example, the stop sign on the road tells the person that they must stop their car there. So does a red traffic light. They are signals with a legal meaning, and people learn what these meanings are.

Sometimes a person may not know what a sign means. Feeling a cold wind could be a sign that someone left a door or window open.

In medicine, a sign is something seen, whereas a symptom is something felt, like a pain. A sign might be something like high blood pressure, which can be measured. 

A road sign or traffic sign is something that gives information by means of a symbol, or in only 1 or 2 words. It helps people in their vehicles on the road. Some signs include: Give way, Stop, Keep left, No U-turn, no parking, Zebra crossing and much more. Signs are very useful. Without signs and traffic lights there would be many accidents and arguments on the road.

Barley

Barley is a member of the grass family of plants. Its seeds are a cereal grain. It is a staple food of humans and other animals, and it is one of mankind's oldest crops. It can be made into flour or beer.

Its Latin name is "Hordeum vulgare". Barley is an annual plant.

Mount Vesuvius

Mount Vesuvius (, ) is a stratovolcano on the Gulf of Naples, Italy. It is about east of Naples. It is the only volcano on the mainland of Europe that erupted in the last 100 years. The last major eruption was in 1944. Two other important active volcanos in Italy, Etna and Stromboli, are on islands.

Mount Vesuvius is best known for its eruption in A.D. 79 which destroyed the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum. They were never built again. The towns were buried in ash so completely that later people who lived there forgot about them until they were accidentally discovered in the late 18th century.

The eruption also changed the way the Sarno River flowed, and raised the sea beach. Because of this, Pompeii was not on the river nor next to the coast anymore. Mount Vesuvius was also greatly changed. Many of the plants there died, and the top of the mountain looked different because of the strong eruption.

Vesuvius has erupted many times after that. Today, it is one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world. About 3 million people live near this explosive volcano. More people live near Mount Vesuvius than any other volcano in the world.

Vesuvius has a long tradition of history and literature. A serpent (snake) called "Vesuvius" has been used in frescos of many "lararia" (household temples) from Pompeii. In Capua, the words "IOVI VESVVIO" ("Jupiter Vesuvius") show that he was worshipped as a power of Jupiter.

The historian Diodorus Siculus said that there was a story that Hercules once passed through the country of Cumae when he was going to Sicily. There, he found a place called "the Phlegraean Plain" ("phlegraion pedion", "plain of fire"). It said that it was "from a hill which anciently (from a long time ago) vomited out called Vesuvius." Giant "sons of the Earth" lived inside it. With the help of the gods, he helped the people there and went on. An ode by Martial in AD 88 suggests that Venus and Hercules were worshipped in the place that was destroyed by the eruption in AD 79.

The volcano was often called "Vesuvius" in the late Roman Republic and the early Roman Empire. It was also called "Vesaevus, Vesevus, Vesbius", and "Vesvius". Writers in ancient Greek called it "Οὐεσούιον" or "Οὐεσούιος". Many scholars think the word "Vesuvius" was related to the Greek word "οὔ" ("not") and σβέννυμι ("I quench"), so that it would mean "unquenchable". Others think it might come from ἕω "hurl" and βίη "violence", "violence". 

Vesuvius has a large cone ("Gran Cono") which is partly surrounded by the top of a caldera which was made when an earlier and much higher structure called Monte Comma collapsed. The Gran Cono was made during the eruption of AD 79. For this reason, the volcano is also called Somma-Vesuvius or Somma-Vesuvio.

Before Mount Vesuvius exploded in 79 B.C.E people who lived nearby did not even know that it was a volcano, because it had not erupted for 600 years. At about 1 PM, on August 24, AD 79, Mount Vesuvius erupted violently. It showered ash and pumice on the town of Pompeii, which was 5 miles away.

Today, people think the eruption of 79 AD lasted more than 19 hours. It was noticed by Pliny the Younger who described the mushroom cloud from the volcano as being in the shape of umbrella pine, a tree commonly found in the region. Pliny the Younger was the only person to write the story down.

There were many ways that people died. One was that the smoke that they breathed in was deadly because it dried in their lungs and formed glass. They also were buried by powdery ash from the volcano, which was all over them. Over time this ash turned to a sort of rock, protecting the bodies and the city from the weather and from robbers.

Vesuvius erupted 50 more times after the eruption in 79 AD. Vesuvius was named a national park in 1995.




1853

1853 (MDCCCLIII) was a common year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar.




1371

1371 was a common year.


Mineralogy

Mineralogy is the study of minerals. Minerals are things that make rocks. There are many different types of minerals. Some are hard, like diamonds. Some are soft, like talc. Some are metal, like gold or silver. Minerals are put into special groups of minerals made of similar chemicals, or that have similar structures inside. For example, the chemicals that make up some minerals line up in chains, while in other minerals, they make bow-tie shapes. 

Studying minerals can be useful for figuring out certain things about a rock. Sometimes the shape or size of the mineral can tell something about the rock as well. For example, minerals in igneous rocks can help figure out how long the rock took to cool down (turn from lava into a rock). Larger minerals mean the rock cooled slowly (probably underground). Smaller minerals mean the rock cooled down quickly (probably above ground, like from a volcano). The type of mineral in a rock can also tell what kind of a rock it is, or what has happened to the rock since it formed. Many rocks are named based on what kinds of minerals they have.

Mineralogists (people who study minerals) study minerals in rocks with hand lenses (a magnifying glass), and in thin section (thin slices of rock) with microscopes. They record things about the minerals like how big they are, what shape they are, what color they are, and if the mineral changes colors when you turn it. Mineralogists also record what color minerals turn in a special light. These details can help mineralogists figure out what minerals they are looking at. 

Minerals can be used in a lot of different things, like mining, jewelry, farming, pottery, making metals, and more . Mineralogists can help find important minerals in the Earth using what they know and learn.


Supermarket

A supermarket, grocery store (or just grocery) is a retail store that sells food. Most grocery stores sell fresh fruit, vegetables, seafood, meat, and other prepared foods.

The person who controls a grocery store is called a grocer. A grocer will order food from farmers or other people who send out farmers food to other grocery stores and restaurants.

There are a range of different types and sizes of grocery stores. Some grocery stores are small community stores with a limited range of items. Other grocery stores are large, with a wide selection of food items. 
They may also sell household cleaning and laundry supplies, and hygiene items (soap, toothpaste, etc.). They may also contain a pharmacy (known as a drug store or chemist in some places).

Items at a grocery store can be sold in one of two ways. Most fruits, vegetables, meat, and seafood are usually sold by weight (for example, apples cost 99 cents per pound), while other items are usually sold by quantity (for example, table salt costs $1.59 for each box). Not all items are the same price at each grocery store. Also, every week, some items at grocery stores cost less that what it normally would cost (we say that these items are "on sale"), so people would want to go buy them since they don't have to pay as much as they would normally have to get that item. Many grocery stores print a flyer that shows which items are on sale that week. These flyers are then sent to other people in the mail, who would read the flyer and go to the store to buy the items shown in it.
Supermarkets are large grocery stores that sell a large variety of fresh and packaged food and other consumer or household products. Supermarkets are divided into sections, such as bakery, dairy, produce (fruits and vegetables), frozen, meat, and deli, along with a "general grocery" section where one can find packaged goods, cleaning supplies, and personal hygiene items. Many supermarkets today now also sell hot, prepared food that is ready to eat, or contains a food court with different fast food shops. The term "supermarket" usually refers to a larger store than the term "grocery store."

A hypermarket is a very large supermarket that is part of a larger general merchandise store such as Walmart, which also sells clothes, electronics, household hardware, and other items. It can be said to be a hybrid (or combination) of a grocery store and a department store. These stores are mainly found in suburbs where there is a lot of room to build and near where people live.

Until the 20th century, grocery stores were small. The owner, called a shopkeeper, would ask the customer what he or she would like to buy. The shopkeeper would then get the items, bring it to the customer, and put them in bags which the customer would take with them. He would then calculate how much the customer has to pay, and take the money from the customer. The customer then took the bags of items out of the store by him/herself.

Today, most groceries stores are too big for one person to take care of. Because of this, customers must find the items they wants by themselves. Most often, the customer takes a shopping basket or shopping cart and put the items into the basket or cart. For some items, like meat and seafood, the customer still has to have an employee get or prepare the item. When customers have finished selecting, they bring the items to the "checkout", where a person called a cashier scans the customer's items into a cash register (or a computer as part of a point of sale system) and then takes the customer's payment. Supermarkets typically accept payment by cash, debit cards, and/or credit cards. In the 21st century, there are so-called self-checkout systems where customers scan the items themselves.

Many large supermarkets also have a loyalty program, where a customer can earn points by purchasing products. When a customer has enough points, a discount or reward is given. These programs are meant to make customers come back to the same store again and again.

Ecuador

Ecuador is a small country in South America. It used to be part of the Spanish Empire and Gran Colombia. Spain was interested in finding gold in Ecuador. Before Spain, Ecuador was part of the Inca Empire.

The President of Ecuador is Guillermo Lasso since 2021.

Ecuador produces bananas and cocoa.

Ecuador is along the equator. There are jungles and mountains such as the Andes mountains. Ecuador has many active volcanoes and also one of the highest densities of volcanoes in the world. Ecuador's coast is on the Pacific Ocean.

The capital of the country is Quito. This city is high up in the Andes, which makes it hard for some new visitors to breathe. The biggest city is Guayaquil on the coast. Cuenca and Loja is famous for its old buildings and colonial architecture.

Peru borders Ecuador to the south, and Colombia borders it to the north. The Galápagos Islands in the Pacific Ocean are also part of Ecuador and are famous for lots of animals. Charles Darwin travelled to the Galápagos Islands.

In 2011, 14,440,000 people lived in Ecuador. These people are 65% Mestizo, 25% Amerindian, 7% white, and 3% black. About 27% of the people live below the national poverty line.

The official language is Spanish. Many other indigenous languages are spoken. Most of the people in Ecuador are Roman Catholics, although Ecuador has religious freedom and people can follow any religion they choose.

Ecuador is divided into 24 provinces. Each has its own administrative capital.

The provinces are divided into cantons. The cantons are divided into parishes.

The Historic Center of Quito, Ecuador is one of the largest, least-altered and best-preserved historic centers in the Americas. This center was, together with the historic centre of Kraków in Poland, the first to be declared World Heritage Site by UNESCO on 18 September 1978. The Historic Centre of Quito is in the center south of the capital on an area of 320 hectares (790 acres), and is considered one of the most important historic areas in Latin America.There are about 130 monumental buildings (which hosts a variety of pictorial art and sculpture, mostly of religious inspired in a multi-faceted range of schools and styles) and 5,000 properties registered in the municipal inventory of heritage properties.

Carondelet Palace (Spanish: Palacio de Carondelet) is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador in the historical center of Quito. Axis is the nerve of the public space known as Independence Square or Plaza Grande (colonial name), around which were built in addition the Archbishop's Palace, the Municipal Palace, the Hotel Plaza Grande and the Metropolitan Cathedral. The history of this emblematic building dating back to colonial times, around 1570, with the acquisition of the former royal houses in the city of Quito

During the Republican era, almost all the presidents (constitutional, internees and dictators) have dispatched from this building, which is the seat of Government of the Republic of Ecuador. In addition to the administrative units in the third level of the Palace is the presidential residence, a luxurious colonial-style apartment in which they live the President and his family. Rafael Correa, president since 2007, considering that Carondelet Palace and its agencies are Ecuadoran heritages, converted the presidential compound into a museum accessible to all who wish to visit it. To this end, areas were organized to locate objects within their cultural contexts to make them accessible to the world. Several rooms and spaces within the palace are used for this purpose.

Construction began in 1605, with Mastrilli laying the first stone. The building was not completed until 1765. La Compañía is among the best-known churches in Quito because of its large central nave, which is profusely decorated with gold leaf, gilded plaster and wood carvings. Inspired by two Roman Jesuit churches—the Chiesa del Gesù and the Chiesa di Sant'Ignazio di Loyola—La Compañía is one of the most significant works of Spanish Baroque architecture in South America.

Also known as Big Square (Spanish: Plaza de la Independencia, Plaza Grande). Historic public square of Quito (Ecuador), in the heart of the old city. This is the central square of the city and one of the symbols of the executive power of the nation. Its main feature is the monument to the independence heroes of August 10, 1809, date remembered as the First Cry of Independence of the Royal Audience of Quito from Spanish monarchy. The environment of the square is flanked by the Carondelet Palace, the Metropolitan Cathedral, the Archbishop's Palace, the Municipal Palace and the Plaza Grande Hotel.

The "Iglesia y Monasterio de San Francisco" (English: Church and Monastery of St. Francis), colloquially known as El San Francisco, is a colonial-styled church and monastery in Quito, Ecuador. Construction of the building began a few weeks after the founding of the city in 1534 and ended in 1604. The founder of the church was Franciscan missionary Jodoco Ricke.

The building's construction began around 1550, sixteen years after Quito was founded by Spanish conquistadors, and was finished in approximately 1680. The building was officially inaugurated in 1605. It is not known who designed the original plans for the complex, though the most-accepted theory is that they were sent from Spain, based on the topographical study of Ricke and Gosseal. It is also possible that architects came from Spain for the construction of the monastery, or that Ricke and Gosseal managed the entire construction.

In colonial times, the Church of El Sagrario was one of the largest architectural marvels of Quito. The construction is of the Italian Renaissance style and was built in the late 17th century. It has a screen that supports its sculptures and decorations. This structure was built by Bernardo de Legarda. Its central arch leads to a dome decorated with frescoes of biblical scenes featuring archangels, work by Francisco Albán. The altarpiece was gilded by Legarda. It is on Calle García Moreno, near the cathedral.

Although they arrived in Quito in 1541, in 1580 the Dominicans started to build their temple, using the plans and direction of Francisco Becerra. The work was completed in the first half of the 17th century. Inside the church are valuable structures, such as the neo-Gothic main altar. This was placed in the late 19th century by Italian Dominicans. The roof of the Mudéjar style church features paintings of martyrs of the Order of Saint Dominic. The roof of the nave is composed of a pair and knuckle frame, coated inside by pieces of tracery. In the museum on the north side of the lower cloister are wonderful pieces of great Quito sculptors such as the Saint Dominic de Guzmán by Father Carlos, the Saint John of God by Caspicara, and the Saint Thomas Aquinas by Legarda. Another Baroque piece that stands is the Chapel of Nuestra Señora del Rosario, which is a recognizable feature of the architecture of Quito. This chapel was built beside the church, in the gospel side. In this was founded the largest fraternity in the city of Quito.

El Panecillo is a hill in the middle west of the city at an altitude of about 3,016 metres (9,895 ft) above sea level. A monument to the Virgin Mary is on top of El Panecillo and is visible from most of the city of Quito. In 1976, the Spanish artist Agustín de la Herrán Matorras was commissioned by the religious order of the Oblates to build a 41 metres (135 ft)–tall aluminum monument of a madonna, which was assembled on a high pedestal on the top of Panecillo.

The Quito School originated in the school of Artes y Oficios, founded in 1552 by the Franciscan priest Jodoco Ricke, who together with Friar Pedro Gocial transformed the San Andrés seminary, where the first indigenous artists were trained. As a cultural expression, it is the result of a long process of acculturation between indigenous peoples and Europeans, and it is one of the richest expressions of miscegenation ("mestizaje") and of syncretism, in which the participation of the vanquished Indian is seemingly of minor importance as compared to the dominant European contribution.

The Quito School ("Escuela Quiteña") is an artistic tradition that developed in the territory of the Royal Audience of Quito, from Pasto and Popayán in the north to Piura and Cajamarca in the south, during the colonial period (1542-1824). This artistic production was one of the most important activities in the economy of the Royal Audience of Quito.

The major artists of the Quito School are the sculptors Bernardo de Legarda , Manuel Chili (Caspicara) and Miguel Angel Tejada Zambrado and the painters Fray Pedro Gosseal, Fray Pedro Bedón, Nicolás Javier Goríbar, Hernando de la Cruz, Miguel de Santiago, Manuel de Samaniego

The Basilica of the National Vow is a Roman Catholic church in the historic center of Quito, Ecuador. It is sometimes also called the Catedral Consagración de Jesús or the Basílica de San Juan. It is the largest neo-Gothic basilica in the Americas.

The basilica arose from the idea, proposed by father Julio Matovelle in 1883, of building a monument as a perpetual reminder of the consecration of Ecuador to the Sacred Heart, President Luis Cordero issued the decree on July 23, 1883, and it was carried out by president José María Plácido Caamaño on March 5, 1884. The congress, in accordance with the year's budget, designated 12,000 pesos for the construction - 1,000 pesos per month, beginning in 1884. By the decree of July 3, 1885, the fourth Quitense Provincial Council turned the construction of the basilica into a religious commitment in the name of the country. The basilica remains technically "unfinished." & local legend says that when the Basílica is completed, the end of the world will come.

Construction began in 1562, seventeen years after the diocese of Quito was created (1545) and in the heart of the historic city and its status as the main church of the city, is one of the largest religious symbols of spiritual value for the Catholic community in the city.

It is one of the seven monumental churches of the 16th and 17th centuries whose main portico was built on stone in the Spanish Baroque-architecture style.

The church includes a small atrium (decorated by a large stone cross), an inside yard with a large garden and a large session hall where the frayers held dissertations or "capitulations" of faith.
The cloister and convent have a separate entrance which leads to the garden. The bell tower reaches a high of twenty-two meters (seventy feet) and houses two bronze bells of the period.

Ecuador is a country of variety. Its climate and landscape varies from one end of the country to the other. However, it is more hot and humid along the coast and in the Amazon jungle lowlands than it is in the mountains.

Ecuador is one of 17 megadiverse countries in the world. In addition to the mainland, Ecuador owns the Galápagos Islands. This is what the country is best known for.

Ecuador has 1,600 bird species and 38 more endemic in the Galápagos. In addition to over 16,000 species of plants, the country has 106 endemic reptiles, 138 endemic amphibians, and 6,000 species of butterfly. The Galápagos Islands are famous as the place of birth of Darwin's Theory of Evolution. They are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Many different kinds of potatoes and corn are grown in Ecuador. There are also large banana farms. On the coast, many people eat seafood and fish. Cuy is a famous indigenous food that means guinea pig.

Besides gold, oil is one of Ecuador's natural resources.

Ecuador used to have its own currency called the sucre, which was in use from 1884 until 2000. Since then, the country uses the United States dollar for money, but its coins (not the banknotes) are different from those in the US.


1515

Year 1515 (MDXV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


1495

Year 1495 (MCDXCV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


Orlando, Florida

Orlando is a city in the center of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat of Orange County. It contains 307,573 people as of 2020. It is number four among cities in Florida by number of people. The current mayor, or leader, of Orlando is Buddy Dyer.

Orlando was created in 1836 when someone found a tree where the name "Orlando Reeves" was carved. Thinking it was a place of burial, they named the site "Orlando's grave". It was cut to Orlando later.

Before the American Civil War, Orlando was a center of trade in cattle. After the war, many people came to the town. Orlando became a city in 1875. Before 1900, Orlando was a center of orange farming. After 1900, it became a popular place for visitors.

Orlando was an important base for the military during World War II, as home of Pinecastle Army Air Field. Lockheed Martin (once Martin Marietta) opened a manufacturing site in Orlando in 1956.

In 1965, Walt Disney said that he would build a large amusement park southwest of the city. That place, Walt Disney World Resort, opened 

In 1971, after Walt Disney World opened, Orlando is now very popular as a tourism city, attracting millions of visitors each year from every place in the world.

Three hurricanes moved over Orlando in 2004, causing billions of U.S. dollars of damage.

Orlando has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are hot and wet; winters are warm with moderate rainfall.

A major road in Orlando is Interstate 4. Another major road is State Road 408. They meet downtown. Florida's Turnpike also meets Interstate 4 southwest of the city.

Orlando International Airport is one of the biggest airports in the United States.

Amtrak trains and Greyhound buses also go to Orlando.

The Orlando Magic are an NBA basketball team in Orlando. They play at TD Waterhouse Centre.

The Orlando Predators are an football team with the Arena Football League in Orlando. They play at the TD Waterhouse Centre.


Orlando (disambiguation)

The word Orlando has several meanings<nowiki>:</nowiki>

There are several places that have the name<nowiki>:</nowiki>

There are several artistic works that use the name<nowiki>:</nowiki>

The following people use "Orlando" as their surname, or family name<nowiki>:</nowiki>

The following people use "Orlando" as their given name<nowiki>:</nowiki>

Glossary

A glossary is a list of words and what they mean.  They are usually found at the end of a book or report that uses hard words to read or special words.  Websites about complicated subjects also sometimes have glossaries.

For example, in a book about philosophy that has the word "epistemology", there might be a glossary at the end of the book with the definition of this word.

1373

1373 (MCCCLXXIII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



Comedian

A comedian is a person who tells jokes, or acts in comedies. Some people use the French loanword "comedienne" to refer to female comedians. A comedian can also be called a comic or a comic actor.

Turin

Turin ( , ; ; , then "Taurinum") is a major industrial city on the west bank of the Po river in Piedmont, northwest Italy. Over a 900,000 people live in it. Turin is the fourth largest city in Italy, after Rome, Milan and Naples. Turin is the capital of Piedmont. Fiat's first car factory was in Turin. The city was the host of the 2006 Winter Olympics. In Turin there are two major rivers the Po and the Dora, and two minor rivers the Stura and the Sangone.

Turin was the first capital of Italy in 1861. It had previously been the capital of the Kingdom of Sardinia and before that it was the capital of the Duchy of Savoy. Filippo Juvarra designed many churches and palaces in the city. 

Hobart

Hobart (Palawa Kani: "Nipaluna") is a city in Australia. It is the capital city of the state of Tasmania, and it has about 200,000 people. It is on the western shore of the Derwent River, although some of its suburbs are on the eastern shore. In the western suburbs of Hobart is Kunyani/Mount Wellington.

Hobart was founded in 1803 as a penal colony. Today it is a busy seaport, and is the home port of Antarctic expeditions. Tourist attractions include Salamanca Markets, the Cadbury chocolate factory and the Cascade Brewery.

Hobart has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

New Testament

The New Testament is part of the Christian Bible, and the most important religious writing of Christianity. It tells the story of Jesus Christ, his followers, and the beginnings of Christianity. It was written in Koine Greek.

The New Testament is made up of different parts. In total, there are 27 texts in the New Testament. The Eastern Orthodox Church, the Roman Catholic Church and the Protestant Churches have the same texts, but their arrangement varies; the Syriac Churches and the Ethiopian Churches have different versions. The Syriac Churches do not put Peter 2, John 2 and 3, Jude and the Revelations in the New Testament. The Ethiopian Churches do not have a common canon.

Four of the Books of the New Testament are the Gospels. Most of the others are Epistles.

Each of the Gospels tells the story of Jesus Christ, or the young Messiah, who Christians believe is the "Son of God who is born to save the world from sin". Each of the Gospels tell this same story, with a little more or less detail from the other. The other books tell about the history of the church and explain the Christian faith through letters written to persons and groups that have believed in Jesus 

The traditional author is listed after each entry.


Pauline epistles, the 13 or 14 letters believed to be written by Saint Paul the Apostle. They are named for the person or group to which they were sent. 

General epistles are other letters which are named for the person traditionally believed to have written them. 




Gospel

Gospel originally meant the Christian message ("the gospel"), but in the 2nd century it came to be used also for the books in which the message was set out.

The word gospel came from the Old English word "gōdspel", which literally means "good news", since it narrates Jesus Christ's life and teaching to invite anyone to believe that he was born to save the world from sin and make humans truly know God as a Father. It includes the Death and Resurrection of Jesus.

The Gospel was originally spoken, not written. Eventually gospel came to mean an ancient book about Jesus, especially one of the four books collected by the Church in the Bible. 

These books are the first part of the New Testament of the Bible, and are put in a group of this order: the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke and the Gospel of John.

"Injil" (Arabic: إنجيل) is the Arabic name for the Gospel of Jesus (Isa). The Injil is mentioned many times in the Qur'an. In Islam, Jesus is believed to be the second-to-last prophet and messenger of God (Allah) and the Messiah. Muslims believe that God revealed the Injil to Jesus, while also declaring the truth of the previous revelations: the Tawrat (the Torah) and the Zabur (the Psalms).


Palestine (region)

Palestine is a region in the Middle East. It is in the Levant, between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea. Many cultures have lived in Palestine through history and built their civilizations, such as the Philistines, Phoenicians and Arabs. It is also called the Holy Land. It is where Judaism and Christianity began.

Today, the region is divided into two states: Israel and the State of Palestine. The territories in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip have been disputed between Israel and Palestine. Many cities in the region are sacred to Abrahamic religions: Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Nazareth and Hebron are among the most important. Now Palestine only owns a quarter of the country.

In English it is sometimes written as Philistine. The Philistines were a people who invaded the area. The Arabs came to Palestine much later.

The State of Palestine, also known simply as Palestine, is a "de jure" sovereign state in the Middle East with Jerusalem as its proclaimed capital. It is recognized by 139 UN members. Since 2012 it has non-member observer state in the United Nations. This amounts to a "de facto", or implicit, recognition of statehood.

The State of Palestine claims the West Bank and the Gaza Strip as its territory. Its independence was declared on 15 November 1988.

The first people to migrate to the land of Palestine were Canaanites, who came from north of Arabia and normally spoke Arabic. They have also adopted the idea of alphabets from those who lived in the current Lebanon. This migration occurred ca. 5000 b.c. After 3000 years came Israelites who are the sons of Jackob, son of Abraham. Israelites ruled over the region of today's Palestine, which at the time was in an area known as Southern Canaan or the Land of Palestine. The area went from Tyre in the north to Beersheba in the south. After the death of King Solomon, the land was split into a Northern Kingdom known as Samaria and Southern Kingdom known as Judea. The Northern Kingdom was conquered by Assyrian King Sennacherib, expelling most of its Israelite residents. Ava was conquered by the Babylonians more than 100 years later, and much of its Jewish population was expelled as well. However, despite the destruction, some Jews and Samaritans remained in the land. After Persian takeover of the Babylonian Empire, Jake returned to Judea and slowly rebuilt their civilization. The area remained under direct Persian rule for 200 years more, with Jews having a limited autonomy. Now most Palestinians are refugees in different countries like Chile, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria.

With conquests of Alexander the Great of Macedon, the area became dominated by Hellenistic rulers - first Alexander himself, later Ptolemaic rulers of Egypt and finally Seleucids. In second century before common era, the Jewish population of the area revolted against Seleucids and founded an independent Hesmonean kingdom. The Jewish kingdom expanded over the region in the next decades, conquering neighbouring Samaritans, Edomeans and Nabateans. Slowly however, the region became dominated by the Roman Empire.

After a semi-independent rule of King Herod, Judea was turned into a Roman Province. Jews violently revolted against the Romans twice, but the Romans reconquered the whole area and finally renamed it Syria-Palaestina after one of Judea's ancient enemies, the Philistines. After two centuries, the Eastern Roman Empire became known as Byzantium, which became a Christian Empire. Byzantium kept its rule over the country, with Palaestina Prima and Palaestina Secunda districts of the Oriens Province with majorly Byzantine Christian population and big groups of Samaritans, Jews, Greek Byzantines and Christian Arabs.

Over the next centuries, the region was briefly conquered by Persians, became part of Arab Muslim Empire, the Crusader kingdom, the Mamluk Sultanate and the Ottoman Empire. During World War 1, General Allenby attacked the Turkish army in the valley of Megiddo ( Identified as Armageddon in the Bible), from 19 to 25 September 1918. Today Jordan comprises 81% and Israel 19% of Palestine Mandate. Trans-Jordan was established on 25 May 1946, with the intention of Israel being the remaining 19% . Mandate Palestine is divided into Trans- Jordan/Jordan (81%) and Israel (19%), as today the Jordanian capture of East Jerusalem and West Bank has been reversed. The Gaza strip was captured by Israel from Egypt in 1967, and Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005.The region is often named Holy Land, and is sacred for Christians, Jews and Muslims who recognize the Ten Commandments.

Paul the Apostle

Paul the Apostle, (born as Saul of Tarsus) and also often called Saint Paul (2BC–64/65), was a Messianic Jewish-Roman writer and rabbi. He was a convert to Christianity. It is believed that he wrote thirteen books of the Bible, together called the Pauline epistles. They are letters to churches and Christians. He wrote these letters to encourage them, to help them understand Christian teaching, and to help them to live Christian lives.

Paul's name was originally Saul (not to be confused with King Saul from the books of Samuel in the Old Testament). He grew up learning both the Jewish law and the Greek ways of discussing things. We are first introduced to Saul in the Bible near the end of Acts 7. The Christian movement had begun with the resurrection and ascension of Jesus. Saul was strongly against this, and he was happy as he watched Saint Stephen, the first martyr of Jesus, being killed by stoning after giving a speech that made the Jewish court angry. He worked for the Roman Government and helped lead the arrests and killing of many Christians in Israel and the nearby area.

Later on, Saul was told to go to Damascus to find and bring back Christians there to be punished. On the way, God came down from heaven and spoke to Saul. The Bible tells of what happened like this:

When Saul reached Damascus, he was taken to Ananias, one of Jesus's disciples, where he got his sight back and was baptized as a Christian. He spent the next three years studying the Jewish scriptures again to find explanations for the Christian teachings. His experiences changed his view on Christianity completely. In Acts 13:9, he begins to be called Paul. This was the Hellenized version of the name Saul. He used his earlier education to explain his new faith to other people and to discuss things with people who had other beliefs.

He travelled around the Roman Empire, teaching others about Christianity, and wrote letters back and forth with the churches he helped to begin. The letters contain many important parts of Christian teaching and have since been part of the New Testament of the Bible, coming between the Acts of the Apostles and the General Epistles. It is not known whether Paul actually wrote all of these letters, or whether other people could have written the letters for him. Parts of these letters are read at Mass as the second of two readings that come before the Gospel.

Although the Bible does not say how Paul died, various writers said Paul was put to death by orders of the emperor Nero in Rome, in 64/65 AD. He had the rights of Roman citizenship, which meant that he could be put to death by decapitation with a sword, rather than by crucifixion. Some stories say he was decapitated.



Old Testament

In Christianity, the Old Testament is the name of the first part of the Bible which was completed before Jesus Christ was born. Scholars prefer the term Hebrew Bible.

Tertullian was probably the first person to call these books the "Old Testament." He used the Latin name "vetus testamentum" in the 2nd century.

The collection contains different texts, called "books", about God, and the people of Israel. It can be divided into several sections: the Torah, the History of Israel, the Prophets and Wisdom books. In Judaism, this collection of books is known as Tanakh because it is divided into three parts (Torah, Nevi'im and Ketuvim). Most Jews and many Christians believe these texts to be holy. According to them, God inspired people to write them.

Different religious communities include (or leave out) certain books from the Old Testament. The Catholic Church uses Saint Jerome's Latin translation of the Old Testament called Vulgate. The Eastern Orthodox church uses the ancient Greek translation of Jewish sacred writings called the Septuagint. The Eastern Orthodox list of sacred books has a few more books than the Roman Catholic list. Protestant Bibles stick more closely to the books in the Tanakh but list them in a different order.

In the Old Testament, Almighty God is the one who created the world. The God of the Old Testament is not always presented as the only God who exists, even though there may be other gods, the God of the Old Testament is always shown as the only God whom Israel is to worship. The God of the Old Testament is the one "true God"; only Yahweh is Almighty. Both Jews and Christians have always interpreted the Bible (both the "Old" and "New" Testaments) as an affirmation of the oneness of Almighty God.

The Old Testament stresses the special relationship between God and his chosen people, Israel, but includes instructions for proselytes as well. This relationship is expressed in the biblical covenant (contract) between the two, received by Moses. The law codes in books such as Exodus and especially Deuteronomy are the terms of the contract: Israel swears faithfulness to God, and God swears to be Israel's special protector and supporter. "The Jewish Study Bible" denies that covenant means contract.

Other themes in the Old Testament include salvation, redemption, divine judgment, obedience and disobedience, faith and faithfulness. Throughout there is a strong emphasis on ethics and ritual purity. God demands both.

According to the Old Testament, it is important to be fair and to help those who are vulnerable. Those in power should not be biased when they judge people. The Old Testament forbids corruption, deceiving people when trading. It is also against some sexual practices, which are seen as sinful. All morality is traced back to God, who is the source of all goodness.

The problem of evil plays a large part in the Old Testament. The problem the Old Testament authors faced was that a good God must have had just reason for bringing disaster (meaning notably, but not only, the Babylonian exile) upon his people. The theme is played out, with many variations, in books as different as the histories of Kings and Chronicles, the prophets like Ezekiel and Jeremiah, and in the wisdom books like Job and Ecclesiastes.


Painting

Painting is using colors to make visual art. It is also the word for a painted work of art. Many kinds of paints are used to create art. They include watercolors, acrylics and oils. Other artists like working with pencil or chalk. Sometimes charcoal can be used. 

Famous paintings are often kept in art galleries, like the National Gallery in London and the Louvre (Paris) where one of the most famous paintings in the world hangs, the "Mona Lisa", painted by Leonardo da Vinci. People do not have to go to a famous gallery to view art. There are private art galleries in many cities around the world.

There is a basic difference between drawing and painting. In drawing, a single layer is the entire image. In painting, one layer is painted over another to get the final image. As a result, most of the time the image will not be clear until it gets to the final stage.

There are four basic stages in painting: preparation, divide, layer, and touch up.

Horse

Horses are a group of animals of the family "Equidae". They are herbivores, which means they eat grass and other plants. Some plants are dangerous for them, like ragwort, lemongrass (oil grass) and sometimes acorns.

The standard horse is the species Equus caballus. It was domesticated from wild horses by humans at least 5000 years ago. They are large, strong animals and some breeds are used to pull heavy loads. Racehorses can gallop up to 30 miles an hour.

A male horse is a "stallion", and a female horse is a "mare", while the general term for a young horse is "a foal". A young female horse is a "filly", and a young male horse is a "colt". A castrated horse is a "gelding". Horses have "hooves" which need protection by horseshoes from hard or rough ground.

A horse is related to the rhino and tapir in the order Perissodactyla.

The evolution of horses has been well studied. Fifty million years ago, there were no horses as we know them now. Of the earliest fossil horse, the North American one is called "Eohippus", and the Eurasian one is called "Hyracotherium". Both were small animals: "Eohippus" was the larger of the two at twice the size of a terrier dog.

Many changes occurred between those little animals and today's horses. These changes are best explained as adaptations. To its changing ecological niche, from a small forest-dweller eating nuts and fruit to a more significant forest browser eating leaves and small branches. Finally, the modern horse is a grazer on open grassland, with different teeth, legs for running, and a much larger size. Significant changes happened in the mid-Miocene when the climate cooled and grassland replaced forests. This change continued, and several groups of mammals changed from browsers to grazers.

Horses have been domesticated for at least 5000 years. Humans have used them in many different ways for travel, work, food, pleasure and show. Cavalry horses were used in war until the mid-20th century. They are used for riding and transport. They are also used for carrying things, pulling carts, or helping plough farmers' fields in agriculture. People have used selective breeding to make more giant horses do heavy work.

Some people keep horses as pets. Today, horses are mainly used for entertainment and sports. They are also still used for work and transportation in some places. Horses are used in equestrianism, and equine sports such as cross-country, show jumping, and other events. Show jumping, cross-country, and dressage are Olympic sports. "Equus" is the old Latin word for horse.

Horsehide is a rugged leather made from the skin of horses. Horsehair is used to create a stiff fabric. Horsehair can also be used as a stuffing for furniture. Horsehair can be mixed with plaster to make it strong. People can use horse bones to make gelatin for food. People can also use the bones to make glue. Animal glue is still preferred by some woodworkers.

Horses are used all over the world to carry people and pull carts. Big cities use them to help police watch and protect people in crowds.

A mare is a female horse. Other female equines are also sometimes called mares. Before the mare's third birthday, the mare is called a filly. When a mare wants to mate, the mare is called "in heat". This part of the oestrous cycle lasts about three weeks. Mares are more prone to being temperamental. Some people would call this being "mare-ish."

These are some well-known horse breeds among the hundreds that exist:

Afterlife

The afterlife is what some people believe happens after death. Different religions teach different things about the afterlife.

Some religions believe in reincarnation (to come back to life as a different person or even animal). These religions include Buddhism and Hinduism. Hinduism specifically believes that at death the soul leaves the physical body but does not die. It lives in an astral body in an astral plane. Here the soul continues until it is born again in another physical body as a baby. Salvation (called Moksha) in these religions is a release from this endless cycle of re-births.

Most people in the world believe you go to another place after you die, such as heaven or hell. Christianity, Judaism, Islam and Jainism are religions that believe in this. For example, those that follow Christianity believe that if you accept the Christ (Jesus of Nazareth, the son of the Virgin Mary) as your saviour, you will spend eternity in heaven after death; if you do not accept him, you will be separated from him after death.

Many other religions believe in an afterlife of some kind. Ancient Egyptians believed in an `afterlife`. They put things into the graves of important people. These were to be used in the next life. The Vikings had some similar beliefs. Others (like African animists) believe that some people change into spirits called ghosts.

There are also those who do not believe that there is an afterlife, and that you simply cease to exist once you die. Atheists believe there is no God and no afterlife. The Sadducees were a sect of Judaism in the time of Jesus. They believed there was no spirit in man. So, after death there was no more life. .

There are several reports around the world of visions of a supposed afterlife in near death experiences, which, although varying in accounts, typically contain drawing closer to a light, or seeing one's dead relatives. Some people who experience clinical death, but are revived afterwards, report still being able to think and see things even after their vitals flatlined. Several people who have claimed to have visited the afterlife have often claimed to have had new information revaled to them, and are sometimes able to describe events that occurred during their clinical death or provide knowledge of past/future events.


Prayer

Prayer is a worship and communication to God. Prayer can be spoken, silent (no talking), or in a song. It can be used to praise God or to ask for something including help and forgiveness. 

Prayer can take a variety of forms: it can be part of a set ritual or an individual invocation and can take the form of a hymn, a ritual statement, or a spontaneous expression. It can be done alone or in groups. 

In Christianity, prayers are varied. They can be completely spontaneous, or read entirely from a text, like the Anglican Book of Common Prayer. The most common prayer among Christians is the Lord's Prayer, which according to the gospel accounts is how Jesus taught his disciples to pray.

In Islam, salat is observed three or (most commonly) five times every day at prescribed times.

Hinduism has prayer to various divinities or holy beings.

 () is a prayer or request made by Muslims in which they ask for help from their God. Muslims see dua as a very serious way of worship.

Dua has been done by Muslims for a long time, as it is seen as very important by a lot of Muslims and Muslim families. They have been carried on as traditions.

Book of Genesis

Genesis (Greek: ἡ γένεσις "origin, birth") is the first book of the Hebrew Bible. It means creation. It begins with the creation of the Universe. It ends with the death of Joseph. The Hebrew name for the book is transliterated Bre'shiyth, which means "in the beginning".

God created the universe and everything in it in six days. God rested on the seventh day (Sabbath) and declared it a holy day of rest. God gave the Garden of Eden to the first man, Adam, and the first woman, Eve. There was only one thing that they were not allowed to do. God told them not to eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. A snake tricked Eve, and she ate the fruit from the tree of knowledge. She then gave Adam some of the fruit, and he ate as well. Because they did not obey him, God made them leave the garden, so all people had to work for their food.

Adam and Eve's first two children were sons, Cain and Abel. Abel was a shepherd and Cain was a farmer. Cain killed his brother Abel out of jealousy, making him the first person to commit murder. (Genesis 4:1–16)

Later, when the world was full of people who were evil, God chose to kill them and save only the animals and the most morally righteous person alive. He told a man, named Noah, to build a huge boat and gather two of every bird, mammal and reptile onto it. He was instructed to take seven animals from every clean species and two animals from every species that wasn’t clean. Noah built and filled the boat as he was told, and a flood covered the whole world. After 40 days and nights, the rains stopped. When the water levels started to get lowr, the boat landed on the mountains of Ararat. God promised never to send another such flood, and he used the rainbow as a sign of that promise.

The people of the world attempted to build a high tower (Tower of Babel) to show the power of mankind and to reach God. God felt insulted and gave people different languages to prevent the tower from ever being finished.

God chose Abram to be "the father of many nations." Abram changed his name to Abraham, and God promised him the land of Canaan (Israel) forever. As a sign of this promise, the sons of Abraham are circumcised. God tested Abraham's loyalty by asking him to kill his son Isaac. Abraham was ready to do it, but God sent an angel to stop him. God told him there would be no more human sacrifice.

God destroyed the evil cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, saving only Abraham's nephew Lot and his daughters.

Isaac and his wife Rebecca had two twin sons, Esau and Jacob. Jacob traded food to Esau for Esau's right to carry the family name. Rebekah helped trick Isaac, who was old and blind, into giving his final blessing to Jacob by dressing him in fur (Isaac felt Jacob's furs and thought he was his hairy twin, Esau). Esau later got a blessing of his own.
Jacob left to find a wife. He found Rachel and worked for her father, Lavan, for seven years to marry her, but was tricked into marrying her sister Leah. He worked for another seven years to marry Rachel. He went back to his home, then moved to Bethel, where God told him to change his name to Israel. Jacob later also marries the servants of Leah and Rachel, whose names are Bilah and Zilpah.

Jacob had twelve sons named Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issaschar, Zebulun, Gad, Dan, Asher, Naftali, Joseph, and Benjamin. His wife Rachel died after she gave birth to Benjamin.

Jacob gave his son Joseph a coat of many colors. Joseph's brothers were jealous, so they sold him into slavery in Egypt. They covered his coat in blood and told their father he had died. Joseph became a great leader in Egypt by predicting a long famine by explaining the pharaoh's dreams. During the famine, his brothers came to Egypt to buy food. They did not know that Joseph was the leader. Joseph first tricked the brothers, but then gave them food and let them stay in Goshen in Egypt.

Jacob blessed his sons and then died.



Joseph (Hebrew Bible)

In the Bible, Joseph was a son of Jacob. Joseph's brothers hated him, because he was their father's favorite son, and his father gave him a coat with many colours. Joseph had dreams about his brothers bowing to him. One day they decided to kill him but changed their minds. According to Genesis they sold him as a slave. In Islamic tradition they threw him in a large well that had only a little salt water but when he drank it, by the will of God, it was very sweet. A passing caravan found him and took him as a slave to Egypt.

Joseph became the slave of the chief of the Pharaoh's guards but was put in prison, where he interpreted the dreams of other prisoners. The Pharaoh heard of his power and asked for interpretations of his own dreams. Joseph became the Pharaoh's prime minister. This caused the Israelites to leave Canaan and live in Egypt. 

Mary Magdalene

Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels of the New Testament. She became a faithful follower of Jesus after he delivered her from seven demons.

Mary is a saint in the Catholic church. She is remembered on July 22.

Witness

A witness is someone who sees something happen. They are often used in court to help find the truth. During a trial, the two lawyers will bring in witnesses to help back up their arguments. 

In a criminal trial, the prosecution lawyer will often bring in the victim of the crime to say what happened, and anyone else who can prove the accused person did the crime. The defense lawyer will nearly always call up the accused person to explain why they are not guilty, and bring in other witnesses who can prove the accused person is not guilty. Each time a lawyer brings in a witness, the other lawyer will "cross examine" the witness - they will ask them questions to make sure they are telling the truth.

Witnesses have to swear to tell the truth during the trial. If a witness lies in court, it is known as "perjury", which is a crime. A witness can be subpoenad, which means they are required to testify in court. If the witness does not testify when given a subpoena, they can be punished.



Corinthians

Corinthians is the name of different things:



Corinth

Corinth is a city in Greece. It gave its name to the Corinth Canal. This is in the middle of the Isthmus of Corinth, a narrow strip of land which joins the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece. It has a castle called the acrocorinth. Corinth is in the north of Peloponnese. It is a coastal city. It had 60,000 people at the 2011 census. 

During antiquity, Corinth was one of the most important Greek cities. It was often the opponent of Athens and these two cities competed with each other. It founded many colonies in south Italy and Sicily such as Siracusa. Corinth was conquered by Romans in 146 B.C. Two epistles of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthian Christians are in the Bible.

The modern city of Corinth is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the ancient ruins. Since 1896, the Corinth excavations by the American School of Classical Studies at Athens have revealed large parts of the ancient city. Recent excavations by the Greek Ministry of Culture have brought to light important new discoveries.

During Middle Ages, it was an important city with a fortification. In 1460 it came under Turkish rule and it was liberated in 1830, after the Greek War of Independence.

Cross

The Christian cross is the main symbol of the Christian religion. These crosses are usually found on Christian churches. 

Jesus, who many Christians believe is God the Son and their Messiah, was crucified (nailed to a large wooden cross). This was a commonly used method for killing people in Roman times. 

Christians believe that Jesus' death made the sins of all humans who trust in him, go away, and that they are forgiven. They also believe that Jesus was resurrected (came back to life) after three days. Because of this, the cross is a symbol for Jesus' sacrifice and suffering, but also a symbol of hope, forgiveness of sins, and victory over death.

There are several different Christian crosses that are symbols for different Christian groups or persons.

A cross with the body of Jesus on it is called a Crucifix.

The empty cross is usually favoured by Protestants and Eastern Orthodox, and the symbol reminds them of the Resurrection of Jesus, though the Orthodox will add a slanted footbar, as well. The crucifix is favoured by Catholic churches and is a reminder of Christ's sacrifice. Jehovah's Witnesses believe that Jesus died on a simple upright pole, a "torture stake" ; and only display it as a picture of an impaled Jesus in their literature.

Christians remember the death of Jesus on the cross on Good Friday every year.

The most common cross is the Latin Cross. The cross represents and memorializes Christ's death.

This cross is a symbol of hope over death, and of victory in returning to life. (See Philippians 2:8-9)

The non-Christian religion of Scientology, also uses the Latin cross (but with a star in the middle) as its symbol.


Peloponnese

The Peloponnese is a large peninsula in Greece. It is the part of Greece which is south of the Isthmus of Corinth.

The Peloponnese has many mountains and a long jagged coastline. The highest part is Mount Taygetus in the south. 

There are four south-pointing peninsulas within the Peloponnese. They are called Messenia, the Mani Peninsula, Epidaurus, and the Argolid.

There are also two groups of islands near the Peloponnese. In the east there are the Argo-Saronic Islands and in the west there are the Ionian Islands. There is also the island of Kythira, which is near to the Epidaurus peninsula. Kythira is often thought of as part of the Ionian Islands.

The Peloponnese has had people living on it since prehistoric times. Its name means "Island of Pelops". Pelops was a person from Greek mythology, who took over the island. During the Middle Ages and the Ottoman Empire, the peninsula was known as the Morea.

Isthmus of Corinth

The Isthmus of Corinth is a narrow bit of land which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece. It is near to the city of Corinth. The narrow Corinthian Canal cuts through the isthmus, connecting the Aegean Sea to the Gulf of Corinth.

Tripoli

Tripoli is a city in northwest Libya. It is the capital of the country. More than three million people live in the metropolitan area. 

Originally a Phoenician colony, Tripoli became in turn part of Greek and Roman Cyrenaica, a pirate port, a part of the Ottoman Empire, and the capital of the Italian empire in North Africa. 

Argos

Argos is a city in south Greece, the capital of Argos-Mycenae Municipality. It is in the Argolis prefecture, which is on the Peloponnese peninsula. It is named after the child of Zeus and Niobe in Greek mythology. It is the biggest city in Argolida prefecture but the capital of prefecture is Nauplion. Argos is very historical city. The first residents arrived more than 7,000 years ago. It is considered the oldest city in Greece from ancient Greek writers. 

The city houses numerous archaeological monuments. Agriculture is an important sector of the local economy. 

Sparta

Sparta was a Greek city-state. It is the capital of the Laconia prefecture. It is in the south of Peloponnese peninsula. During antiquity, it was extremely powerful. Today, it is a small city. 16,726 people lived there according to the 2001 census. 

It was also known as Lacedaemon.

The word "Spartan" is used to describe somebody who lives a simple life or somebody who suffered a lot without crying or showing that they suffered. It can also mean a life of simplicity, without anything fancy or costly.

Sparta is in the mountainous region of Laconia. This is in the south-east of the Peloponnese. Ancient Sparta was built on the banks of the Evrotas River. The river flows through a valley with mountains on each side. To the west is the Taygetus Range (highest point 2407 m) and to the east is the Parnon Range (highest point 1935 m). Because the ancient Spartans had such good natural defenses, they did not need city walls.

In Ancient Greece, Sparta was a city-state with a very strong army and a government that was well led. Sparta was known as one of the strongest city-states in Greece. Only the strongest survived in Sparta, male or female. The Spartans killed weak children. If they believed that a baby was too weak, they left it out to die of exposure beside a slope on Mount Taygetus. This place was called the "Apothetae", which meant 'the place of rejection'.

Sparta had a government with checks and balances. The executive branch was led by two kings. The legislative branch was led by the citizens. and the judicial branch was controlled by the elders. There was also a committee of five men who were in charge of the education process that young boys and girls went through. Boys and girls were taken from their parents at the age of 7. Boys went to live in barracks with other boys their age. Girls went to school to learn gymnastics, wrestling, and other activities, so they could become strong, healthy mothers for future soldiers.

"Laconophilia" is love or liking of Sparta and of the Spartan culture. Sparta was often admired when it ruled. Long ago, "Many of the noblest and best of the Athenians always considered (thought) the Spartan state nearly as an ideal theory realised in practice". Many Greek philosophers, especially Platonists, would often describe Sparta as a good state, strong, brave, and free.

Sparta was also seen as a model of social purity by Revolutionary and Napoleonic France.

Adolf Hitler thought Sparta was very good. He said in 1928 that Germany should be like them by making smaller "the number allowed to live". The Spartans had created "the first racialist state".

Young Spartans boys were taken from their homes at the age of seven to begin a military life. The Spartans became soldiers at age 20, citizens at age 30, and retired at age 60. Men trained hard to become warriors of the Spartan army. Women were encouraged to keep healthy so that they could produce healthy, fit babies to grow up to be strong. Spartans saw little moral value in the concept of childbirth; unless the child was fit to become a Spartan, he would die.

Spartan men married when they were 30 years old. Plutarch writes of the strange custom of the Spartans for their wedding night:
The custom was to capture women for marriage...The...'bridesmaid' took charge of the captured girl. She first shaved her head...then dressed her in a man's cloak and sandals, and laid her down alone on a mattress in the dark. The bridegroom...first had dinner...then would slip in...lift her and carry her to the bed. The husband kept on visiting his wife in secret for some time after the marriage. Only Spartans did these customs. Some people think that the cutting off of the wife's hair was a ceremony that showed she was going into a new life.

Sparta conquered the people of Messenia and Lakonia (the surrounding countryside) at around 680560 BC. These people became known as the "helots". They were "not" slaves: they were serfs. They had a lower position in society, like serfs in mediaeval Europe.

Helots spent their lives farming their Spartan masters "kleros" (land granted to Spartan citizens). The Spartan poet Tyrtaios says helots were allowed to marry and keep half the fruits of their labor. At most times, the helots outnumbered their Spartan masters 10 to 1. They rebelled often, but they were never able to overthrow their oppressors. 

Once a Spartan reached the age of 20, he or she would then become a "homoios". A homoios was a member of the ruling class (a citizen). Both men and women were citizens. Sparta was an unusual society for women's rights, because women were considered to be equal. 

The Spartan army used the phalanx formation. This contributed to the many battles Sparta won. Their most famous loss is the Battle of Thermopylae where 300 Spartans held off a large Persian army for a week.

Olympia

Olympia ( "Olympía") was a place in ancient Greece. It was in Elis, which is now called Ilia; and is in the east of the city Pyrgos. It was the site of the Olympic Games in classical times, the most famous games in history. The Olympic Games were held every four years throughout Classical Antiquity, from the 8th century BC to the 4th century AD. The first Olympic Games were in honour of Zeus.

Olympia was a sanctuary, consisting of various buildings. These included a hippodrome, Palaestra, Gymnasium and several temples. The Olympic Games began here in 776 BC. They were founded by king Pelopas. They happened every four years, in the summers. All the ancient Greek towns competed. The winners of the Olympic games were important people. The Olympic games were abolished in 394 AD by the Christian Roman emperor Theodosius I, who declared that all Pagan religious practices should end.

During ancient history, Olympia was a powerful and rich town. It ruled over the west of Peloponnese. Olympia kept its strength and during Roman period. During the Middle Ages it was an unimportant city.

The Gymnasium at Olympia was a large, open air, quadrangle surrounded on all four sides by colonnades of the Doric order. Only the southern and eastern sides survive. They date to the second century BC. The River Kladeos has destroyed the western side. The gymnasium was used by runners and pentathlon athletes for training. Athletes trained in the nude. In bad weather, training took place under the eastern colonnade (210.51 meters) and the other three colonnades. Little of the gymnasium has been excavated. About 200 BC, a portico of the Corinthian order was built to join the gymnasium and the palaestra.

The Hippodrome was the site of horse and chariot races at Olympia, Greece. It was 1,153 meters long. It was south of the stadium, but none of it survives. It was washed away by the Alpheios River.

Pyrgos

Pyrgos is a city in Greece. It is the capital of the Ilia prefecture on the Peloponnese peninsula. Pyrgos is in the west of Peloponnese peninsula. It is in the south of Patras and in the north of Kalamata. It has 24,765 people. Near Pyrgos is the ancient town of Olympia. 

Thessaloniki

Thessaloniki is the second-largest city in Greece after Athens. There were 325,182 people at the census of 2011. Including the suburbs, there were 1,110,312 people. It is in the region of Macedonia in northern Greece. It is the capital of the Thessaloniki prefecture and it is the capital of the periphery of central Macedonia. It is the largest city in the geographical region of Macedonia. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification). The average rainfall is relatively low, due to the rain shadow from the Pindos mountains. Unlike in Athens, there are frequent frosts and snow every winter.

Thessaloniki was established by King Cassander of Macedon, friend of Alexander the Great in the fourth century B.C. He named the city after the sister of Alexander the Great, princess Thessalonike, which in Greek means "victory over Thessaly". 

From late antiquity to the late Middle Ages (330AD-1430AD) it was the second most important city of Byzantine Empire. Then Thessaloniki faced many invasions from enemies such as the Avaroi, Bulgars and others. In the year 1204, the crusaders conquered Thessaloniki and created the Kingdom of Thessalonica. Later it was liberated by Byzantines and then sold to the Republic of Venice but the year 1430, it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire. 

Thessaloniki was a part of Ottoman Empire for approximately 500 years and in 1912 it became part of Greece when Greece acquired Macedonia following the Balkan Wars. Many famous people have lived or were born here, such as the Roman statesman and philosopher Cicero, many saints like Cyril and Methodius, who invented the Cyrillic alphabet, and Saint Demetrius, who is the patron saint of the city, and many politicians, such as the founder of modern-day Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. Most of the city was completely destroyed in a large fire in 1917 and was rebuilt in the 1920s. Thessaloniki was place to both the Salonica and Macedonian fronts during World War 1, this fronts were made of French, Serbian, English, Italian, and a Russian division. This fronts were key in 1918 to the Entente victory over both Bulgaria and Austria. It was later occupied by Nazi Germany during the Second World War, during the Greek Invasion.

Thessaloniki has many sights. The most famous sight in Thessaloniki is the white tower. The White tower was a part of Thessaloniki's ancient walls that were built many times through the ages. Thessaloniki was the second-most well-fortified city in the Byzantine Empire, after Constantinople (Istanbul). The walls can still be seen above the city today and despite the many earthquakes, they are still standing. The city was home to a Roman imperial palace and mausoleum. The palace ruins can be seen today but the mausoleum together with a Roman arch can be still seen standing today. Very important sights of Thessaloniki are the medieval churches such as Agios Dimitrios, Agios Georgios and Agia Sofia. Agios Dimitrios it the largest and oldest Basilica in Greece. Thessaloniki's Christian monuments are part of the UNESCO World Heritage initiative. The city also has many Ottoman monuments, such as the Bey Hammam and the old district of the city near the walls, with its distinctly Turkish architecture. Many museums are in the city and some of them are: Archaeological Museum of Thessaloniki, Museum of the Macedonian Struggle, Jewish Museum, Ethnological Museum of Macedonia and others. 

Thessaloniki is known throughout Greece and the countries nearby as a city with a great nightlife even in winter, when most famous Greek tourist destinations are closed. It is also widely considered the Greek city of love due to its many romantic streets and alleys. 

Florina

Florina is a city in Greece in the region of Macedonia. It is the capital of the Florina prefecture. Its population is 15,265 inhabitants. Florina is build at the foot of Varnus mountain. It is built at an altitude of 600 meter approximately. Around Florina there are many forests. 

Argolis

Argolis is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Argolis is the Nafplio.

Ilia

Ilia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Ilia is the Pyrgos.

Achaea

Achaea is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Achaea is Patras.

Arcadia

Arcadia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Arcadia is Tripoli.

Laconia

Laconia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Laconia is Sparta.

Pella

Pella is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Pella is the Edessa and the largest town is Giannitsa. It is also the site of the ancient city of Pella, the capital of the kingdom of Macedon where Alexander the Great and Philip II of Macedon lived.

Attica

Attica is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. Attica contains Athens, the capital of Greece. In ancient period was the area of ancient Athenian state. Attica today is the prefecture with the largest number of people in Greece being the area where Athens, the capital of Greece, is. There are about 3,500,000 people. 

Attica is in the south of Greece. It is a peninsula between Peloponnese and Euboea. Its the southest point is the cape Sounion. Attica has five mountains with an elevation over 1000 meters, Parnitha (the highest of all), Penteli, Hymettus, Pateras mountain and Kithairon. Attica has borders with Boeotia prefecture to the north and Corinthia prefecture to the west. Attica is surrounded by the sea of Saronic gulf to the west and South Euboean golf to the east. These seas are a part of Aegean sea.

Kastoria

Kastoria is a Greek city, and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece in the region of Macedonia. Kastoria it is built on the bank of Lake Orestiada. There are 17,038 people living in the city. Kastoria has an old neighbourhood which is picturesque, and it is named Doltso. It has nice old houses with particular local architecture.

The name "Kastoria" means "place of the beavers" which used to live in the lake. These have all been hunted and killed for their fur.

Kozani

Kozani is a city in northern Greece. It is the capital of Kozani Prefecture and of the region of Macedonia. The population of the city is 38,591, according to 2001 census. In district of Kozani products the main amount of electrical energy of Greece. 

Magnesia

Magnesia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Magnesia is the Volos.

Messenia

Messinia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Messinia is the Kalamata.

Chalkidiki

Chalkidiki, also known as Halkidiki or Chalcidice, is one of 51 prefectures of Greece in the region of Macedonia. It is the area of the ending of Central Macedonia which accesses deeply in the Aegean Sea forming three small peninsulas. The capital of Chalcidice is the Polygyros.

Official website

Euboea

Euboea is an island of Greece. It is also one of the 51 prefectures of Greece. Euboea is the second largest island of Greece. Its total area is 3,655 km. It is to the east of Boeotia and Attica prefectures. The island is surrounded by the Aegean Sea. The capital of Euboea and the biggest city on the island is Chalkida.

Grevena

Grevena is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. Grevena is a small city which is in the west of Macedonia. Its population is 12,037 inhabitants according to 2001 census. It is built at a height of 500 meter approximately. West of Grevena is the mountain range of Pindos with many forests and with a ski center which it is named Vasilitsa. This ski center has a lot of snow throughout the winter. 

Greneva has a total area of 1,860 square kilometers. 

Arta

Arta is a Greek city. It is the capital of Arta Prefecture, one of 51 prefectures of Greece. Its population is 24,725. Arta is known because of Arta's bridge. It is an old bridge on the Arachthos river. 

Trikala

Trikala is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. Trikala is in the center of Greece in the Thessaly periphery. According to the 2001 census, 57,914 people lived there. Trikala is built on a large plain. This plain is one of the biggest plain in Greece. In the west of Trikala is the Pindus range. Trikala is crossed by Litheus river.

Lesbos

Lesbos, also called Lesvos, is an island in Greece. It is in the northeastern Aegean Sea. It is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Lesbos is the Mytilene. According to Classical Greek mythology, Lesbos was the patron god of the island. 

The word 'lesbian' comes from Lesbos. An ancient poet, Sappho, lived on Lesbos. Many of her love poems are written to women.

Samos

Samos is a Greek island. It is the eighth largest Greek island. It is in the east of Aegean sea. Opposite Samos is the west coasts of Turkey. Samos is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The prefecture in addition includes the Ikaria island and . The capital of Samos is Samos City, commonly referred to by the locals as Vathi. The area of the island is 478 km squared. It is separated from Asia Minor, by the approximately 1 mile wide Mycale Strait. While largely mountainous, Samos has several relatively large and fertile plains. A great portion of the island is covered with vineyards, from which wine is made. The island of Samos is a lush, very green island with forests and with many places to visit. It is also the birthplace of the mathematician Pythagoras. Today Samos is an island which attracts tourists from all over the world for the wonderful nature, the impressive mountainous and verdant landscape and the plethora of archaeological sites.

The most interest sight of Samos is the ancient aqueduct. It was construct by the ancient Greek mechanic , so it is called "Eupalinio Orygma" in Greek. It is a big tunnel which is long. It had been constructed to carry water in the town of ancient Samos. Other important places is the ancient town which is in the south of island and the contemporary beautiful villages of Samos.

<br>

Evros

Evros is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Evros is Alexandroupoli.

Evritania

Evritania is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Evritania is the Karpenisi.

Cyclades

Cyclades is an island group in Greece. The group of Cyclades includes many islands. The larger islands of the group is Naxos, Andros, Tinos, Mykonos, Paros, Milos, Thira (or Santorini), Syros, Amorgos, Ios, Kythnos, Kea, Sifnos, Serifos, Sikinos, Folegandros and Anafi. The group, also includes many others small islands and islets. Also Cyclades is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Cyclades is the Ermoupolis in the island of Syros.

Serres

Serres is a Greek city. It is also one of 51 prefectures of Greece. There are 56,400 people in Serres. Serres is built on the large plain. It is in the north of Greece, in the region of Macedonia. It is near the Strymonas river.


Kilkis

Kilkis is a Greek town and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is in the north of Greece, in the region of Macedonia. Kilkis is built on the large plain. It is an agricultural city. It has 19,247 people.

Chania

Chania is a Greek city which is the capital of Chania prefecture. It is in the west of Crete. 55,838 people live there. Chania has an important port which connects Chania with the port of Piraeus. 

Chania had an significant development from 13th century till 17th century. Then it was under Venetian rule. After the Venetians, ruled the Ottomans until 1912. This year Crete was liberated and it is united with Greece.

Xanthi (regional unit)

Xanthi is a Greek city and its one of 51 prefectures in Greece. Its population is 46,464 inhabitants. It is located in the north-east of Greece, in the district of Western Thrace. Many Muslims live in Xanthi. So this city has an oriental color.

Batha (prefecture)

Batha was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The area is part of the Batha Region since 2002.

Biltine (prefecture)

Biltine was one of fourteen prefectures, or areas, of Chad. The capital of Biltine is Biltine. In 1993, it had a population of 148,807 people and an area of 46,850 square kilometers of land.

As of 2002, the area is now part of Wadi Fira Region

Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti

Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti was Faya.

Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Faya-Largeau

Faya-Largeau is the largest city in northern Chad. 9,867 people were living there in 1993. It is the capital of Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Prefecture.

The town was first called Faya, then it was renamed Largeau after Chad became a colony of France in 1900. When Chad won independence from France in 1960, the town changed its name to Faya-Largeau.

Chari-Baguirmi (prefecture)

Chari-Baguirmi was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of was Ndjamena. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Guéra (prefecture)

Guéra was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital city of Guéra was Mongo. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Kanem (prefecture)

Kanem () was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Kanem was Mao. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Lac (prefecture)

Lac is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Lac is the Bol.

Logone Occidental (prefecture)

Logone Occidental was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital city of Logone Occidental was Moundou. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Logone Oriental (prefecture)

Logone Oriental was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Logone Oriental was Doba. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Mayo-Kébbi

Mayo-Kébbi was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Mayo-Kébbi was Bongor. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Moyen-Chari (prefecture)

Moyen-Chari was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Moyen-Chari was Sarh. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Ouaddaï (prefecture)

Ouaddaï was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Ouaddaï was Abéché. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Salamat (prefecture)

Salamat was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Salamat was Am Timan. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Tandjilé (prefecture)

Tandjilé was one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Tandjilé was Laï. Since 2002, Chad is divided into regions.

Abéché

Abéché is a city in Chad. It is the capital city of the Ouaddaï prefecture.

Mongo

Mongo is a city in Chad. It is the capital city of the Guéra prefecture.

Ron Howard

Ronald William Howard (born March 1, 1954) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter.

Ron Howard was born in Duncan, Oklahoma. His father is actor Rance Howard. He started acting as a young child. As an actor he was best known for his roles on television, as Opie Taylor on "The Andy Griffith Show" and Richie Cunningham on "Happy Days". He appeared in movies like "The Music Man" (1962) and "American Graffiti" (1973).

He later quit acting and became a director. Some of the movies he has directed are: "Splash" (1984), "Cocoon" (1985), "Willow" (1988), "Parenthood" (1989), "Apollo 13" (1995), "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" (2000), "A Beautiful Mind" (2001), and "Cinderella Man" (2005).

His father Rance Howard, brother Clint Howard and daughters Bryce Dallas Howard and Paige Howard are also actors, as was his mother, Jean Speegle Howard.

Recently, he returned to television and made the TV show "Arrested Development".

Playboy

Playboy was a monthly American men's magazine. It was founded by Hugh Hefner in Chicago, Illinois in 1953. Marilyn Monroe was the magazine's first cover model. The logo was created by Art Paul.

The magazine featured articles about men's interests including clothing, sports, consumer goods, men's health, politics, and public figures. The magazine always showed large pictures of nude women, except for one year in 2016–2017.

In each issue, a provocatively posed "Playmate of the Month" was featured in a pictorial several pages in length at the center of the magazine with an accompanying "centerfold" photograph. Unlike traditional pin up art, "Playboy" humanized their models by describing their real world jobs, accomplishments, and goals.

In 1963 Hefner was arrested for obscenity in Chicago after publishing nude photos of actress Jayne Mansfield that were taken on the set of "Promises! Promises!" He was acquitted at trial by a hung jury.

Starting with the March 2016 issue, the magazine no longer had pictures of nude women. According to the company, "times change." Times changed again in February 2017 when nudity returned. In March 2020 the company announced that it would stop publishing the magazine on paper and only use digital copies instead. Between 1970 and 1985 "Playboy" was also printed in braille. It is also one of the few magazines whose microfilm format was in color, not black and white.

1817

1817 was a common year.










Larry David

Larry David (born July 2, 1947 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American actor and writer of Jewish descent.

He worked as a writer on "Fridays" and "Saturday Night Live". He co-created the television series "Seinfeld". He also created and stars in his own series called "Curb Your Enthusiasm". On the series, he appears as a caricature of himself.

Joint Base Pearl Harbor–Hickam

Joint Base Pearl Harbor–Hickam is a United States Navy and United States Air Force base in the U.S. state of Hawaii, on the south lagoon shore of Oahu. The navy base was started in 1899 and merged with the air force base in 2010. It is 8 miles (15 km) west of downtown Honolulu.

The Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, on December 7, 1941, which was a surprise. The attack led to America's fighting in World War II. The reason the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor was to destroy the U.S. Navy (Seventh Fleet), and prevent the U.S. from stopping the Japanese expansion in Asia.


RPG

RPG may refer to:


Amsterdam

Amsterdam is the capital and largest city in the European country of the Netherlands. Amsterdam is famous for its canals and dikes. Unlike in capitals of most other countries, the national government, parliament, government ministries, supreme court, royal family and embassies are not in Amsterdam, but in The Hague. The only diplomatic offices present in Amsterdam are consulates.

The city hosts two universities (the University of Amsterdam and the Free University Amsterdam) and an international airport "Schiphol Airport". About 2.2 million people live in the metropolitan area. The city of Amsterdam is the world's most multi-cultural city. It has people living there from 175 different countries. Like other big cities in the Netherlands and elsewhere in the world, Amsterdam is unfortunately subjected to many criminal activities.

The former city of Weesp has been part of Amsterdam since 24 March 2022. Because of this Amsterdam has about 905,000 people.

A dam was built in 13th century in the river Amstel (that's why the city is called Amsterdam). The old harbor of the city, "Damrak", is now one of the busiest streets in the city. The city was for the first time mentioned in 1275 by count Floris V, count of Holland and Zeeland who gave the people of Amsterdam some more freedom. The city got its city rights probably in 1306; at least soon after the year 1300. The city became a major trading port pretty soon, with a successful trading route to the Baltic Sea. The city grew fast in the 15th century. Because the city basically lies in swamp, the builders of the city had to dig canals to use the digging-ground for getting the living-ground higher. Homes were built on wooden poles, and the canals served as a pretty effective primitive sewer.

The city was one of the first cities in Western Europe to be fairly democratic: Wealthy citizens chose the leaders of the city. Amsterdam declared war on the Spanish in 1578, during the Eighty Years' War. When the city of Antwerp fell to the Spanish in 1585, many people of Antwerp fled to Amsterdam. Antwerp was also a major trading city, and when its people moved to Amsterdam, they took their trading-networks with them. That's why Amsterdam became an even more important trading city after that. This launched the Dutch Golden Age. The number of people living in Amsterdam during the War rose from less than 30,000 in 1570 to over 100,000 in 1622. That number would even rise to 200,000 near the end of the 17th century, making the city a very large city for its time (only London and Paris also had that many people). In the 18th century, the number of people living in Amsterdam fell back to 140,000, ending the Golden Age.

The 19th century was the time for the first trains and trams in Amsterdam. The first train ran from Amsterdam to Haarlem in 1839. The number of people was rising, with about 250,000 living in Amsterdam in 1850, and more than 500,000 in 1900. Amsterdam was a heavy industrialised city by then. Before the Second World War, there were about 140,000 Jews living in Amsterdam. Most of those people did not survive the war. After the war, Amsterdam became a centre of tolerance and culture; to be different is not abnormal in Amsterdam. It is expected that Amsterdam will grow 12.6% until 2025. It will then hold almost 900,000 people, and the metropolitan area will hold almost 2.5 million people by then.

Amsterdam consists of eight districts:


And one urban area: 



Paraguay

Paraguay, officially the Republic of Paraguay (), is a small country in South America. It is landlocked, meaning that it is not next to the ocean. It is bordered to the North and East by Brazil, the West by Bolivia, and the South and Southeast by Argentina. The main languages are Spanish and Guaraní.
Paraguay's population is about 6 million. The ethnic makeup of the population is the following: Mestizo (mixed European and Amerindian) 80%, European 20%, unmixed Amerindian 1-3%, Asian 1-4%.

Over (20%) of the population lives below the poverty line.

Paraguay has two official languages, Spanish and Guaraní. Guaraní is recognized as a national language.

The capital city is Asuncion. Asuncion was founded in 1537 by a Spaniard named Juan de Salazar. Paraguay was a colony of Spain, but became independent in 1811.

From 1865-1870 Paraguay lost land and most of its male population in the War of the Triple Alliance against Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay. It gained land in the Chaco War against Bolivia in the 1930s.

Paraguay's main religion is Roman Catholicism.

The weather is humid in the east and dry in the west.

Paraguay has 17 departments and one capital district ("Distrito Capital"). The departments are formed by districts.

The departments are grouped in two geographic regions, separated by the Paraguay river:

Notes

Loch Ness

Loch Ness is a loch in the Scottish Highlands. It is also on the Great Glen Fault and part of the Caledonian Canal.

Loch Ness is 36 kilometres long and only 1.5 kilometres wide. It is the second largest Scottish loch by surface area at , after Loch Lomond. Because of its great depth, it is the largest by volume. Its deepest point is . This is deeper than any other loch except Loch Morar. 

It contains more freshwater than all the lakes in England and Wales combined, and is the largest body of water on the Great Glen Fault, which runs from Inverness in the north to Fort William in the south.

In popular legend, it is the home of the "Loch Ness Monster", a myth which was promoted by a faked photograph.


Gary Burghoff

Gary Burghoff (born May 24, 1943) is an American actor, artist, and musician. He is probably best known for his role as Walter "Radar" O'Reilly, a company clerk that had extraordinary hearing, in the 1970 movie "M*A*S*H" and on the television series of the same name. Burghoff also has a deformed hand which was hidden on the show by special camera tricks and he held it behind his back a lot.

Fred Gwynne

Fred Gwynne (born July 10, 1926 - July 2, 1993) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Herman Munster in "The Munsters". He played Francis Muldoon in "Car 54, Where Are You?". "The Munsters" and "Car 54, Where Are You?" were television situation comedies. He also wrote children's literature.

Cannabis

Cannabis is a genus of plant. There are three species: "Cannabis sativa", "Cannabis indica", and "Cannabis ruderalis".

The cannabis plant's flowers contain a chemical or drug known as THC (short for "tetra-hydro-cannabinol"). Smoking or eating the flower can make a person feel euphoric (very good) or sleepy. The plant is also used to make hemp fibre, and for its seeds and seed oil.

In its natural environment, THC's purpose was to protect itself against being eaten. There are many varieties of cannabis, and those low on THC production are selected for producing hemp and seeds.

Since the 19th century, Cannabis has become an illegal drug in many countries. In the 21st century, some countries have made cannabis legal again. Others allow cannabis to be used as medicine when people have certain medical conditions.

Scientists believe that cannabis first grew somewhere in the Himalayas. Evidence of people smoking cannabis goes as far back as prehistory: archaeologists have found burnt hemp seeds at a burial site in what is now Romania. 
The most famous users of cannabis were the ancient Hindus, who called it "ganjika" in Sanskrit ("ganja" in modern Indian languages). According to legend, the Indian god Shiva told his followers to worship the plant. The ancient drug soma was sometimes associated with cannabis.

People in the Persian Empire (what is now Iran) would light giant campfires made of cannabis, exposing themselves to the smoke. The ceremony was known as "the booz-rooz."

Cannabis was also known in ancient Greece, where magicians would burn its flowers in order to cause strange thoughts in the audience members' minds. Historians think that the cult of Dionysus also began in ancient Greece and involved inhaling cannabis smoke."

When a person inhales cannabis smoke or consumes cannabis, he or she may get a feeling called "getting high" or "getting stoned". Cannabis's most common effects include feeling happy, relaxed, tired, silly or scared; having many ideas about what to do; not being able to think clearly (or remember some things at all); and getting hungry (also called getting "the munchies"). Smoking cannabis changes how people think and feel, making it either harder or easier to solve some problems. Some people who take cannabis feel strange or paranoid (worried that something bad is going to happen).

Hashish (dried resin) is much more concentrated than cannabis (it includes both leaves and flowers). Because of this, people who take large amounts of hashish may feel even stronger effects. They may also see things or hear things that do not exist (these are called hallucinations). They may also have strange thoughts. Some hashish users like the feeling of these visions and thoughts, while others may find them scary. However, people rarely get hallucinations after smoking or eating cannabis.

In the 2010s many countries and some states in the United States made it legal for people with certain medical problems to use cannabis as a medicine. Medical use of cannabis is legal in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Finland, Greece, Israel, the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom. In March 2017 Germany legalised cannabis for medical use with treatment of pain and symptoms by chronic diseases. Only a few companies and doctors in Germany willingly prescribe cannabis for medical uses. Not much known about the broad spectrum of medical cannabis efficacy as the drug is still listed under the German narcotics act (in German "Betäubungsmittelgesetz" or abbr. "BtMG").

In the United States, as of February 2018, 30 states, plus Washington, D.C. and Guam, had legalized medical cannabis. However, using cannabis for any reason is still illegal under federal law.

According to a 1999 report by the Institute of Medicine, cannabis (especially THC) can decrease pain; control nausea and vomiting; and improve appetite. As of June 2016, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, "Further studies have found that cannabis [helps] some of the symptoms of HIV/AIDS, cancer, glaucoma, and multiple sclerosis.

On December 11, 2013, Uruguay was the first country in the world to make it legal to grow, sell, and use cannabis for personal (or recreational) use. Other countries that allow people to have small amounts of cannabis (just enough for them to use personally) include Colombia, Ecuador, Jamaica, the Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Spain, and Switzerland. In the United States, on January 1, 2014, the states of Washington and Colorado made it legal for people aged 21 or older to buy cannabis. In November 2016, California did the same thing, and has been selling cannabis in stores since January 2018. As of October 17th, 2018, Canada has become the first G7 nation to make cannabis legal. Each province of Canada has its own legal minimum age to buy and use (either 18-years-old and older, 19-years-old and older, or 21-years-old and older) and how much of it is allowed to have at one time.

Cannabis is one of the least dangerous of the commonly used illegal drugs. It is almost impossible to overdose on cannabis. A person would have to smoke their entire body weight in five minutes in order to overdose.

As of 1995, scientists had not shown that smoking cannabis causes lung cancer, even in people who smoke a lot of cannabis for a long time.

It is a common, yet false, belief that people who use cannabis are less interested in life and may not want to go to school or work (scientists call this "amotivational syndrome"). However, many reports show that people who use cannabis do just as well as non-users.

A person who is intoxicated ("high" or "stoned") from cannabis could get hurt or killed in an accident if they drive a car. It is not safe to drive under the influence of any intoxicant. However, drivers who are "stoned" are much less likely to get into car accidents than drunk drivers and in some cases, sober drivers.

"Hard drugs", such as heroin, meth, and cocaine, are chemically addictive. This means that if a person starts taking heroin, meth, or cocaine, that person's body will physically need to keep taking the drug. If they try to stop using the drug, they may become very sick. Cannabis and hashish are not "chemically" addictive, but they can be "psychologically" or habitually addictive. This means that people can get so used to the pleasure cannabis causes that they feel as if they need the drug. Unlike with alcohol, tobacco, and hard drugs, most people who use cannabis can stop taking it when they want, while experiencing only minor withdrawal symptoms. However, while cannabis may not be as addictive as other drugs, people can still become very much addicted to the pleasure of cannabis.


Nevada

Nevada is one of the United States' states. Its capital is Carson City. The largest city is Las Vegas. Other big cities are Henderson and Reno. More than two-thirds of the people live in the Las Vegas urban area.

Most of Nevada is in the Great Basin. It is the driest state in the United States.

Nevada was first inhabited by Native Americans. It was colonized by Spain and was part of New Spain. Later, it was part of New Mexico. It was taken by the United States in the Mexican–American War.

The most common ancestries in Nevada include Mexican, German, Irish, English, Italian and Asian. Many White people and Hispanics live in the state.

Nevada was originally founded in 1821 as part of the First Mexican Empire. The Mexican Empire turned into the Mexican Republic in 1823, along with Nevada. Before the arrival of Europeans, Nevada was inhabited by Native American tribes including the Shoshone, the Paiute, the Washoe, and the Mohave. 
Fighting between the United States and Mexico started. They fought over what was to become the Southwestern United States and who could own this land. This was called the Mexican-American War. The war ended in an American victory in 1848. Nevada later became an American territory in 1861. It was called the "Nevada Territory". This was not all of Nevada as it is today. The eastern part of Nevada was part of "Utah Territory" and the southern part was part of "New Mexico". In 1859 in the Comstock Lode, gold and silver were first discovered. This started a huge growth in mining in the state which Nevada is known for.
On October 31, 1864, now celebrated as "Nevada Day", Nevada was made the 36th state in the United States. It was given the distinct shape resembling a rectangle with a triangle. It was named "Nevada" meaning "snowy land" in Spanish, because it was snowy in the North. Later, on May 5, 1866, Nevada got its current borders because the Pah-Ute County in Arizona was taken as part of Nevada. It is now Clark County, Nevada. It was also agreed upon that the western part of Utah would become Eastern Nevada.

Tourism is very important to the economy of Nevada. Many people visit Las Vegas, which has many casinos and resorts. There is not as much farming as there is in some other states, because Nevada is so dry. However, mining is big in Nevada. More gold is mined in Nevada than in any other state.



Comoros

Comoros (officially called Union of the Comoros) is a small island nation in the Indian Ocean. It is between Madagascar and mainland Africa. The capital is Moroni on Grande Comore. The population (except for Mayotte) is about 798,000 people.

The Comoros Islands are in the Indian Ocean, between Mozambique and Madagascar. It is the southernmost member state of the Arab League.

There are 4 islands from west to east: Grande Cormore, Moheli, Anjouan and Mayotte. All the islands are of volcanic origin. Islam is the official religion of Comoros with over 90% of the population being Sunni Muslims.

Mayotte is also a territory that is claimed by Comoros but is under occupation by the French as an overseas territory. The other islands form the independent state of Comoros.

The country has a history with many "coup d'état" since independence in 1975. As of 2008, about half the people live below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.

Mount Karthala is the country's highest point. Karthala is an active shield volcano on Grand Cormore. It had a minor eruption in May 2006.

The Comoros is formed by Ngazidja (Grande Comore), Mwali (Mohéli) and Nzwani (Anjouan), the three major islands in the Comoros Archipelago. There are also many minor islets. The islands are officially known by their Comorian language names. International sources still use their French names (given in parentheses above). The capital and largest city is Moroni on Ngazidja.

At 2,034 km2 (785 sq mi), it is one of the smallest countries in the world. The interiors of the islands vary from steep mountains to low hills.

The climate is generally tropical and mild. The rainy season runs from December to April. It is called kashkazi/kaskazi, meaning north monsoon. The cool, dry season is from May to November. It is called kusi, meaning south monsoon.

The temperature reaches an average of in March, the hottest month. The average low is in the dry season. The islands are rarely subject to cyclones.

The islands have their own ecoregion, the Comoros forests.

The President of the Comoros is both head of state and head of government. The constitution was adopted on 23 December 2001. It was last amended in May 2009.

In November 1975, the Comoros became the 143rd member of the United Nations. The citizens of Mayotte chose to become French citizens and keep their island as a French territory.

There is a small standing army. This includes a 500-member police force and a 500-member defense force. A treaty with France provides navy protection for territorial waters.

The Comoros is one of the world's poorest countries. Agriculture is the leading sector of the economy. Agriculture includes fishing, hunting, and forestry.

The Comoros is the world's largest producer of ylang-ylang. It is a large producer of vanilla.


Oat

The oat ("Avena sativa") is a cereal grain. It is food for people and other animals, for example, chickens and horses. Oatmeal is made from oats. Oat straw is used as bedding for animals.

Porridge is made only from whole grain oats. It forms an excellent part of a balanced diet for the following reasons:

The wild ancestor of "Avena sativa" and the similar minor crop, "A. byzantina", is the hexaploid wild oat "A. sterilis". Science of DNA shows that the ancestor forms of "A. sterilis" grew in the Fertile Crescent of the Near East.

Domesticated oats appear later. They are also far from the Near East, in Bronze Age Europe. Oats are like rye. They are normally thought as a less important crop, i.e. coming from a weed out of the main cereals wheat and barley As these cereals spread into cooler, wetter places, this may have favored the oat weed. This quickly leads to its common use.

Oats are grown all over temperate places. They have a lower summer heat need and are able to survive more rain than other cereals like wheat, rye or barley. Oats are an annual plant, and can be planted either in autumn (for late summer harvest) or in the spring (for early autumn harvest).

Historical attitudes towards oats are very different. Oat bread was first made in England, where the first oat bread factory was made in 1899. In Scotland, are well liked, as a good part of the national diet. The English writer Samuel Johnson, famously wrote in "A Dictionary of the English Language" that the oat was "a grain, which in England is generally given to horses, but in Scotland supports the people." Which the Scottish quickly said back "and England has the best horses, and Scotland the best men."

Oats have many uses in food. Most of the time they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal, or ground into oat flour. Oatmeal is also eaten as porridge, but may also be used in many of baked goods, such as oat cakes, oatmeal cookies, and oat bread. Oats are also an substance used in many cold cereals, in particular muesli and granola. Without cooking, oats may also be taken as food.

Oats are also sometimes used in drinks. In Britain, it is used for making beer. Oatmeal stout is one of many beers using some oats. A cold, sweet drink made of ground oats and milk is a well liked drink in Latin America. 'Oatmeal caudle', made of ale and oatmeal with spices was a usual British drink and well-liked by Oliver Cromwell.

In Scotland a dish called "Sowans" was made by putting the husks from oats in water for a week so that the fine, dusty part of the meal remained at the bottom to be strained off, boiled and taken as food (Gauldie 1981). Oats are also widely used there as a thickener in soups, as barley or rice might be used in other countries.

Oats and its hulls are also commonly used as feed for horses - as whole or rolled oats or as part of food bits. Cattle are also fed oats, either whole, or ground into a flour using a mill.

Oat straw is prized by cattle and horse makers as bedding, because its soft, almost dust-free, and takes in liquid. The straw can also be used for making corn dollies. Tied in a cotton bag, oat straw was used to soften bath-water.

Things take out of oatscan also be used to make pain less sharp in the skin, as in skin lotions. It is the main substance in the Aveeno line of products.

Oats are mostly thought as "healthy" food. The finding of the healthy LDL cholesterol-lowering properties has led to more liking of oats as human food.

Oat is the only cereal having a globulin or legume-like protein, avenalin, as the major (80%) storage protein. Globulins can be taken up by weak salt water. The more common cereal proteins are gluten and zein. The minor protein of oat is avenin.

Oat protein is almost the same in quality as soy bean protein, which has been shown by the World Health Organization to be equal to meat, milk, and egg protein. The amount of protein of the hull-less oat kernel ranges from 12 to 24%, which is the highest among cereals.


Kapingamarangi

Kapingamarangi is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the Federated States of Micronesia. There are about 700 people living in Kapingamarangi. The inhabitants speak the Kapingamarangi language, a Polynesian dialect, but about 200 of them speak the Spanish language.

The Kapingamarangi people live a simple life. They believe that it's not what you have that is important. They help each other, neighbors, relatives, and everybody. They share what they have. The sea provides a significant source of food. And the people are very talented in doing all the different types of fishing.

Kiribati

Kiribati () is an island country in the Pacific Ocean. It has 33 atolls, groups of tiny islands. The country is near the equator. Part of it is in Micronesia and part is in Polynesia. Its capital is South Tarawa, on the Tarawa atoll.

Kiribati used to be called the Gilbert Islands. The name "Kiribati" comes from the way local people say "Gilberts". In 1892, the Gilbert Islands became a British protectorate with the Ellice Islands (now known as Tuvalu), together called Gilbert and Ellice Islands. Kiribati became an independent republic in 1979.

Tourism is an important industry. Most food comes from farming and fishing. People grow breadfruit, papayas, coconuts, sweet potatoes, and vegetables. The soil is not very good, but people use a special way of composting to make it better.

The official languages of Kiribati are English and Gilbertese.

As of 2020, about 119,000 people live in Kiribati. This is up from 103,000 in 2010, 84,000 in 2000, and 72,000 in 1990. Of these people, 90% live on the Gilbert Islands, 10% live on the Phoenix Islands, and only 41 people live on the Line Islands. The government says that 59% of people live in urban areas.

Almost all people in Kiribati have a religion. The largest religions are Catholicism (59%), Kiribati Uniting Church (21%), Kiribati Protestant Church (8%), Mormon (5%), Bahai (2%), and Seventh-day Adventist (2%). 

The first people came to Kiribati sometime between 3000 BC and 1300 AD. It is not known where they came from. Before this time, the islands may have been underwater.

European sailors saw the islands in the 1600s and 1700s. At this time, people only lived on the Gilbert Islands. (These islands were named after a British sailor, Thomas Gilbert.) In the 1800s, Europeans kidnapped many people and sold them as slaves. In 1886, the British Empire took the islands. The British tried to settle the Phoenix and Line Islands.

During World War II, Japan took the islands. During the Cold War, the US tested nuclear weapons there. In 1979, Kiribati became independent. Kiribati signed a "Treaty of Friendship and Territorial Sovereignty" (also called the "Treaty of Tarawa") with the United States in 1979. The USA gave up its claims to the islands of Canton, Enderbury, Hull, Birnie, Gardner, Phoenix, Sydney, McKean, Christmas, Caroline, Starbuck, Malden, Flint, and Vostok in that treaty.

Global warming and climate change are having big effects on Kiribati. The islands are very low above the water. The average height is 3 metres above sea level. Because of global warming, the sea level is rising. Land is sinking under the ocean. In the future, there may not be enough land to grow food. Salt water is also filling up aquifers, where people store fresh water. Climate change causes unusual droughts and storms. These can make farming much harder.

In 2012, the government purchased land on Fiji. This way, people from Kiribati could move there if needed.

Bisexuality

Bisexuality is a sexual orientation. Bisexual "(sometimes shortened to bi)" people are romantically or sexually attracted to both men and women. It can also mean attraction to more than one gender. Sometimes it is talked about as having romantic or sexual attraction to someone regardless of their sex or gender identity. This is also known as "pansexuality". Some bisexual people love men and women the same and some people love one more than the other. Some bisexual people have preferences to one or more sexes, however some may not. A slang expression for bisexuality is "to swing both ways." 

In 1948, Alfred Kinsey published the Kinsey scale. The Kinsey scale shows that sexuality is a continuum. This means it moves little by little from heterosexuality to homosexuality. On the Kinsey scale, a "0" is someone who is only heterosexual. A "6" is someone who is only homosexual. Someone who is equally homosexual and heterosexual (bisexual) is a "3".
In biology, bisexual can define an organism that has both male and female organs. This mostly refers to plants.

Bisexuality is romantic or sexual attraction to both males and females, or to more than one gender. Attraction can be different for bisexuals. This can be sexual, romantic, emotional, or physical attraction. Some sources say that bisexuality means romantic or sexual attraction to all gender identities or sexual orientations. Some sources say that it is romantic or sexual attraction to a person no matter what that person's sex or gender is. This would make it the same as pansexuality. Pansexuality ignores or rejects the gender binary (the idea that there is two genders and related sexual orientations). This is because pansexuals are open to relationships with people who do not identify as men or women. Sometimes the phrase "bisexual umbrella" or "bisexual community" is used to talk about any non-monosexual behaviors, attractions, and identities. The phrase "bisexual community", or the word "plurisexuality", includes people who identify as bisexual, pansexual, omnisexual, biromantic, polysexual, or sexually fluid.

A common symbol of the bisexual community is the bisexual flag. This flag has a deep pink stripe at the top for homosexuality, a dark blue stripe for heterosexuality, and a purple stripe in the middle for bisexuality. The purple stripe is a mix of the blue and pink colors, representing a mix of homosexuality and heterosexuality. 

Another symbol of bisexuality is the biangles. The biangles are a pair of overlapping pink and blue triangles. These triangles form purple where they cross.



Barbados

Barbados is an island country in the Atlantic Ocean. The island has an area of about 430 km². Its capital and largest city is Bridgetown. The official language of Barbados is English. Barbados is a popular tourist destination. In 2008, the island had a population of about 284,000 people. About 80,000 live in or around Bridgetown.

The island is in the western area of the North Atlantic and 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of the Windward Islands and the Caribbean Sea. It is about east of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and north-east of Trinidad and Tobago. Barbados is outside of the main Atlantic hurricane belt.

The island's only airport is the Grantley Adams International Airport. It abolished the monarchy and became a republic on 30 November 2021.

Barbados produces rum.

The earliest inhabitants of Barbados were Native Americans. Barbados was first visited by the Spanish around the late 1400s to early 1500s. It first was on a Spanish map in 1511. The native Arawaks may have fled or been enslaved. The Portuguese visited in 1536. They brought wild hogs for a good supply of meat whenever the island was visited. The first English ship, the "Olive Blossom", came in 1624. They said the island belonged to the British king James I. Two years later in 1627 the first permanent settlers arrived from England. Slaves from Africa were sent to Barbados to work on sugar plantations.

Barbados has been an independent country since 30 November 1966. Elizabeth II, Queen of Barbados was the head of state. The Queen was represented locally by the Governor-General. The Prime Minister is the local head of the government. On 30 November 2021, the country became a republic with the President of Barbados becoming the head of state. This means the monarchy and the office of governor-general were be abolished on this date and replaced by the presidency.

The Barbados Defence Force has roughly 600 members.
The Barbados Defence Force (BDF) is the name given to the combined armed forces of Barbados. The BDF was established August 15, 1979, and has responsibility for the territorial defence and internal security of the island. The headquarters for the Barbados Defence Force are in the St. Ann's Fort area at The Garrison, Saint Michael.
There are three main components of the BDF:
Force Headquarters — provided administrative and logistical support for the entire force
The Barbados Regiment — this is the main land force component, and encompasses both regular and reserve units.
Barbados Coast Guard — this is the maritime element, with responsibility for patrolling Barbados' territorial waters as well as drug interdiction and humanitarian and life-saving exercises. It too encompasses both regular and reserve units.
Barbados Cadet Corp — Military youth organisation. Includes Infantry and Sea Cadets. This organisation was started in 1904. The first females joined the cadet corps in 1970s to 1980s.
The Cadet Corps has a pledge and also a song. It started with 3 normal units but today has expanded to 22. These units are grouped into Zones. There are also a band, sea cadet and medical units along with a shooting programme.
In 1981 a Cessna 402C entered service as part of the air wing.

Barbados is the easternmost island in the Lesser Antilles. It is flat in comparison to its island neighbours to the west. The highest point of the nation is Mount Hillaby.

The country usually has two seasons. The "wet season" is from June to November. The "dry season" is from December to May.

Barbados is divided into 11 parishes:


St. George and St. Thomas in the middle of the country are the only two parishes without coastlines.

The population of Barbados is about 300,000 people, nearly 90% of that is predominantly of African and Mixed descent, 6% are Asian and 4% Whites. There is also an East Indian minority on the island and Chinese and other ethnic groups. Gypsies were expelled to Barbados during the colonial era. There is also a sizable Jewish, Arab and Irish population in Barbados.

Most Barbadians are Christians (95%). The most common Christian church is Anglicans (40%). Other Christian churces in Barbados are the Catholic Church, Pentecostals (Evangelicals) Jehovah's Witnesses, Seventh-Day Adventist and Spiritual Baptists. The Church of England was the official state religion. It was ended by the Parliament of Barbados after independence. Other religions include Hindus, Muslims, the Baha'i Faith, Jews and Wiccans.

The influence of the English on Barbados is more noticeable than on other islands in the West Indies. A good example of this is the island's national sport: cricket. Barbados has had several great cricketers, including Sir Garfield Sobers and Sir Frank Worrell.

Citizens are officially called Barbadians.

In the music business, Rihanna (born Robyn Fenty) is one of Barbados' best-known Grammy winning artists.

In Barbados, the official language is English. But they also speak an English-African Creole language known as Bajan.

Cricket is very popular on the island. Barbadians play on the West Indies cricket team. The country hosted the final of the 2007 Cricket World Cup.

Obadele Thompson is a world class sprinter from Barbados. Ryan Brathwaite, a hurdler, reached the 2008 Olympic semi-finals in Beijing.

Polo is very popular with the rich on the island.

In golf, the Barbados Open is an annual stop on the European Seniors Tour.

Over half a million tourists visit Barbados every year. Barbados has several beautiful beaches which are well maintained and the sea water is crystal clear. There are also features such as Blackmans Gully, Barbados Wildlife Reserve and Harrison’s Cave which have been developed for tourism.

The annual Crop Over festival attracts many visitors to Barbados. Barbados also has a rich history. Many historic sites and buildings such as Sunbury Plantation House and St. Nicholas Abbey have been preserved or restored. Visitors can visit these sites and learn about the history of Barbados.

A joint tourism initiative has been undertaken between Barbados and the Inter American Development Bank (IDB) to the tune of US$20 million. It is aimed at repositioning the tourism sector through the implementation of key tourism initiatives.


Annie

Annie (1976 present) is a musical. The book was written by Thomas Meehan. The lyrics were written by Martin Charnin. The music was written by Charles Strouse. "Annie" is based on characters and concepts created by Harold Gray for the comic strip "Little Orphan Annie".

The musical premiered on Broadway at the Alvin Theatre in 1977. It ran for about six years. A West End production opened in 1978. "Annie" won three Tony Awards, including the Tony Award for Best Musical.


Annie lives in an orphanage run by Miss Hannigan. She is chosen from the orphans to spend two weeks with Oliver Warbucks. He grows to love her. When he learns that she wants to find her parents, he offers a large reward. Miss Hannigan, Rooster, and Lily scheme to kidnap Annie, but their plot fails, and they are sent to prison.

"Annie" was made into a movie in 1982 starring Albert Finney, Aileen Quinn, Bernadette Peters, and Carol Burnett.

James Taylor

James Taylor (born March 12, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter. He is popular for his songs "Fire and Rain", "You've Got a Friend", and "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You)". Taylor is a Democrat. He attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election. Taylor performed during Obama's second inauguration.

Truro

Truro is the capital of Cornwall in South West England. It is the only city in Cornwall, and it is the most southerly city in the British Isles. The River Truro flows though Truro and boats can travel to Truro along the river.

Truro became a large town in the 19th century because of the tin mining industry of west Cornwall. When a new Church of England diocese for Cornwall was set up in 1876 Truro became the seat of the bishop. Truro Cathedral took many years to build but was finished in 1910. It is built in the Early English Gothic revival style. Truro also became the county town of Cornwall when a county council was set up in 1888. The Royal Cornwall Museum is Cornwall's county museum and is owned by the Royal Institution of Cornwall (founded 1818).

The Royal Cornwall Hospital is a major NHS hospital.

1664

1664 was a leap year.


San Francisco

San Francisco is a city in the state of California in the United States. It is in the northern part of California, between the Pacific Ocean and San Francisco Bay. With 873,965 people in 2020, San Francisco is the 4th largest city in California and the 17th largest city in the United States. It is the economic and cultural center of the San Francisco Bay Area, a metropolitan area with over 7 million people. The city is famous for the Golden Gate Bridge, steep hills, unique architecture, and its large LGBTQ+ population. 

Spanish explorers created San Francisco in 1776. They called it "Yerba Buena", which is Spanish for "Good Herb", because a lot of mint grew there. After the Mexican-American War, the United States took over Yerba Buena. In 1848 its name was changed to "San Francisco". It became a city in 1850. San Francisco was a center of the Beat Generation in the 1950s and the Hippie movement in the 1960s. Today, it is a center of social and political liberalism. 

When the California Gold Rush started in 1848, San Francisco's port became very important. Immigrants came by sea from around the world. During World War II, the city was a center of war industries. In the 1990s, the economy became focused on internet companies and other high tech. Many of the world's largest companies have their main offices in San Francisco, such as Wells Fargo, Salesforce, Uber, Airbnb, Twitter, Levi's, Gap, Dropbox, and Lyft. The city has among the highest average incomes and highest housing costs in the United States. 

San Francisco is at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula. The Pacific Ocean is to its west, and the San Francisco Bay is to its east. The Golden Gate, a strait that connects the ocean and the bay, is to its north. The cities of Daly City and Brisbane, in San Mateo County, are to its south. It has a total land area of 46.9 square miles, or 121 square kilometers.

Several islands are part of the city: Alcatraz, Treasure Island, and Yerba Buena Island in the bay, and the Farallon Islands in the ocean. The Farallon Islands are a protected nature reserve. Only scientists can visit them.

San Francisco has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csb" in the Köppen climate classification). The record high temperature is 41.1 °C (106 °F) on September 1, 2017. The record low temperature is -4.4 °C (24 °F) on December 9, 1972.
San Francisco is officially called the City and County of San Francisco. It is the only city in California that is also a county. It is a charter city, which means it can choose its own system of government.

San Francisco has a mayor and a board of supervisors. The city is divided into 11 districts. Each district elects one supervisor to the board. Half of them are elected every two years. They serve as supervisor for four years after the election. The mayor is elected every four years. Elections for mayor and supervisors use instant-runoff voting.

Since 1960, San Francisco has voted for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election. Since 2004, the Democratic candidate has won more than 80% of the votes in each election. Every mayor since 1964 has been a Democrat.

The city of San Francisco has a public transport system called San Francisco Municipal Railway, or "Muni" for short. It operates light rail trains, called Muni Metro; buses; streetcars; and cable cars. The cable cars are the oldest and the most famous.

Bay Area Rapid Transit, or "BART", operates one rapid transit train line through San Francisco. It carries people south to San Mateo County and to San Francisco International Airport and east, then south under the bay, towards Oakland and San Jose.

Caltrain operates one train line. It goes from San Francisco south to San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties.

Ferries travel across the bay from San Francisco to Marin County, Vallejo, Richmond, Oakland, Alameda, and South San Francisco.

The Bay Bridge connects San Francisco to Oakland. It is made of two separate bridges. Treasure Island and Yerba Buena Island are between them. The bridge carries Interstate 80.

The Golden Gate Bridge connects San Francisco to Marin County in the north. It carries U.S. Route 101 and California State Route 1.

U.S. Route 101 enters San Francisco from the south. The southern part is a freeway. Interstate 80 then branches off to the east and goes to the Bay Bridge. The next part of U.S. Route 101 is on city streets: Van Ness Avenue, then Lombard Street, then Richardson Avenue. It becomes a freeway again and travels to the Golden Gate Bridge.

Interstate 280 enters San Francisco from the southwest. It travels northwest, then ends before the Bay Bridge. 

State Route 1 branches off from Interstate 280 in southwest San Francisco. It travels north as 19th Avenue. It crosses Golden Gate Park, and then becomes Park Presidio Boulevard. It merges with U.S. Route 101 before the Golden Gate Bridge.

The main airport for San Francisco is San Francisco International Airport (SFO). The city owns this airport, but the airport is south of the city in San Mateo County. Oakland International Airport (OAK) is also near the city. San Jose International Airport (SJC) is somewhat farther away.


Pelops

Pelops is a person from Greek mythology. He was the son of Tantalus and Dione and the father of Pittheus, Plisthenes, Atreus, Thyestes, Chrysippus and Copreus. 
According to the mythology, the Peloponesus was named after Pelops.

Tantaus cut Pelops into pieces and served him to the gods in a stew. He was later put back together.

Job

A job is any legal activity that allows an individual to perform a service and in return earn credits they can use to buy things.

A job can mean "some work that has to be done", for example: there are jobs to be done in the house: washing up, mending things that are broken, etc.

A job can also mean: work that a person does to earn money. The word "job" may be used when a person works for someone else "an employer" who pays them for the work. For example, a teacher's job is to teach children or adults. A taxi driver's job is to drive people in a taxi. A firefighter rescues people from burning buildings and puts out fires. A dermatologist's job is to diagnose and treat skin diseases. Some jobs pay very little.

The International Labour Organization was established to make people's job conditions better. It became an organization of the United Nations in 1946.


Crop

Crops are living plants grown by farmers. Most crops are foods such as grain, vegetables, or fruit. Some crops are for drugs, such as quinine, or fibers such as cotton, or other materials such as rubber or wood. Farms are usually made to grow just one kind of crop. Crops are domesticated plants, most of which have been selected to improve their size, taste and other qualities. Many crops are farmed in monoculture. Growing crops is a part of agriculture.

The following crops are very important as food to humans (The numbers shows the kcal of a person for a day). 


Proletariat

The proletariat (often shortened to ""prole"" in slang) is a term used by communists for a segment of society. It describes the class of workers in urban areas who work in industry or manufacturing. These urban workers are different from the peasants, who are workers who do farming jobs in rural areas. Someone is who part of the proletariat class is called a proletarian. 

The political way of thinking of communism states that the proletariat should have a revolution and take over the means of production. They are often sarcastically referred to as "wage-slaves." 

The proletariat is the laboring bulk of society that does most of the useful, necessary work, and pays most of the taxes. It is also perceived by capitalists as being necessary for those reasons: labor and taxes, plus being available to exploit to produce profits.

The word proletariat comes from the Latin word "proletarius", which means "maker of offspring". In Ancient Rome, the "proletarii" were the people who were so poor that the only form of property that they had were their children, who could be used as soldiers.

Karl Marx used the word "proletariat" to describe people who did not own the means of productions (such as factories and land) and had to work for others for a wage. He thought the proletariat class could overthrow the capitalist system and society more just. He learned about the word while studying Roman law in Berlin. In Marxist theory, the lumpenproletariat ("rag-proletariat" in German) were a class of people who were not interested in revolution.

Marx believed that the bourgeoisie exploited the proletariat.


Ohio River

The Ohio River is the one of the most important tributaries to the Mississippi River. It is 981 miles long and it forms boundaries for the states of Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, and West Virginia before finally going to its headwaters in Pennsylvania. It is its widest a little to the West of downtown Louisville, where it is one mile wide. Cities on the Ohio River include Evansville, Indiana, Paducah, Kentucky, Cincinnati, Ohio, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The river begins in Pittsburgh. The Wabash, Kentucky and the Tennessee Rivers flow into the Ohio.


Croatia

Croatia ( ) is a unitary democratic parliamentary republic in Central and Southeastern Europe. Croatia has been influenced by powers from both regions at varying points in its history. Its capital and largest city is Zagreb. Croatia is a part of the Balkans, and was one of the republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It became independent in 1991. It joined the European Union on 1 July 2013.

In earlier times, the land now known as Croatia was inhabited by different kinds of humans including Neanderthals and Neolithic cultures. In Roman times, seafaring pirates known to the Romans as the Dalmatian Tribes lived there, as the Histri, Liburni and the Delmatae. The Romans conquered and annexed the territory in 9 AD, calling it the province of "Dalmatia," named after these tribes. During more than 400 years of Roman rule, the province of Dalmatia would become Romanized. The Roman invaders mixed with the natives and their descendants adopted a Roman lifestyle even after the collapse of the Roman state in 476 AD.

In the early seventh century AD, pagan West Slavs named the Croats (where Croatia gets its name) came to live in the former province of Dalmatia when they conquered the people already living there. However, they would soon be influenced by Roman Catholic Christian missionaries who completed the process of Christianization in the early 9th century. From the time of the crowning of Tomislav in 925 as the first King of Croatia, Croatia would become its own independent Catholic kingdom until 1102, when a Hungarian prince inherited the Croatian throne. The Hungarians would rule as Kings of Croatia until the early modern period, when the last Hungarian king of Croatia Louis II was killed at the Battle of Mohacs in 1526 and the kingdom chose the Austrian Archduke Ferdinand as king the next year.

Croatia would remain as a part of the empire of Austria-Hungary under Ferdinand's descendants until 1918. In 1918 it became a part of Kingdom of Slovenians, Croats and Serbs, later named Yugoslavia which was occupied in World War II.
After a short war with Italy a fascist dictatorship formed the Independent State of Croatia in 1941, but it was not independent from the control of Nazi Germany (see also Jasenovac concentration camp).

In 1945, Croatia became a part of new Yugoslavia (Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) which was non-aligned after breaking connections with Eastern Bloc. It collapsed in 1991 as initially Slovenia, than Croatia, later other republics claimed independence and became parliamentary democracies. War with Yugoslavia made a strong impact on society in economic, political and cultural terms. Civil society and media that came out of anti-war struggle in Croatia grew against nationalism, media and civil freedoms, later also corruption.

The country's democratic development around 2000, made it possible for Croatia to finally join Slovenia as only the second republic to become the European Union member on 1 July 2013.

In recent decades Croatia is increasingly popular tourist destination, especially the coastal regions of Dalmatia and Istria.

Croatia is in Central and Southeast Europe, bordering Hungary to the northeast, Serbia to the east, Bosnia and Herzegovina to the south-east, Montenegro to the south-east, the Adriatic Sea to the south-west and Slovenia to the northwest. It lies mostly between latitudes 42° and 47° N and longitudes 13° and 20° E. Part of the territory in the extreme south surrounding Dubrovnik is a practical exclave connected to the rest of the mainland by territorial waters, but separated on land by a short coastline strip belonging to Bosnia and Herzegovina around Neum. Croatia is divided into 21 counties.

Croatia is the 127th largest country in the world. The highest point is the Dinara peak at . Thousands of islands are part of Croatia. 48 have people living there year-round. The largest islands are Cres and Krk. Major rivers are the Sava, Drava, Kupa and Danube.

There are many deep caves in Croatia. 49 of which are deeper than . Croatia's most famous lakes are the Plitvice lakes.

Most of Croatia has a moderately warm and rainy continental climate. Average temperature ranges between (in January) and (in July). The coldest parts of the country are Lika and Gorski Kotar. The warmest are at the Adriatic coast.

There are several ecoregions in Croatia. The coastline, forests, mountains, and rivers give Croatia diverse flora and fauna. There are more than a thousand endemic species.

Croatia is home to the only known aquatic cave vertebrate—the olm.

There are 444 protected areas of Croatia. Those include eight national parks, two strict reserves, and ten nature parks. The oldest national park in Croatia is the Plitvice Lakes National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Croatia adopted its constitution in 1990. It declared independence from Yugoslavia on 8 October 1991.

The President of the Republic is the head of state. The President is directly elected to a five-year term. The Constitution limits the President to a maximum of two terms. Zoran Milanović became president in 2020.
The Prime Minister of Croatia is the head of government. Since 2016, the prime minister of the government is Andrej Plenković.

Croatia is one of the richest countries of the Balkan Peninsula and of the former Yugoslavia's countries. But Croatia had also the highest cost prices of the whole Central Europe. The average monthly salary/wages in Croatia standing on 739 euro or nearly US$1000.

The retirement age for men is 65 years and for women 60 years.
The health care enjoys relative strong protection for the country's inhabitants.

Education is free and required until the child reaches the age of 15. Many choose to continue their studies in high school until the age of 18.

After the war that devastated the country, Croatia has rebuilt its infrastructure, revitalizing its image as a Mediterranean country with crystal clear waters, medieval cities that mix western and eastern architecture, respect for the environment and traditions with the arrival of tourism. Dubrovnik has become the most characteristic symbol of this new Croatia that is strongly committed to European tourism. It is developing a type of tourism based on sustainability, in which culture, gastronomy and nature coexist with the visitor, offering them the experience of discovering Croatia as part of it.

There are many reasons to visit Croatia. Its six UNESCO World Heritage sites : Dubrovnik's Old Town (undoubtedly one of the most beautiful cities in Europe), the Diocletian's Palace in Split, the historic core of Trogir, the Cathedral of St. James of Sibenik, the Plitvice Lakes National Park, or the Episcopal Ensemble of the Euphrasian Basilica in the Historic Center of Porec (Istria) .

Nature is another attractive source of tourism in Croatia. Its eight National Parks and ten Natural Parks with their varied fauna and flora show all their splendor, with a coastline that winds from the Istria Peninsula to the south of Dalmatia, leaving beautiful coves, beaches, and cliffs. The islands, such as Hvar or Korcula, in Dalmatia or Rab and Losinj in Kvarner Bay, which are sometimes grouped together in archipelagos as interesting as those of Brijuni or Kornati, they host millions of tourists who seek peace or the possibility of practicing nudism, so associated with Croatia, in its crystalline waters. More than a thousand islands and islets that make up the Adriatic Coast, a paradise for those who love sailing and seek to cross the Adriatic by Sailboat .

The variety of the tourist offer in Croatia goes beyond the beautiful cities Dubrovnik, Zagreb or Split.



El Alamein

El Alamein is a town in Egypt. It is most famous for being the place where the British-led Allies won the Second Battle of El Alamein against the Nazis during World War II. The town has a railroad station, which was important to all of the battles that have happened there.

Otis Redding

Otis Ray Redding Jr. (September 9, 1941 - December 10, 1967) was an American singer and songwriter. He was an African American who was born in Dawson, Georgia. He wrote and sang many popular songs. He was killed in a plane crash at the age of 26 in Madison, Wisconsin. Shortly after his death, his song "Sittin' on the Dock of The Bay", went to # 1 on the charts. His music was magnificent and his songs moved many. He was a great man and a talented artist. 

He wrote the song, "Respect", which became a smash hit for Aretha Franklin.

Black Forest

The Black Forest (German: Schwarzwald) is a world famous forest in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Important towns are (from north to south): Pforzheim, Calw, Baden-Baden, Offenburg, Freudenstadt, Horb, Villingen-Schwenningen, Titisee-Neustadt and Waldshut-Tiengen. The highest mountain is the Feldberg (1492m).

The Black Forest is quite popular for hiking, skiing and Nordic walking. In Triberg, at the lake Titisee and in other places you can buy the famous cuckoo clocks. A good way to get known to the Black Forest is to travel on the "Deutsche Uhrenstraße," a "National Scenic Byway."


Frankie Avalon

Frankie Avalon (born Francis Thomas Avallone, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 18, 1939) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his starring roles in a series of beach movies in the 1960s. He was known as a teen idol. 

Celebrity chef

A celebrity chef is a chef who is well known for their cooking, kinds of food, and style of preparation. Many celebrity chefs become famous through television appearances, publishing cookbooks, or having their own restaurant.

Some "celebrity chefs" are:



Huntz Hall

Henry "Huntz" Hall (August 15, 1919 - January 30, 1999) was a well-known American actor. He was best known as Dippy in the Dead End Kids series. He made 78 movies.


Robert Peel

Sir Robert Peel (5 February 1788 – 2 July 1850) was a British politician. He established many well-known laws in Britain including the police force, and had a brief term as Prime Minister. 

In 1834, he founded the Conservative Party out of the old Tory party which was founded in 1678. Peel was a very clever politician in his own right. However, he went against his party in 1846 by repealing the Corn Laws. After this the party split and were not in power for the next 28 years.

In 1835 he published the Tamworth Manifesto, which told people how he wanted the government to be run. He came to power in 1841, defeating the Whig government of Lord Melbourne, and ruled the country until 1846. During this time, Peel's popularity with other party members became lower because many of them thought he was too proud, and disliked the way he changed his mind over some important issues, often without telling them first. The defeat of his Conservative Party in 1846 was followed by a brief period in the House of Commons until his death in 1851, in a horse riding accident.

Peel is one of the famous people who appears on the cover of The Beatles Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album. 

Main Achievements 

Sir Robert Peel is most famous for creating the British Police Force. Early police men were sometimes called "Peelers" because he created them. He was born in Bury, 1788 - the town he was born in is so proud of him they built him a tower on Holcombe hill. 

Herodotus

Herodotus ( ; , ; ) was an Ancient Greek historian. He was born in Halicarnassus, a town in south-west Asia Minor (now Bodrum, Turkey)

Herodotus was called the "Father of History" by Cicero. He wrote about the ancient empires of Babylon, Egypt, and Persia, and about the Ancient Greeks.

During his life, Herodotus probably told his stories in front of large numbers of people in Greek cities. Some men at the time did this for pay. He is now most famous for his writings about the wars between the Persian Empire and the Greek city-states. He told the story from the Greek side, although the war was mostly finished when he was still a child.

In his books, Herodotus tells us that he travelled a lot. He says that he went to what is now Italy (including Sicily), Ukraine, Egypt and Pakistan. He may also have travelled to Babylon in today's Iraq. He often used stories from people he met to write about other places and happenings.

Some people think that Herodotus wrote about things that were not true. That is possible, because he would have relied on information from various sources. His work is important because there is very little writing on these subjects before his works.

The works of Herodotus are available today in translations.


Chinook

A chinook is a warm westerly wind that sometimes flows over Canada's Rocky Mountains in the winter. It can raise temperatures in southern Alberta by twenty or thirty degrees in an hour. A chinook is caused when air flowing off the Pacific Ocean is raised by the mountains and heated as the water vapor in the air condenses. Then it is warmed more as it flows down the other side of the mountains and is compressed. It flows out over the prairie, and may travel as far as the eastern border of Alberta if it is especially strong. The chinook is also called "snow eater", because it can melt snow so quickly.

Etoumbi

Etoumbi is a town in a part of the Republic of the Congo called Cuvette-Ouest.

Recently, there were four outbreaks of the Ebola virus in Etoumbi. Some people think this is because the people that live there ate some dead animals from the forest. In 2003, 120 people died in an outbreak. Because of an outbreak in May, 2005 nobody was allowed in or out of the town.


Chad

Chad (; , officially called the Republic of Chad), is a landlocked country in Central Africa. The capital is N'Djamena. 

It was a French colony until 1960. It suffers from poverty, illness, drought, and armed conflicts. In 2011, the population of Chad was 11,535,000.

Arabic and French are the official languages. Islam and Christianity are the most widely practiced religions.

Chad has one of the highest levels of hunger in the world. Food insecurity is common in the country. 80% live in total poverty on less than a dollar a day, and 90% are unemployed in Chad. Chad has a low life expectancy. Life expectancy is 54 years old in Chad.

Chad is home to 134 kinds of mammals, 141 bird species, 52 kinds of reptiles, 30 amphibians and 130 kinds of fish. Many animals such as elephants, hippopotamuses, rhinoceroses, warthogs, giraffes, antelopes, lions, leopards, and cheetahs live in Chad.

Chad is the world's 21st-largest country. It is slightly smaller than Peru and slightly larger than South Africa. To the north is Libya, to the south is the Central African Republic, to the east is Sudan, and to the west are Cameroon, Nigeria, and Niger.

The country's capital is from the nearest seaport Douala, Cameroon. Due to this distance from the sea and the country's largely desert climate, Chad is sometimes called the "Dead Heart of Africa".

Lake Chad is the largest wetland in Chad and the second largest in Africa. Lake Chad was 7000 years ago. Now it is . Chad's highest peak is the Emi Koussi in the Sahara.

The region's tall grasses and large amount of marshes make it good for birds, reptiles, and large mammals. Chad's major rivers are the Chari and Logone.

Since 2002, the Republic of Chad has been divided into regions. It was previously divided into prefectures, and then departments.

Below is a list of the 23 regions as of 2012.
<section begin=table />

<section end=table />ad since 2012

The largest cities in Chad are:

Chad's official languages are Arabic and French, but over 100 languages and dialects are spoken. Due to the important role of Arab traders and merchants, Chadian Arabic has become a lingua franca, a language for all to use.

Attending primary school is required in Chad, though only about 50% of children attend school. Adult literacy is only 35%.

The University of N'Djamena provides higher education.

Anal sex

Anal sex is a sex act performed on the anus. Anal sex can involve a penis inserted in the anus, oral stimulation of the anus, using fingers for penetration and using different objects for stimulation.

The anus is a part of the body that is tight and cannot lubricate itself. Because of this, a person should be careful not to damage the walls of this organ if inserting something. Lubrication is often used which can be oil or water-based and is sold commercially.

For a man, pleasure can come from the stimulation of the prostate that is found near the anus. For women, it can come from indirect stimulation of the clitoral legs/G-Spot or the cervix. Both men and women can get pleasure from anal sex because the anus has many nerve endings.

1248

Year 1248 (MCCXLVIII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.


Honor Blackman

Honor Blackman (22 August 1925 – 5 April 2020) was an English actress. She was born in Plaistow, Essex. She is best known for her roles in the movie "Goldfinger" and on the television programmes, "The Avengers" and "The Upper Hand" (the British version of "Who's the Boss").

Blackman died at her home in Lewes on 5 April 2020. She was 94.

Hamlet

The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is a tragedy play by William Shakespeare. It is one of his best-known plays, and many lines have become famous quotations. The play is often just called Hamlet. 

"Hamlet" was written between 1600 and 1602, and first printed in 1603. With 4042 lines and 29551 words, Hamlet is the longest Shakespearean play. The play was based on another play also named "Hamlet", which is unfortunately now lost, unlike the other Hamlet.

Hamlet is a young prince in Denmark who was supposed to become king when his father (also named Hamlet) died. Instead, Hamlet's uncle Claudius took the throne for himself and married Hamlet's mother, Gertrude. Hamlet meets a ghost of his dead father, who tells him that he was poisoned by Claudius. The ghost demands that Hamlet kill Claudius in revenge.

Hamlet is at first not sure whether to believe the ghost, so he tries to investigate. He pretends to be mad to hide what he is doing. As the play goes on, it becomes hard to tell if Hamlet is actually mad or still just pretending. His behaviour causes him to fall out with Ophelia, a girl he was in love with. He eventually has the idea of getting some actors to put on a play about a king being killed, in the same way that the ghost described, to see how Claudius reacts. Claudius panics when he sees the play, and Hamlet sees this as proof that his uncle is a murderer.

Hamlet has a chance to kill Claudius in the castle chapel, but cannot bring himself to do it. He instead visits his mother, and they have an argument because Hamlet is unhappy that she married Claudius. Someone moves behind a curtain and Hamlet, thinking it is Claudius, stabs him. It turns out that he has killed Polonius, a royal advisor and Ophelia's father. Claudius orders Hamlet to be exiled to England. He sets up a plot to have Hamlet killed, but Hamlet escapes and returns to Denmark. Meanwhile, Ophelia has been suffering from madness after falling out with Hamlet. After learning that he has killed her father, she drowns herself. Hamlet arrives at Ophelia's funeral and gets into a fight with her brother Laertes. Laertes blames Hamlet for the deaths of his sister and father, and wants revenge. He challenges Hamlet to a swordfight. Hamlet agrees.

The swordfight is arranged to take place at the castle. To get Hamlet killed, Claudius gets Laertes to fight with a sword that has poison on the blade, and brings some poisoned wine in case this does not work. The swordfight begins. After some fighting, Laertes wounds Hamlet and poisons him. After more fighting, they drop their swords and Hamlet ends up fighting and wounding Laertes with the poisoned sword. Laertes shows regret for what he has done and tells Hamlet about the poison as he dies. Meanwhile, Gertrude drinks the poisoned wine by mistake and dies. Realising that he is also dying, Hamlet stabs Claudius with the poisoned sword and forces him to drink the rest of the wine. In his last moments, Hamlet tells his friend Horatio that Fortinbras, a Norwegian prince, should be named as the next King of Denmark.

The characters in the story are:

Hamlet is one of the hardest parts for an actor to perform. It is one of the largest roles written by Shakespeare. Many people disagree about what Hamlet is really thinking. For many actors, playing Hamlet is one of the most important parts of their career.

There have been many movies made of the play. Most of them show only part of the play, because the entire play is very long. Some of the most famous movies include:


Director

A director is someone who is in charge of something. It can mean slightly different things in different places.


1605

1605 was a common year.

Bias

Bias means that a person prefers an idea and possibly does not give equal chance to a different idea. Bias can be influenced by a number of factors, such as popularity (for example, a newspaper might be biased towards a particular political party due to their employees sharing the same political beliefs as that party). 

Bias in an article or editorial would show one point of view, using selected facts and quotes to support that point of view. Facts or opinions that do not support the point of view in a biased article would be excluded. For example, an article biased toward riding a motorcycle would show facts about the good gas mileage, fun, and agility. An article biased against motorcycle riding would show facts about risk of injury and noise, and ignore positive facts about motorcycles.

An article biased against guns would show only facts and information that support the author's position. They would list suicides, accidental shootings and other facts showing guns in a negative way. An article biased for guns should show only information that supports the author's position. The positively biased article would discuss 'lives saved' by guns, numbers of crimes prevented by civilian gun use, and other facts and data that put gun ownership and guns in a good light.

Bias in writing can also be shown by using bad or slang words to refer to groups of people or things. "Broads" rather than "women"; "murdercycles" rather than "motorcycles". Words or phrasing that make wide assumptions about races or groups of people also indicates bias. "All Chinese people are good at math". 

Bias also means mistakes in measurements. For example, a person may measure the height of another person wearing shoes. The shoes make the height more than the same person without shoes. If the extra height of the shoes (extra bias) was not explained, someone might think that the person had been measured without shoes on. Data with extra parts not explained is called biased data.



1701

1701 was a common year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar. It was the first year of the 18th century.


Harpsichord

Harpsichords are keyboard instruments that make sound by having the strings plucked with a plectrum. They are thought to have originated when a keyboard was attached to a psaltery. This makes them different from a clavichord where the strings are hit. The piano is therefore closer to a clavichord than a harpsichord. On a piano it is possible to play louder or quieter by playing the keys with more or less force. On a harpsichord the volume (playing louder or softer) cannot be controlled by the way it is played. However, some large harpsichords have several "stops", each one giving a different kind of sound. The largest harpsichords have two manuals (keyboards) which gives more variety. It makes it possible for the right hand to play the tune on one manual while the left hand plays an accompaniment more quietly on the other.

Some small harpsichords were called "virginals", perhaps because they were played by young girls. There are also spinets which were very small and sometimes wing-shaped. They could be picked up and put on a table.

Harpsichords were very important in music from the Renaissance and Baroque periods. They were used as solo instruments as well as to accompany an orchestra. Some of the most famous composers of harpsichord music are William Byrd (1543-1623), François Couperin (1668-1733), Domenico Scarlatti (1685-1757) and Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750). The last of these composers wrote "The Well-Tempered Clavier", which has a prelude and fugue in every major and minor key. It is said that Bach wrote this collection of music to show how keyboard instruments like the harpsichord can be tuned in a way to make playing in any key possible.

The Kingston Trio

The Kingston Trio was a folk music group from Palo Alto, California who were popular in the 1950s and 1960s.

The Passion of the Christ

The Passion of the Christ is the title of a movie that was produced and directed by Mel Gibson based on sister Catherine Emmerich's visions. It was released in 2004. The movie shows the last 24 hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth (called by his followers Jesus Christ) as told in the Gospel accounts contained in the New Testament that Christians regard as a part of the Holy Bible.

"The Passion of the Christ" was unusual and controversial for many reasons. All of the speech was in three languages that were spoken at the time of Jesus: Latin, Greek and Hebrew. The movie spent a lot of time showing details of the suffering and death of Jesus, with lots of violent scenes. Mel Gibson said that this was a realistic showing of what happened, though others thought it showed too much violence.

Jewish groups and Christians objected to the movie because it showed the Jewish leaders arranging to have Jesus killed. There were also other depictions in the film of Jews that many Jews and Christians felt was controversial. They said that this would cause people to think that modern-day Jews were guilty because of this and increase antisemitism and inaccurate beliefs of Jews. The movie makers said that this was not their intention, however criticism from both sides continued and still persists to this day.

Mel Gibson was unable to get support from movie studios for this movie, and so supplied the money for it (around $25 million) mostly himself. The movie made much more money than expected -around $370 million.

Depression

Depression might mean:


Cavalry

Historically, cavalry have been soldiers who fought while riding horses. In modern times, "cavalry" means the branch of the military that fight in armored vehicles such as tanks. They differ from the infantry in that the Infantry fight on foot.

Soldiers have fought on horses ever since people have ridden horses. Before that, they fought in chariots pulled by horses. Because horses are strong, cavalry troops can wear more armor than infantry and carry heavier weapons. Because horses are fast, cavalry can ride into battle more quickly than infantry.

Zachary Taylor

Zachary Taylor (November 24, 1784 – July 9, 1850) was the 12th president of the United States. He served as president from 1849 until his death in 1850. He was a second cousin to James Madison.

Taylor was a general in the United States Army. He led an army during the Mexican-American War. He was selected by the Whigs to be their candidate because he was a famous general. He was the last President to own slaves while in office.

During his term, slavery was a big issue because the Northerners wanted no slavery in the U.S. and wanted to stop newly formed states from allowing slavery. The southerners believed that they had the right to keep their slaves and people feared that they would choose to not be a part of the United States anymore (which they would eventually do in 1860).

Taylor did not like the idea of the southern states leaving the United States at all. He threatened to use military force against them if they were to do that.

Taylor never voted until he was 62 years old. He was never a resident of a particular location in the United States long enough to register to vote.

Sixteen months into his presidency, Taylor died of cholera and his vice-president Millard Fillmore became president to take his place.

The Compromise of 1850 (a proposal several laws that would calm down the slavery issue by pleasing both the north and the south) was voted on in Congress shortly after his death. This was negotiated by Kentucky's Congressman, Henry Clay, who was a distant cousin of the Taylors and Lincolns.


Gianni Rodari

Gianni Rodari (October 23, 1920 in Omegna (Novara) - April 14, 1980 in Rome) was an Italian writer. He was famous for his books for children.

Montgomery, Alabama

Montgomery is the capital city of the state of Alabama in the United States. It is on the Alabama River. In 2020, 200,603 people lived there, making it the second-most populated city in Alabama after Birmingham which had 230,733. Huntsville, Alabama had only 215,000.

Montgomery was started on December 3, 1819 by merging New Philadelphia and East Alabama Town. The city became a county seat in 1822. On January 28, 1846, the state capital was moved from Tuscaloosa to Montgomery. For a few months in 1861 Montgomery was the capital of the Confederate States of America.



Omaha, Nebraska

Omaha is a major US city located in the state of Nebraska in the center of the United States. The city is home to 486,051 people, making it the 39th largest city in the United States as of 2020. It is also the state's largest city both in population and geography.

Omaha is known for its Indie music scene. Bright Eyes and 311 are some of the most well known bands to come out of the city. Local music venues include the Slowdown in NoDo and The Waiting Room in Benson.

Connor Oberst, lead singer of Bright Eyes, started Saddle Creek Records in Omaha. The label is named after a street in Midtown Omaha, despite the label being housed in downtown. Saddle Creek Records is the owner of the Slowdown.

Omaha is home to a number national and global headquarters including TD Ameritrade, Berkshire Hathaway, Con Agra Foods, Mutual of Omaha, Woodmen of the World, and Hayneedle. First National Bank of Omaha's headquarters are located downtown at One First National Place, the state's largest building. Billionaire Warren Buffett calls the city home and hosts the annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting at the Century Link Center in downtown Omaha.

The city hosts the College World Series every year at TD Ameritrade Park, since 2011. The series was formerly hosted at Rosenblatt Stadium prior to its condemnation in September 2010 and subsequent demolition in late 2012. The Series was first held in Omaha in 1947.

Omaha has a humid continental climate (Dfa in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are hot and quite wet; winters are cold and quite dry.

Toledo, Spain

Toledo is a city in Spain with a population of 85,000. It is a historical city with a lot of monuments. The city was important from the Roman period to the 18th century. It is the capital of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha and the Toledo province. Many famous people and artists were born or lived in this city, including Garcilaso de la Vega, Alfonso X and El Greco. A city in Ohio was named after this.


Tommy Tutone

Tommy Tutone was a 1980s pop music group. They are best known for their 1982 song "867-5309-Jenny".



Judas Priest

Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band. They formed in Birmingham, England in 1969. They have sold over 50 million albums. They are famous for having two guitar players, named Glenn Tipton and K.K. Downing. The singer, Rob Halford, left the band in the early 1990s because of problems with the other people in the band. He came back to the band in 2003.

On 7 December 2010, the band said they would play their last concert tour during 2011. They are still a band since saying that. Since then, they have made two albums: "Redeemer of Souls" and "Firepower". In 2022, they became members of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Judas Priest used to be a different band to the one that is together now. The lead singer for this old band was named Al Atkins. Around the same time, guitar player K.K. Downing and bass player Ian Hill put together their own band named Freight. When they were looking for a lead singer, they found Al Atkins. Atkins' band had broken up by then, and he suggested that K.K. and Ian should rename Freight to Judas Priest. They kept using the name even after Atkins left in 1973.

When the band was looking for another singer, Ian Hill discovered the singing talents of his girlfriend's brother, Rob Halford. He joined the band.

During the seventies, the band went through several drummers, including Alan Moore, John Hinch, Simon Phillips and Les Binks.

Before Judas Priest recorded their first album, a second guitar player, Glenn Tipton, joined the band. Their first album, "Rocka Rolla", came out in 1974. It was not very successful, probably because it didn't have many of the songs that the band were known for playing in live concerts back in those days. They would later be on the band's next album, "Sad Wings of Destiny" in 1976. That album was followed up by "Sin After Sin" in 1977. These three albums had a hard rock and psychedelic style that was familiar to bands like Led Zeppelin.

The band's fourth album, "Stained Class", sounded more like rock music. This was the first album to have drummer Les Binks, who had a drumming style that was liked by many fans. It is thought of as important for improving the band's sound. Their fifth album, "Killing Machine" (called Hell Bent for Leather in America because of the original title suggesting murder) also sounded more like rock. It had shorter songs than "Stained Class". "Hell Bent for Leather" from the album is one of the band's more popular songs. Les Binks left after this album.

It was also during the late 1970s and early 1980s that Rob Halford started putting together stage costumes made of leather and studs. This was done to express that he was gay. He felt like he needed to keep this from the fans in case it would hurt the band's popularity, and he did not come out until 1998. The style was not thought at the time by fans to be a symbol of homosexuality, and it was copied by many other metal bands.

Les was replaced by Dave Holland, who drummed with the band on all their albums in the 1980s. The band gained much more fame with album #6 in 1980, called "British Steel". The album is said to be important for building on what we know as the heavy metal sound and is one of their most popular, including hit songs like "Metal Gods" "Breaking the Law" and "Living After Midnight". The next album, Point of Entry, didn't do as well.

The band's eighth album, "Screaming For Vengeance", was a return to success. It had the hits "Electric Eye" and "You've Got Another Thing Coming". They then released "Defenders of the Faith", which had a similar style.

The band's tenth album, called "Turbo", had more of a pop-metal sound with synthesizers on all the songs and lyrics with sexual themes. This is best demonstrated in the first song "Turbo Lover". It received mixed critic reviews who had doubts about the change in sound. The next album, Ram It Down, mixed the pop metal sound of Turbo with the heavy metal sound of the band's more popular albums.

Dave Holland left the band in 1989, and was replaced with the American Scott Travis - the first non British person to play for the band.

In the summer of 1990, the band was involved in a trial where they were blamed for causing two young men to try to kill themselves. These men were 20-year-old James Vance and 18-year-old Raymond Belknap, both American. On 23 December 1985, Vance and Belknap, after hours of drinking beer, smoking weed and listening to Judas Priest, went to a playground at a church with a shotgun to kill themselves. Belknap died instantly after shooting himself, but Vance survived with a disfigured face. Vance died three years later.

Their parents thought they heard "do it" being sung in the band's song "Better By You, Better Than Me" from "Stained Class" (actually a cover of a Spooky Tooth song). They said the words in the song made them shoot themselves. The trial was dismissed in August 1990 when Rob Halford played a clip from their song called Exciter in reverse, so it sounded like Halford was singing "I asked her for a peppermint, I asked her to get one" (the actual words were "Stand by for exciter, salvation is his task"). He did this to show how any reverse messages in their songs suggesting suicide were accidental.

The band released one of their most popular albums in 1990 called "Painkiller". The title song did very well and is a popular Judas Priest song. Fans and critics liked Scott Travis' fast and heavy drumming style, feeling it was better than the more simple slower drumming of Dave Holland.

Halford wanted to make heavier music in the style of newer bands like Pantera, but the band wanted to carry on with the style they were playing. Halford and the rest of the band started arguing which led to his leaving of the band, starting new bands called Fight and 2wo.

The band didn't play together for a few years, until 1996 when they found American singer Tim Owens, who nicknamed himself 'Ripper' after an early Priest song. Owens had been playing in a Priest tribute band before joining the actual band.

They released "Jugulator" in 1997. The album was a lot heavier and darker than Painkiller and had lyrics describing the end of the world. Reviews were negative about Owens' singing style and the heavier musical style.

Halford and the rest of Judas Priest started speaking again after K.K., Glenn and Ian were invited to a wedding of a relative of Halford's. KK and Ian attended and made up with Halford.

However, Tim Owens was still in the band until 2003, bringing out "Demolition" in 2001. The album has a larger variety of musical styles than Jugulator, but was no more successful.

Their next album was "Nostradamus" in 2008, which was a concept album (an album telling a story) about a prophet, also called Nostradamus. Reviews were more critical, with negativity towards the album's length of two discs.

Around 2010, media reported that the band planned to break up after one last tour. However, eventually, the band confirmed that they would not be breaking up after the tour but would be doing a lot less touring. K.K. Downing left the band in 2011, after 41 years. He was replaced by Richie Faulkner.

During the tour, the band played at least one song from every studio album apart from the two with Ripper Owens.

The band made a new album after the tour called "Redeemer of Souls", which came out in 2014. The band are still touring although their tours will not last as long due to the elderly ages of some of the band members.


Palo Alto, California

Palo Alto is a city in the American state of California in Santa Clara County that has a population of about 65,000 people. It is the birthplace of the region called Silicon Valley and includes Stanford University. It is the home of many innovators and entrepreneurs. "Palo Alto" means "tall stick" in Spanish after a famous redwood, El Palo Alto, along the banks of San Francisquito Creek. The tree was struck by lightning in 1955 but much of it remains standing. The tree is over 1,080 years old. A diverse population thrives in a city known for its schools, parks, libraries, restaurants and mild climate. 

Palo Alto is where Apple CEO, Steve Jobs died on October 5, 2011.

Everly Brothers

Phil and Don Everly (Phil January 19, 1939 – January 3, 2014 and Don February 1, 1937 – August 21, 2021) were two brothers from the U.S. state of Iowa. They started performing in the 1950s and had a lot of famous songs in the 1950s and 1960s. They are considered very influential in rock and roll.

Don was born in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky. He died on August 21, 2021 in Nashville, Tennessee of heart attack at the age of 84.

Phil was born in Chicago, Illinois. He died at age 74 on January 3, 2014 in Burbank, California from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.


42

42 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Piso.






Willie Nelson

Willie Hugh Nelson (; born April 29, 1933) is an American country music singer-songwriter, as well as an author, poet, actor, and activist.

In 1961, a song that he wrote was recorded by Faron Young, and became a number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart. In 1975, he had his first number one song, as a singer, on "Billboard"s Hot Country Songs music chart.

Willie Nelson was born in Abbott, Texas on April 29, 1933, during the Great Depression to Myrle Marie (née Greenhaw) and Ira Doyle Nelson. He was born on April 29, 1933, but his birth was recorded by doctor F. D. Sims on April 30. He was named Willie by his cousin Mildred, who also chose Hugh as his middle name, in honor of her recently deceased younger brother. Nelson's ancestry includes English, Irish, and Cherokee. His parents moved from Arkansas in 1929, to look for work. Nelson's grandfather, William, worked as a blacksmith, while his father worked as a mechanic. His mother left soon after he was born, and his father remarried and also moved away, leaving Willie and his sister Bobbie to be raised by their grandparents. The Nelsons, who taught singing back in Arkansas, started their grandchildren in music. Nelson's grandfather bought him a guitar when he was six, and taught him a few chords, and with his sister Bobbie, he sang gospel songs in the local church. He wrote his first song at age seven, and when he was nine, played guitar for the local band Bohemian Polka. During the summer, the family picked cotton along with other citizens of Abbott. Nelson didn't like picking cotton, so he earned money by singing in dance halls, taverns, and honky tonks from age thirteen, and continuing through high school. Nelson's musical influences were Hank Williams, Bob Wills, Lefty Frizzell, Ray Price, Ernest Tubb, Hank Snow, Django Reinhardt, Frank Sinatra, and Louis Armstrong.

Nelson is the co-chair of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) advisory board.



Africa-Eurasia

Africa-Eurasia (also called Afro-Eurasia, Eurafrasia, Afrasia and the Old World) is the world's biggest landmass. Around 85% (approximately 5.5 billion) of the world population lives there. It is split between the two continents of Africa and Eurasia, the latter of which has been historically further subdivided into Asia and Europe. 

In geopolitics, the mainland of Africa-Eurasia (excluding islands such as the British Isles, Japan, Madagascar, and the Malay Archipelago) has been referred to as World Island.

The Old World includes Africa-Eurasia and its surrounding islands:


In geological terms, Africa-Eurasia (or Eurafrasia) may be a supercontinent if Africa collides with Europe. One estimate suggests it will happen in 600,000 years, when the southern tip of Spain reaches Africa. If this happens, the Mediterranean Sea will be isolated from the Atlantic Ocean. Africa is expected to collide with Europe completely in 50 million years, closing the Mediterranean.

1916

1916 (MCMXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.














Cemetery

A cemetery or a graveyard is a place, usually surrounded by a fence, where people bury dead bodies and honor the dead people. Many of them have gardens and other greenery in them to symbolise life and to honor those who are dead.


Linda Blair

Linda Blair (born January 22, 1959 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American actress. She is best known for her role in the movie "The Exorcist" (1973).

David Crosby

David Van Cortland Crosby (August 14, 1941 – January 18, 2023) was an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. He was most famous as a founding member of the bands The Byrds and Crosby, Stills, and Nash. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

In the 2020 presidential election, Crosby supported Vermont United States Senator Bernie Sanders.

Crosby died suddenly on the night of January 18, 2023 at his home in Santa Ynez, California. He was 81. The cause of death was problems caused by COVID-19.

Paul Harvey

Paul Harvey Aurandt (September 4, 1918 – February 28, 2009) was an American radio host. He was best known for his short radio program called "The Rest of the Story" that was broadcast on many radio stations in the United States. He worked in the radio industry from 1933 to 2009. He also had news programs two times a day, in which he would comment on the headlines and tell some odd news stories.

Harvey died on February 28, 2009 at a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona. His son, Paul Harvey Jr., said, "millions have lost a friend".

Carbon dioxide

Carbon dioxide (CO) is a chemical compound and is acidic. It is a gas at room temperature. It is made of one carbon and two oxygen atoms. People and most animals release carbon dioxide when they breathe out. Also, every time something organic is burnt (or a fire is made), it makes carbon dioxide. Plants use carbon dioxide to make food. This process is called photosynthesis. The properties of carbon dioxide were studied by the Scottish scientist Joseph Black in the 1750s.

Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas. Greenhouse gases trap heat energy. Greenhouse gases change the climate and weather on our planet, Earth. This is called climate change. Greenhouse gases are a cause of global warming, the rise of Earth surface temperature.

Its concentration in Earth's atmosphere since late in the Precambrian was regulated by photosynthetic organisms and geological phenomena (mainly volcanos).

Carbon dioxide is an end product in organisms that obtain energy from breaking down sugars, fats and amino acids with oxygen as part of their metabolism. This is a process known as cellular respiration. This includes most animals, many fungi and some bacteria. In higher animals, the carbon dioxide travels in the blood from the body's tissues to the lungs where it is breathed out. Plants take in carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to use in photosynthesis.

Dry ice, or solid carbon dioxide, is the solid state of CO gas below -109.3 °F (-78.5°C). Dry ice does not occur naturally on earth but is man made. It is colorless. People use dry ice to make things cold, and to make drinks fizzy, kill gophers, and freeze warts. The vapor of dry ice causes suffocation and eventually, death. Caution and professional assistance is recommended whenever dry ice is in use.

At usual pressure it will not melt from a solid to a liquid but instead changes directly from a solid to a gas. This is called sublimation. It will change directly from a solid to a gas at any temperature higher than extremely cold temperatures. Dry ice sublimates at normal air temperature. Dry ice exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that has no color. Carbon dioxide can be liquified at pressure above 5.1 atmospheres.

Carbon dioxide gas that comes off of dry ice is so cold that when it mixes with air it cools the water vapour in the air to fog, which looks like a thick white smoke. It is often used in the theater to create the appearance of fog or smoke.

Chemists can get carbon dioxide from cooling air. They call this air distillation. This method is inefficient because a large amount of air must be refrigerated to extract a small amount of CO2. Chemists can also use several different chemical reactions to separate carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide is made in the reactions between most acids and most metal carbonates. For example, the reaction between hydrochloric acid and calcium carbonate (limestone or chalk) makes carbon dioxide:

The carbonic acid (HCO) then decomposes to water and CO. Such reactions cause foaming or bubbling, or both. In industry, such reactions are used many times to neutralize waste acid streams.

Quicklime (CaO), a chemical that has widespread use, can be made heating limestone to about 850 °C. This reaction also makes CO:

Carbon dioxide is also made in the combustion of all carbon-containing fuels, such as methane (natural gas), petroleum distillates (gasoline, diesel, kerosene, propane), coal or wood. In most cases, water is also released. As an example the chemical reaction between methane and oxygen is:

Carbon dioxide is made in steel mills. Iron is reduced from its oxides with coke in a blast furnace, producing pig iron and carbon dioxide:

Yeast metabolizes sugar to produce carbon dioxide and ethanol, also known as alcohol, in the production of wines, beers and other spirits, but also in the production of bioethanol:

All aerobic organisms produce when they oxidize carbohydrates, fatty acids, and proteins in the mitochondria of cells. The large number of reactions involved are exceedingly complex and not described easily. (They include cellular respiration, anaerobic respiration and photosynthesis). Photoautotrophs (i.e. plants, cyanobacteria) use another reaction: Plants absorb from the air, and, together with water, react it to form carbohydrates:

Carbon dioxide is soluble in water, in which it spontaneously interconverts between CO and (carbonic acid). The relative concentrations of , and the deprotonated forms (bicarbonate) and (carbonate) depend on the acidity (pH). In neutral or slightly alkaline water (pH > 6.5), the bicarbonate form predominates (>50%) becoming the most prevalent (>95%) at the pH of seawater, while in very alkaline water (pH > 10.4) the predominant (>50%) form is carbonate. The bicarbonate and carbonate forms are very soluble. So, air-equilibrated ocean water (mildly alkaline with typical pH = 8.2–8.5) contains about 120 mg of bicarbonate per liter.

Industrial carbon dioxide is produced mainly from six processes:

Carbon dioxide can be created with a simple chemical reaction:

Intermission

An intermission or interval is a break in a performance of play or opera. An intermission may be twenty minutes or longer: time for people to have a drink and time for the performers to relax. Plays and operas are usually divided into acts. The intermission will come where there is a suitable break between the acts. There are a few operas (e.g. those by Richard Wagner) which are so long that there may be two intermissions.

David Duchovny

David Duchovny (born August 7, 1960) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Fox Mulder on the television series, "The X-Files". On August 13, 2007, his series "Californication" began airing on the Showtime television network.

Laramie, Wyoming

Laramie is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Albany County. Located in southeastern Wyoming, on the Laramie River, 49 miles (79 km) west of Cheyenne, surrounded by divisions of the Medicine Bow National Forest (headquartered at Laramie). It was founded in 1868 when several thousand persons made a settlement—a jumble of tents and shanties on the treeless plain between the Laramie and Medicine Bow ranges—during construction of the Union Pacific Railroad. Most of the builders moved on, leaving a handful to build a permanent city from a heretofore lawless settlement. 

Laramie’s growth was slow but steady. It attracted attention in 1870 as the site of the first “mixed” jury trial in the United States, when six women served on a grand jury. Its lawlessness further declined with the establishment, in 1873, of the Wyoming Territorial Prison. Humorist Bill Nye lived in Laramie; "The Boomerang", a newspaper that he helped found in 1881, is still published (as the "Laramie Daily Boomerang").

For years the search for precious metals in the Medicine Bow Mountains, 30 miles (48 km) to the west, provided employment. The railroad, cattle and sheep ranches, forest products, and the University of Wyoming (founded there in 1886) are important factors in the economy, as are tourism and cement making. The University Stock Farm is in the city, and the Geological Museum on the main campus exhibits a dinosaur skeleton discovered in the area. The university also maintains an art museum, an anthropology museum, and an insect museum.
Laramie city, river, plains, and mountains take their name from Jacques La Ramie, a French-Canadian fur trapper killed about 1819 by Indians on the river. The city’s attractions include Wyoming Territorial Park and the Laramie Plains Museum. Inc. 1874. Pop. (2000) 27,204; (2010) 30,816.

In 1998, Matthew Shepherd was murdered in this town.


Black Death

The Black Death was a pandemic in Europe and Asia during the 14th century. 

This outbreak of disease was at its worst between 1347 and 1351. 

It killed between 50 million and 100 million people across Europe.

Historians cannot be sure which disease caused the Black Death. However, most think that it was the bubonic plague. That is a bacterial infection caused by the "Yersinia pestis" species of bacteria.

The Black Death may have begun in Central Asia or East Asia. It definitely appeared in Crimea in 1347. It was probably carried by fleas living on black rats, which traveled on Genoan ships and brought the plague to port cities around the Mediterranean. Rats may also have traveled along trade routes like the Silk Road and brought infected fleas to European cities. When the fleas bit humans, they infected them with the plague by injecting a bit of "Y. pestis" bacteria into the wound. Symptoms would start three to seven days later.

Not everybody agrees that plague caused the Black Death. Some historians have suggested that anthrax or a viral hemorrhagic fever caused the pandemic.

The disease killed around a third of Europe's population, but some areas were less affected than others. There were 75 to 200 million people across Eurasia that died during the pandemic.

Until the 1700s, the plague seems to have reappeared in Europe at least once every generation. Some of the smaller plagues were more intense than others and caused more deaths. Later outbreaks include the Italian Plague of 1629–1631, the Great Plague of London (1665–1666), the Great Plague of Vienna (1679), the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720–1722, and the 1771 plague in Moscow. The most virulent form of the plague seems to have disappeared from Europe in the 18th century.

The Black Death had a very big effect on Europe's population. It changed Europe's social structure, which was a serious blow to the Roman Catholic Church and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews, Muslims, foreigners, beggars, and lepers. The uncertainty of daily survival influenced people to live for the moment, as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in "The Decameron" (1353).

At the time, 14th-century European writers called the pandemic the "Great Mortality". Later outbreaks made it become called the "Black Death".

The Black Death appears in some modern literature and media, used as a subject or a setting. For example, Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Masque of the Red Death" (1842) is set in an unnamed country during a fictional plague that shares many things in common with the Black Death.

Albert Camus's writings used that theme too. His novel "The Plague" (1947) was set against an outbreak of the plague in Algeria and discussed how people handle the epidemic.

In humans, the bubonic plague causes fevers, severe flu symptoms, and buboes. The last are large swellings filled with pus that usually appear in the groin, under the arms, on the thighs, and behind the ears. Buboes are black and purple, which may be how the Black Death got its name. The disease was painful, and many victims died horrible deaths.

The medical knowledge of the time was based on Hippocrates's theory of humorism, which said the body consists of different fluids. If they are in harmony, a person is healthy. If they are not, disease results. Very often, diseases were also seen as a punishment from God.

The theory of humorism did not explain why disease spreads from one person to another. Most people thought that infection was caused by "miasma" ("bad air")"." The bad air could come from within the earth and so cause the disease. Remedies against the disease included opening only north-facing windows, not sleeping during the day, and not working too hard.

In 1348, Philip VI of France asked the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Paris about the cause of the Black Death. It concluded that the pandemic had been caused by a bad conjunction of Jupiter, Saturn and Mars on 20 March 1345. Since that answer was based on astrology, many people believed it, and it was translated into many languages.

Because nobody understood what caused the plague, doctors had no effective treatments. Often, doctors simply told their patients to go to Confession so that their sins would be forgiven if they died. Eventually, the pandemic caused doctors to change their ideas about how the human body worked. Just 200 years later, Girolamo Fracastoro discovered that diseases spread through infection.

Twelve plague outbreaks in Australia between 1900 and 1925 caused over 1,000 deaths, mainly in Sydney. That led to a Public Health Department, which did some leading-edge research. It found that plague transmission from rat fleas to humans by the bacillus "Yersinia pestis".

Mongol forces used the plague as a biological weapon in 1347. That was one of the earliest uses of germ warfare in history.

In Crimea, Mongol forces were fighting for control of Caffa, a Black Sea port (now Feodosiya, Ukraine). At the time, Caffa was a Genoese trade centre. Mongol forces began a siege. During the siege, they are reported to have catapulted plague-infested bodies over the walls into the city. Genoans fled the siege by using ships. Some historians believe the Caffa refugees brought the plague back to Italy with them, which started the pandemic.




Liverpool

Liverpool is a city in North West England, United Kingdom with a population of about 485,000 in 2015. It is part of the Liverpool-Birkenhead metropolitan area, the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the UK. The local government is Liverpool City Council.

Liverpool is on the eastern side of the River Mersey. It used to lie in the old area of West Derby in the south west of Lancashire. It became a borough in 1207 and a city in 1880. In 1889, it became separate from Lancashire. Liverpool's growth as a large port was matched by the growth of the city during the Industrial Revolution.

It was most famous as a port during the late 19th and early 20th century. It is the birthplace of the famous rock group The Beatles. It is also famous because of its football teams, Everton F.C. and Liverpool F.C.

People from Liverpool are called Liverpudlians or Scousers. People from Birkenhead are called "true Scousers" by some.

Liverpool became very important due to trade in sugar, tobacco and especially slaves. In 1818, the Black Ball Line, with a fleet of sailing ships, offered the first regular passenger service with emphasis on passenger comfort, from England to the United States.

In the 19th Century, transatlantic trade and passenger travel was served to destinations such as New York City from Liverpool by:
In 1830, Liverpool and Manchester became the first cities to have a railway connecting them to each other, the Liverpool and Manchester Railway. Not including airports in London, Liverpool Airport was the first airport in Britain opening in 1930. In 2008 it was awarded the title European Capital of Culture.

Liverpool is a city on the River Mersey, on the coast next to the Irish Sea. On the other side of the river Mersey is the Wirral. In 1846 the Albert Dock was opened and in 1988, turned into a shopping centre.

The city is the birthplace of the famous rock group The Beatles and the musical style Merseybeat. It has several art galleries, museums and theatres. The Tate Liverpool is a gallery of modern art, the Walker Art Gallery displays classical art, the Bluecoat and FACT exhibit contemporary art. Museums include the World Museum, the Maritime Museum and the Museum of Liverpool. There are two cathedrals, Liverpool Cathedral which is known as Anglican and Metropolitan Cathedral which is Catholic. There are two famous football clubs, Liverpool F.C. and Everton F.C. It has several parks including Sefton Park and Stanley Park.

Liverpool Airport opened in 1930, it was later renamed Liverpool John Lennon Airport. It has three tunnels under the River Mersey, one for trains and two (Queensway and Kingsway) for cars travelling to and from Wirral.
It has a local train network called Merseyrail and the station Liverpool Lime Street provides train travel to and from the rest of the United Kingdom. Until the 1950s it also had Liverpool Overhead Railway and Liverpool Corporation Tramways. Liverpool is connected to the West Coast Main Line railway connecting London, Birmingham, Manchester, Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Motorways running into Liverpool include the M62 from Manchester, the M58 and the M53 from Wirral. The inner ring road is Queens Drive and the outer ring road is the M57.
Liverpool Cruise Terminal opened in 2007 and provides travel to Europe. Regular ferries services operate to Wirral and the Isle of Man. River cruises operate down the Manchester Ship Canal and the Leeds Liverpool Canal also connects into Liverpool.

Liverpool has several universities;


There has been a lot of development work which is part of a regeneration plan for Liverpool. It is because Liverpool was the Capital of Culture for 2008.

1166

1166 (MCLXVI) was .



Serfdom

Serfdom is the forced labour of serfs in a feudal society. In medieval Europe, serfs were peasant farmers who worked without pay for a lord. In exchange, they got to live and work on the lord’s manor. They also got the lord’s protection.

Serfs had more rights than slaves (for example, serfs could own property). However, they were not completely free. They could not move, marry, or leave the manor without the lord’s permission. In most serfdoms, serfs were legally part of the land. If the land was sold, they were sold with it. Serfs worked in their lord’s fields. They sometimes did other things related to agriculture, like forestry and transportation (by both land and river). Some also worked in craft and manufacturing.

Serfdom developed from agricultural slavery in the Roman Empire. It spread through Europe around the 10th century. During the Middle Ages, most European people lived in serfdoms.

Serfdom lasted up to the 1600s in England and until 1789 in France. In most other European countries, serfdom continued until the early 19th century. 

Serfdom was unusual in the Russian Empire until the 18th century when it became widespread. Alexander II of Russia abolished it in 1861,

During the Middle Ages in Europe, monarchs, the Catholic Church, and the nobility owned all land. Serfs did not own land. Instead, they did manual labor for landowners in exchange for a place to live and work.

Most serfs were workers, but some were craftsmen - like the village blacksmith, miller or innkeeper.

Serfs had a feudal contract, just like a baron or a knight. A serf's feudal contract said that he would live and work on a piece of land owned by his lord. A serf was allowed to have their own home, fields, crops, and animals on the lord’s land. Serfs had some rights in the feudal contract. In return for their work, the serf would get protection.

During feudal times, people said that a serf "worked for all", a knight or baron "fought for all," and clergy "prayed for all." Serfs were in a lower social class than knights and barons. However, they were better off than slaves.

A manorial lord could not sell his serfs like Romans sold slaves. Serfs were legally tied to the land they worked on. If their lord sold his land, the serfs were sold along with the land. Serfs could not sell the land they lived on, and could not leave the manor without their lord’s permission. Often, they needed the lord’s permission before they could marry someone who was not also a serf for that lord.

A free man usually became a serf because he owed a large debt. He would make an agreement with the lord of the land. The lord would keep him safe, give money to pay his debt, and give him land to work on. In return, he would work for the lord. All his children would become serfs.

Serfs had to pay taxes to their lord. The lord would decide how much each serf had to pay, based on the size of the land the serf lived on. Usually, serfs had to pay 1/3 of their land’s value in taxes. When the lord was fighting a war, serfs also had to pay wartime taxes.

Money was not very common during the Middle Ages. Serfs usually paid their lord by giving food and working without pay. Usually, serfs spent five or six days a week working for their lord. On these days, the lord would give his serfs better food. However, serfs had to do the lord’s work before they could do their own work. When the lord’s crops needed to be harvested, the serf’s own crops needed to be harvested too. Still, the serf could not harvest his own food until he had done his required work for the lord.

At different times in the year, serfs would do different things. A serf might plough his lord's fields, harvest crops, dig ditches, or repair fences. The rest of his time he could take care of his own fields, crops and animals.

There were strange tests to decide if something was good enough to be given for taxes. A chicken, for example, had to be able to jump over a fence. That showed that the chicken was young and healthy.

Lords also required serfs to pay fines when they did certain things. For example, a serf would have to pay a fine:


When a serf died, his children could only stay on the land if they gave the lord their best animal.

Serfs had to pay to use the lord’s grain mill. Many serfs thought this was unfair. Millers charged a fee called multure, which was usually 1/24 of the total grain milled. The serfs often thought the millers were not honest.

Many serfs had to use their lord’s ovens to bake their daily bread. They had to pay to use these ovens. They also had to pay to use the lord’s carts to carry their produce.

Serfs had some freedoms. They could get and keep property and money. Some serfs had more money and property than their free neighbours. Sometimes, serfs could buy their freedom.

The lord could not make serfs leave his land unless he had good reasons. The lord was supposed to protect them from criminals or other lords, and he was supposed to give them charity during famines.

Serfs could grow what they wanted on their lands. Sometimes they had to pay their taxes in wheat, which is difficult to grow. They could take the wheat they did not give for taxes to the market.

Mostly, serfs were subsistence farmers, eating what they grew. Their heirs usually got an inheritance.

The rules for serfdom were different at different times and places. In some places, serfdom changed into different types of taxation.

In the 13th-century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, serfs had to work two to three days a week for their landlords. In the 14th century, they had to work one day per week. In the 17th century, they had to work four days per week. In the 18th century, they had to work six days per week.

Sometimes, serfs had to be soldiers during war. They could earn their freedom or even become nobles as a reward for bravery in war.

Serfs could also gain their freedom in other ways. Sometimes they could buy their freedom. Enlightened or generous owners could free a serf (this is called manumission). Some serfs were able to flee to other towns or to newly settled land where people would not ask questions about the serf’s past. Laws varied from country to country. In England, a serf became free if he made his way to a chartered town and avoided being recaptured for a year and a day.

When people started to use money more, and barter became less important, serfdom began to change. Now lords could make money by renting their land. This was more profitable than getting unpaid work from serfs. Many lords "freed" their serfs when their work became less valuable than money.

Still, the serfs' lives were not seriously changed. They still had to farm their land, take care of their families, and pay their taxes. However, they could no longer be forced off their lands if they did not pay rent, or if their Lord decided he wanted to use their fields for a different purpose.

The helots in the ancient Greek city-state of Sparta worked like serfs. So did peasants working on government lands in ancient Rome. However, these workers were not called “serfs.” Instead, they were called coloni, meaning "tenant farmers.” When Germanic tribes took over the Roman Empire, they took the lands from the wealthy Romans. They became the new lords in the same economic system of serfdom.

Medieval serfdom in Western Europe began with the breakup of the Carolingian Empire around the 10th century. This empire had ruled most of western Europe for more than 200 years. After the empire broke up, Western Europe had no strong central governments for a long time. During this time, feudal lords worked to make serfdom the common way for people to live. Under serfdom, rich landlords could force other people to work for them and feed them. Serfs did most of the agricultural work in medieval Western Europe. Slavery did exist during this time, but it was not common. Usually slaves were only used to take care of people’s houses.

Some parts of Europe, including much of Scandinavia, never used serfdom or other feudal institutions.

Serfdom reached Eastern European countries later than Western Europe. It started in Russia around the 12th century, but was not common until several hundred years later. By the 17th century, serfdom was the most common relationship between Russian peasants and the nobility. It was most common in the central and southern areas of the Tsardom of Russia, and later the Russian Empire.

Serfdom in Ukraine, in other Cossack lands, in the Urals and in Siberia was rare until the reign of Catherine the Great (r. 1762–1796). At that time, it spread to Ukraine. Noblemen began to send their serfs into Cossack lands in an attempt to harvest their extensive untapped natural resources.

Russian serfdom was different than in other Eastern European countries, because it was not changed by German law or by people coming from Germany. In Russia, serfdom and manorialism systems were enforced by the crown (the Tsar), not by the nobility.

By the 13th and 14th centuries, serfdom was becoming less common in Western Europe. The manorial system weakened as powerful monarchs took control, towns developed, and the economy improved. At the same time, there were more protests by serfs and peasants, like Wat Tyler’s Rebellion in England in 1381. This put pressure on the nobility and the clergy to change the system and make improvements. New ways of renting the land gave people more freedom. By the 15th and 16th centuries, serfdom was ending in Western Europe. As the economy continued to change, serfdom became less profitable than renting land for money. Other causes for the end of serfdom included changes in the population and laws about what lords could make their tenants do.

The Industrial Revolution also helped to end serfdom. Landowners began to put their money into industries, because they made more money this way than they did from having serfs. This caused urbanization. As towns got bigger, farmers wanted to move off of manors. They could make more money working in town than they could by working in a lord’s fields.

In England, serfdom ended around 1600. After the Renaissance, serfdom was not common in Western Europe. However, as serfdom was ending, chattel slavery was beginning in the English-speaking parts of the Western Hemisphere.

Serfdom existed in Russia until February 19, 1861. In Russian Baltic provinces, it ended in the beginning of the 19th century.


Some people say that planned economies, especially those based on Soviet-style Communist economics (like the Soviet collective farm system) are government-owned serfdom. Friedrich Hayek said this in his book "The Road to Serfdom".

Mikhail Gorbachev grew up in a kolkhoz. These were supposed to be collectives. There were also sovkhoz, which were state-owned. The government used a system of internal passports and household registration (like China's hukou system) to make people stay on their farms. They had to plant crops according to instructions from the central authorities, especially if they were on state-run farms. The state then bought their agricultural produce at low prices and invested heavily in industrialization. Gorbachev said this was much like being a serf.

This kind of serfdom lasted in Russia until 1974 (with a brief break during the Russian Civil War). USSR Government Decree #667 gave peasants identification documents, with an unrestricted right to move within the country, for the first time in Russian history. It is possible that a system like this still exists in rural China.




Refrigerator

A refrigerator is a machine used for keeping things cold. It is sometimes called a fridge or an icebox. It is normally maintained at 4-5 degree Celsius for household use. People put food and drinks in it, to keep those items cold or good (unspoiled) for a longer time. A refrigerator has a heat pump which takes heat away from the air inside the fridge. The heat is moved to the air outside. The heat pump is usually driven by an electric motor.
There are also ice boxes available that do not use electricity because they are filled with ice to provide the colder temperature. The ice can keep things cold until the ice melts. Ice boxes can be taken on camping trips. Sometimes they are called coolers. Refrigerator-sized iceboxes were used before electricity was available.

Most modern refrigerators are available in a variety of colours, although most are white. Smaller versions of the popular refrigerator are also used. They are mainly used in hotels and college dorm rooms.

A freezer is a special type of refrigerator that stores food at freezing temperatures. Inside a freezer, it is normally . Freezers can be found in household refrigerators, as well as in industry and commerce. When stored in a freezer, frozen food can be stored safely for a longer time than storing at room temperatures.

Domestic freezers can be a separate compartment in a refrigerator, or can be a separate appliance. Household refrigerators usually have a separate compartment where the heat pump is used to pump even colder temperatures to the contents. Most household freezers maintain temperatures from . Some freezer-only units can achieve and lower. Most household refrigerators generally do not achieve a temperature lower than , because it is difficult to control the temperature for two different compartments. This is because both compartments shares the same coolant loop. 

Domestic freezers normally stand upright, resembling refrigerators. Sometimes a domestic freezer is laid on its back to look like a chest. Many modern upright freezers come with an ice dispenser built into their door. Many commercial freezers stand upright and have glass doors so shoppers can see the contents.

Janis Ian

Janis Ian (born Janis Eddy Fink, April 7, 1951) is an American songwriter, singer, musician, columnist, and science fiction writer. She stated singing folk in the mid-sixties while she was still a teenager. She sang the most in the 1960s and the 1970s, but she's still singing today. In 1975, Ian won a Grammy Award for her song, "At Seventeen".

Ian is openly lesbian and is married to a woman.





Vilnius

Vilnius is the largest city and the capital of Lithuania, with a population of 553,904 (850,700 together with Vilnius County) as of December 2005. It is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality. It is also the capital of Vilnius County. Vilnius is 312 kilometres (194 mi) from the Baltic Sea and Klaipėda, the most important Lithuanian seaport. Vilnius is connected by highways to other major Lithuanian cities, such as Kaunas (102 km/63 mi away), Šiauliai (214 km/133 mi away) and Panevėžys (135 km/84 mi away).

See History of Vilnius

According to the 2001 census by the Vilnius Regional Statistical Office, there were 542,287 inhabitants in the Vilnius city municipality, of which 57.8% were Lithuanians, 18.7% Poles, 14% Russians, 4.0% Belarusians, 1.3% Ukrainians and 0.5% Jews.

In 1931, Vilnius had a population of 195,071, of which 65.9% were Poles, 28.0% Jews, 3.8% Russians, 0.9% Belarusians, 0.8% Lithuanians and 0.6% others (Germans, Tatars, Karaims, Latvians, Ukrainians and others). In 1939, Vilnius had a population of about 209,500, the percentage of the population remained roughly similar to 1931) 

The climate of Vilnius is considered as Humid Continental or Hemiboreal by Köppen climate classification. Summers can be hot, with temperatures above thirty degrees Celsius throughout the day. Winters can be very cold, with temperatures rarely reaching above freezing

Vilnius is a cosmopolitan city with diverse architecture. There are more than 40 churches in Vilnius. Restaurants, hotels and museums have sprouted since Lithuania declared independence. Like most medieval towns, Vilnius was developed around its Town Hall. The Old Town, the historical centre of Vilnius, is one of the largest in Europe (3.6 km²). The most valuable historic and cultural sites are concentrated here. The main sights of the city are Gediminas Castle and Cathedral Square, symbols of the capital. The Old Town of Vilnius was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1994. In 1995, the first bronzecast of Frank Zappa in the world was installed near the center of Vilnius with the permission of the government.

Vilnius is the major economic centre of Lithuania and one of the largest financial centres of the Baltic states.

The city has many universities. The biggest are:

Specialized higher schools with the university status are:


Vilnius is the Roman Catholic center of the country, with the main church institutions and Archdiocesan Cathedral located here. There are many churches in the city as there are many monasteries and religion schools. The Church architecture in the city includes Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical styles, these styles can be foundin the Old Town. Vilnius is considered one of the main centers of the Polish Baroque movement in architecture of churches. Vilnius has been home to an Eastern Orthodox Christian presence since the thirteenth century. A famous Russian Orthodox monastery, named for the Holy Spirit, is located near the Gate of Dawn. St. Paraskeva's Orthodox Church in the Old Town is the site of the baptism of Hannibal, the great-grandfather of Pushkin, by Tsar Peter the Great in 1705. A number of Protestant and other Christian groups are present in Vilnius, most notably the Lutheran Evangelicals and the Baptists.
Islam came to Lithuania in the 14th century from Crimea and Kazan, through the Tatars. Tatars in Lithuania have maintained their religious practices: currently, about 3,000 Tatar Muslims live in Lithuania. There are same few groups of pre-Christian pagan in the city.

The city of Vilnius is made up of 21 elderates that are based on neighbourhoods:

Vilnius is the starting point of the Vilnius-Kaunas-Klaipėda motorway that runs across Lithuania and connects the three major cities. The Vilnius-Panevėžys motorway is a branch of the Via-Baltica.

Vilnius International Airport serves most Lithuanian international flights to many major European destinations.

Vilnius has a public transportation system. in 2023 there were 87 bus and 18 trolleybus routes in the city, 426 buses and 190 trolleybuses used the routes on weekdays. They transport about 500,000 people every day. UAB Vilnius Public Transport runs most of the routes. Some are run by Transrevis.

Vilnius has 14 sister cities.

1524

Year 1524 (MDXXIV) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.





Fungus

A fungus (plural: fungi) is a type of living organism that includes yeasts, molds, mushrooms and others. Fungi are a category of organism as large and varied as the animals or plants. Fungi, animals and plants are each Kingdoms of life.

Historically people thought fungi were most like plants, even calling fungi a type of plant. However fungi are "not" plants. Fungi are even more closely related to animals than to plants.

The study of fungi is known as "mycology" from "myco-" meaning fungi and "-ology" meaning "study of".

Fungi evolved around 1 billion years ago. Fossils from the Devonian period show evidence of fungi likely having an even older history.

There are fungi fossils and ancient fungi found trapped in amber but compared to material like bone fungi fossils are rare due to their rapid decay

Fungi 
are all eukaryotes. This means the cells of all three types of life have nuclei, unlike bacteria which do not have nuclei and so are called prokaryotes.

In addition to a cell nucleus that contain the DNA, fungal cells have ribosomes to turn the DNA genes into proteins, mitochondria that produce energy for the cell, and other organelles. Fungi cell walls are mainly composed chitin. Meanwhile, plant cell walls are cellulose found in cell walls of plants.

Fungi do not have any chlorophyll and so cannot capture energy from sunlight like plants do. This is one way fungi are more similar to animals, which also lack chlorophyll.

Most fungi are "saprophytic." These fungi digest and absorb dead organic matter around them. Fungi can absorb the food molecules through their cell walls.

However there are many very different other ways some fungi get nutrients and live. Some are parasites, some are pathogens, some are predatory, some cooperate with other living things in symbiosis and some fungi have more than one lifestyle.

"Pleurotus" fungi, also called "oyster mushrooms", are an example of fungi that both eat dead matter and are also predatory. They can capture nematodes with their hyphae.

Some fungi can instead live by growing around or into the roots of trees or other plants. When they do this they can be called mycorrhiza where the "myco" indicates fungi and "rhiza" refers to plant roots. Most trees contain mycorrhizal roots, and so do many crop plants. This benefits both the fungus and the plant, which makes it a symbiotic relationship.

Besides mycorhizza, there are other cases of symbiosis where a fungus shares resources with other organisms and all benefit. Lichen is an example where fungi and an algae or cyanobacteria live together and help each other survive. In this partnership the algal cells live within the fungal tissue. The outcome is a new mat-like life-form which clings to rock and various surfaces. Approximately 20% of all fungi lives as lichen symbiosis.

In other cases fungi can be parasitic, taking resources from other living things and giving nothing or very little back. Still other fungi can be pathogens that cause disease in other living things and eventually kill them. Once it is dead then many of these pathogenic fungi switch to eating the dead matter, becoming saprophytes. Many fungi can switch how they get their nutrients. They often switch lifestyles to survive better. 

Fungi can exist as one cell (unicellular) or many cells (multicellular) as organisms.

Fungi with more than one cell can have thin thread-like cells called "hyphae" (singular: "hypha") that absorb nutrients and anchor the fungus in place.

Hyphae are "not" roots but can resemble threads or tiny roots through which the fungus uses to extract nutrients. Each hypha consists of a long cell enclosed within a tube-shaped cell wall that grows from the end. Hyphae generally form syncytia so that their cell walls (septa) are mostly incomplete and have gaps. This means the cell nuclei are not separated from each other, as in typical cells. Specific details may differ among species.

The mycelium consists of a mat of hyphae, The mycelium is also defined as all the "vegetative" or non-reproductive parts of a fungus. The mycelium of a fungus may be found growing underground, through a rotting log or over dead leaves, inside the body of an insect, among many other places.

Yeasts and moulds are among the unicellular fungi.

Yeast is an example of a single-celled fungus that reproduces either sexually or asexually. Asexual reproduction occurs by simple budding (binary fission).

Different fungi reproduce sexually and asexually. Some are able to reproduce in only one way or the other, while other fungi reproduce both ways.

In general, the production of spores is key. Spores can travel to new places by air or water and develop into new fungi.

Some fungi give rise to mushrooms, also called sporocarps as part of reproduction. Mushrooms are multicellular bodies produced from fungus's hyphae that exist to produce and release spores so that they may eventually develop into new fungi. Mushrooms are sometimes called fungal "fruiting bodies" because mushrooms are only part of a fungus and exist for fungal reproduction, which is similar to how fruit are only part of a plant and exist for plant reproduction. This comparison is also made because fungi and their mushrooms were historically incorrectly thought of as plants.

Other fungi use a sporangium to produce asexual spores through mitosis, or sexual spores through meiosis. 

Mushrooms can take many different shapes, depending on the fungi species of that produces the mushrooms. They can range from the classic "cap and stem" shape found in "Amanita," "Boletus" and many other groups of fungi, all the way to the unique branching shape of coral fungi.

In some cases the cap of a mushroom has gills, in other cases it may have "teeth" as in hedgehog mushrooms (genus "Hydnum") or pores as in "Boletus" or "Leccinum."

Other mushrooms are simply shaped, like cups. These are the Ascomycota, which include the highly sought-after morel mushrooms.

Some mushrooms even grow entirely underground, as in truffle fungi.

Many fungi species are defined based mostly on genetics but are still able to be recognized and identified based on their shape, color, odor, smell and habitat.

Contrary to popular belief, unless someone is allergic, it is safe to handle all mushrooms. Even the most poisonous fungus must be eaten to begin to do harm. Someone studying mushrooms of fungi can pick up and examine any mushroom but should not attempt to eat any mushroom

Edible fungi are widely consumed as human food. Some are grown in mushroom farms and others are foraged in woods, fields and anywhere else fungi produce mushrooms. Not all fungi produce edible mushrooms. Some fungi species produce toxic mushrooms. People learn to forage from older family members in cultures with mushroom foraging traditions, from amateur mycological and mushroom hunting societies, from studying many guidebooks and in formal classes.

Certain types of cheese require a fungal species. Examples include Blue cheese and Camembert cheese, which owe their unique flavor and texture to the cheese.

Yeasts are widely used in the production of beer, certain breads and more fermented foods.

Certain fungi (for example, penicillin) have served as a source of antibiotics. These antibiotics are naturally produced by many fungi as a defense mechanism against bacteria.

Some fungi produce psychotropic (mind-altering) substances. These psychedelic mushrooms are often referred as "magic mushrooms" because of their ability to induce hallucinations. Like any drug, their effect are temporary typically lasting for 4 to 6 hours. Many countries have prohibited them.

The effects of psilocybin containing fungi were first known to be used by indigenous peoples, most famously the Mazatec people of Mexico who invented social and medicinal uses of psilocybin. Some people today use these fungi recreationally due to their psychedelic properties.

Scientists today continue to investigate ways to use "magic mushrooms" as medical applications. Treating anxiety, depression, post-traumatic stress disorder are common ways psilocybin are studied as medicine.

Many factors, from habitat destruction to pressures from pollution to climate change may cause some fungi to become more rare or even go extinct.

Just like animals, plants or any other type of life, there are some fungi that spread from where they are native to places where they are invasive species. A fungi can become an invasive species anywhere they are not native to and are potentially causing harm in the ecosystem including out-competing native species or directly harming native species by eating them or changing their habitat too much.

Fungi can become invasive because of being transported to areas where they are not native deliberately or accidentally by people. When people grow fungi species that are not native to their area outdoors, there can be a chance for that non-native fungi to begin to spread. If they spread too much it can become impossible to control and then the fungi is invasive. The risk for becoming invasive is not the same for all non-native fungi species. Some are much more likely to become harmful or to spread so fast they begin disrupting native species. Fungi that can cause disease such as the fungi that can cause white nose syndrome in bats are more likely to do harm if they spread to an area where they are not native.

Fungi like golden oyster mushrooms ("Pleurotus citrinopileatus") are native in Europe and Asia but have begun rapidly spreading in North America, where they are not native. Although golden oyster mushrooms do not cause disease and are also edible, that they are spreading so quickly in an area where they are not native means they have been called an invasive species.

When trees are planted either for landscaping or farming for wood or paper, the fungi in the soil that associate with the roots of those trees can be spread, too. Sometimes this is done intentionally if the trees are being grown to be harvested and the fungi have been found to help those trees grow faster and stay healthier. If those fungi species are not native and begin to spread, however, then they can become invasive species. This has been seen happening with death cap fungi ("Amanita phalloides") spreading to areas where it is not native from the roots of planted trees, replacing some native fungi and becoming invasive.

Some fungi are poisonous to people or to other animals. Sometimes the poison helps the fungus by keeping insects from eating the mushrooms, other times the poison is not made by the fungus to be a poison but does cause harm if eaten by people or other animals. A mushroom that is poisonous for one type of animal to eat may be safe for another animal. No known fungus is unsafe to touch unless a person is allergic to it. All known poisonous fungi must be eaten or put into the body some other way to do harm. 

Reactions to eating poisonous mushrooms and cause a range of reactions in people, including stomach cramps, hallucinations, severe organ failure, and death.

Though not all mushrooms of fungi in the genus "Amanita" are poisonous, the destroying angel ("Amanita virosa, Amanita bisporigera, Amanita ocreata") and the death cap "(Amanita phalloides)", are the most common cause of deadly mushroom poisoning.

Some fungi are poisonous when eaten raw or under-cooked but are edible if well-cooked. Morel mushrooms (genus "Morchella") are edible and widely eaten cooked but have toxins in them that are broken down by heat, so can poison people if eaten raw or under-cooked.

As it is difficult to accurately identify a safe mushroom without experience or training, it is often advised to assume that a wild mushroom could be poisonous and to not consume it.


Guernsey

Guernsey is an island in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy. It is one of the Channel Islands, and is the main administration island of the Bailiwick of Guernsey'. Charles III is the head of state, but it has a government of its own, with its own laws and special status when it comes to taxes.
65,573 people live there.

Guernsey has 10 parishes. These are 
Castel, Forest, St Andrews, St Martins, St Peter Port, St Pierre du bois, St Sampson, St Saviour's, Torteval, Vale.
Saint Peter Port is the biggest parish by terms of population, with 16,500 people living there.

Guernsey has an oceanic climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in Guernsey was on 9 August 2003 at Guernsey Airport. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Guernsey was on 20 January 1963 in Saint Peter Port. 

Source:

Guernsey has its own dialect of the Norman language, called Guernésiais. It is spoken by only 2% of the population, but is understood by around 14%. This means that only 1300 people speak it, and most of these people are elderly. Only 1 in every 1000 young people can speak it. 

Pottery

Pottery is the ceramic material which makes up potteryware. Major types include earthenware, stoneware and porcelain. The place where such wares are made is also called a "pottery" (plural "potteries"). Pottery also refers to the art or craft of a potter or the making of pottery. A dictionary definition is simply clay fired in a kiln. 

Pottery objects are made from damp clay mixed with other materials. They are then fired in a special oven called a kiln at high temperatures. Firing makes the clay hard. The potter may then apply a glaze to the surface before firing the object again. The fired glaze makes the surface of the pottery shiny, decorative and water-tight. 

Some potters make objects which are not useful and are really artistic objects or sculpture. Bare pottery objects without a glaze are called "bisque" or just earthenware. The finest pottery objects, made of porcelain or bone china are quite strong, yet are translucent.

Pottery originated before the Neolithic period. The earliest example we have is from eastern Europe, dating to 25,000 years ago or earlier. It is a female figurine known as the Venus of Dolní Věstonice, from a palaeolithic site in Moravia, Czech Republic. It may have been made as part of a fertility ritual. There are some similar figures from other nearby sites.

Since the invention of agriculture, and the building of cities, containers for food and drink have been found at almost all archaeological sites.

This means the area of Stoke-on-Trent in England, sometimes called the Staffordshire potteries. There were six towns, Tunstall, Burslem, Hanley, Stoke-upon-Trent, Fenton and Longton, which now make up Stoke-on-Trent. 

The area was the centre of the English pottery industry. The area had local supplies of clay, salt, lead and coal. Canals were used to transport the product inland. It was a large exporter of pottery for about 200 years: roughly from 1760 to about 1960. Plastic crockery after World War II and cheap ceramic production in China largely destroyed the Stoke pottery industry.

Screenwriter

A screenwriter is a person who writes the screenplay (or script) for a movie or television show - that is, a screenwriter writes the words that the actors and actresses speak. 

A script conveys the dialogue of the movie, and will briefly describe visuals, although not too much, as this is left up to the director. 

There are certain rules as to how to format a movie script. If these are not followed, then it is highly unlikely that it will ever be taken seriously. In order to test the effectiveness of a script, actors will do a first reading of it. If the format is not clear, then it causes the actors confusion, and makes the task very difficult to complete.

Sacramento, California

Sacramento is the capital of the U.S. state of California. The governor and legislature of California are in Sacramento. About 520,000 people live in Sacramento. About 2,000,000 live in and around Sacramento.

Sacramento comes from Spanish and Portuguese for holy rite. A sacrament is a religious act that gives people "divine grace" (being liked or favored by God.)

Sacramento was started in 1848 by John Sutter. It was a very important place during the California Gold Rush. The Gold Rush was the time after gold was found in California. Many people came to California to find gold. They did this to make money. During the Gold Rush, Sacramento was where the railroad ended. It was also where the Pony Express stopped.

Sacramento is near where the American River meets the Sacramento River. This was important when Sacramento was founded. It meant that ships could bring things to Sacramento from the Pacific Ocean. Sacramento was a "railroad town". This made Sacramento a "port town". This made it a "very" important place for business.

The majority of Sacramento's foreign-born population are from Mexico, the Philippines, Vietnam, Ukraine and Laos.

Alexander Scriabin

Alexander Scriabin (also spelt: Skryabin) (born Moscow January 6 1872; died Moscow April 27 1915) was a famous Russian composer and pianist. He wrote music for the orchestra and for the piano. His music belongs to the Late Romantic period, but his later works sound quite modern, and he was influenced by Impressionism. He had some very unusual ideas about combining all the arts into one work.

Scriabin was the only child in a family which had an aristocratic background. He was always proud of having been born on Christmas Day (6 January is Christmas Day in the Russian Orthodox church). His mother died when he was a year old and his father spent most of his time abroad working as a diplomat. He was looked after by his aunt, grandmother and great-aunt, all of whom fussed over him so that he was a very spoilt child. When he grew up he was very short and his hands could only just stretch one octave (eight notes) on the piano.

Scriabin was educated in the Moscow Cadet Corps. He learned to play the piano and became friends with the composer Sergei Rachmaninoff who was just one year younger. He won the second gold medal ever to be awarded at the Moscow Conservatoire (Rachmaninoff had won the first one). He practised a piece called "Islamey" by Balakirev but damaged his right hand doing it. He still managed to continue his career as a pianist, but he wrote a few piano pieces for the left hand only. In 1895 he toured through many countries in Europe giving concerts and composing a lot of piano music. He married in 1897. He went with his wife to Odessa where he played his Piano Concerto and then spent several months in Paris. He taught at the Moscow Conservatoire and wrote some important orchestral music. Later he left his wife and children and went to Europe for several years with another woman. She inspired a lot of his music. Scriabin continued to travel and play the piano until the end of his life. When he was in London in 1914 he had a boil on his lip, which got steadily worse until he died a year later.

Scriabin liked the music of Chopin and he wrote a lot of short pieces called Preludes which show Chopin’s influence. As he got older his music became more and more personal. He was very egocentric (thought only about himself and not about other people) and he had some strange ideas. He wanted to write a work which combined all the arts and all the senses: music, dance, poetry, colours and even smells. He wanted this work to be performed beside a lake in India. This work was never finished or performed, and we do not know whether he seriously thought it would happen, but he did buy himself a sun helmet.

Scriabin tried using different harmonies in his music. He had a favourite chord which he called his “mystic chord” (from the bottom upwards: C, F sharp, B flat, E, A, D). He used it in lots of ways. His orchestral works include a Piano Concerto, 3 symphonies, "Le poème de l’extase" ("The poem of extasy") and "Prométhée, le poème du feu" ("Prometheus, the poem of fire"). His music which is mysterious and dream-like and shares some similarity French Impressionist composers like Debussy.



Robert Mugabe

Robert Gabriel Mugabe (21 February 1924 – 6 September 2019) was a Zimbabwean politician. He was the President of Zimbabwe from 1987 to 2017. Before that, he was Prime Minister, the head of government, after being elected in 1980. For many years before he resigned, Mugabe ruled his country in the style of a dictator.

His first years as leader were prosperous. He introduced land reforms, which were supposed to give the land owned by white people back to the "original" black owners. This has had a serious impact on how the country is seen from outside. In recent years, Mugabe has allowed violence against the white citizens of the country as well as to opposition leaders of all races. The reforms were done in 1998. In 2001, the United Nations imposed sanctions against Zimbabwe. This was done because human rights abuses came to the attention of the United Nations. 

On November 15, 2017, he was placed under house arrest as Zimbabwe's military took control in a coup. On November 21, 2017, Mugabe resigned as President of Zimbabwe. It ended his rule of 40 years.

Mugabe was hospitalized in April 2019, making the last of several trips to Singapore for medical treatment. He died on 6 September 2019 at a Singapore hospital, at the age of 95. The cause of death was prostate cancer.

Guyana

The Co-operative Republic of Guyana (formerly British Guiana) is a country in South America. It is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world (700,000 people live there inside its over 200,000 km² of area). Georgetown is the capital; like most of the country's settlements, it is on a flat coastal plain that goes from northwest to southeast. Venezuela claims the land west of the Essequibo River as part of Guayana Esequiba.

Guyana's current president is Irfaan Ali. The country gained independence from the United Kingdom on May 26, 1966 (before which it was called British Guiana). The republic is called cooperative for integrating different ethnic groups into government, introduced after the socialist government PNC won a majority in1968. The term "cooperative republic" however dates back from 1961.

Guyana is member of the Commonwealth of Nations and the Caribbean Community. It is ranked first in suicides per capita worldwide.



Sen no Rikyu

Sen no Rikyu (, 1522–1591) made important and lasting changes to the Japanese tea ceremony. He was a follower of Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Besides the tea ceremony, Rikyu practiced ikebana and wrote poetry. He also studied zen.

Oscar Wilde

Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde (16 October 1854 – 30 November 1900) was an Irish writer, poet and playwright. He wrote "The Picture of Dorian Gray", and the plays "Salomé", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "An Ideal Husband", and "Lady Windermere's Fan".

Wilde was bisexual. He had a wife and two children. He had an affair with a younger man named Lord Alfred Douglas. This affair ruined his life.

Wilde was born in Ireland in 1854. He went to school at Trinity College in Dublin. Then he went the Magdalen College (part of Oxford University.) In London, he worked as a journalist for four years. 

He was very well known in his time. This was because he dressed well and was very good at conversation. He was also well known because he wrote a novel called "The Picture of Dorian Gray." He also wrote plays. In 1891, he wrote a play called "Salomé." He wrote it in French while living in Paris. No one could perform it in England, because there were characters from the Bible in it. This did not discourage him. He then wrote four comedic plays in the early 1890s. He was one of the most successful playwrights of the time. His masterpiece was the play called "The Importance of Being Earnest."

When he was very famous, he sued his lover's father for libel (lying about someone in print). There were many trials. In the end, the court sentenced Wilde to two years of work in Reading Gaol (jail). The crime was gross indecency (sexual contact with other men). After he went to prison, his wife went to Switzerland with their children. She changed their last names to Holland.

While he was in prison, he wrote a long letter called "De Profundis". "De Profundis" was about his experiences during the trials. It was very sad compared to his earlier work.

When he got out of prison, he went to France. He never went back to the British Isles. In France, he wrote "The Ballad of Reading Gaol," which was a poem about prison. It was his last work.

In Paris, he lived in a hotel. He did not have very much money, or very many friends. He died of cerebral meningitis (swelling in his brain) in Paris. He was forty-six. Before he died, he said, "My wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death. One of us has got to go".

Wilde was in a romantic relationship with Lord Alfred Douglas. Douglas was the son of the Marquess of Queensberry. Queensberry argued a lot with his son. He spoke to Wilde and Douglas several times about their relationship. In June of 1894, Queensberry visited Wilde with no warning. Queensberry threatened to beat up Wilde if he saw Wilde with his son in a restaurant again.

The Marquess of Queensberry left Wilde a calling card on February 18, 1895. On the card he wrote: "For Oscar Wilde, posing as a sodomite".

Sodomy (men having sex with other men) was a crime. This note accused Wilde of having committed a crime. Because of this, Wilde sued him for libel (lying about someone else in print). His friends thought this was a bad idea, but Douglas encouraged him.

In the trial, Queensberry only had to prove that Wilde had posed as a sodomite. But he also presented evidence that suggested Wilde had committed sexual acts with male prostitues. On the advice of his lawyer, Wilde withdrew his case. The court decided Queensberry was not guilty. They thought Queensberry was telling the truth when he wrote that Wilde was posing as a sodomite.

Because of the Libel Act of 1843, Wilde had to pay Queensberry's lawyers. After this, Wilde was declared bankrupt.

Wilde left court. The government wanted to arrest him for sodomy and gross indecency. His friends told him to try to flee to France, but his mother said he should stay in England. The government put him in prison before his trial. Douglas visited him daily, until Wilde told him to go to Paris to avoid punishment.

Wilde's trial began on April 26, 1895. He pled not guilty. During the trial, he spoke about "the love that dare not speak its name". He described it as strong love between an older and a younger man. He said it was misunderstood and that it was the reason he was on trial. Saying these things was not helpful, because it convinced the jury that he had sex with men. 

The jury could not decide what to do. His lawyer got the court to agree on a bail. Reverend Stewart Headlam paid his bail, so he could leave prison. Wilde went into hiding at his friends' house. 

The lawyer for the government wanted to give up the case, but many people knew about it. Another government lawyer thought it was too well known to give up. Wilde went to court again. The court sentenced him to (made him do) two years of work in prison. They also sentenced another man, named Alfred Taylor. The judge thought it was not harsh enough, but it was illegal to keep him in prison for longer. Wilde tried to respond to the judge, but others in the courtroom yelled "Shame", so that no one could hear him.


Prose


U2

U2 are an Irish rock band. The four members of the band are lead singer Bono (born "Paul David Hewson"), lead guitarist The Edge (born "David Howell Evans"), bassist Adam Clayton, and drummer Larry Mullen Jr. and formerly dik Evans U2 are a very popular band all over the world and have been since the 1980s. They have sold more than 170 million albums and have won 22 Grammy Awards. This is more than any other rock band.

U2 formed in Dublin in 1976, when none of the members were very good musicians. However, they got better as they got older. They were more popular for playing live shows than for releasing albums. This changed with their hit record in 1987, "The Joshua Tree". In 1991, U2 released a new album called "Achtung Baby". This album sounded very different from their other albums because it was inspired by alternative rock and dance music. "Achtung Baby" and its worldwide Zoo TV Tour were both very popular. U2 experimented for the rest of the 1990s, making two other very different albums, "Zooropa" and "Pop". 

In the 21st century, U2 returned to a more traditional sound, but they continue to be very popular and successful. They are involved in charities and helping people with groups such as Amnesty International, Make Poverty History, the ONE Campaign, Live Aid, Live 8, Bono's DATA (Debt, AIDS, Trade in Africa) campaign, and Music Rising.

In 2014, the group won a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song for their song "Ordinary Love" which was used in the movie "".

U2 was formed in the city of Dublin, Ireland on September 25, 1976. It was founded by 14-year-old drummer Larry Mullen Jr. He posted a note on his school's notice board, asking for musicians to create a new band. There were seven teenage boys who went to their first practice. At first, the band called themselves "Feedback" but later changed their name to "The Hype". The band became smaller over time, eventually becoming just four people, and they finally changed their name to "U2" once Bono, The Edge, Clayton, and Mullen were left.

U2's influences include Brian Eno, Joy Division, Television, Lou Reed, Bob Dylan, Roxy Music, The Beatles, The Undertones, Roy Obison, Marc Bolan, David Bowie, Sex Pistols, The Clash, The Who, Thin Lizzy, Patti Smith, The Jam, The Rolling Stones, Van Morrison and Lee Clayton.



Bono

Paul David Hewson (born 10 May 1960), known by his stage name Bono, is an Irish person who sings and writes songs. He also gives money to charity and works to bring about political and social change. He is best known as the lead singer of rock band U2.

He became a member of the band U2 on 25 September 1976, when he responded to a message that was placed by Larry Mullen Jr. to form a rock band.

The name "Bono" was a type of hearing aid and in Latin means "good voice". 

Bono married Alison Stewart. They have four children. Jordan (b. 1989), Eve (b. 1991), Elijah (b. 1999) and John (b. 2001).

Bono is known for his work in philanthropy. He was named Time Person of the Year for his charity work. Bono has even been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, though he did not win it.

Adam Clayton

Adam Clayton (born 13 March 1960 in Chinnor, Oxfordshire, England) is the bassist for the rock band U2. He lives in County Dublin. He also has a house in Southern France.

When Adam was five years old, he and his family moved to Malahide near Dublin. He started playing guitar when he went to school. He joined the other members of the future U2 band in the same time. Their band was first named "Feedback" and then they changed its name to "The Hype". However, they released their second album on 1981 under the name of U2.

All other U2 members were married by 2006, and Adam was the only member who was still single. In 2006, it was announced that Adam was going to marry Suzanne "Susie" Smith; they dated for almost 10 years before this news was announced. They were planning to marry in the summer of 2007, but they split up in February 2007.

In January 2011, Adam revealed that he was the father of a baby boy, born in 2010. On September 4, 2013, Adam married Mariana Teixeira de Carvalho, in a wedding in Dublin. She is a fashion model from Brazil.

The Edge

David Howell Evans (born 8 August 1961), more widely known as The Edge, is an English-born musician. He is known best as the guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist for the Irish rock band U2.
David Howell Evans was born at the Barking Maternity Hospital, in Essex, England. His parents, Garvin and Gwenda Evans, are Welsh. When he was one, his family moved to County Dublin, Ireland. There, he attended St. Andrew's National School. He received piano and guitar lessons with his brother, Dik Evans. At Mount Temple Comprehensive School, they both answered an advertisement posted by Larry Mullen Jr. wanting musicians to form a band. The band accepted both of them. This band went through several major changes before emerging as U2 in March 1978. Dik Evans left the band just before the name change. U2 began performing in various venues in Ireland and eventually began developing a following. Their first album, "Boy", was released in 1980.

In 1981, Evans came very close to leaving U2 for religious reasons, but he was persuaded to stay. During this time, he became involved with a group called Shalom Tigers. Bono and Larry Mullen Jr. were also involved in this group. Shortly after deciding to remain with the band, he wrote a piece of music that later became "Sunday Bloody Sunday". The Edge married his high school girlfriend Aislinn O'Sullivan on 12 July 1983. The couple had three daughters together: Hollie in 1984, Arran in 1985 and Blue Angel in 1989. The couple separated in 1990, but were unable to get officially divorced until 1996 because of Irish laws regarding marriage; divorce was made legal in 1995.

During U2's Zoo TV Tour, The Edge began to date Morleigh Steinberg. The couple began dating in 1993, and had their daughter, Sian, and a son, Levi. They were married on June 22, 2002.

The Edge appeared in the 2009 music documentary film "It Might Get Loud". He is also a Methodist.

Larry Mullen Jr.

Larry Mullen Junior (born 31 October 1961) is an Irish drummer. He is a member of the rock band U2. Mullen was born in Dublin, Ireland. 

Besides U2, Larry has worked with other musicians, including: Nanci Griffith, Daniel Lanois, Emmylou Harris, Robbie Robertson, Paul Brady and B.B. King. Because of the Irish National Football team's bid for the World Cup in 1990, Mullen co-wrote and co-produced the anthem "Put 'Em Under Pressure." He also worked with U2's Adam Clayton on the theme for the 1996 movie "". Mullen and Clayton joined with Mike Mills and Michael Stipe of R.E.M. to form the group "Automatic Baby" for Bill Clinton's Presidential inauguration in 1993 at MTV's Inaugural Ball.

Mariah Carey

Mariah Carey (born March 27, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, philanthropist, author and businesswoman. She is best known for the song "All I Want for Christmas Is You".

She is recognized as the Queen of Christmas and Songbird Supreme by the Guinness World Records with her five-octave coloratura soprano voice, melismatic singing style and her signature use of the whistle register. She has sold over 200 million copies worldwide and is one of the best-selling artists of all time. She has sold over 71 million albums in the US alone, the most US albums sold for a female artist.

Mariah Carey was born on March 27, 1969, in Huntington, New York, the daughter of an African American and Afro-Venezuelan father and an Irish mother. She is the youngest of three children. Her siblings are Morgan (born 1960) and Alison (born 1962). Her parents divorced when she was three years old. She practiced playing piano when she was a young girl.

In December 1988, Carey started making her first album.

She released her self-titled debut studio album in 1990. It was released from Columbia Records. The album was certified multi-platinum by the RIAA. Four singles from the album all reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart ("Vision of Love", "Love Takes Time", "Someday", and "I Don't Wanna Cry"). It reached number one on the US "Billboard" 200. It was certified 9× platinum. This means that 9 million copies of the album were shipped in the US. Carey married Tommy Mottola, the head of Sony Music, in 1993. Mottola was the executive producer for Carey. Many critics believed that this helped Carey's musical career.

In 1991, her second album "Emotions" reached number four on the "Billboard" 200. It was certified 4× platinum and sold less than her previous album. Her songs "Emotions" (#1), "Can't Let Go" (#2), and "Make It Happen" (#5) were released as singles from the album. Carey released her first EP "MTV Unplugged" (1992). It reached number three on the "Billboard" 200. The songs "I'll Be There" (#1) and "If It's Over" were released as singles from the album. Carey's third album "Music Box" (1993) reached number one on the "Billboard" 200. As of 2012, the album has sold 10,000,000 copies in the US, according to Nielsen Soundcan, and was certified Diamond because of this. Worldwide, it sold 32 million copies and became one of the best-selling albums of all time. "Dreamlover" (#1), "Hero" (#1), "Without You" (#3), "Never Forget You" (#3), and "Anytime You Need a Friend" (#12) helped Carey to become more popular.

Her fourth studio album and first holiday album, "Merry Christmas" (1994), reached number three on the "Billboard" 200 chart. Two singles were released: "All I Want for Christmas Is You" and "Joy to the World". Carey's fifth album "Daydream" became her third number-one album in the US. It was given a diamond award from the RIAA. This means that 10 million copies of the album were shipped in the US. There were six singles for the album. They include "Fantasy" (#1), "One Sweet Day" (#1), "Open Arms", "Always Be My Baby" (#1), "Forever" (#9) and "Underneath the Stars". On September 16, 1997, Carey released her sixth album "Butterfly". The album reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album released five singles. They include "Honey" (#1), "Butterfly" (#16), "The Roof (Back in Time)", "Breakdown" (#53) and "My All" (#1).

On November 2, 1999, her seventh album "Rainbow" was released. After selling 323,000 copies the first week, it debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It featured her fifteenth number-one US single, "Thank God I Found You" (with R&B singer Joe and boy band 98°), along with a cover of singer Phil Collins' song "Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)". The cover reached number one in the UK.

Carey starred in the movie "Glitter" in 2001. It did not do so well and grossed $5,271,666 out of a $20,000,000 budget. It was released on the day of the September 11 attacks. It was nominated for several "worst movie" categories. The soundtrack did better than the movie. The single "Loverboy" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2002, her album "Charmbracelet" was released. Her 2005 album, "The Emancipation of Mimi", became one of her most successful albums. Many music critics believed it was her "comeback album". It contained her sixteenth and seventeenth US number-one hits, "We Belong Together" and "Don't Forget About Us". "We Belong Together" was the number-one song of 2005 and of the 2000s decade in the US. Her following album, "E=MC²" (2008), featured her eighteenth number-one song, "Touch My Body". With this, Carey holds the most US number-ones for a solo artist in history. However, this album, along with its followups "Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel" (2009) and "Merry Christmas II You" (2010), did not sell well. She played the role of a social worker, Ms. Weiss, in the 2009 movie "Precious".

In 2013, she was a judge on the competition series "American Idol". Carey's fourteenth album, "Me. I Am Mariah… The Elusive Chanteuse", was released in 2014 and reached number three on the "Billboard" 200. The song "#Beautiful", featuring R&B singer Miguel, was released in May 2013 as the first single from the album. It reached the top fifteen in the US and was certified platinum. The next single, "The Art of Letting Go", was released on November 11, 2013. "You're Mine (Eternal)" was released in time for Valentine's Day in 2014 as the third single from the album.

Carey released a greatest hits collection, "#1 to Infinity", in 2015. It features all eighteen of her US number-one songs along with a new song, "Infinity". She performed a Las Vegas residency show at Caesars Palace called "Mariah Carey #1 to Infinity" and completed her Sweet Sweet Fantasy Tour across Europe.

She performed at the New Year's Eve countdown show, "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest", on December 31, 2016. This performance was not received well by viewers. Her in-ear monitors were not working, which led her to walk around the stage and eventually lip-sync "We Belong Together".

On February 3, 2017, she released a new single, "I Don't", featuring rapper YG. Footage was shown of Carey recording the song on her docuseries, "Mariah's World". In October 2017, a new song, "The Star", was released for the soundtrack of a film of the same name.

During Christmas 2017, "All I Want for Christmas Is You" reached a new high of #9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Carey again performed at "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest" on New Year's Eve 2017. This performance was much more acclaimed than the one of the previous year. The song finally reached number one for the week ending December 19, 2019. It became Carey's nineteenth US number-one, continuing her record of the most number-ones in the US by a soloist.

Carey revealed that she had joined rapper Jay-Z's company, Roc Nation, for management.

In 2020, Carey announced that she would be releasing an autobiography, "The Meaning of Mariah Carey", on September 29, 2020. She is also releasing a compilation album, "The Rarities", on October 2, 2020.

Carey possesses a five-octave coloratura soprano vocal range.

She lists Aretha Franklin, Patti LaBelle, Chaka Khan, Luther Vandross, Michael Jackson, Deniece Williams, Minnie Riperton, Diana Ross, Natalie Cole, Whitney Houston, Donna Summer, Billie Holiday, Sarah Vaughan Al Green, George Michael, Stevie Wonder and Gladys Knight as her musical influences.

She cited Minnie Riperton as one of her musical influences for the use of a whistle register.

During the release of "Glitter", Carey suffered a breakdown and was put in the hospital for exhaustion.

Carey married Nick Cannon on April 30, 2008. On their 3rd wedding anniversary, she gave birth to her fraternal twins, a boy, Moroccan and a girl, Monroe. Cannon announced his separation from Carey in 2014. He filed for divorce the same year of their separation and it was finalized in 2016.

Carey became engaged to Australian billionaire James Packer in 2016. However, Carey's E! docuseries, "Mariah's World", showed their breakup while she was on the Sweet Sweet Fantasy Tour.

She dated her backup dancer, Bryan Tanaka, on and off from November 2016 until April 2017 before resuming their relationship later in 2017. He later became Carey's creative director. Tanaka announced their separation on social media in December 2023.

In November 2017, Carey was accused of sexual harassment by a former security official, Michael Anello. On April 18, 2018, Carey was accused of sexual harassment by a former manager Stella Stolper. Carey denies the allegations.



Andrology

Andrology is the study of male health, especially male sexual organs and reproduction. 
It is similar to the study of women's health, called gynaecology. Andrology has only been studied since the late 1960s. The first specialist journal on the subject was the German periodical "Andrologie", published from 1969 onwards.

Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women. They also usually have a slightly shorter natural average life span. However, men get many conditions, such as osteoporosis, less than women.


Herbert Hoover

Herbert Clark Hoover (August 10, 1874 – October 20, 1964) was the 31st president of the United States from 1929 to 1933. He was a world-famous mining engineer and humanitarian administrator. As the United States Secretary of Commerce in the 1920s under Presidents Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge, he promoted economic modernization. Soon after he became president, the Great Depression started. Many people blamed Hoover for not doing enough to help people during that time and many had to live in shantytowns called "Hoovervilles". 

He was born in West Branch, Iowa. He is the first president born west of the Mississippi River.

Herbert Hoover was a businessman. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce. In 1927, Hoover appeared in the first public demonstration of television broadcast.

Hoover and his wife learned Mandarin Chinese while he worked in China. They used it in the White House so the White House staff wouldn't understand them.

A couple months after he was elected, the stock market crashed and the Great Depression was beginning.

Unlike Andrew Mellon and Calvin Coolidge who believed that the federal government should keep its hands off the economy, Herbert Hoover believed that some action from the federal government is necessary.

While he opposed a welfare state which would give money to people for doing nothing, he wanted to create jobs through several government programs, including the construction of a huge dam which would be later named Hoover Dam.

The federal government received less money in tax revenues because of the bad economy, and the government was spending more money than it was taking in, so Hoover tried to increase the government's revenue to balance the budget. He signed the Revenue Act of 1932, which was a large tax increase. He also signed the largest tariff (a tax on goods that are traded between foreign countries and the United States) increase in American history which worsened the Great Depression, even though 1000 economists warned him not to sign that.

Hoover denied giving promised retirement money to poor World War 1 veterans (called the Bonus Army) earlier than what was agreed to, so they went on strike. Hoover ordered the United States army to force them to leave. It resulted in a bloody conflict which hurt Hoover's reputation.

Hoover was uncharismatic and did not relate to the people well, which made many people consider him as mean-spirited.

Hoover supported the very unpopular prohibition of alcohol, and did not want to make alcohol legal.

While Hoover did support some government involvement in the economy, he was against Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, because he thought it called for too much government involvement in the economy.

Due to his failure to fix the Great Depression, he lost the 1932 election to Franklin Roosevelt.

Hoover died at the age of 90 in his suite in New York City from gastrointestinal bleeding caused by colorectal cancer.


