Hot air balloon

A hot air balloon is a type of aircraft. It is lifted by heating the air inside the balloon, usually with fire. 

Hot air weighs less than the same volume of cold air (it is less dense), which means that hot air will rise up or float when there is cold air around it, just like a bubble of air in a pot of water. The greater the difference between the hot and the cold, the greater the difference in density, and the stronger the balloon will pull up. This means that balloons can carry more weight on a cold day, or if the air inside the balloon is very hot. At higher temperature, the air molecules move faster. This causes the molecules to spread out and therefore hot air is less dense than cooler air.

The hot air balloon is the oldest form of flying technology that can successfully carry people. The earliest use of hot air to make objects fly was made in Ancient China. Paper lanterns were sent into the air for signalling.

The first hot air balloon to carry a person was made by the Montgolfier brothers. On 19 September 1783, they demonstrated their invention for King Louis XVI and Queen Marie Antoinette at the French court in Paris. The passengers were a sheep, a duck and a rooster. They flew for 480 metres. The first flight carrying a person was on 15 October 1783. It carried Jacques-Etienne Montgolfier. The balloon was attached to the ground by a rope. The first "free" flight, without being attached to the ground, was a few weeks later, on 21 November 1783. It carried Marquis François d'Arlandes and Pilatre de Rozier.

The air is made up of molecules. When the air is cold, these molecules are closer together. When the air is hot, they move away from each other. So, in the same space, there are fewer molecules in hot air. Hot air is therefore lighter than cold air. This makes it rise and carry up the balloon when the air inside it is heated. The air is heated in the balloon with a burner, which uses bursts of fire to keep the air hot. The fire is fuelled by propane.

The heated air is kept inside the balloon by its fabric. This is called the "envelope". It is usually made of nylon.

The passengers and the pilot stand in the basket, which is attached to the balloon by ropes. The basket is usually made of wicker. Baskets can come in many sizes. It can have enough places for up to 36 people. It depends the size of the balloon to carry that much weight.

A hot air balloon festival is a type of air show. It is where ballooners display and fly their balloons together. During these events, they fly in the morning and in the evening if the conditions allow it. People can enjoy a balloon flight if they pay. There are many activities. Sometimes, the balloons are lit up against the night sky.

At these festivals, people can see different shapes of balloons. Usually, they are kind of round but they may have forms.


Gaius Caesar

Gaius Julius Caesar (20 BC–4 AD) was one of two brothers adopted by the first Roman emperor, Augustus. Both died in their early twenties, clearing the path for Tiberius. Gaius Caesar had achieved the rank of Consul before his death.

Biplane

A biplane is a fixed-wing aircraft that has two fixed wings. The lower wing is often attached to the body of the aircraft and the top wing is raised above. Most early airplanes were biplanes because they have a stronger structure than a monoplane. When engineers found how to makes strong monoplanes, biplanes became rare because they produce more drag. 

Famous biplanes include the Polikarpov Po-2, Sopwith Camel, Avro Tutor, Antonov An-2, Beechcraft Staggerwing, Boeing Stearman, Bristol Bulldog, Curtiss JN-4, de Havilland Tiger Moth, Fairey Swordfish, Hawker Hart, Pitts Special and the Wright Flyer. The Stearman is particularly associated with stunt flying with wing-walkers. 

White chocolate

White chocolate is a type of chocolate. White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar. In the United States, white chocolate must be at least 20% cocoa butter, at least 14% total milk solids, at least 3.5% milk fat, and less than 55% sugar or other sweeteners. 
In the European Union, there must be at least 20% cocoa butter, at least 14% total milk solids and at least 3.5% milk fat.

Sea plane

A sea plane is a fixed-wing vehicle that can take off to the sky or water.

Paraglider

A paraglider is a free-flying, foot-launched aircraft. 
In mountain areas, pilots usually take off from great height to fly down to the valley. In flat areas, a winch is used to tow the paraglider to a height of up to 400 meters before it is released. It is also possible to soar on the coast in laminar sea breeze. Some more advanced pilots also launch from hot air balloons or helicopters. 

Blank slate

Blank slate, or tabula rasa (which means the same thing) was a philosophical idea of John Locke. It had, like much of philosophy, a history which went as far back as Aristotle, but it was Locke who made it known to our modern world:

Humans, when born, are thought not have mental experience or knowledge, and that everything is learned after they grow. In particular, Locke thought all knowledge came from sense data, and the mind is empty at the beginning. By 'sense data' is meant the process of hearing, seeing, touching etc.

Locke's idea was immediately picked up by others:

Many have held similar views. The founder of behaviourism, John B. Watson (1878–1938):

Throughout the 20th century the influence of evolution and genetics ran against these liberal ideas. Ethology proved that much animal behaviour was inherited, instinctual, (innate and permanent). Konrad Lorenz argued that the aggression so obvious in the history of mankind was a playing out of behaviour which had evolutionary advantage in our past. The field of evolutionary psychology set out to examine the role played by evolution on our mental life. If humans share a common evolutionary history with the other animals, it is likely that we inherit mental traits from our evolution. The human ability to learn a language is inherited, and is of huge practical importance. Very important also (though less obvious) is the way that our unconscious mind helps us get through life. The apparatus which performs that mental activity is certainly inherited. These are some reasons why a number of recent publications have rejected Locke's idea.


Lined paper

Lined paper is paper with lines printed on it. The lines are commonly parallel to each other, uniformly spaced with a larger space at the top. The horizontal lines are meant to separate lines of hand-written text. Lined paper is thinner than other types of paper

Coypu

The coypu (or nutria, "Myocastor coypus") is a large, plant-eating, rodent which lives in wetlands. The nutria first came from South America including Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Chile, and Uruguay. Animals were taken to Louisiana in the 1930s to be farmed for their fur. Some of these animals escaped and are now living in the Louisiana coastal wetlands. They have become a pest and have damaged the environment.

Poincaré conjecture

The Poincaré Conjecture is a question about spheres in mathematics. It is named after Henri Poincaré, the French mathematician and physicist who formulated it in 1904.

The sphere (also called the 2-sphere, as it is a 2-dimensional surface, although it is usually seen as inside a three dimensional space) has the property that any loop on it can be contracted to a point (if a rubber band is wrapped around the sphere, it is possible to slide it down to a point). Mathematicians say that the 2-sphere is simply connected. Other spaces do not have this property, for example the donut: a rubber band that goes around the whole donut once cannot be slid down to a point without it leaving the surface.

Mathematicians knew that this property was unique to the 2-sphere, in the sense that any other simply connected space that does not have edges and is small enough (in mathematician terms, that is compact) is in fact the 2-sphere. It is no longer true if we remove the idea of smallness however, as an infinitely large plane is also simply connected. Also, a regular disk (a circle and its interior) is simply connected, but it has an edge (the bounding circle).

The conjecture asks whether the same is true for the 3-sphere, which is an object living naturally in four dimensions. This question motivated much of modern mathematics, especially in the field of topology. The question was finally settled in 2002 by Grigori Perelman, a Russian mathematician, with methods from geometry, showing that it is indeed true. He was awarded a Fields Medal and the $1 million Millennium Prize for his work, both of which he declined.

The Poincaré conjecture can also be extended to higher dimensions: this is the generalised Poincaré conjecture. Surprisingly, it was easier to prove the fact for higher-dimensional spheres: In 1960, Smale proved it to be true for the 5-sphere, 6-sphere and higher. In 1982, Freedman proved that it was also true for the 4-sphere, for which he was awarded a Fields Medal.

Megafauna

Megafauna are large animals. The word is most used for the Pleistocene megafauna the large land animals of the last ice age, such as mammoths. It is also used for the largest living wild land animals, especially elephants, giraffes, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, elk, condors, etc.

Its use is connected with the discussion about the Holocene extinctions after the ice age. Most of the large land animals which were alive 12,000 years ago are now extinct, and there is much discussion as to what has caused this. The two main theories are hunting by humans, and climate change. Together, these reasons are enough to explain why these previously successful animals are now extinct. Elephant birds on Madagascar were certainly hunted to extinction, as were the Moas in New Zealand. Archaeological sites with evidence of moa hunting are all over New Zealand. The moas became extinct about five hundred years ago. The moas had survived being hunted by Haast's Eagle, but they did not survive being hunted for food by the Maoris.

For many others the climate changes may have been the main reason for their extinction.

90482 Orcus

90482 Orcus (symbol: ), originally known by the provisional designation 2004 DW, is a Kuiper belt object (KBO). It is also a dwarf planet. It was found by Michael Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz on February 17, 2004. It was also seen in pictures from November 8, 1951. Like Pluto it is in orbital resonance with Neptune but it stays on the opposite side of the Sun from Pluto.

A moon of Orcus was found on 22 February 2007.

The satellite was found at 0.25 arcsec from Orcus with magnitude difference of 2.7. Assuming an albedo similar to that of the primary, the magnitude suggests a diameter of about 220 km. It is thought to be a smaller KBO that was captured.


Comfortably Numb

Comfortably Numb is a rock song by Pink Floyd. It was released on their album "The Wall" in 1979. The song is about a rock star who is visited by a doctor. The doctor gives him medicine allowing the rock star to perform again. The lyrics were written by Roger Waters and the music was written by David Gilmour and Roger Waters together. This song became very popular and became part of every Pink Floyd tour since 1981. It was even played by Roger Waters and David Gilmour on their individual solo tours. In 2004 Scissor Sisters released a disco version of the song. It reached number ten in the UK Singles Chart.

Intramuros

Intramuros is a district of the city of Manila in the Philippines. It is surrounded by fortified walls built in the 16th century.

Cucurbitales

The Cucurbitales is an order of flowering plants, included in the rosid group of dicotyledons. This order mostly belongs to tropical areas, with limited presence in subtropic and temperate regions. The order includes various shrubs and trees, together with many herbs and climbing plants.

One of major characteristics of the Cucurbitales is the presence of unisexual flowers, with thick pointed petals (whenever present). The pollination is usually performed by insects, but wind pollination, where flowers use the wind to move pollen from one flower to the next, is also present (in Coriariaceae and Datiscaceae).

The order consists of roughly 2600 species in eight families. The largest families are Begoniaceae (begonia family) with 1400 species and Cucurbitaceae (gourd family) with 825 species.

The large families of Cucurbitales include several economically important plants. Specifically, the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species, such as squash, pumpkin (both from "Cucurbita"), watermelon ("Citrullus vulgaris"), melon and cucumber (both "Cucumis"). The Begoniaceae are known for their horticultural species, of which there are over 130.

Cucurbitaceae

Cucurbitaceae is the plant family with melons, gourds or cucurbits. It includes crops such as cucumbers, squashes (including pumpkins), luffas, melons and watermelons. 

The family lives mostly in the tropics. Its edible fruits were amongst the earliest cultivated plants.

Grapevine, Texas

Grapevine is a city of Tarrant County in the state of Texas in the United States.

Air pump

A air pump is a pump that is used to inflate things, like a basketball. The pump often has a needle at the end and can be used to inflate other objects as well. Bicycle tires are normally filled with air. With extensive use, the tires may lose air and need to be inflated. When the air gets moved, an area of low pressure gets created which fills up with more air.

Bruce Campbell

Bruce Lorne Campbell (born June 22, 1958) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director. He is known for his starring role in the 1981 horror movie "Evil Dead". He has since become a B-movie icon. He starred as Sam Axe in "Burn Notice" on the USA Network. He played Ronald Reagan in season 2 of the FX original series "Fargo" in late 2015.

<br>

Nachos

Nachos are a snack food made with tortilla chips and cheese. Sometimes they have jalapeños, sauce, beans, guacamole or meat on them.

Ignacio "Nacho" Anaya created nachos at the Victory Club in 1940 when Mamie Finan, a regular customer, asked if Anaya could bring her and three other women a different snack than usual. Anaya went to the kitchen and spotted freshly fried pieces of corn tortillas. In a moment of culinary inspiration, he added melted cheese and pickled jalapeño strips. After tasting the snack Anaya created, Finan asked what it was called. Anaya responded, "Well, I guess we can just call them Nacho's Special." The dish was so popular, the owner of the Victory Club, Roberto de los Santos, put Nacho's Special on the menu and the snack quickly spread throughout the world. When the Victory Club closed in 1961, Anaya opened his own restaurant, Nacho's.

Test bay

A test bay is an area used in engineering. It can be a hall, laboratory or even a department. At these places, the produced materials are tested before delivery. To test them, testing guidelines of industry or this firm are used. The test bay is part of the quality management. The protocols written during testing are evidences in case of insurance issues, say.

Unicycle

A unicycle is a pedal vehicle. It is like a bicycle, but it has only one wheel. It has a seat and pedals, but no chain or gears. There is no handlebar, it is steered by gripping the seat with the legs and twisting the body. A rider keeps their balance by moving their arms, and controlling their speed. It is usually used for acting and performing. A unicycle is more expensive than a cheap bicycle, because unicycles are far less common.

There are two kinds of unicycles; giraffe unicycles and traditional unicycles. Giraffe unicycles are much taller than traditional unicycles, and use a chain so that the performer's legs do not have to stretch very far. Giraffe unicycles are mostly used by performers in circuses. 

Unicycles are often used while the performer is simultaneously juggling or plate spinning. To do this, performers usually rock back and forth on the unicycle. This is called "idling". It lets the performer pay attention to what they are doing in their hands, instead of to the ground in front of them. To "idle" a unicycle, performers usually press one foot down, anchoring it in the bottom position of the wheel. This foot both provides support and completes the rocking motion that is necessary to keep the unicycle balanced.

Many other tricks can be done when riding a unicycle. This includes going backwards, riding up and down steps, pedaling with only one foot, hopping in place, wheel-walking (putting the feet on the tire instead of on the pedals) and riding over obstacles.

Chaiyaphum province

Chaiyaphum () is one of the Isan ("north-eastern") provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. As of 2000, 1 million people live there, and has an area of 12,778.3 km². The Governor is Thawon Phrommichai.


The province has 16 districts (amphoe); 124 subdistricts (tambon) and 1393 villages (muban).

Chulabhorn Dam

Chulabhorn Dam (เขื่อนจุฬาภรณ์) is a dam in Thailand. It is named after a princess, Chulabhorn Walailak. The dam is in Tambon Thung Lui Lai, Amphur Kon San, Chaiyaphum Province on the Nam Phrom River. It is 700 metres long and 70 metres high. It holds a reservoir of 31 square kilometres.


Matthew Perry (actor)

Matthew Langford Perry (August 19, 1969 – October 28, 2023) was a Golden Globe and Emmy nominated American and Canadian movie and television actor. He was best known for his work as Chandler Bing in the sitcom "Friends".

Matthew Perry was born in Williamstown, Massachusetts. His mother, Suzanne Jane Louise Morrison (née Langford), is a Canadian journalist. She was a press secretary to Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. Perry's father, John Bennett Perry, is an American actor and model. Perry was a citizen of both the United States and Canada. He was very good at speaking French. 

His parents divorced (broke-up) before his 1st birthday. His mother is re-married to Keith Morrison, a broadcast journalist. Perry was raised by his mother in Ottawa. While growing up in Ontario, Matthew Perry was very interested in tennis. He soon became a top-ranked junior player. He had been good friends with professional tennis player Jennifer Capriati. By age 10, Perry started to steal money, smoke, and beat up fellow student and future Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau. The schools he went to were Rockcliffe Park Public School, Lisgar Collegiate Institute and Ashbury College. All of them are in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

In the past, Perry had problems with alcohol, and addiction to drugs. He started drinking alcohol at an early age. He also was addicted to different drugs, also legal ones, such as painkillers.

He received a Champion of Recovery award in May 2013 from the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy for opening Perry House, a rehab center in his former mansion in Malibu, California. In 2015, Perry sold the mansion and relocated its services.

Perry died on 28 October 2023 at the age of 54. He was found dead in his hot tub at his Los Angeles home. Foul play was not suspected. On December 15, 2023, Perry's death was revealed to have been "acute effects of ketamine". Other causes of death included the effects of buprenorphine, drowning, and coronary artery disease.



Caspar David Friedrich

Caspar David Friedrich (September 5, 1774 – May 7, 1840) was a 19th-century German Romantic landscape painter.

He is best known for landscapes, which typically feature lonely figures against night skies, morning mists or Gothic ruins. 

Alexander Stepanovich Popov

Alexander Stepanovich Popov () ( – ) was a Russian physicist and inventor who first showed how to use electromagnetic (radio) waves, although he did not apply for a patent for his invention.

Dark energy

Dark energy is the name given to the force that is believed to accelerate the expansion of the universe. Distant galaxies appear to be moving away from us at high speed: the idea is that the universe is getting bigger and has been since the Big Bang. Measurements are now accurate enough to allow astronomers to tell that these galaxies seem to be accelerating away from us. The universe is expanding at an increasing rate.
This faster and faster expansion is not understood by scientists. There are many ideas for what might be causing the rapid expansion. However, at the moment, cosmologists who study it do not have an answer. It is "as if" there was something there in empty space providing a repulsive force (Anti-gravity) that makes the universe expand. This has been named dark energy.

A 2011 research article sets out the problem for theoretical physics.


United Nations Environment Programme

The UN Environment Programme (UNEP) is in charge of the United Nations environmental activities, helping developing countries in making environmentally sound policies and encouraging sustainable development through sound environmental practices. It began as a result of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in June 1972 and has its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya. UNEP also has six regional offices and other country offices.

UNEP has helped to develop guidelines and treaties on issues such as the international trade in potentially harmful chemicals, transboundary air pollution, and contamination of international waterways.

The World Meteorological Organization and the UNEP established the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in 1988. UNEP is also one of several Implementing Agencies for the Global Environment Facility (GEF).


Green Revolution

The Green Revolution was a spread of technology by Norman Borlaug, who earned the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970. He is said to have saved over a billion people from starving to death, from the 1930s to the 1960s. 

It was done by the creation of different types of cereal grains which grew more food than average. Also, there was more use of modern systems for watering crops. Food management was made more modern. The spread of hybridized seeds, man-made fertilizers, and pesticides to farmers all helped.

In the 20th century, big spending in modern and scientific research for agriculture led to the growth of more food in industrial countries. The Rockefeller Foundation and Ford Foundation helped to change these scientific technologies to fit the conditions in developing countries. The first research was on rice and wheat, two of the most important food crops for developing countries. Irrigation and the growth of better plant types, in addition to more use of fertilizers and pesticides, led to more food growth in Asia and Latin America, starting in the late 1960s. The term “Green Revolution” was used to mean the large growth in agriculture that happened at this time. The curse part of this reference can now be seen, as population has grown so that problems remain, but with an increased population.

Afrikaans Wikipedia

The Afrikaans Wikipedia () is the Afrikaans-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in November 2001. , the site had over 103,000 articles.

Susan George (political scientist)

Susan George (born 1934) is a well-known writer on Third World poverty, underdevelopment and debt. She is a fellow of the Transnational Institute and is a critic of the present policies of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank. 

She has been a consultant to United Nations agencies and is a frequent public speaker. She is American but lives in France.



Victoria line

The Victoria line is part of the London Underground network. It is a deep-level underground metro line that runs from Brixton in south London to Walthamstow Central in the north-east. It started running in 1968. On the Tube map it is shown with a light blue color. It is the fourth busiest line on the London Underground network. It is the only line on the Underground, other than the two-stop Waterloo & City line, which is completely underground. The only section of track to come above ground is the route to the depot from Seven Sisters to Northumberland Park.

The Underground line has hump-backed stations which allow trains to store gravitational potential energy as they arrive and to then use this energy as they leave the stations. The stations are on top of small hills, or humps. As the train travels up the hill to the station its weight helps it to slow down. As the train leaves the station it travels down the hill, with gravity helping the train to speed up. This saves 5% energy and makes the trains run 9% faster. Each new platform built for the Victoria Line is 132.6 metres long. Around 200 million people use the Victoria line each year.

A new tube railway running from Victoria to Walthamstow was first proposed by a Working Party set up by the British Transport Commission in 1948. The main purpose of the line was to relieve congestion in the central area. The Private Bill needed to build it was introduced into Parliament in 1955. The Bill described a line from Victoria to Walthamstow (Wood Street). There was also a proposal for an extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadway station on the District line, but this was not included in the Bill.

The construction work on the Walthamstow–Victoria section began in 1962. It continued until 1972, when Pimlico station was opened. A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels. The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh visited the line during its construction. In July 1968, they visited the tunnels that were being built under Vauxhall Park.

Barbara Castle, the Minister of Transport gave approval on 4 August 1967 to build the Brixton extension. Preparatory work started at a site on Bessborough Gardens near to Vauxhall Bridge Road in May 1967. On 28 June 1968, Richard Marsh, then Minister of Transport approved the proposal to build a station at Pimlico.

The name "Victoria line" dates back to 1955. Other suggestions were "Walvic line" (Walthamstow Central station–Victoria station) and "Viking line" (Victoria station–King's Cross station). During the planning stages, it was known as "Route C". Later, it was named the Victoria line after Victoria Station by David McKenna. This suggestion was seconded by Sir John Elliot.

The Victoria line was designed to get rid of build-ups of traffic on other lines, such as the Piccadilly line. It was also designed to have as many interchanges as possible, and all stations except Pimlico have an interchange with at least one other London Underground or National Rail line. It had been intended to build the line past Walthamstow Central to Wood Street (Walthamstow), where it would come above ground to terminate next to the British Railways station. However, a late decision in 1961 saw the line cut back to Walthamstow Central station. Until 1968 this station was called Walthamstow (Hoe Street).

Each Victoria line station apart from Pimlico was built as an interchange station and several existing stations were re–arranged to allow for cross-platform interchange with it. In some cases this was achieved by placing the Victoria line platforms on either side of the existing station. In others the Victoria line uses one of the older platforms and the existing line was moved toto a new platform.

At Euston, northbound Victoria and Northern line (Bank branch) trains run along platforms next to each other, although they are travelling in opposite directions. "Same-direction" cross-platform interchanges are available at Stockwell (with the Northern line), Oxford Circus (with the Bakerloo line), Highbury & Islington (with First Capital Connect, originally the Northern City Line) and at Finsbury Park (with the Piccadilly line).

All Victoria line stations were originally tiled in a light blue colour. Each station was decorated with tiled motifs on seating recesses to differentiate them from each other. During the construction of the Jubilee line in the late 1970s, the original motifs on Green Park station were replaced by motifs matching the new design for the Jubilee line platforms.

Platform humps were installed on all Victoria Line stations, except for Pimlico, during late 2010 and 2011. This was done to provide step-free access to trains. The Rail Vehicle Accessibility (Non Interoperable Rail System) Regulations 2010 and the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 created the need for the humps to be installed. The humps are a ramp type, similar to those being installed on some mainline stations. They are of a masonry construction.

The first section opened was between Walthamstow Central and Highbury & Islington. There was no opening ceremony for this. The normal timetable started on 1 September 1968. The first train left Walthamstow Central for Highbury & Islington at about 7:32 am. Later that year, the section between Highbury & Islington and Warren Street was opened. Again there was no ceremony.

The official opening ceremony for the line took place at Victoria station on 7 March 1969. Queen Elizabeth II unveiled a commemorative plaque on the station concourse. After a short ceremony, she bought a 5d (old pence) ticket and travelled to Green Park. In new pence this would be about 2.08p. This made her the first monarch to ride the Underground.

Princess Alexandra opened the Brixton extension on 23 July 1971. She rode the train from Brixton to Vauxhall.

Trains run every two minutes during peak periods (when its the busiest). In normal service, all trains run from Brixton to Seven Sisters. About three out of five continue to Walthamstow Central.

When the line first opened it was served by a fleet of 8-car 1967 tube stock trains. Each is made up of two four-car units. Later on, a number of cars of 1972 Mark I tube stock were adapted to work with the 1967 stock. This meant that there were finally 43 trains, each of which was made up of two four-car units. The 1967 tube stock was replaced by 2009 tube stock between 2009 and 2011 (see below).

At first, an articulated type of rolling stock was thought about. This idea was not used because it would have been too hard to move the stock to Acton Works for heavy overhauls. This is no longer a problem since train overhauls have been moved away from Acton Works to the builders' own works. The new 2009 tube stock is wider and the carriage is slightly longer. This means it can only run on the Victoria line, as it is too wide for the tunnels of other deep level tube lines.

The line has an Automatic Train Operation system (ATO). The train operator (driver) closes the train doors and presses a pair of "start" buttons. If the way ahead is clear, the ATO drives the train at a safe speed to the next station and stops there. This system has been in place since the line opened in 1968. This makes the Victoria line the world's first full-scale automatic railway.

When the Victoria line was built, there were severe budget restrictions. As a result, the station infrastructure standards were lower than on older lines and on later extension projects. Examples of these lower standards include narrower than usual platforms and undecorated ceilings at Walthamstow Central, Blackhorse Road and Tottenham Hale. This also affects lighting levels. At most stations between the up and down escalators there is a concrete staircase where an additional escalator could be installed, but has not been fitted. It can cause severe congestion at peak times. This has been remedied at Brixton in 2004 and at Vauxhall in 2006 where an additional escalator has been installed in place of the fixed stairway.

In addition, there have been station closures for safety reasons, when both escalators have been unserviceable. Over many years, heavy equipment has been installed in fenced-off sections at the ends of platforms owing to the lack of anywhere else to install them. It is not clear from Transport for London's Five-Year Investment Programme whether these shortcomings are likely to be remedied.

The 1967 stock was replaced bit by bit from July 2009 as part of Transport for London's 5-year £10 billion redevelopment project. The replacement for the line's 1967 tube stock is the 2009 tube stock built by Bombardier Transportation. The first train was built in 2006. Testing of the new trains began in 2008. The main fleet began to be introduced in 2009 and went into main service in 2010. The last of the 1967 stock trains ran on 30 June 2011, after which the whole service was provided by 2009 stock.

Supporters of Tottenham Hotspur (and the club itself) have campaigned for a surface station to be opened next to Northumberland Park Station, next to the line's depot. This would provide an improvement in transport links, seen as essential if the club's wish to redevelop their ground and increase crowd capacity is to become a reality. The idea was looked into but Network Rail own the necessary land and need it for their own expansion plans.

When Crossrail 2 is built, it will lower the number of passengers on the Victoria line (there are too many at the moment). It will offer an alternative route across Central London between Victoria and King's Cross St. Pancras.

For many years there have been proposals to extend southwards from Brixton one stop to Herne Hill. Herne Hill is a railway station that can link passengers to Kent and other places. The tube station would be on a large reversing loop with one platform. This would remove a problem of having too many trains by getting rid if the need for trains to reverse at Brixton. However, this would cost too much money for how little it would actually help passengers. Given that the line is very overcrowded, this is the only extension that could ever happen.

Northumberland Park Depot is the service and storage area for trains on the Victoria Line. It is the only part of the line not in tunnel. It is next to Northumberland Park railway station, on Tottenham Marshes, Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey.

The Depot is connected to the Victoria Line by a tunnelled branch line to a junction to the north of Seven Sisters. It was opened with the first stage of the line in 1968.

There is a local campaign for platforms for the Victoria Line to be built at Northumberland Park station. This is supported by the Haringey Council and by Tottenham Hotspur F.C. because the club thinks the new platforms are necessary for their plans to increase capacity at their White Hart Lane ground.

Stern Review

The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is a 700-page report released on 30 October 2006 by economist Lord Nicholas Stern for the British government. 

It discusses the effect of climate change and global warming on the world economy. It is the largest and most widely known and discussed report of its kind.
Nicholas Stern, called the "world’s top climate economist", endorses 350 ppm as “a very sensible long-term target.”

Lord Stern was the co-chairperson of the of "Global Commission for the Economy and Climate".


Manuel Pino

Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona. Opposition to uranium mining has played a big role in Pino's life. He has written about "The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture". He has spoken out at many international conferences about victims of uranium mining, depleted uranium, and associated cancer deaths. In 2008, Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award.



Jacqui Katona

Jacqui Katona is an Aboriginal woman who tried to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory. In 1998 the Mirrar Aboriginal people, together with environmental groups, created one of the largest protests in Australia's history. Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize because she protected her country and culture against uranium mining.



Third rail

A third rail is a metal railway track that is placed on either side of a train track to provide electrical power to trains traveling along the tracks. They are often used on subways and local train services. Before third rails, electricity was carried in overhead wires.

In the 19th century engineers found ways to use electricity to power trains. Scottish engineer Robert Davidson designed and built an electric locomotive in 1837 using batteries. Locomotives powered by batteries could not be used on the main railways due to the frequent need to charge them.

German engineer Werner von Siemens in 1879 designed the first reliable electric locomotive to carry passengers. Siemens' design used a 2.2kW electric motor and had a top speed of just over 13 km/h. This new locomotive hauled three passenger cars along a 300 meter circular railway track and carried about 90,000 people in four months during its trail run at the Berlin Industrial Exhibition. Siemens' electric locomotive was the first train to use a third rail and power was provided by a dynamo built for this purpose.

Early electric trains were unable to access a widely available and reliable source of electricity. A network of electricity that went wherever the rail line network went was needed. Whilst many modern long distance trains use an overhead wire system to provide power, the third rail was the first successful means of supplying power. It remains very much in use world-wide today, especially in local and rapid transit systems.

The third rail is usually located outside the two running rails, but occasionally between them. The electricity is transmitted to the train by means of a sliding shoe, which is held in contact with the rail. On many systems an insulating cover is provided above the third rail to protect employees working near the track; sometimes the shoe is designed to contact the side (called side running) or bottom (called bottom running) of the third rail, allowing the protective cover to be mounted directly to its top surface. When the shoe slides on top, it is referred to as top running. When the shoe slides on the bottom it is not affected by the build-up of snow or leaves.

Third rails typically carry hundreds of volts in high amperage current. This makes them very dangerous. In 2005 American James Maki fell onto the third rail at a Boston rail station and suffered extensive and disfiguring injuries. As part of his treatment he became the second American recipient of a face transplant. Many deaths occur around the world each year due to human contact with a third rail. In New York City, there have been multiple cases of people dying because they have urinated on the third rail.



Yonge Street

Yonge Street (pronounced "young") is a main street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and its northern suburbs. It was once listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the longest street in the world and is listed as a national historic site. It was the site of Canada's first subway line.

Yonge Street is the home of or close to many places of interest in Toronto, including street and theatre acts, the Eaton Centre, the Hockey Hall of Fame and–at the very start of the road–'One Yonge Street', the offices of the "Toronto Star" newspaper. The Yonge Line of the Toronto subway under or along it from south of King Street to Finch Avenue. The Viva Blue BRT line goes along Yonge from Finch to Newmarket Bus Terminal.

Yonge Street is thought to be Toronto's main street, because of it splits the city into east and west, and the has the Yonge subway line running under it. It is also the main place people come to celebrate events.

Parts of the street are often closed for events, such as an yearly street party. Toronto's annual Gay Pride, Orange Order, and Santa Claus parades also use Yonge Street for a large part of their routes. Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot has a song about Yonge Street, titled "On Yonge Street", on his album "A Painter Passing Through".

On April 23, 2018 a white van collided with numerous pedestrians killing nine and injuring sixteen others at Yonge Street.





Dinoflagellate

The dinoflagellates are a large group of flagellate protists. About half are photosynthetic, the rest are mostly heterotroph predators of other protists. The ones which are photosynthetic are sometimes loosely called 'algae'; the one which are predators are sometimes loosely called 'protozoa'. 

They have been classified as an order, a class and a phylum by different authors. Research is being done on their relationships.

Most are marine plankton, but they are common in fresh water habitats as well. Their populations vary with sea surface temperature, salinity, and depth. The group includes many symbionts and bioluminescent species.

About 1,555 species of free-living marine dinoflagellates are described at present. The latest estimates suggest a total of 2,294 living dinoflagellate species, which includes marine, freshwater and parasitic dinoflagellates.

Some dinoflagellates are zooxanthellae: endosymbionts of marine eukaryotes, and animals such as anthozoan corals. These reef-building corals largely depend on them. Other organisms which can host zooxanthellae include jellyfish, clams, foraminifera, sea slugs i.e. nudibranchs, and also ciliates and radiolaria.

Dinoflagellates are responsible for the 'red tides' which may poison fish. They sometimes bloom in concentrations of more than a million cells per millilitre. Some species produce neurotoxins, which in such quantities kill fish and accumulate in filter feeders such as shellfish, which in turn may pass them on to people who eat them. This phenomenon is called a red tide, from the color the bloom imparts to the water. Not all dinoflagellate blooms are dangerous. Bluish flickers visible in ocean water at night often come from blooms of bioluminescent dinoflagellates, which emit short flashes of light when disturbed.

Although classified as eukaryotes, the dinoflagellate nuclei lack some key features of eukaryotic nuclei. In fact, Dodge called the dinoflagellate nucleus "mesokaryotic", because it had intermediate characteristics between the coiled DNA areas of prokaryotic bacteria and the well-defined eukaryotic nucleus. This group, however, does have typically eukaryotic organelles, such as Golgi complexes, mitochondria and chloroplasts.

The group contains many complex organelles and life styles. Some have structures rather like vertebrates eyes; some have nematocysts; some live as plasmodia (multinucleate forms); some have two flagella; photosynthetic dinoflagellates contain a "bewildering array" of plastid types; and the whole of their genetics and cell biology is eccentric.

Fossil dinoflagellates are important in "stratigraphy", the dating and correlation of strata. During their life, dinoflagellates have a mobile planktonic form and a resistant cyst phase which enables them to survive over winter in sediment. Only the cyst gets fossilised. Their first certain appearance is in the Silurian period, with a big radiation in the Mesozoic era. They are classified as Phylum Dinomastigota by Margulis and colleagues.

Dinoflagellates leave fossil dinocysts. These have a long geological record: the earliest (lowest) occurrence is from the mid-Triassic. Geochemical markers suggest a presence in the early Cambrian.


Epiphyte

An epiphyte is a plant which grows on another plant, without being a parasite. The term is also be used for bacteria, fungi, lichens and mosses which grow on plants. However, most epiphytes (89%) are flowering plants; and about a third of all ferns are epiphytes. 

An epiphyte gets its moisture and nutrients from the air and rain, and sometimes from debris accumulating around it. The ones in the temperate zone are often mosses, liverworts, lichens and algae, and in the tropics ferns, cacti, orchids, and bromeliads.

Sometimes such plants are called air plants, because they do not root in soil. This is misleading though, as there are many aquatic epiphytes as well. Epiphytic organisms only take support from the host; they are usually not parasites. Parasitic and semi-parasitic plants, like the mistletoe are not true epiphytes.

Epiphytes usually use photosynthesis to get energy; often they have adapted their leaves to be able to capture rainwater (and moisture from the air) if they are not aquatic.

Epiphytes are important for other species too, certain frogs live in the water reservoir of epiphytes.

Miniature sheet

A miniature sheet or souvenir sheet is a small group of postage stamps still attached to the sheet on which they were printed. They may be either regular issues that just happen to be printed in small groups, or special issues often commemorating some event, such as a national anniversary, philatelic exhibition, or government program. The number of stamps ranges from one to about 25; larger sheets of stamps are simply called "sheets" with no qualifier.

The stamps on the sheet may be perforated in the usual way, or imperforate. The margins or selvage of the sheet may have additional printing, ranging from a simple statement of the occasion being commemorated, up to a full picture of which the stamp(s) are just a small part.


Sheet

Sheet might mean:

Vietnamese Wikipedia

The Vietnamese Wikipedia () is the Vietnamese-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in November 2002.

It is the 11th largest edition by article count.

As of 2024, it has about articles.

Mohammed Rafi

Mohammed Rafi (, , December 24, 1924 – July 31, 1980) was an Indian playback singer who primarily sang in Hindi for the Bollywood industry. In a career of over 40 years, Rafi sang more than 26,000 songs in the national languages of India and sometimes in other languages.

In 1944, Rafi moved to Mumbai. Rafi appeared in two movies. In 1945, he appeared on the screen for the song "Tera Jalwa Jis Ne Dekha" in the film "Laila Majnu". He sang a number of songs as part of the chorus, including with K. L. Saigal from the movie "Shahjahan" (1946). Rafi sang in Mehboob Khan's "Anmol Ghadi" (1946). He had a duet with Noor Jehan in the 1947 film "Jugnu", "Yahan Badla Wafa Ka". After partition, Rafi decided to stay in India. Noor Jehan migrated to Pakistan and made a pair with playback singer Ahmed Rushdi.

In 1949, Rafi was given solo songs by music directors such as Naushad, Shyam Sunder, and Husnalal Bhagatram.

In his early career, Rafi associated with many contemporary music directors, most notably Naushad Ali. In the late 1950s and 1960s, he worked with other composers of the era such as O. P. Nayyar, Shankar Jaikishan, S.D. Burman and Roshan.

In the early 1970s, Rafi recorded fewer songs. He made a comeback as a leading singer in 1974.

On Thursday, July 31, 1980, Rafi died at 10:50 p.m., following a massive heart attack. He had four sons (Saeed Rafi, Khalid Rafi, Hamid Rafi, Shahid Rafi), three daughters (Parveen, Nasreen, Yasmin) and 18 grandchildren.

EMPAC

The Curtis R. Priem Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center (EMPAC) is a big concert hall and place for arts at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York. It opened on October 3, 2008. It has a lot of high tech things in it.


Kingston, Ontario

Kingston, Ontario is a Canadian city at the eastern end of Lake Ontario. Here the lake runs into the St. Lawrence River and the Thousand Islands begin.

Kingston is the county seat of Frontenac County. According to the
2006 Canadian Census, there were 117,207 people living in Kingston.

Kingston is nicknamed the ""Limestone City"" because of the many old and important buildings built from the local limestone.

The city sits besides Fort Henry and the Rideau Canal which was registered in 2007 as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Kingston is a very old and historic city. It has been the site of battles between Canada and the United States. It was also the Capital of Canada at one time.

CFMK 96.3

CFLY 98.3


Loon

A loon is a bird that lives on water. It is in the order Gaviiformes. This is an order of aquatic birds, the loons or divers and their closest extinct relatives.

Loons are the size of a large duck or a small goose. Loons can be hard to find because they are shy around people. The name "loon" is from the Scandinavian word for "clumsy". Loons are the state bird of Minnesota. Loons are found in most parts of North America (there are five North American species) and northern Eurasia. They enjoy cool climates in the summer and migrate to ocean coasts in the winter.

Loons can dive up to 200 feet underwater for food. Their bodies are shaped for diving. To dive better, they have solid bones (most birds' bones are hollow) and feet placed far back for swimming under the water. They have black (or grey)-and-white heads, pale breasts, and striped back feathers. 

Loons can lay up to two eggs. The females are brownish in color which helps them blend into their surroundings. Both the male and female parent take turns sitting on the eggs. After hatching, they fly south when the weather gets cool. The young loons spend three years in the south before returning to the north.

They are best known for their loud, trumpeting call. They also make melodic, wailing or laughing sounds. Loons communicate to each other through their sounds. They also communicate with humans and other animals through dance. Loons warn others to stay away from their nests by dancing on the water. Loons are protective parents and will dance to exhaustion and death to protect their eggs. Raccoons, gulls, and skunks have been known to devour loon eggs. 

Loons eat fish like sunfish, perch, and bullheads. Loons do not chew their food. They have elastic throats that allow the loon to swallow their food whole. When they swallow fish, their throat expands to the size of the fish they eat so they do not choke. 

Scientists band, or tag loons to try to understand more about them. Their life style is similar to the grebes, but they are a different group of birds.

Beamish Museum

Beamish, The North of England Open Air Museum is an open air museum. It is at Beamish, near the town of Stanley, County Durham England.

Crossbow

The crossbow, or arbalest, is a bow which consists of a bow-like arc called "prod" and cross-wise body called "stock" and trigger mechanism. The crossbow is an invention in which the stock, a piece of wood is mounted on two other crossing pieces. Crossbows shoot short arrows called "bolts" which are similar to arrows. The crossbow was first created by the Chinese people in circa 6 B.C. The crossbow was introduced to China during the Warring States period. This period lasted over three centuries where neighbouring Chinese states fought mercilessly for dominance and territory. Throughout this span of time the crossbow evolved which made it easier to carry and improved firing accuracy. This highly sought after weapon led to the success of the Han and Song empires.

The Greeks invented crossbow separately in 4th century B.C. The Romans called the weapon "arcuballista". Crossbow was a very popular weapon in the Middle Ages as it was strong and accurate and could be used as a sharpshooter weapon. The Arabs call crossbow "qaws Ferengi", "Frankish bow", as the Crusaders used crossbow a lot. A good crossbow can shoot the bolt with such immense power that it may pierce armour. Against unarmoured light opponents, even a single bolt may be lethal.

Compared to the ordinary bow, the crossbows have good and bad sides to them. They fire much stronger and much more accurately than ordinary bows, and shooting accurately with a crossbow is easier to learn than shooting with an ordinary bow. On the other hand, because the prod is short and therefore very stiff, a crossbow will take much longer time to load, and a crossbow does not have as good accurate range than a longbow. Many crossbows have crank or windlass mechanisms to pull the string in drawn position. Also many crossbows do have safety mechanisms to prevent an accidental shot.

Crossbow shooting is today a popular sport.

Sonic Battle

Sonic Battle is a fighting video game for the Game Boy Advance that came out on January 5, 2004. The game is made by THQ, Sonic Team and Sega. People can play as Sonic the Hedgehog, Tails the Fox, Knuckles the Echidna, Shadow the Hedgehog, Rouge the Bat, Amy Rose, Cream the Rabbit, E-102 Gamma, Chaos 0, or a new character called Emerl.

List of ICD-9 codes

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 9th Revision (ICD-9) is list of codes that classify diseases and medical problems. These codes are in the public domain. The ICD is published by the World Health Organization. There have been many revisions, or updated versions, of the ICD. The ICD-9 is the ninth version.

The ICD-9 gives a special, unique code to:



Pathos

Pathos () () is a form of rhetorics. Qualities of a fictional or nonfiction work that cause feelings of sorrow or pity. Over emotionalism can be the result of too much pathos.

Coeliac disease

Coeliac disease (Celiac disease in American English) is an autoimmune disorder in people when the indigestion of gluten leads to problems in the body. If someone with coeliac disease eats something with gluten (for example, wheat, rye, barley), cells inside the body attack the lining of the intestine. This means that they cannot digest food properly, making them unable to have enough energy, vitamins, or minerals. Children may be unable to grow taller or gain weight properly. People with coeliac disease often lose weight. They are also often tired.

People with coeliac disease often have bloating and pain in their stomach area, diarrhoea or steatorrhea. These symptoms can lead to flatulence. Their stomachs also start to hurt and they might suffer from joint pains, seizures, rashes, fatigue, slowness in growth and puberty, loss in weight, loss of bone density and fertility issues.

To relieve the effects of coeliac disease, one must stop eating gluten. There are no medicines or cure that can stop coeliac disease. To get fully better, it usually takes about two years of not eating gluten, during which time the previously damaged intestine might recover. They must remain on a gluten-free diet for the rest of their life in order to treat this condition.

Coeliac disease is genetic and relatives (such as children, siblings, parents) with this disease have a 1 in 10 chance of developing coeliac disease. This means that the person affected by it is born with genes that cause the immune system to react poorly to gluten. However, Coeliac disease is not always present during childhood. It can be triggered as an adult by an event such as hormone shifts or illness.

To find out if a person has coeliac disease, doctors look in the blood to see if they have the cells that attack the intestine when gluten is eaten. The protein that attacks the intestine is called an antibody. Antibodies are produced by white blood cells, and they normally stop illnesses from growing in the body, but in the case of coeliac disease, one of the antibodies thinks that gluten is something that will cause illness. Doctors can also look into the patient's intestines with a camera on a tube called an endoscope. This can show if the intestines are being or have been damaged because of coeliac disease.


George S. Patton

George Smith Patton, Jr. (also George Smith Patton III) (November 11, 1885 – December 21, 1945) was a U.S. Army officer. He was in the army from 1909 until he died in 1945. He was in charge of many soldiers and he worked to defeat Nazi Germany during World War 2 in Europe. He was sent to the North African Campaign in 1942 after the United States led by Franklin D. Roosevelt declared war on Nazi Germany after the Japanese Empire attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 because Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party supported Japanese Emperor Hirohito after Hermann Göring the Luftwaffe Commander and Erich Raeder the Admiral of the Kriegsmarine urged Hitler to declare war on America . George Smith Patton was also involved in the Allied invasion of Sicily,Allied invasion of Italy and D Day in 1944 one of the biggest Battles fighting against the Nazis during World War 2 .

Patton was born on November 11, 1885 in San Gabriel, California. Patton was married to Beatrice Banning Ayer from 1910 until his death in 1945. They had a son. Patton died on December 21, 1945 after a car crash in Heidelberg, Germany, aged 60. He was later buried at American Cemetery and Memorial in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. In the movie Patton (1970 Film) was portrayed by George S Scot . 

<br>

Foreign relations of Pakistan

Pakistan is the second largest Muslim country in terms of population (behind Indonesia). Pakistan is the only Muslim country known to have nuclear weapons. Pakistan is also an important member of the Organization of the Islamic Conference.

Pakistan is an active member of the United Nations. Pakistan had some problems with its foreign relations. Pakistan's relations with its neighbor, India is mostly not good. They have been fighting over the disputed territory of Kashmir, over which they have fought two to three wars. Pakistan has also had difficult relations with neighbors Afghanistan and Iran. Pakistan has had a long and good relationship with China. Pakistan has interest over the Persian Gulf and has wide-ranging bilateral relations with the United States and other Western countries.

Pakistan distrusted the Soviet Union during much of the Cold War. Because of this Pakistan had strong relations with both the United States of America and the People's Republic of China. 

Pakistan was a member of the American-sponsored CENTO and SEATO military alliances. Pakistans' alliance with the United States was especially close after the Soviets invaded the neighboring country of Afghanistan. In 1964, Pakistan signed the Regional Cooperation for Development (RCD) Pact with Turkey and Iran, when all three countries were closely allied with the U.S., and as neighbors of the Soviet Union, wary of perceived Soviet expansionism. To this day, Pakistan has had a close relationship with Turkey. RCD became defunct after the Iranian Revolution, and a Pakistani-Turkish initiative led to the founding of the Economic Cooperation Organization in 1985. For several years, Pakistan's relations with the Republic of India have been improving, which opened up Pakistan's foreign policy to issues beyond security. 

White rhinoceros

The white rhinoceros or square-lipped rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum") is one of the five species of rhinoceros that still exist and is one of the few megafauna species left. It has a wide mouth used for grazing and is the most social of all rhino species. 

The northern subspecies has all but died out; the southern is rare.

Picture frame

A picture frame is usually a rectangular or oval shaped object designed to hold, protect and display a painting, drawing, or photograph. Most picture frames are made of wood or metal, and may have a glass cover. Some can be attached to walls, while others can stand up on a flat surface. The frames can be works of art themselves.

Persian blue

The color Persian blue is named from the blue color of some Persian pottery and the color of tiles used in and on mosques and palaces in Iran and in other places in the Middle East. "Persian blue" is a representation of the color of the mineral lapis lazuli which comes from Persia and Afghanistan. (The color azure is also named after the mineral lapis lazuli.)

The first recorded use of "Persian blue" as a color name in English was in 1669.

The interior of the Shah Mosque in the city of Isfahan in Iran is lavishly decorated with Persian blue colored tiles.


Tim Flannery

Professor Tim Flannery (born 28 January 1956) is an Australian mammalogist, palaeontologist and global warming activist. Flannery was Australian of the Year in 2007 and previously was a professor at Macquarie University. He left Macquarie University in mid-2013. Flannery is also the chairman of the Copenhagen Climate Council, an international climate change awareness group.He also has a wife/spouse named Alexandra Szalay who is also a scientist and Italian


Phuket Giant Budha

Buddha statue formal name is : "Puttamingmongkol Akenakkiri"'
(พระมิ่งมงคลเอกนาคคีรี) It is a buddha being built in Phuket island of Thailand. Once complete, it will be 45 metres tall with a base diametre of 25 metres. It looks towards Phang Nga Bay in the east and backs towards Andaman Sea in the west. The partially completed Buddha is open to visitors and there is no charge to enter the site, although there are many opportunities to make voluntary donations. It is believed to cost no less than 30 million Thai baht. 


Stellar precession

Stellar precession is one of the ways the stars slowly move across the sky when seen from the Earth. The best-known thing this causes is making the north star's place in the sky slowly change over thousands of years. It is caused by the Sun's gravity pulling the Earth's poles toward itself. Because the Earth's poles are tilted at an angle of 23.42 degrees from straight up in relation to its orbit, this causes the North Pole to seem to point at different places in the sky. While the orientation of the Earth with respect to the stars changes, the axial tilt remains constant. 

Although it takes a very long time for the pole to make a whole circle in the sky (almost 26,000 years), even over the time period that humans have had writing, this has made a big difference in what star is seen as the north star. When the ancient Egyptians built the pyramids about 4,000 years ago, they used the stars to make the edges line up with north and south. However, they did not use the same north star that we do because Earth's North Pole pointed at a different star than it does today. 

Astronomers have known about this movement for a very long time, calling it the precession of the equinoxes. Most people think that Hipparchus discovered it in ancient Greece in about 130 BC, but some people think that even the ancient Egyptians may have known about it.

Harem

Harem means the women and the place where they live in a polygynous household. Most men are not allowed in there. The word "harem" comes from the Turkish word "haram", meaning a sacred, forbidden place. Harems were meant for the royal upbringing of the future wives of noble and royal men. These women would be educated so that they were ready to appear in public as a royal wife. 

In the West people thought that harems (especially those in the Ottoman Empire) were brothels full of women who gave themselves up to please rich men. 

In modern terms the word maybe used to describe a group of admiring women attracted to one man.

Chlorpromazine

Chlorpromazine, also known by its trade name Thorazine, is an antipsychotic drug. It is typically used to treat Schizophrenia. It has also been used to treat bipolar disorder. It has been shown to help uncontrollable hiccups disappear. It is also used to help with nausea and vomiting. Chlorpromazine was developed in 1950, making it the oldest antipsychotic drug.

K'naan

K'naan (born Kaynaane Warsame in Somalia in 1978) is a Somali-Canadian poet, rapper and musician. Warsame started writing music in 2002 when recorded songs for his first album released in 2005 called "The Dusty Foot Philosopher". He then made a live album in 2007 called "The Dusty Foot in the Road". In February 2009, he released his third studio album "Troubadour". 

K'naan including a bunch of Canadian singers called ""Young Artists for Haiti"" remade the song "Wavin' Flag" for the Earthquake in Haiti.



East Anglia Transport Museum

The East Anglia Transport Museum is a transport museum that is completely outside. It has lots of old public transport vehicles. Lots of them are also able to operate. It is the only place in England where visitors can ride on buses, trams trolleybuses and a narrow gauge railway in the same museum.



Terry Butcher

Terence Ian "Terry" Butcher (born 28 December 1958 in Singapore) is the manager of the Scottish Premier League side Inverness Caledonian Thistle.

He was once a professional player. He played as defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s. He was also a captain of England and won 77 caps in his career of ten years.

He was born in Singapore but spent his childhood in Lowestoft, Suffolk. There he attended The Denes High School. He also met his wife Rita there. He got a chance to join Norwich City youth team, but refused it.

Butcher made his debut for Ipswich against Everton in the First Division on 15 April 1978. Over the next eight seasons, he became the club's central defender. His good performance was noticed by then England coach Ron Greenwood. He gave him his debut in a friendly against Australia in 1980.

In 1981, Butcher played in the Ipswich side that won the UEFA Cup under Bobby Robson. That year the club cape close to its first League title since 1962. However Aston Villa defeated them and won the title.

In 1986, Butcher left Ipswich when they were relegated. He became one of the first 'English invasion' players to join Scottish club Rangers. This was after Graeme Souness became its manager. Souness, the former Liverpool player, paid Ipswich £725,000 for him in July 1986.

As captain, he led them to three League titles in four seasons. They also won two Scottish League Cups.

In November 1987 he broke his leg during Scottish Premier Division fixture against Aberdeen. He could not play for the rest of the season. Before he was injured, Butcher was close to signing a £1million return to England with Manchester United. His injury cancelled this signing. United manager Alex Ferguson signed Norwich City's Steve Bruce instead.

His last Rangers game came in September 1990. Rangers lost 2-1 league against Dundee United in the match. His performance in that match was bad and he was dropped from the side. Leeds United manager Howard Wilkinson talked with Graeme Souness about bringing Butcher back to England, but when Butcher did depart from Ibrox it was in a £400,000 deal to become player-manager of Coventry City on 15 November 1990. 

Ipswich Town

Rangers

Individual

Inverness Caledonian Thistle

Individual

Toronto subway

The Toronto subway and RT is the main rapid transit (RT) railway system in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is run by the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). Since the first part under Yonge Street opened in 1954 with 12 stations, the system has grown to be Canada's biggest rapid transit rail system. It has four lines and 69 stations on 68.3 km of track. The subway system is used very often and has the most number of passengers of any system in Canada. It has an average of 948,100 passenger trips each weekday (as of 2010).

The system is was made bigger on the western part of the Yonge–University Line with new tracks and stations being made north to York University, Steeles Avenue, and Vaughan Corporate Centre in York Region. The Government of Ontario said on March 23, 2006 that it will give $670 million for this new work, which is less than one-third of the total money needed. The new track is about 8.6 km long and was built with six new stations: Downsview Park, Finch West, York University, Pioneer Village, Highway 407, and the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre. It was expected to cost about $2 billion.

The first part of the subway, replaced a very busy streetcar route, and followed Yonge Street from Eglinton Avenue south to Front Street, then turned west for one block to end at Bay Street, next to the city's main railway station Union Station and so the subway station was also called Union. This line was finished in 1954 and was 7.4 km long.

In 1963 another part was added, that went north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets.

The Bloor-Danforth Line opened up in 1966 along Bloor Street and Danforth Avenue from Keele Street to Woodbine Avenue, and was made longer in 1968 to run from Islington Avenue to Warden station at Warden and St. Clair Avenues. 

The routing of the line across the Don Valley was possible because of a choice made more than forty years before. When the Prince Edward Viaduct was built across the Don River in 1919, its design included twin decks below the road to allow for future rail lines. This made it possible for the subway to cross the Don Valley to Danforth Avenue on the east side.

The Yonge-University line was extended north 8.7 km from Eglinton Avenue to Finch Avenue and Yonge in 1973 and 1974.

More track (9.9 km) was added to the Yonge-University Line in 1978 when it was extended from St. George and Bloor, north and northwest to Eglinton Avenue and Allen Road, then north along the middle of Allen Road to Wilson Avenue. 

In October 1976, an arson (a fire set on purpose) destroyed subway cars and damage to Christie station. This caused the closure of the Bloor-Danforth Line for three days, and closed Christie station for some time for repairs. More track was added in 1980 at both ends of the Bloor-Danforth Line. These extensions each added one station, bus bays, and, on the eastern end, room to connect to the Scarborough RT.
With six stations on 6.8 km of track, the Scarborough RT is a line built almost all above the ground, and which has no direct tracks that connect to the other lines and uses a different trains. It uses the Intermediate Capacity Transit System (ICTS) trains which are very different from subway trains. The route is fully separate from road traffic and pedestrians, the stations are fully covered, and the trains have many doors that use high platforms. 

An extra 1.6 km was added to the north end of the Spadina part of the Yonge-University-Spadina Line, adding one station (Downsview), with parking for buses. 

In August 1995, the TTC had a really bad subway accident in what it calls the Russell Hill accident, on the Yonge-University-Spadina Line south of St. Clair West station. Three women died and 100 people were injured, a few badly. 

The subway's newest line, Sheppard, opened in 2002. It runs 5.5 km east, under Sheppard Avenue from Sheppard station on the Yonge line (now called Sheppard-Yonge), to Don Mills station at Sheppard and Don Mills Road. The Sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines, and shorter trains run on it.

In its over fifty-year history, the first baby to be born on a TTC subway station platform only occurred recently on February 6, 2006. This incident occurred at Wellesley station and caused delays on the subway system. It was front-page news for many days.

An automatic voice system was added to announce each station (such as; "The next station is Bloor, Bloor station.") which ended the need for the train operator to announce each stop. The automated system is used in the whole subway and RT system.

Until recently, the TTC did not have plans to expand the subway during the last twenty years but only had plans to build new above-ground rapid transit lines based upon streetcars travelling in closed lanes on streets. Today there are plans to build new subway lines under the ground, including extensions to the Spadina-University line and two lines in the central section of the city south of Bloor-Danforth.

Like most subways, the Toronto subway/RT trains get electricity from a third rail that runs next to the tracks. 'Shoes' (pieces of metal that touch the third-rail) mounted on both sides of each coach for contact. Power is supplied at 600 V DC.

A train guard opens and closes the subway car doors, and makes sure no one is trapped in a door as the train leaves a station. The train guard tells the driver when it is okay to leave. The car carrying the guard can be identified by the white or the orange light outside the subway car. 

On weekdays and Saturday, subway service runs from approximately 6:00 am to 1:30 am, but Sunday service begins at 9:00 am. Start times on holidays may vary.

"For complete lists and details of stations, lines, and their locations in the Toronto subway/RT system, see List of Toronto subway and RT stations."

Most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question. A few are named for major landmarks, such as shopping centres or other transportation stations near the station. 

All trains stop at every station along their route and run the entire length of their line from end to end.




Nicole Anderson

Nicole Gale Anderson (born August 29, 1990 in Rochester, Indiana) is an American actress.

Nicole has been performing and acting since she was younger. She had enrolled in gymnastics at 3-years-old, after 10 years of gymnastics, she took state championships and one national championship.

Nicole had won a scholarship to the Barbizon modeling school in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 13. She had several printing ads and commercials such as: "Mary Kate and Ashley Online Clothing", "Every Girl", "Stand Up", and "Bratz-Pretty 'n' Punk & Treasures".

Later on, Nicole had a few roles in TV shows as: "Unfabulous", "Zoey 101", "Nobody", "Hannah Montana", "iCarly", "Sunday! Sunday! Sunday!", the ABC Family "Make It Or Break It", and the ABC Family movie "Princess". She did co-star in the Jonas Brothers' Disney Channel Original Series "JONAS" playing "Macy Misa", the brothers' #1 fan.





Tar

Tar is a sticky black liquid made of thick oil. It is a natural substance, oozing out of the ground in places like the La Brea tar pits. Usually it is made by heating coal inside a chemical apparatus.

Most tar is produced from coal as a byproduct of coke production, but it can also be produced from petroleum, peat or wood. The "destructive distillation" of a ton of coal can produce 700 kg of coke, 100 litres of liquor ammonia, 50 litres of coal tar and 400 m of coal gas.

It used to be one of the products of gasworks. Tar made from coal or petroleum is considered toxic. It causes cancer because of its high benzene content. In low concentrations, however, tar is used as a medicine on the skin.

Tar kilns are dry distillation ovens, used in Scandinavia for producing tar from wood. They were built close to the forest, from limestone or from more primitive holes in the ground. The bottom is sloped into an outlet hole, to allow the tar to come out. The wood is split to dimensions of a finger and stacked densely, and finally covered tight with dirt and moss to stop air entering. On top of this, a fire is stacked and lit. After a few hours, the tar starts to pour out, and continues to do so for a few days.

Tar is used in treatment of the skin disease psoriasis, where coal tar is the most effective. Tar is a general disinfectant. Petroleum tar was also used in ancient Egyptian mummification circa 1000 BC.

Tar was a vital component of the first sealed, or "tarmac", roads. The streets of Baghdad were the first to be paved with tar from the 8th century AD. It was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats. For millennia wood tar was used to waterproof sails and boats, but today sails made from inherently waterproof synthetic substances have negated the need for tar. Wood tar is still used to seal traditional wooden boats and the roofs of historical shingle-roofed churches, as well painting exterior walls of log buildings.

Mixing tar with linseed oil varnish produces tar paint. Tar paint can be used to protect wood from weather. Tar paint can also be toned with various pigments, producing translucent colours and preserving the wood texture.



Toronto Transit Commission

The Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) runs the public transport system that has buses, streetcars, subways, and rapid transit lines in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Started in 1954, the TTC has grown to three subway lines and an elevated rapid transit line with a total of 75 stations, as well as 149 surface routes (buses and streetcars). Of these 149 routes 148 make 243 connections with a subway or rapid transit station during weekday rush hours.

The TTC operates the third most used urban public transport system in North America (after the New York City Transit Authority and the Mexico City Metro).
The TTC also runs a door-to-door "(they pick people up at home, the shops or work, and take them anywhere they wish to go)" system for people with physical disabilities known as Wheel-Trans; about 5,500 trips are made by this service daily. This service costs the same as any other trip on the TTC even though it is door-to-door. The TTC had 11,235 people working for it in 2007.




Viscosity

Viscosity is a physical property of fluids. It shows resistance to flow. In a simple example, water has a low viscosity, as it is "thin". Syrup and tar, on the other hand, have a high viscosity, as they are "thick". A way to test for viscosity is the speed at which the substance runs down a slope. Syrup would reach the bottom very slowly, and water would be much quicker.

There are two types of viscosity: "dynamic viscosity", measured in pascal seconds, and "kinematic viscosity", measured in metres squared per second .

Viscosity is used as a way to predict when volcanoes erupt. When the lava comes out very thickly (viscous), there is more chance that it will erupt violently. This is because the lava has a hard time getting out and may burst out when it can. If the lava is thin (low viscosity), then it just flows out like water.

The word "viscous" comes from the Latin root "viscum", meaning sticky.

Passenger

A passenger is a term that is used for a person who travels in a vehicle, but not the driver or a person working in the vehicle. 

There are two common ways in which the term is used:


In most places the company who owns the vehicles and the people who work on them have legal obligations to the passengers riding with them. 

Additions to Daniel

The Additions to Daniel are three chapters that have been held by the Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic, Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Orthodox churches since the council of Rome (380). These books were removed in most Christian Bibles since Martin Luther's decision to include them in his bible as "Apocrypha" due to the supposed contradiction of the Hebrew Old Testament (the Apostles and Early Church onward using the Septuagint). The chapters are listed in "Article VI" of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England as good but not sacred reading. Most Protestant Bibles do not have these chapters because most Protestant churches believe these chapters are apocryphal.

The Additions to Daniel are not found in the Hebrew or Aramaic text of Daniel. These stories are in the Greek Septuagint and a translation by the writer Theodotion. However, most Protestant Bibles use only the text in the Hebrew and Aramaic manuscripts, so they do not have these chapters.

The additions are:


19521 Chaos

19521 Chaos is a Kuiper belt object. Chaos was found in 1998 by the Deep Ecliptic Survey, with Kitt Peak's 4 m telescope. It is big at about 560 km, and bright at H=4.755. It is named after the primeval state of existence in Greek mythology, from which the first gods appeared.

A jazz-fusion/progressive-rock band from Connecticut got their name from this minor planet.


Heel (professional wrestling)

In professional wrestling, a heel is a "bad guy". It is the opposite of a face, which is the word for a "good guy".

The job of the heel is to be booed by the audience (this is called getting heat), which helps to gain sympathy for the face. This can be done in many ways. One common way is to break the rules when the referee is not looking. Another way is to act in a nasty way towards the audience. 

Sometimes in American professional wrestling, a person from a foreign country will play the role of a heel who hates America. The Iron Sheik, who is Iranian, is one example. He had a rivalry with Hulk Hogan, who is American and acted as a patriot as one part of his character. It is not necessary for the foreign heel to really be from a foreign country. For example, Fritz Von Erich played the role of an evil German, despite really being from Texas.

WWE has said that it has stopped making it clear whether a wrestler is a face or a heel. This is partly because audiences know professional wrestling is scripted. Because of this, they might cheer a heel who puts on good matches. Also, they may boo a face who they think is being featured ("pushed") too much and is not skilled enough for it, and so any heel facing them in a match would be cheered.

In lucha libre (Mexican professional wrestling), heels are called "rudos". "Rudos" tend to use moves that show off their strength and power. This contrasts with "técnicos" (faces or good guys), who use a fast-paced style and high-flying moves.

Line 1 Yonge–University

The Yonge-University-Spadina Line is the oldest and most used subway line in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is operated by the Toronto Transit Commission, has 32 stations and is 30.2 km in length. It opened in 1954, and had new stations added in 1963, 1973, 1974, 1978, and 1996. 

The line runs from about 6:00 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. Monday to Saturday and 9:00 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. on Sunday. The subway runs every 4–5 minutes, with extra services (2–3 minutes) during rush hour times. 

The 320 Yonge bus runs late at night when the subway is closed. 

This Line starts from Finch in North York to Vaughan Metropolitan Centre in the York Region.

This line is a U-Shaped Line .


Tenrikyo

The goal of Tenrikyo is for all people to live a joyous life. Oyasama stated that the way to save yourself is by saving others. In other words, to be truly happy you must make other people happy.

Today, Tenrikyo is centered in the city of Tenri in central Japan. There is a general hospital, a college, three schools, and a central temple there. Once a month, there is a big ritual in this central city and many people come from all over the country to pray. There are two million believers of Tenrikyo in Japan and around the world.

Steeles Avenue

Steeles Avenue is an east-west street that forms the northern city border of Toronto and the southern border of York Region, Ontario, Canada. It is 38.75 km within Toronto, between Albion Road and the Scarborough-Pickering border.

West of Albion Road, Steeles continues into Peel Region, where it is also known as Peel Regional Road 15. It runs through Brampton and into the Halton Region town of Milton. It stops at Appleby Line on top of the Niagara Escarpment due to the Crawford Lake Conservation Area being there, and then the road starts again just east of Guelph Line and goes until the Milborough Townline on the border of Milton and Hamilton. East of the Toronto-Pickering border, it becomes Taunton Road.

Steeles is named after J. C. Steele, who owned a tavern on the street where it joins with Yonge Street.

Steeles Avenue was listed as the worst road by the CAA in October 2006, and as the fifth worst road in October 2007. In October 2008, it was re-listed as worst road in Ontario. Reasons are potholes and the quality of the road. Soon after the CAA's listing, some parts of the road between Dufferin Street and Bayview Avenue were resurfaced.

Aconitum

Aconitum, known as aconite, monkshood, wolfsbane, leopard's bane, women's bane, Devil's helmet or blue rocket, is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae). There are over 250 species of "Aconitum".

Tim Hortons

Tim Hortons Inc. is a Canadian fast food restaurant known for its coffee and doughnuts. It was started in 1964 in Hamilton, Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton. In 1967 Tim Horton joined with investor Ron Joyce, who quickly took over running the company and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise.

Tim Hortons stores quickly spread and together with Subway, became bigger than McDonald's and is now Canada's largest chain of fast food restaurants. The company opened twice as many Canadian stores as did McDonald's and sales also are bigger than those of McDonald's Canadian restaurants as of 2002. The chain got 22.6% of all fast food industry revenues in Canada in 2005. Tim Hortons also has 76% of the Canadian market for baked goods (based on the number of customers) and has 62% of the Canadian coffee market (compared to Starbucks, who is the second largest with 7%). Tim Hortons had 2,733 restaurants in Canada as of July 1, 2007.

Tim Hortons also has international restaurants with 500 in the United States as of December 2008, with one opened in Detroit and owned by former NBA player Derrick Coleman and one on a Canadian military base outside Kandahar, Afghanistan. Tim Hortons' other international efforts include a small outlet at the Dublin Zoo. Tim Hortons also made a deal with the SPAR store chain in the UK and Ireland, with Tim Hortons coffee and doughnuts being sold at small self service counters in 16 SPAR stores.

The company's first store opened in 1964 in Hamilton, Ontario under the name "Tim Horton Donuts" (the word donut would later be dropped and the company name ended up as just "Tim Horton's", and later was changed to "Tim Hortons" without the apostrophe). The business was started by Tim Horton, who played in the National Hockey League from 1949 until his death in a car accident in 1974.

Soon after Horton opened the store, he met Ron Joyce, a former Hamilton police constable. In 1965, Joyce took over the Tim Horton Donut Shop on Ottawa Street North in Hamilton. By 1967, after he had opened up two more stores, he and Tim Horton became full partners in the business. After Horton's death in 1974, Joyce bought the company from the Horton family and took over as the only owner of the now forty stores. Joyce expanded the chain quickly in geography and in product selection, opening the 500th store in Aylmer, Quebec, in 1991.

Ron Joyce's very fast expansion of the Tim Hortons business brought about two major changes in the coffee and doughnut restaurant market: independent doughnut shops in Canada were almost wiped out, and Canada's per person ratio of doughnut shops rose past those of all other countries.

By the 1990s, the company name had changed to The TDL Group Ltd but the name of the restaurants are still called Tim Hortons. This was because the company wanted to also go into other types of business, and not just be seen as a doughnut company. In March 2006, shares of the company were first sold to the public.

TDL Group had $1.48 billion in sales in 2005 and has expanded across Canada and also in New York, Ohio, Michigan, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Maine.

In August 2014, the Brazilian investment company 3G Capital announced it was going to buy out the TDL Group and merge operations of Tim Hortons with that of Burger King. This was done to make it easier to make Tim Hortons a world-wide chain, just like how Burger King is. The purchase was completed in December of that year, and since then, both Tim Hortons and Burger King are part of Restaurant Brands International, which is owned mostly by 3G Capital, but also by the previous shareholders of the two chains under the ticker . But in 2018, it was reported that Tim Hortons franchisees were complaining to the Government of Canada that Restaurant Brands International did not follow the rules that were made in order for the takeover to happen.

Tim Hortons has many stores on or near many Canadian Forces Bases. TDL Group said in March 2006, that because they were asked by Chief of the Defence Staff, General Rick Hillier, it would open a store at the Canadian Forces operations base in Kandahar, Afghanistan. The new Kandahar store opened on June 29 2006, in a 40 ft trailer on the military base.


Tim Hortons' first stores only sold two products - coffee and doughnuts. As well as its coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and doughnuts, the Tim Hortons menu now includes a number of other baked goods, such as Timbits (small balls of doughnut dough), muffins, croissants, tea biscuits, cookies, rolls, danishes, and bagels (Tim Hortons now sells one out of every two bagels in the whole Canadian food industry). Cakes to take home are offered in some locations.

Since the mid-1990s, the chain has moved into other areas, such as flavoured cappuccino, iced cappuccino, iced coffee, New York-style cheesecake, and lunch items such as soup, chili, and submarine sandwiches. In fall 2006, Tim Hortons began selling a breakfast sandwich. This is made of an egg patty, processed cheese slice, either bacon or sausage, and either a biscuit or bagel, it has sold well. In October 2007 Tim Hortons began to sell a Chicken Fajita Wrap, which has spiced chicken and sautéed vegetables. In December 2007, they began to sell hash browns and the Bagel B.E.L.T., a breakfast sandwich that has lettuce and tomato.

Along with the expansion of stores and the expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods. Doughnuts, which used to be made at night so that they were ready for the next morning, are now fully cooked and then frozen and sent to every restaurant from Windsor, Ontario. The restaurants now bake them during the day.

The company used to sell Coca-Cola products but Tim Hortons switched over to Pepsi in 2007.

Throw away cups made by the company are one of the most common litter items in Canada. Company spokespersons claim that customers are the problem, not Tim Hortons.

In May 2008, the chain came under fire after an employee in London, Ontario was fired for giving away a single $0.16 Timbit to a baby. A manager was blamed for the incident. The employee was hired at a different nearby location.


Alveolate

The Alveolata is a grouping of protists. One view is that it is a superphylum with at least four phyla.


Ice cube

Ice cubes are small pieces of ice that are often cubes. These pieces are sometimes used to cool drinks. Ice cubes are used in mixed drinks, when the drink has the words "on the rocks."

Ice cubes are made by filling a tray with water and putting it in a freezer. Many freezers also have an icemaker. Icemakers make ice cubes and put them in a bin. After that, they can be put in a glass.

Ice cubes are also made commercially and sold in large amounts. These ice cubes are usually cylindrical, and might have holes through the center. Commercially made ice cubes are very clear, as the water doesn't have much air dissolved in it.

Ice cubes can also be crushed into different-shaped flakes, which some people think makes some kinds of cocktails look better. Crushed ice is also used to cool a drink or other liquid quickly because the speed of cooling depends on the amount and average radius of the ice particles.

 and scientist He was the first person to make ice in  590–647 CE for the first time. His daughter was a high feverist and he was a chemist. The first time they made ice and Treated his daughter.

Also some person clamed that.

American physician and humanitarian John Gorrie built a refrigerator in 1844 to be able to cool air. His refrigerator made ice, which he hung from the ceiling in a basin. Gorrie is the creator of ice cubes, even though he was not trying to cool drinks. Instead, he used the ice to cool the room's temperature. During that time, people thought that bad air quality made people sick. So, to help treat sickness, he advocated for the draining of swamps and the cooling of sickrooms.

Ice cube trays are designed to be filled with water, then put in a freezer until the water freezes to ice, thus creating ice cubes. Trays are often flexible, so the ice cubes can be removed easily by flexing the tray. Another design is an aluminum tray with a lever that raises the ice cubes up, releasing them from the tray. A motorized kind of this is in most automatic ice-making freezers.

Even though ice cubes are usually shaped like cubes, there are trays that make spherical or cylindrical shapes. These are sometimes called ice tubes. Some novelty trays make blocks of ice in seasonal, festive, or other shapes.

The first flexible, stainless steel, all-metal ice cube tray was made by Guy L. Tinkham in 1933. The tray bent sideways to remove the ice cubes.

The first rubber ice cube tray was made by Lloyd Groff Copeman. One day in 1928, while walking through some woods getting sap for maple syrup, Copeman saw that slush and ice came off of his rubber boots instead of sticking to them. After talking about it with his patent attorney at lunch, he did experiments using rubber cups. Later, he made and patented several kinds of tray: a metal tray with rubber separators, a metal tray with individual rubber cups, and a tray made of only rubber.

Machete

A machete is a long cutting tool. The blade is usually 20-24 inches (50-60 cm) long and less than .2 inches thick. The machete is a large knife often used in jungles because it can easily cut through plants and vines. It can be used to open coconuts and cut down small trees (sometimes the back side has edges for sawing wood). It is also used occasionally outside of jungles. One such use is in surveying when a line of sight is needed through brush. It is a lot like the Japanese katana and larger than the American Bowie knife, and is sometimes used in warfare.

Michail Leontievich Bulatov

Michail Leontievich Bulatov (Михаил Леонтьевич Булатов), (1760 in Rjazan, 2 May 1825 in Omsk), was a Russian military who fought during the Russo-Turkish War (1787-1992) and became Major General in 1799 during the Napoleonic Wars and lieutenant-general in 1823.

Ecstasy (emotion)

Ecstasy is an emotion, and an altered state of consciousness. The word comes from Greek "έκστασις", "ékstasis", which means to "step outside oneself". People who have this emotion feel very happy.

King Lear

King Lear is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare. He based it on an old British story about a king named Leir or Lyr. The play might have been first performed in December 1606. It was first printed in 1608. It was printed again in 1623 in the First Folio. This is a collection of all of Shakespeare's plays. Many great actors over the years have played the part of King Lear. 

The play is about an old king named Lear. He wants to divide his kingdom between his three daughters. To get the kingdom, they must tell him how much they love him. His youngest daughter Cordelia will not say how much she does, although she's the one who loves him most.

She says words will not be able to describe her love. King Lear does not realise this is true love. Lear gets angry at her and will not give her land, and says she is not his daughter anymore. He gives his land to his other daughters Regan and Goneril. 

The king soon finds out that Regan and Goneril do not love him. They only wanted his land. The King becomes very mad. The two daughters, and their husbands, throw him out of the land that is now theirs. Lear goes on a trip around the land that was once his as he becomes insane. Regan poisons Goneril out of jealousy. She also kills herself. Lear dies after discovering that Cordelia was the one who always cared for him as she came with a French army to help him but she and King Lear were caught by Edmund; who gave an order to get them both hanged, which happens to Cordelia and causes Lear's grief and death.

Mutual information

Mutual information measures how much more is known about one random value when given another. For example, knowing the temperature of a random day of the year will not reveal what month it is, but it will give some "hint". In the same way, knowing what month it is will not reveal the exact temperature, but will make certain temperatures "more or less likely". These "hints" or "changes in likelihood" are explained and measured with mutual information.

To calculate mutual information, the probability (chance) of all possible events, and the probability of them happening at the same time, is needed. For example, to measure mutual information between month and temperature we would need to know how many days in the year are 10 degrees Celsius, how many days out of the year are March and finally how many days are 10 degrees Celsius in March.

The formula requires the summation, or adding up, of many terms or numbers. Every possible outcome has its own term. From the above calculation of mutual information between month and temperature, we will use the following variables:

This means m(3) equals the probability of a randomly selected day being in March. This is 31/365, or about 0.085, since 31 out of 365 days in the year are in March.

One term would be as follows:

In this formula, "log" means logarithm.

Adding all possible terms together gives the value for mutual information.

The larger the mutual information, the more you would learn about one random value (e.g. month) when told another (e.g. temperature).





Mutual information does not change based on which of the two random values is revealed. This means we know just as much about "temperature when told the month" as we know about "the month when told the temperature".

Mutual information is difficult to compare. If we calculate mutual information for weather and another value for a card game, the two values cannot easily be compared.


Praetor

A praetor was a person who served as a judge in Ancient Rome during the time of the Roman Republic. Also, when a Roman consul was away, the praetor would act as consul. Praetors were officials in Rome that were responsible for rendering justice. Some of them could also be responsible for the administration of a province.

Yoshi's Island DS

Yoshi's Island DS (called in Japan) is a platform video game made by Artoon, and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It is the sequel to "".

The gameplay of "Yoshi's Island DS" is much the same as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game, but with some small add-ons. The player moves Yoshi through many stages. Yoshi has to get through these stages by not getting hit by enemies or losing the baby he is holding. 

"Yoshi's Island DS" received good scores from lots of video game websites, including IGN and GameSpot who gave separate reviews of the game of 8.0 and 9.1.

Tillamook

The Tillamook are a Native American tribe from the state of Oregon. The word "Tillamook" means "people of Nekelim" in the Chinook language. Also, Tillamook can mean "Land of Many Waters" but it is not as widely used. Tillamook can also be spelled Calamox, Gillamooks, and Killamook.

The Tillamook tribe used to speak Tillamook. After a while they learned to speak English. The last person that spoke Tillamook died in 1970. This made the Tillamook language gone forever. Starting in 1965, a group of scientists tried to protect the Tillamook language by talking with the Tillamook people and creating a Tillamook language dictionary.

The Tillamook tribe used to live between the Necanicum River and Tillamook Bay. The Tillamook were coastal Native Americans. Their name, Tillamook, means "Land of Many Waters" in their language. The first Tilamook people lived around the 1400s. In the 1700s, the population was counted at about 2200 people.

Stick figure

A stick figure, also known as a stick man, is a very simple drawing of a 
person or an animal, composed of a few lines, curves, and dots. It is often drawn by children, and known for its simplistic style. On a stick figure, the head is most often represented by a circle, which can be either a solid color or sometimes embellished with details such as eyes, a mouth, or hair. The arms, legs, torso, and abdomen are usually represented with these straight lines. Details such as hands, feet, and a neck may be present or absent; simpler stick figures often display an ambiguous emotional expression or disproportionate limbs, however, most stick figures can be drawn with four or three fingers.

The stick figure is a universally recognizable symbol, in all likelihood one of the most well known in the world. It transcends language, location, demographics, and can trace back its roots for almost 30,000 years. Its simplicity and versatility led to the stick figure being used for a variety of purposes: info graphics, signage, comics, animations, games, film storyboards, and many kinds of visual media all employ the stick figure. With the advent of the World Wide Web, the stick figure became a central element within an entire genre of web-based interactive entertainment known as flash animation. Over a period of more than two decades, stick figure animation impacted and shaped the visual landscape of the internet.

Stick figures have also become popular to make simple, and often violent, animations. YouTube channels such as Alan Becker and Hyun's Dojo community create small series of videos.

Hans Frank

Hans Michael Frank (23 May 1900 – 16 October 1946) was a German lawyer. He worked for the Nazi party during the 1920s and 1930s. Later he became a high-ranking official in Nazi Germany. He was prosecuted during the Nuremberg trials for his role in the Holocaust. He was found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and executed on 16 October 1946. Before his execution, Frank repented and returned to the Catholic Church.

First Folio

The First Folio is the common name for the first collection of William Shakespeare's plays. It was published in 1623. Its title is Mr. William Shakespeares Comedies, Histories, & Tragedies. The collection was assembled by Shakespeare's theatrical colleagues, John Heminges and Henry Condell. 

Four plays are missing: "Pericles, Prince of Tyre", "The Two Noble Kinsman", and the "lost plays" "Cardenio" and "Love's Labours Won". It is believed about 750 copies were originally published. Two hundred twenty-eight remain in existence. The Folger Library in Washington, D. C. holds the most copies at 82. Copies that arrive at auction realize prices in the millions. 

Jimmie Foxx

James Emory Foxx (October 22, 1907 – July 21, 1967), nicknamed "Double X" and "The Beast", was an American first baseman in Baseball. Foxx was the second major league player to hit 500 home runs, and at age 32, is the second youngest to hit that many home runs, behind Alex Rodriguez.

Stade de l'USFA

Stade de l'USFA is a stadium in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Union Sportive des Forces Armées. The stadium holds 9,000 people.

Stade Wobi Bobo-Dioulasso

Stade Wobi Bobo-Dioulasso is a stadium in Bobo Dioulasso, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Union Sportive du Foyer de la Régie Abidjan-Niger. The stadium holds 10,000 people.

Camp Nou

Spotify Camp Nou is a football stadium used by FC Barcelona that was opened in 1957. It can hold 99,354 people, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the second largest football stadium in the world. 

The stadium was used to host the 1982 FIFA World Cup and the 1992 Summer Olympics. It also hosted the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final between Manchester United and Bayern Munich. 

Dean of the United States Senate

The Dean of the United States Senate is the Senator that has been in office the longest.
Unlike the office of President pro tem, the Office of Dean is not an official position.

After the death of Daniel Inouye on December 17, 2012, Patrick Leahy became the new Dean of the Senate. Also since the death of Inouye, Leahy became the President pro tempore and "dean". Leahy is the senorist Democratic Senate politician in the United States. When Leahy retired, Chuck Grassley assumed the role in 2023.

Stade Municipal (Ouagadougou)

Stade Municipal is a stadium in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home of Santos Football Club. The stadium holds 15,000 people.

Stade Banfora

Stade Banfora is a stadium in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Union Sportive de la Comoé. The stadium holds 6,000 people.

Stade Balibiè

Stade Balibiè is a stadium in Koudougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Association Sportive des Employés et Commerçants de Koudougou. The stadium holds 30,000 people.

Ben Folds

Benjamin Scott Folds (born September 12, 1966) is an American singer and songwriter who plays the piano. He was the main singer of the band Ben Folds Five. The band stopped playing together in 2000, and Folds has played as a solo act since then. His solo albums include "Rockin' the Suburbs", "Songs for Silverman" and "Way to Normal". 

Carl Zimmer

Carl Zimmer (born 1966) is a popular science writer and blogger, mostly dealing with the study of evolution and parasites. He has written several books and contributes science essays to publications such as "The New York Times" and "Discover". He is a Fellow at Yale University's Morse College. He lives in Guilford, Connecticut, with his wife, Grace Farrell Zimmer, and their two children. His father, Dick Zimmer, was a Republican congressman from New Jersey from 1991 through 1997. His brother, Benjamin Zimmer, is a linguist.



Stade de la SONABEL

Stade de la SONABEL is a stadium in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Association Sportive SONABEL. The stadium holds 5,000 people.

Stade Municipal (Bobo Dioulasso)

Stade Municipal is a stadium in Bobo Dioulasso, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games. The stadium holds 30,000 people.

Stade du 4-Août

Stade du 4-Août is a stadium in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. It is used mostly for football games and it also has an athletics track. The stadium can hold of 35,000 people. Etoile Filante Ouagadougou play their homes games at the stadium.


38628 Huya

38628 Huya, previously known by its provisional designation ) is a trans-Neptunian object (TNO). It was found in March 2000 by Ignacio Ferrin and announced on October 24, 2000. It was given the name Huya, after "Juyá," the Wayuu rain god, in August 2003 by the International Astronomical Union.

At the time when it was found, Huya was the biggest and brightest TNO yet found. It was found using data collected by at the CIDA Observatory in Venezuela. Astronomers think it's about 530 km in diameter.

The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum, saying that the surface could be rich in organic material such as tholins.

Given the long orbit that TNOs have around the sun, Huya comes to opposition in early May of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3.


2101 Adonis

2101 Adonis was one of the first near-Earth asteroids to be found. It was found by Eugene Delporte in 1936 and named after Adonis, the beautiful youth with whom the goddess Venus fell in love. Adonis is thought to measure about 1 km in diameter.

In the close approach that led to the first time it was found, not enough sightings could be made to find out it's orbit, and Adonis was lost until 1977 when it was found once again by Charles T. Kowal.

Adonis was the second Apollo asteroid to be found (after 1862 Apollo itself). It may be a dead comet, and may be the source of some meteor showers. 

It comes within 30 Gm of the Earth six times in the 21st century, the nearest being 5.3 Gm in 2036.


1566 Icarus

1566 Icarus is an Apollo asteroid (a sub-class of near-Earth asteroid). At its closest approach to the Sun (perihelion) it is closer to the Sun than Mercury. In its orbit it crosses the orbits of Mercury, Venus and Mars. It is named after Icarus of Greek mythology, who flew too close to the Sun. The asteroid was found in 1949 by Walter Baade.

Icarus makes a close approach to Earth at gaps of 9, 19, or 38 years. Sometimes, it comes as close as 6.4 Gm (16 lunar distances and 4 million miles), as it did on June 14, 1968. The last close approach was in 1996, at 15.1 Gm, about 40 times as far as the Moon. The most recent close approach was on June 16, 2015, 8.1 Gm (5 million miles).

In 1967, Paul Sandorff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology gave his students the task of making a plan to destroy Icarus, if it was going to hit the Earth. This plan is known as Project Icarus (which was the basis for the 1979 science fiction film Meteor, starring Sean Connery).


3200 Phaethon

3200 Phaethon, sometimes incorrectly spelt Phaeton, is an Apollo asteroid and a dead comet.

It was announced on 14 October 1983 in IAUC 3878, with optical confirmation that it looks like an asteroid. It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft. It measures 5.10 km in diameter.

Phaethon approaches the Sun closer than any other numbered asteroid. Its perihelion (closest approach to the Sun) is only 0.140 AU – less than half Mercury's perihelion distance. It is a Mercury-, Venus-, Earth- and Mars-crosser. The surface temperature at perihelion could reach ~1025 K, or 1400 F. For this reason, it was named after the Greek myth of Phaëton, son of the sun god Helios.

Phaethon approached to 18.1 Gm on 10 December 2007. It will draw nearer in 2017, 2050, 2060, and closer still on 14 December 2093, passing within 0.0198 AU (3.0  Gm).

Minor planet designation

Minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the Minor Planet Center, a part of the IAU. They are used for dwarf planets and small Solar System bodies such as asteroids, but not comets. They are given to a body once its orbit is secured and unrelated to provisional designations, given when an object is found. 

The two parts of a formal designation are
It looks like this: codice_1, for example (90377) Sedna or . According to what the astronomer wants, the brackets are now often removed, as in 90377 Sedna. In practice, however, the number is primarily a catalog entry for any reasonably well-known object. Therefore, the name or provisional designation is generally used in the formal designation: Sedna, .

The rule for moons of minor planets, such as the formal designation (87) Sylvia I Romulus for the asteroid moon Romulus, is an extension of the Roman numeral convention used, on and off, for the moons of the planets since Galileo's time.

The Minor Planet Center also managed comets but used a different cataloging system.

By 1851, there were 15 asteroids, all but one with their own symbol. The symbols were becoming less and less simple, and, as they had to be drawn by hand, astronomers found some of them hard to draw. This difficulty was addressed by Benjamin Apthorp Gould in 1851, who suggested numbering asteroids in the order that they were found, and placing this number in a circle as the symbol for the asteroid, such as ④ for the fourth asteroid, Vesta. This practice was soon coupled with the name itself into an official number-name designation, "④ Vesta", as the number of minor planets increased. By "ca" 1858, the circle had been simplified to brackets, "(4)" and "(4) Vesta", which was easier to typeset. Other punctuation such as "4) Vesta" and "4, Vesta" was also used, but had more or less completely died out by 1949.

The major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order they were or the order that they're orbit was calculated is the case of Pluto. Since Pluto was originally called a planet, it was not given a number until a 2006 redefinition of "planet" that didn't include it. At that point, Pluto was given the formal designation Pluto.


Takoyaki

"Takoyaki" is a specialty of Osaka and Kyoto. It is usually eaten as a snack.

Many people in Osaka and Kyoto have a special cooker that makes takoyaki. This is because they eat takoyaki often.

"Takoyaki" was invented in Osaka in 1935 by Tomekichi Endo. It is most often made with flour and small pieces of boiled octopus.


A minor planet named "6562 Takoyaki" was discovered in 1991 by M. Yanai and K. Watanabe at Katani. The name was selected by children who visited the Funai Space Festival which was held in Osaka in 2001.


Nishinomiya, Hyōgo

Nishinomiya is a city in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is in the Kansai region of Japan and has a population of 483,598. 

It has been recognized as a core city since 2008.

The Great Hanshin Earthquake on January 17, 1995 killed 1,134 people in Nishinomiya and injring 6386 people. 34,181 buildings were completely destroyed with 27,116 buildings being partially destroyed. Nishinomiya had 194 evacuation spots with 44,351 evacuees.

Some famous places in Nishinomiya include Koshien Stadium, where the professional baseball team the Hanshin Tigers play, and Nishinomiya Gardens.




Nishinomiya is famous in Japan for its sake (rice wine) production. Other food production is the main industry. There are also docks for shipping.

There are huge shopping centres that are very popular. The city is the home of the famous Hanshin Tigers baseball team who play at Koshien Stadium. The Tigers have won the Central League pennant five times (1962, 1964, 1985, 2003, 2005) and the Japan Series once (1985). In each of 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2009, more than three million people attended games at their Nishinomiya stadium. There are many shrines, such as Nishinomiya Shrine, Hirota-jinja and Kannō-ji. A popular light novel, manga, and anime series 'The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya' is set in Nishinomiya.

1979 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1979 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1979 and ended on November 30, 1979. This was an average season with 20 storms, however only 9 became tropical. This was a damaging and deadly season most of the damage was caused by Tropical Storm Claudette, Hurricane David and Hurricane Frederic. Most deaths were caused by Hurricane David.


This is the list of names that were set aside for the 1979 Atlantic hurricane season. The list is not the same as in 1973 because in 1979 male names were added to the list. Names that were not used are marked in .
In the spring of 1980, the names, David and Frederic were retired and replaced with the names Danny and Fabian.


1969 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1969 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1969 and ended on November 30, 1969. This season was highly active in fact, at that time it was the most active it has since fallen many times. This season featured the very powerful, Hurricane Camille.


In the spring of 1970, Camille was retired.


Hanasaka Jiisan

Hanasaka-jiisan(花咲か爺）is a famous folk story of Japan. The name means "old man who made flowers blossom(Japanese flower)". The story became famous in Japan in the Edo Period (1603-1868).

There was a kind-hearted old man, Hanasaka-jiisan, who grew cherry blossoms. The old man and his wife had a white puppy. One day, their dog barked, “Koko-hore-wan-wan,” (meaning "Dig here! Bark bark!") while digging in a field. The old man dug up gold and made the old man very rich. The old man was very happy. The old man's neighbor saw the dog barking and watched as the old man dig up the treasure. The old couple’s neighbors were jealous of this. So they stole the white puppy away, and ordered him to search for treasure. They beat him, then he went to search for treasure. But they only found rubbish. So, then they killed the dog. The old man was crushed with grief. The neighbor's gave the old man and his wife the dog's ashes. 
Then, the dog appeared in the old man's dream. The dog said, "Please scatter my ashes on the dead cherry blossom tree!" The old man followed the dog's directions. Then, the dead cherry blossom tree came into full bloom. The old man and his wife received great praise from a feudal lord passing by.

ICOCA

ICOCA is an IC (Integrated Circuit) Card used on the JR West rail network in Japan. It stands for "Integrated Circuit Operating Card." It can be used as a riding ticket or digital cash. For example, you can use it to get on a train or, to buy a drink at a convenience store, or bread from a bakery.

The Green Windows ("midori-no-madoguchi") of JR stations sell ICOCA cards. The price of the card is 500 yen (about $5 USD), but at first you must pay 2,000 yen (about $20 USD), and you immediately get 1,500 yen (about $15 USD) of cash on the card. The limit you can have on the card is 20,000 yen (about $200 USD).

The name of the card is a play on the phrase, "Ikoka" (行こか), which means, "Let's go," in the western Japanese dialect.

Mono no aware

Mono no aware (物の哀れ) is a Japanese literary term. It means "the pathos of things" in English. Pathos is the power in literature that creates feelings of sorrow, pity and tenderness. Mono no aware is a very important concept when reading old literature, so that the reader can understand the importance and beauty of the literature. It is used to express the keen emotion and pathos of a piece of literature and the feeling it gives the readers' senses, such as the description of a sound or scenery. "The Tale of Genji", said to be the world's oldest novel, is a good example of literature that gives its readers the sense of "mono no aware".

The term "mono no aware" was first used by Motoori Norinaga (1730-1801) to describe Heian Period (794 AD - 1185 AD) literature, especially "Tales of Genji".

Notable manga artists who use "mono no aware"–style storytelling include Hitoshi Ashinano, Kozue Amano, and Kaoru Mori. In anime, both Only Yesterday, by Isao Takahata and Mai Mai Miracle, by Sunao Katabuchi make note of the passing of time in a gentle way by presenting the main plot against a parallel one from the past. In addition, the Japanese director Yasujiro Ozu was well known for making a sense of "mono no aware". 

Salmon (color)

Salmon (pronounced sa-mon, as the l is silent) is a range of pale pinkish-orange to light pink colors, named after the color of salmon flesh.

The first recorded use of "salmon" as a color name in English was in 1776. 




Saddle

A saddle is like a seat for a rider, which is held to an animal's back by a belly strap called a girth. The most common type is the equestrian saddle made for a horse. Saddles have been made for camels and other animals. The earliest saddles were simple pads fixed with a surcingle seen by 800 BC, with the saddle tree coming into use about 200 BC, and paired stirrups by 322 AD Saddles in use today, date back to the 1700s. Today, modern saddles come in different styles, designed for different equestrian activities. They need careful fit for both the rider and the horse. Proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle, often for many years.

The two most common saddle types used for horse riding are the English saddle and the Western saddle. The English saddle is used for horse sports like show jumping, dressage, and eventing. It is also used for horse showing. It has less leather and is lighter than most Western saddles. 

The Western saddle is used for horse activities where the rider needs more support than in and english saddle. It is also used for showing, barrel racing, rodeo, and many other sports. The biggest difference is it has a horn on the front, and a higher cantle. This was used originally for tying cattle off when working, so the ranchers could brand or work with the cow. It's now used more widely, in barrel racing it's used for support, in roping events, it's still used to tie cattle. 

There are many different types of English and Western saddles. All are designed for a specific purpose. So while they might look different, they all help the rider for the sport or activity for which they were designed. For example, a rider would not want to jump in a Western saddle because the horn would make it hard for them to stay in the correct position over the jump. A rider would not want to work cows in a jumping saddle because they would not have a horn and because the Western saddle puts the rider in a better position for working cows.

Bridle

A bridle is equipment used to direct and control a horse. The bridle holds a bit which goes in the mouth of a horse, and has reins which are joined to the bit.

Bridles are usually made of leather. They are made of different parts which are buckled together. The headpiece, also called a crownpiece, goes behind the horse's ears. The browband is placed across the horse's forehead. Sometimes, a strap called a martingale is attached to the noseband.

A bridle without a bit uses a noseband to control a horse, and is called a hackamore, or a bitless bridle. Bitless bridles work by pressure and leverage on the horse's nose and chin groove. Bitless bridles can be useful for horses that have problems with their mouths. It is more difficult to turn a horse using a bitless bridle. Bitless bridles can provide tremendous leverage and stopping power.

Greek Wikipedia

The Greek Wikipedia (also Hellenic Wikipedia, Elliniki Vikipedia, ) is the fifth language of the online encyclopedia Wikipedia. It started on December 1, 2002. By 15 December 2003, it had 1,000 articles. As of October 2009, it had reached over 45,000 articles.

As of October 2015, it is the 50th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.


Hans Fritzsche

August Franz Anton Hans Fritzsche (21 April 1900 in Bochum – 27 September 1953 in Cologne) was a Nazi official, ending the war as "Ministerialdirektor" at the Propagandaministerium.

Fritzsche was one of the 24 people charged at the Nuremberg Trials. He was acquitted.

Alonso de Ercilla

Alonso de Ercilla y Zúñiga (August 7, 1533–November 29, 1594), was a Spanish nobleman, soldier and epic poet. While in Chile (1556–63) he fought against the Araucanian Indians, and there he began the epic poem "La Araucana", said to be the greatest Spanish historical poem. This heroic work in 37 cantos is divided into three parts, published in 1569, 1578, and 1589. It tells of the brave uprising of the Araucanians and also tells the history of Chile and of contemporary Spain.

Commission on Higher Education (Philippines)

Commission on Higher Education (CHED) is the governing body covering both public and private higher education institutions in the Philippines, including its degree-granting programs. The CHED was established in May 18, 1994 through Republic Act 7722 or the Higher Education Act of 1994.



Professional Regulation Commission (Philippines)

Professional Regulation Commission is a governing body tasked by the government of the Philippines to administer and supervise licensing examinations in the Philippines.



Reserve Officers' Training Corps

Reserve Officers' Training Corps is a type of military officer commissioning program, mostly in the United States. It is designed as a subject that students can choose to take at college. It focuses on leadership development, problem solving, strategic planning, and professional ethics. After joining the Reserve Officers' Training Corps, the person involved must be involved in the military for a period of time.

The U.S. Armed Forces and a number of other national militaries have ROTC programs. The Philippines established its program in 1912, with the creation of the first unit at the University of Santo Tomas during American colonial rule. ROTC in South Korea started in 1963; while China created its own program in 1997.

University of Santo Tomas

University of Santo Tomas is a private Roman Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.

Athletic nickname

The athletic nickname of a school, university, college, or institute is the name officially or unofficially adopted by that institution for at least the members of its sports teams. In general, the institution uses this name to describe the people associated with it, especially its current students. It is also adopted by the athletic teams mascot.

Adel Tamano

Adel Fadel Abbas Tamano (born October 2, 1970) is a Filipino lawyer and politician. He is the spokesperson of the United Opposition. He was president of the University of the City of Manila.

Tamano is the eighth son of the late Senator Mamintal Tamano and civic leader Hadja Putri Zorayda Abbas Tamano. Tamano is married to Rowena Kapunan, who is also a lawyer. They have two children.

During the 2007 elections, Tamano was the spokesperson for the United Opposition. He is also a member of Kapunan, Tamano, Villadolid & Associates. He lectures on legal writing at the Ateneo Law School, and on constitutional law at the Far Eastern University Institute of Law and the University of the City of Manila.

Tamano attended Jose Abad Santos Memorial School and La Salle Greenhills for his primary and secondary education. He went to the Ateneo de Manila University to study A.B. Economics and later law, graduating in 1992 and 1996 respectively. Thereafter, he attended the University of the Philippines and took a master's degree in Public Administration.

In June 2005, he matriculated in Harvard Law School's Master of Laws graduate program. He was the first Filipino Muslim to graduate from Harvard Law School.


Benjamin Tayabas

Benjamin G. Tayabas is the longest-serving university president of the University of the City of Manila.

University of the Philippines

The University of the Philippines (UP; ) is a public school in the Philippines.
The flagship campus is UP Diliman.

Far Eastern University

Far Eastern University is a private research university in Manila, Philippines.

University of Arizona

The University of Arizona (also known as UA, or Arizona) is a public research university in Tucson, Arizona.

The school began in 1885. It was the first university in the Arizona Territory. The school also includes the Banner – University Medical Center Tucson. This is a four-year M.D. college in downtown Phoenix.

The mission of the University of Arizona is, "To improve the prospects and enrich the lives of the people of Arizona and the world through education, research, creative expression, and community and business partnerships."

Arizona is one of the elected members of the Association of American Universities (an organization for research institutions). It is the only school from Arizona in the group.

The sports teams are nicknamed the "Arizona Wildcats" (often shortened to "Cats"). They got the name from a 1914 football game with the California champions at the time, Occidental College. The Los Angeles Times said that, "the Arizona men showed the fight of wildcats." Sports are a big part of campus life at the school and they get a large amount of money to operate the programs.

They are members of the Pacific-12 Conference in the NCAA, which they joined in 1978. The Wildcats have won national titles in several sports, most notably men's basketball, baseball, and softball. The official colors of the university and its athletic teams are UA Red and Arizona Blue.

Square meter

The square meter is the SI-derived unit of area. It has a symbol m² (33A1 in Unicode). It is defined as the area of a square whose sides measure exactly one meter. The square meter is derived from the SI base unit of the meter, which in turn is defined as the length of the path travelled by light in absolute vacuum during a time interval of formula_1 of a second.

Adding SI prefixes creates multiples and submultiples. However, as the unit is squared, the order of magnitude difference between units doubles from their comparable linear units. For example, a kilometer is one thousand times the length of a meter, but a square kilometer is one million times the area of a square meter.

A "square meter" is not the same thing as a "meter square" - although it is true that exactly 1 square meter is exactly 1 meter square. But that only works for the number 1; no other.

For example, a square that is 2 meters long and 2 meters wide has 4 square meters of area.

formula_2

But a square that is 4 meters squared would have 4 meters on each side. This means it would have 16 square meters of area.

formula_3

That is, formula_4 is 4 meters squared, whereas formula_5 is 4 square meters.

The square meter may be used with all SI prefixes used with the meter.

A square meter is equal to:

Quid pro quo

"Quid pro quo" is a Latin phrase. It means roughly "this for that." In other words, the phrase describes the context when something is given in return for something else.

The phrase means the same thing as the English saying "a tit for a tat", or trading something for something else. It can also mean the same thing as "an eye for an eye".

Lawyers sometimes use this saying to mean "an even trade".



Eau de Cologne

Cologne or Eau de Cologne is a perfume in a style of that originated from Cologne, Germany. Nowadays, it's used as a term for scented formulations with a concentration of about 2-5% essential oils. Cologne may be used by men or women.

In a base of dilute ethanol (70-90%), Eau de Cologne contains a mixture of citrus oils including oils of lemon, orange, tangerine, bergamot, lime, grapefruit and neroli. It can also contain oils of lavender, rosemary, thyme, petitgrain (orange leaf), and jasmine.

"Eau de Cologne" is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in Cologne in 1709 by Giovanni Maria Farina (1685-1766), an Italian perfumer from Santa Maria Maggiore Valle Vigezzo, Italy. In 1708, Farina wrote to his brother Jean Baptiste: "I have found a fragrance that reminds me of an Italian spring morning, of mountain daffodils and orange blossoms after the rain" (Eckstein p.8). He named it "Eau de Cologne", in honour of his new hometown. 

The Original "Eau de Cologne" composed by Farina was used only as a perfume and delivered to "nearly all royal houses in Europe" (Farina Fragrance Museum information leaflet). His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time. When free trade was established in Cologne by the French in 1797, the success of "Eau de Cologne" prompted countless other businessmen to sell their own fragrances under the name of "Eau de Cologne" and even Farina. 

Giovanni Maria Farina's formula has been produced in Cologne since 1709 by Farina opposite the Jülichplatz and to this day remains a secret. His shop at Obenmarspforten opened in 1709 and is today the world's oldest fragrance factory. Other Colognes, such as the famous Cologne 4711, named after its location at "Glockengasse No. 4711", have the name in common but smell different. In 1806, Jean Marie Joseph Farina, a grand-grand-nephew of Giovanni Maria Farina (1685-1766), opened a perfumery business at Paris that developed into Roger & Gallet, that owns the rights to "Eau de Cologne extra vielle" in contrast to the Original "Eau de Cologne" from Cologne.

"Eau de Cologne", or just "cologne", has now become a generic term.

The Flock (movie)

The Flock is a 2007 movie directed by Andrew Lau, the co-director of the "Infernal Affairs" trilogy. The movie, which was his first English-language movie, stars Richard Gere and Claire Danes.

Fast Food Nation (movie)

Fast Food Nation is a 2006 American/British movie directed by Richard Linklater. It is based on Schlosser's bestselling 2001 non-fiction book "Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal".

The movie is about the fast food industry. Schlosser's book criticized the fast food industry. He finds out where types of fast food are made, where they come from, and why people eat it.


Going the Distance (2004 movie)

Going the Distance is a 2004 Canadian movie. It was directed by Mark Griffiths. It is set across Canada. Its tagline was "They came. They saw. They came." The film was released in Canada as "Going the Distance", but in the USA, it was called "National Lampoon's Going the Distance". The Canadian DVD release has its original release title.

Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (TV series)

Sabrina the Teenage Witch is an American children's television sitcom. It is based on the "Archie" comic book series of the same name. It is set in Massachusetts. It stars Melissa Joan Hart in the title role. Its first four seasons aired on Nickelodeon from September 27, 1996 to May 5, 2000; the final three seasons ran on Noggin from September 22, 2000 to April 24, 2003.

Vera Wang

Vera Wang (; born June 27, 1949) is an American fashion designer. She was born and raised in New York City. Her parents were Chinese. She is based in New York and is known for her wedding gown collection, among other specialties.

After her graduation in 1971, Wang began working for Vogue Magazine. In 1972, she was promoted as the senior fashion editor. She left Vogue in 1987, to join Ralph Lauren as the design director for accessories.

Wang established her own label "Vera Wang" in 1990, in New York.

Total Request Live

Total Request Live (known from 1998 to 2008 as TRL) was a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos. In addition to music videos, the show also featured daily guests.

"TRL" played the top ten most requested music videos of the day, as requested by viewers who voted for their favorite video online. The countdown started with the tenth most requested video of the day and ended with the most requested video of the day. As of October 22, 2007, the countdown was based on votes, charts, ringtones, downloads, radio airplay, and streams, meaning that the video that the user requested might not have been the number one video of the day. The show mainly aired from Monday to Thursday for an hour, but the scheduling and length of the show has changed over the years. Even though the word "Live" is in the show's title, a lot of the show's episodes have actually been pre-recorded.

On September 15, 2008, it was announced that "TRL" would be over and it was later replaced by another show. A special, three-hour finale was aired on November 16, 2008 at 8 p.m.

Until 2010, a local version of "TRL" was still running in Italy on MTV.

The beginning of "TRL" traced back to 1997 when MTV started to produce "MTV Live" from the newly opened MTV Studios in Times Square in New York. "MTV Live" featured celebrity interviews, musical performances, and news updates. Music videos were not a major part of the program. At one time, the show had more than 75,000 viewers.

At the same time, MTV aired a countdown show that was simply called "Total Request", hosted by Carson Daly. "Total Request" was a more quiet show, as music videos were introduced from a dimly lit set.

By the fall of 1998, MTV producers decided to merge "MTV Live" and "Total Request" into a new show called "Total Request Live". The new show made its premiere on September 14, 1998.

On September 15, 2008, it was announced that "TRL" would be shut down. The last regular weekday episode aired on November 13, 2008. The episode showed the process of the set being torn down.

A three-hour special that was aired on November 16, 2008 marked the end of the show. The final show included several musical performances.

On June 25, 2014, MTV announced that it will bring back "TRL" for one day on July 2, 2014 with American singer Ariana Grande.

Breakaway (song)

"Breakaway" is a 2004 song written by Avril Lavigne, Bridget Benenate and Matthew Gerrard and produced by John Shanks. It was recorded by pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson for the soundtrack to the film "The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement" by Disney Records. It was also included on Clarkson's second album, "Breakaway" and was released as the album's first single. 

Pareto efficiency

Multi-criteria optimization, or multiobjective optimization is a way of solving a mathematical or economic problem where many different parameters need to be changed to get one of the best possible solutions to the problem. The result of this is called Pareto efficiency, named after Vilfredo Pareto, who first used it in his studies. 

In welfare economics, the idea of Pareto efficiency is very simple: If there is no way of improving the situation of one person, without making that of another person worse, the solution found is Pareto-efficient. 

If we look at what the economy produces, we might say it is on its Pareto Frontier or Production Possibility Frontier, meaning that it is making (or "producing") all it can with the things it has (such as machines, labour, land and ideas -- all called resources or factors of production). If this is the case, making more of one thing would mean making less of another; the resources are already being used to full capacity, so making more of one thing will take resources away from making another.

Just because something is Pareto efficient, it doesn't mean it is fair or "equitable". Even though no-one could be made better off without making someone else worse off, it is possible that one person owns all of the world's things. To make anyone else better off, some would have to be taken away from this person, making them worse off.

Nakahama Manjirō

, also known as John Manjiro or John Mung, was a Japanese sailor, educator, and interpreter.

Manjiro was born in the Naka-no-hama in Tosa Province (now Tosashimizu in Kōchi Prefecture). He was the second son of a poor fisherman. He worked when he was young because his father died and his mother and older brother were sick. Because of this, he did not learn how to read and write very well.

In 1841, when he was 14 years old , the fishing boat he worked on ran into a storm and was turned over. He and the people with him were on the ocean for five days. They landed on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean where no people lived. They spent 143 days on that island. An American ship passed by the island and John Manjiro and the others were saved.

At this time, Japan was a closed country. The American ship or any non-Japanese ship could not enter Japan. Also, any Japanese who left Japan were killed by the Japanese government if they returned to Japan. Most of the people saved from the island were taken to Hawaii. The captain of the ship liked John Manjiro and took Manjiro with him. Manjiro saw a map of the world for the first time and saw how small Japan was in the world. Manjiro was named “John Mung” by the captain. He was adopted by the captain of the ship and lived with the captain’s family in the United States. 
Manjiro learned English, math, measurement, navigation, and shipbuilding at school. He spent all of his time to studying to be a captain. He learned new ideas from the Western world. For example, democracy and equality between men and women.

Manjiro returned to Hawaii and bought a boat. He and his friends from the fishing boat started to sail back to Japan in December of 1850. Japan was still a closed country. Because of this, he was investigated by the Shogunate (the rulers of Japan) for a long time. 

IN 1851, Manjiro return to his village in Japan. 

Around this time, Shimazu Nariakira, a historical person in Japan, was interested in English and shipbuilding. John Manjiro began working as an English teacher. He had a strong friendship with many statesmen. He was even asked to be a statesman himself. 

In 1853-1854, Manjiro was the interpreter for Matthew C. Perry when the Americans first came to Japan. 

In his later years, Manjiro visited American friends. By then, he could not speak English very well any more. He died in 1898 at the age of 71 years old.

John Manjiro was actually born as Manjiro (without a family name). The name "John" comes from the name of the ship he was saved by when on the island in 1841. The name of the ship was "John Howland." The captain gave Manjiro this name. In 1938, Ibuse Masuji, a Japanese writer, first used the name "John Manjiro." From this book came the name of "John Manjiro."

Manjiro had problems translating because he was not good at translating English sentences. This was because he had not learned basic grammar when he was young. He was used as interpreter when Commodore Perry came in 1863. Manjiro pronounced English just as he heard it. His pronunciation was different from present-day English. Japanese based their pronunciation of English at the time on Manjiro’s pronunciation. They were able to be understood by Americans and English people.

There is a musical about Manjiro in Japan. It is called "The Dream of John Manjiro". It was first done in June, 1974.

John Manjiro was the first Japanese man to set foot on the contintental United States, to take a train, to ride a steamship, and to wear a necktie. John Manjiro talked about world views with Ryoma Sakamoto, a famous Japanese statesman and general.

Proper motion

Proper motion is the name for the way the stars seem to slowly move "relative to each other" when seen from Earth. 

The movement is caused by the fact that all stars (including the Sun) are moving through space at hundreds of kilometres per second. However, because they are so far away, it takes a long time for us to see that they have moved, and even then it takes a powerful telescope to see the difference. Because of this, for a long time, most people thought that the stars did not move at all. Even the ancient Greeks, who knew a lot about the stars and discovered some of the other ways they move, such as stellar precession, did not discover proper motion (although they probably suspected it). 

Proper motion was not proved to exist until 1718 when Edmond Halley noticed the stars Sirius, Arcturus and Aldebaran had moved from the places they were in star charts that Hipparchus had drawn around 130 BC. However, even after more than 1,800 years, they had moved less than half a degree.

Proper motion is useful to astronomers in figuring out how far away a star is from Earth because stars that are close usually have a larger proper motion (meaning they move faster across the sky) than stars that are farther away. For example, Barnard's star has the largest proper motion of any star, moving 10.3 arcseconds per year. This is equal to one quarter of a degree, or half the diameter of the Moon in the sky, in only 87 years. It is the second-closest star to the Earth at 5.98 light years away. Also, eight of the ten stars with the biggest proper motions are less than 15 light years away.

Origin of birds

The origin of birds is one of the most interesting questions in palaeontology and evolution. Birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs during the Mesozoic era.

Thomas Henry Huxley ("Darwin's bulldog"), who was a comparative anatomist, made a study of this nearly 150 years ago. He compared the first fossil bird, "Archaeopteryx", with a small theropod dinosaur, "Compsognathus". They are two fossils from the same place and time: the Solnhofen limestone in Bavaria, Germany. The strata come from the end of the Jurassic period, about 144 million years ago.

Huxley's papers on "Archaeopteryx", and the origin of birds, were of great interest then, and still are. He showed that the two fossils were almost identical, except for the front limbs and feathers of "Archaeopteryx".

He united reptiles and birds under the title of Sauropsida, and thought that birds had evolved from small carnivorous dinosaurs.

All palaeontologists since Huxley agreed that "Archaeopteryx" evolved from reptiles, but many thought it was derived from an earlier type than dinosaurs. It took a long time before they agreed with Huxley. Almost all now think that early members of a group of small carnivorous dinosaur were ancestral to birds.

The group most favoured as ancestral is the Paraves or Eumaniraptora, which includes the dromaeosaurs and the troodonts. The dromaeosaurs include "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus" but, of course, it would have been an earlier type of dromaeosaur, perhaps from the lower Jurassic. Dromaeosaurs have several traits we used to think were special to birds: hollow bones with holes for air-sacs, limbs with many bones either lost or fused, clavicles fused into wishbones, and feathers.

The discovery of feathered dinosaurs and birds in the Lower Cretaceous of China was what finally convinced palaeontologists. What seems to have happened is this. Theropod dinosaurs evolved feathers for heat regulation rather than flight. From then, a small group began to use them for primitive flight. This group is represented in the Jurassic by "Archaeopteryx" and "Anchiornis".
Huxley had pointed out that "Archaeopteryx" was a mixture of reptile and bird features. Without the feathers and arms, its skeleton looked just like that of "Compsognathus". We now know its bone growth physiology was much slower than modern birds, and more like that of its dinosaur ancestors. This means it would take longer after hatching before it could fly. A modern precocial bird takes for 3–6 weeks from hatching to flying. In "Archaeopteryx" this milestone might have taken about 18 weeks. It might have taken two to three years to reach its final adult size. The evolution of the physiology of modern forms occurred later in the group's history. They have had over 140 million years to evolve after "Archaeopteryx". This is an example of mosaic evolution, where some characters in a transitional form are basal, while others are remarkably advanced.

"Anchiornis huxlei" is so far the only dinobird fossil known which lived before "Archaeopteryx". It was found in Liaoning, China. The strata dates to the mid-late Jurassic period, 160 to 155 million years ago. There are also feather-bearing non-flying dinosaurs from the Jurassic of China, such as the maniraptoran "Epidexipteryx". "Epidexipteryx" is the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record, about 152 to 168 million years ago.

"Anchiornis" had large wings, made up of flight feathers attached to the arm and hand (as in modern birds) as well as flight feathers on the hind legs, forming an arrangement of fore and hind wings. The forewing of "Anchiornis" was composed of 11 primary feathers and 10 secondary feathers. The primary feathers in "Anchiornis" indicated poorer aerodynamic ability compared to its later relatives. In "Microraptor" and "Archaeopteryx", the longest forewing feathers were closest to the tip of the wing, making the wings appear long, narrow, and pointed. However, in "Anchiornis", the longest wing feathers anchored near the wrist, making the wing broadest in the middle and tapering near the tip for a more rounded, less flight-adapted profile.

So the animal could glide, but probably not fly.

Flying gave the birds access to many new habitats, and an adaptive radiation took place. We see the results of this rapid evolution in the Chinese fossils from the Lower Cretaceous, which are more varied, and mostly more advanced, than "Archaeopteryx". There are now 31 different bird genera from the Lower Cretaceous of China. It is also clear, from the tail feathers of "Confuciusornis" (one of the Chinese fossils), that some of these birds were already using feathers for signalling and display, just as they do today. Like heat regulation, using feathers for display may be much earlier than flight. "Confuciusornis" is the fifth oldest bird fossil, about 25 million years after "Archaeopteryx".
Most dinosaurs died out in the K/T extinction event, at the end of the Cretaceous. The only ones that survived were the birds. The birds, therefore, are not just the descendents of reptiles, but the descendents of theropod dinosaurs. Birds are the last surviving dinosaurs.

The pigments preserved in a 120 million year old fossil bird have been revealed using X-rays. A team scanned the beautifully preserved fossils of "Gansus yumenensis" and "Confuciusornis sanctus". Their study, published in the journal "Science", revealed the chemical fingerprint of pigments that once tinted the ancient bird's feathers. The trace metal copper is a marker for the dark pigment eumelanin. "The X-ray technique was so sensitive that it was able to show that each molecule of copper it detected was being tugged and squashed into a particular shape because it was bound within a eumelanin molecule".

Research of this kind has now been repeated several times.

This is an informal grouping of theropods closest related to birds. These groups are small dinosaurs. They definitely have pennaceous feathers (like birds), and therefore probably temperature regulation. One proposed classification is:

The earliest example of a dinobird is a troodont, "Anchiornis huxlei", from the Upper Jurassic. This specimen pre-dates "Archaeopteryx" by 5–10 million years, and predates any other feathered dinosaur from its location (Liaoning Province, China) by 25–35 million years. This species had long feathers on its hind limbs as well as fore limbs, and could glide, but probably not fly.

At least this clade of theropods had well-developed genuine feathers before the first known bird. Feathering in other groups of theropods is still uncertain. One compsognathid, "Sinosauropteryx", has plumaceous feathers, as does "Shuvuuia", another small theropod. Apparently, many small theropods carried feathers, whose function was thermoregulation (to keep warm).

If we look just before the extinction event. there are examples of birds which are even more like modern birds, such as "Asteriornis".

There is now evidence that many early bird groups went extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period (K/T extinction event). This is the same time that the other dinosaurs went extinct.

Researchers dated the fossils to within 300,000 years of the boundary layer at the end of the Cretaceous.

A May 2018 report, in "Current Biology", says its authors think the birds that survived the end-of-Cretaceous disaster were Neornithes, Neognathae (Galloanserae + Neoaves). They were not tree-living, and could not fly far. After the world-wide destruction of forests, it took a long time for the world's forests to return properly. Virtually the same conclusions were already reached before, in a 2017 book on avian evolution.

All living birds are Neornithes, a subclass in traditional taxonomy. The Ornithurae is the natural group made up of modern birds and their extinct relatives. Their relatives include "Ichthyornis" and "Hesperornis", and some of the Chinese Cretaceous birds. They all have a plough-shaped pygostyle, a bone at the end of the tail which allows the tail feathers to fan and retract. Other groups of birds became extinct in the K/T extinction event.

"Gansus" is a genus of aquatic birds that lived during the Lower Cretaceous, somewhere between 115 and 105 million years ago in what is now Gansu province, western China. It may be the oldest-known of the Ornithurae, depending how that group is defined.

Under any definition, all living birds, including taxa as diverse as ostriches, hummingbirds and eagles, are descended from basal ornithurans, many of which were semi-aquatic. It is now thought possible that all modern birds descended specifically from a semi-aquatic bird similar to "Gansus". Thus, while "Gansus" is not necessarily a direct ancestor of today's birds, it is closely related to such an ancestral species.


Reddit

Reddit () is a website where people share links to articles, media and other things on the web. The website is organized into "subreddits", communities within the Reddit community to discuss certain topics or to look at specific content. The posted links can be voted on, and the links with most votes are displayed on the front page of the website. Reddit was founded in 2005 by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian, and is also available in other languages. People in the Reddit community call themselves "redditors". Some examples of subreddits are /r/Pics, /r/Aww, /r/FakeHistory, /r/WritingPrompts, /r/Showerthoughts, /r/todayilearned. Subreddits are directed towards all sort of things, like educational, funny, cute pictures of animals, intellectual nonsense, internet memes, and more.

Reddit has occasionally been the topic of controversy due to the presence of subreddits devoted to disinformation, explicit, or controversial material, including subreddits r/Creepshots, r/jailbait, and r/greenandpleasant.

Reddit is a website comprising user-generated content that can be discussed like a forum.

Reddit's core content consists of posts from its users.

Reddit users are called "redditors." Moderators are called "mods".

Discussions on Reddit are organized into user-created areas of interest called "subreddits".

Bryde's whale

Bryde's whale is a baleen whale. It is a small group of several species which look alike and used to be lumped together. The whale can grow from 12.5 m (41 ft) to 14 m (46 ft) long and a weight of 16–18.5 tonnes, with the female larger than the male. 

Until the 1950s it was considered a single species, Balaenoptera brydei. It is now known that there are several almost identical species. Balaenoptera edeni and Balaenoptera omurai are two other species in the group. 

There has also been confusion between the Sei whale, Balaenoptera borealis, and the Bryde's whale as they look alike and are the same size. Bryde's whale is unique in having three long ridges on its head that go from between the eyes towards the blowhole. All other rorquals have just one. The Bryde's whales skin varies from black to dark grey.

The whale was named after Johan Bryde, who built South Africa's first factory to process whales. They are found in tropical and sub-tropical waters. There seem to be several different types of Bryde's whales, but it has not yet been decided if they are different species, or a sub-species. In particular, "B. brydei" and "B. edeni" may be sister species.

Catherine of Portugal

Catherine of Portugal (born in Lisbon, Portugal November 26, 1436; died June 17, 1463), also known as the Infanta Catarina, was the daughter of King Edward of Portugal. She lived most of her life and died in the Convent of Saint Claire.

Alto Paraíso de Goiás

Alto Paraíso de Goiás (usually just Alto Paraíso) is a small town and a municipality in Goiás state, Brazil.

Nap (textile)

Nap is the raised (fuzzy) surface on cloth. Velvet in one of these clothes with nap. Nap can also mean a felt cloth.

In the 14th century, the word described the roughness of woven cloth before it was cut.
In the 15th century, the term nap refers to a pile given to the cloth. The word "pile" means the raised fibers that are there on purpose. They were put there, instead of by producing the cloth. The nap is woven into the cloth, often by weaving loops into the fabric. The can then be cut or left on the cloth. Carpets, rugs, velvet, velour, and velveteen, are made by weaving a second yarn through woven cloth, making a nap or pile.

Art exhibition

An art exhibition is a place where works of art are shown to the public. The word exhibition comes from Latin "exhibere", which means "to show". This can be in a museum or an exhibition hall. The exhibition can be temporary, or permanent (like a section of a museum). Some exhibitions show works of art of the same artist, others show works of art on a common theme.

Tournament

A tournament is a competition with large number of players, all taking part in a sport or game. The word and general meaning come from the medieval tournament or "tourney". The word is still used sometimes used for a military event such as the Royal Tournament.

The word "tournament" is now defined in two ways:


These two types of tournament are different. All golf tournaments meet are of the first type, but match play tournaments are in the second. Football (soccer) leagues like the Premier League are tournaments in the second sense, but not the first, having matches spread across many places over a period of up to a year. Many tournaments meet both definitions; for example, the Wimbledon tennis championship.

Transhumanism

Transhumanism is a cultural movement that thinks that humans could benefit from technology (mostly the biological type) that improves the condition of life. It seeks to find a solution to aging, disease, and death (especially of the natural variety) by making use of such technology. The word was coined by Julian Huxley in 1957. 


Kirk Hammett

Kirk Lee Hammett (born November 18, 1962) is the lead guitarist for the band Metallica. He also sings in the background (backing vocals) during most of their songs. Joe Satriani was Hammett's guitar instructor. Before joining Metallica, he was the founding member of another band called Exodus. He left Exodus when the other musicians in Metallica asked him join them.

Kim Yoon-ok

Kim Yoon-ok, also called Kim Yun-ok, (, born 26 March 1947) is the wife of Lee Myung-bak, President of the Republic of Korea .

Her family runs a construction company in Daegu. She and her husband Lee Myung-bak met at the College of Health Education at Ewha Womans University.

On December 19, 1970, after graduation from the University, Kim was engaged to Lee Myung-bak against her family's will. Lee was then director of the Hyundai Engineering Corporation. They have 1 son and 3 daughters together. Kim Yoon-ok enjoys cooking.

Pandora's box

In Greek mythology, Pandora's box was a large jar (πιθος P"ithos") carried by Pandora. It contained the evils to be let loose on mankind. When the box was empty, hope remained. The actual evils are not specified by Hesiod.

The word in the original text is "Pithos", which usually refers to a large container; used to store wine or other things. Such containers were also used for funerals. In the case of Pandora, this jar may have been made of clay for use as storage as in the usual sense, or, instead, of bronze metal as an unbreakable prison.

The mistranslation of P"ithos" as "box" is usually attributed to the 16th-century humanist Erasmus of Rotterdam. Erasmus is thought to have made the error when he translated Hesiod's tale of Pandora into Latin. Hesiod's "P"ithos" refers to a storage jar for oil or grain. Erasmus, however, translated "pithos" into the Latin word "pyxis", meaning "box". The phrase "Pandora's box" has endured ever since. This error was further backed by Dante Gabriel Rossetti's painting "Pandora".


Longshore drift

Longshore drift is the process of the ocean currents forcing sand and other material down a beach. 

The material is first pulled into the currents by the backwash (the water going out to sea) and is then pushed back up the beach by the swash (the water going onto the beach). Longshore drift always moves in the direction of the main wind. If longshore drift continues for a long time, beaches can be changed quite a bit. The changes depend on the details, and vary from place to place. Longshore drift is the net (average) movement of sand grains across a beach in a zig-zag motion.


There are many inexpensive and effective ways of controlling longshore drift. The most common method is groynes (wooden walls that the sand builds up against). Some people dislike groynes because they interfere with walking along the beach, and the look of the beach.

Alfred Jodl

Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl (10 May 1890 in Würzburg – 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg) was a German military commander, was the Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command (Oberkommando der Wehrmacht, or OKW) during World War II. At the Nuremberg trials he was tried, sentenced to death and hanged as a war criminal.

Gatorade

Gatorade is a brand of sports-themed food and beverage products, built around its signature product: a line of sports drinks. Gatorade is currently manufactured by PepsiCo, distributed in over 80 countries. The beverage was first developed in 1965 by researchers at the University of Florida, to replenish the combination of water, carbohydrates, and electrolytes that the school's student-athletes lost (in sweat) during rigorous athletic competitions. Its name was derived from the collective nickname of the university's athletic teams, "the Gators".

Originally produced and marketed by Stokely-Van Camp, the Gatorade brand was purchased by the Quaker Oats Company in 1983, who was bought out by PepsiCo in 2001. As of 2010, Gatorade is PepsiCo’s 4th-largest brand, on the basis of worldwide annual retail sales. It primarily competes with Coca-Cola's Powerade and Vitaminwater brands worldwide; plus, Lucozade Sport in the United Kingdom. Within the United States, Gatorade accounts for approximately 75 percent market share in the sports drink category.

There are many other flavours of Gatorade, including:

Gatorade is the official sports drink of NASCAR, the National Football League, Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association, Women's National Basketball Association, USA Basketball, National Hockey League, Association of Volleyball Professionals, US Soccer Federation, Major League Soccer, and other professional and collegiate athletic organizations, providing supplies of the drinks to sponsored teams in some cases. Distribution was extended to include the U.K. in 2008, coinciding with an agreement designating Gatorade as the official sports drink of the Chelsea F.C. Gatorade's 1991 "Be Like Mike" ads featured Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, a North American basketball team which had just won its first National Basketball Association championship at the time. The ads began airing in August 1991 and the phrase "Be Like Mike" became household lingo in America. In more recent years, the Gatorade brand has continued to employ professional sports athletes in the promotion of its products. Primary endorsers in the 2000s have included Major League Baseball player Derek Jeter, National Hockey League player Sidney Crosby, National Basketball Association player Dwyane Wade, PGA Tour golfer Tiger Woods, and National Football League quarterback Peyton Manning. Gatorade is the official sports drink of 's home video affiliate, Viva Video, Inc.

Gatorade has been the subject of substantial media attention and reference in popular culture situations, most of which are in relation to team or individual athletic sports. The most notable and ongoing presence of Gatorade in popular culture is the Gatorade shower, originally called the "Gatorade Dunk," where players from a victorious team pick up the Gatorade cooler, sneak up behind the head coach, and pour the contents of the cooler (generally Gatorade and ice) over his head at the end of an American football game. This tradition was popularized in the mid-1980s when Harry Carson and Jim Burt, of the New York Giants, doused head coach Bill Parcells during the 1985 season. Burt's teammates picked up on this practice and popularized it during the team's championship season of 1986-87. The tradition has since become a recurring tradition across other team sports.

Gatorade has also achieved status as the cliché representative for sports drinks in American media, for example, in the film Clerks, the character Dante is at one point forced to give free Gatorade to his hockey teammates, and in the film "The Waterboy", Adam Sandler is told that "the water sucks" and that Gatorade is superior.


Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll

Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll (17 January 1801 – 16 January 1856), an illegitimate daughter of William IV and Dorothy Jordan, married William Hay on 4 December, 1820, at the age of 19. Hay was born with the name Lady Elizabeth FitzClarence.

She married her husband at St George's, Hanover Square, an Anglican church in Westminister.

She is shown in a Fitzclarence portrait in House of Dun, and she kept a stone thrown at her father William IV and the gloves he wore on opening his first Parliament as keepsakes.

She died on 16 January 1856 in Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 54.

With her husband she had four children:

She is also the grandmother of Princess Louise's husband, the Duke of Fife.

David Cameron is related to Elizabeth Hay through William IV, which makes him the fifth cousin, twice removed to the Queen.

Robert Blyth

Robert Roberts Taylor Blyth (2 June 1900 – 1956) was a Scottish professional football player from the 1920s.

Blyth was born in Muirkirk, Scotland. His father was a soccer player for Portsmouth, who later became the manager from 1901 to 1904.

Blyth played in eight Portsmouth games in the 1921-1922 season.

Bredbury

Bredbury is a village in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, in Greater Manchester, England. Bredbury is found southeast of the city of Manchester, and east-northeast of Stockport. At the 2001 census it had a population of 15,126 people living there.

FeedDemon

FeedDemon is a free proprietary software for Windows that reads RSS feeds. The inventor of FeedDemon is Nick Bradbury, the inventor of other software. This software is owned by NewsGator Technologies since May 2005. This software can work with Bloglines and NewsGator Online.


Roaring Twenties

The phrase Roaring Twenties describes the 1920s, a time in North America when art, society, and culture were rapidly changing. The term 'Roaring' applies here, as art, society and culture were rapidly improving and therefore 'Roaring'. Prohibition was in place and so North America was a very 'wise' and 'clean-cut' place to be.

The North American economy during the 1920s was doing very well because World War I had just ended. Many new products were being made for the consumer. Products were being produced on a huge scale throughout North America, one example of these products is the 'Model T Ford', a car that was seen in every state of the USA.

The culture of the Roaring Twenties was very different from before. Women's roles were changed. Liberal young women, called flappers, wore short skirts, cut their hair short, and listened to a new form of music called jazz. Women had gotten the right to vote. Writers like F. Scott Fitzgerald and Ernest Hemingway were called the Lost Generation because they moved out of the United States after the war. African-American art and culture also grew a lot during the Harlem Renaissance.

Even though North America was doing very well in terms of prosperity, a lot of problems still arose. One of the main problems in North America during the 1920s was Organized Crime. Gangs of foreign immigrants were importing illegal alcohol, tobacco, firearms etc. One of the most famous gangsters of this time was Al Capone.

Ginseng

Ginseng refers to species within Panax, a genus of species of slow-growing perennial plants with fleshy roots, in the family Araliaceae. They grow in the Northern Hemisphere in eastern Asia (mostly northern China, Korea, and eastern Siberia), typically in cooler climates; "Panax vietnamensis", discovered in Vietnam, is the southernmost ginseng found.

Malacañang Palace

Malacañang Palace is the official home for the President of the Philippines. It is in the San Miguel district of Manila, the Philippines.

Topological space

A topological space is a space studied in topology, the mathematics of the structure of shapes. Roughly, it is a set of things (called points) along with a way to know which things are close together.

More precisely, a topological space has a certain kind of set, called "open sets". Open sets are important because they allow one to talk about points "near" another point, called a neighbourhood of the point. A neighbourhood of a point is simply an open set containing that point. If one did not have the concept of open sets, one cannot define neighbourhoods in a good way. If one tries to define a neighbourhood of a point as "any" set containing that point, it might just include that point and that point only, not any points near it, or points far away.
We also have the concept of "closed sets", which are complements of open sets. That is, all of the points not belonging to a certain open sets forms a closed set.

Open sets must follow certain rules so that they match our ideas of nearness. The union of any number of open sets must be open, and the union of a finite number of closed sets must be closed. (The second rule only works for a finite number of closed sets. That is because in many cases a set containing a single point is closed. Any set is made of points. If the second rule applied to an infinite number of closed sets, then "every" set would be closed.) As a special case, the set containing every point is both open and closed. The set containing no points is also both open and closed.

A set of points can have many different definitions of what an open set is. One can think of only certain sets as open, or more sets as open. One might even consider every set to be open. The same set with different definitions of open sets form different topological spaces.

Gisele Bündchen

Gisele Caroline Bündchen (born July 20, 1980) is a Brazilian model. She also occasionally acts in movies. According to "Forbes", Bündchen is the best paid supermodel in the world and the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment world. Bündchen earned $33 million in 2007 and $35 million in 2008 alone. Bündchen's fortune is estimated to be about $150 million. She is also listed on "Guinness Book of World Records" as the world's richest supermodel. Bündchen has been the face of more than 20 brands internationally and has appeared on more magazine covers than any other model.

Gisele Caroline Bündchen was born in Brazil to a family of German origin. Her mother, Vânia Nonnenmacher, was a bank clerk and her father, Valdir Bündchen, was a university teacher and writer. Bündchen is one of the six daughters of Vânia Nonnenmacher and Valdir Bündchen. Her sisters are: Raquel, Graziela, her twin Patrícia, Gabriela and Rafaela. 

Bündchen married Tom Brady on February 26, 2009. Bündchen has two children with him, Benjamin Rein Brady (born 2009) and Vivian Lake Brady (born 2012). 


Sonic Unleashed

Sonic Unleashed is a 2008 adventure video game, which was released for Wii, PlayStation 3 (PS3), PlayStation 2 (PS2) and Xbox 360.

Sonic can turn into a giant werehog with amazing power at nightfall. But in day, race though many tracks fight Eggman and his robots, and save the day once again, like in other "Sonic the Hedgehog" video games.


Tarnów

Tarnów is a city in the southeastern part of Poland in Lesser Poland Voivodeship. About 114,000 people live in Tarnów. It is a major rail junction, located on the strategic east-west connection from Lwów to Kraków.

Province of León

León is a province in the northwest of Spain. About 500,000 people live there. Its capital city is León. Leonese language is the language of the province.


Bermudo III

Bermudo III was the King of León in the Middle Ages.


Ponferrada

Ponferrada is a town and municipality of the Región of El Bierzo (province of León, Castilla y León, in Spain. About 66,000 people were living here as of 2005.


Regional Municipality of York

The Regional Municipality of York, also called York Region, is a regional municipality in south-central Ontario, Canada, between Lake Simcoe and Toronto. It replaced the old York County in 1971. In 2006, nearly 893,000 people were living in the Regional Municipality of York. It is the fastest growing region in Canada and it is expected to grow to more than 1.5 million people by 2031. The whole region is part of the Greater Toronto Area and is part of the Golden Horseshoe. The capital of the region is in Newmarket.

York Region covers 1,776 square kilometres from Lake Simcoe in the north to the city of Toronto in the south. The eastern border is shared with Durham Region. To the west is Peel Region, and Simcoe County is to the northwest.

Towns and cities in York Region include:

There is also one First Nation "(Native Canadians)" with an Indian reserve, where the Chippewas of Georgina Island First Nation live.

York Region includes farmlands, wetlands and small kettle lakes, the Oak Ridges Moraine and over 2,070 hectares of regional forest, as well as built-up areas of its towns.


List of Pokémon

This is a complete list of Pokémon, fictional monsters from the Pokémon series. This list covers over 1010 Pokémon species.


When You're Gone

"When You're Gone" is a song performed by the Canadian singer Avril Lavigne for her 2007 album "The Best Damn Thing".

Hot (song)

"Hot" is a song by Avril Lavigne produced by Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald. It is the third single from Lavigne's third album, "The Best Damn Thing".

Korean Wikipedia

The Korean Wikipedia is the Korean-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in October 2002, and as of June 2020 15, has over 500,000 articles.

It is the 27th largest edition.

He Wasn't

"He Wasn't" is the fourth single from Avril Lavigne's second album "Under My Skin".

Australia






Over the Hedge (movie)

Over the Hedge is a 2006 animated comedy movie based on the comic strip of the same name. It was directed by Tim Johnson and Karey Kirkpatrick, and produced by Bonnie Arnold. The movie premiered in Los Angeles on April 30, 2006 and was released on May 19, 2006. The movie stars Bruce Willis, Steve Carell, Garry Shandling, William Shatner, Avril Lavigne and Nick Nolte.

While searching for food, RJ the raccoon goes into the cave of Vincent the bear, who has a wagon full of human food taken from a nearby rest stop. RJ accidentally wakes Vincent from his deep sleep of hibernation, and in a race to escape, causes the food cart to roll out onto the nearby highway and get run over by a large truck. To avoid being eaten himself, RJ promises Vincent that he will completely replace all that food within the week.

RJ finds a nearby, recently-built suburban housing development separated from a tree forest by a large hedge. There he discovers a pack of animals recently awoken from their hibernation, led by Verne the turtle. The others include squirrel Hammy, skunk Stella, porcupines Penny and Lou, along with their triplet sons, Spike, Bucky and Quillo; and opossum Ozzie and his daughter Heather. The animals are scared, as the development had been built during their hibernation, and they fear they will be unable to search for food in the small forest. RJ shows them the amount of food humans get and waste and suggests they forage from the humans. Verne is hesitant but the other animals agree. They make bold attempts to steal food directly from the humans, with RJ secretly directing them to help collect the food he needs to replace Vincent's stash.

When the animals raid the trash cans of the homeowners-association chairwoman Gladys Sharp, she calls an animal exterminator named Dwayne LaFontant, who agrees to put an illegal, lethal trap called the "Depelter Turbo" in her backyard. Verne sees this and tries to warn the others, but RJ says they will be okay. Fearing for the safety of the pack, Verne attempts to return what they stole; he and RJ argue, causing a small rampage through the development during a chase with a large, quick dog named Nugent and destroying the stash RJ had collected for Vincent. After a brief argument, RJ and Verne make up and RJ rallies the others to raid Gladys' home directly on the night before a large party. With skunk Stella disguised as a cat to distract Gladys' own cat, Tiger, the others enter Gladys' home and collect all the food. RJ inadvertently reveals his duplicity to the animals, just as they are found by Gladys who calls Dwayne. RJ escapes with the food but leaves the other animals to be captured by Dwayne.

As RJ brings the food to Vincent, he is overcome by remorse, and instead uses the stash to knock Dwayne's truck off the road, and makes Vincent mad. Dwayne is knocked out while the animals get free, and Spike, Bucky and Quillo use skills they learned from a videogame to drive the truck back to the development. Verne convinces the group to forgive RJ since he came back to save them, and they save him from Vincent. They return the truck to the development, crashing through Gladys' home, and the animals flee into the hedge. Gladys and Dwayne converge on the animals from one side with a yard trimmer and a cattle prod, respectively, while Vincent tries to swipe at them from the other. To escape, RJ gives Hammy an energy drink, allowing the hyperactive squirrel to move very, very fast. Hammy causes Vincent, Gladys, and Dwayne to be trapped by the Depelter Turbo while the animals escape. The police and animal control arrive, and Vincent is sent to the Rocky Mountains, while the lady Gladys is arrested for using the illegal Depelter Turbo, and Dwayne attempts escape only to run into Nugent the dog, who bites him on the leg.

RJ and Verne apologize to each other. RJ is brought into the group, as is Tiger, who became love-struck with Stella even after learning she was a skunk. Verne realizes they have not had a chance to search for food until Hammy reveals that while sped up, he had collected enough nuts for the group to last the year.



Donkey Kong 64

Donkey Kong 64 (also called DK 64) is a platform video game made by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game system. It was first released on November 24, 1999 in North America. Donkey Kong 64 is one of the first games for the Nintendo 64 to use the Expansion Pak.

The gameplay of Donkey Kong 64 is about getting different types of items. Some of those items include coins, bananas, weapons, and keys. These items are needed in order to move on to new levels and fight bosses.

Donkey Kong 64 can be played in multiplayer with up to four players at a time. The multiplayer mode has three arenas and five characters to pick from the single player mode.

Donkey Kong 64 got good scores from reviewers and had an 88% average on GameRankings.

Tesla coil

A Tesla coil is an electrical machine invented by Nikola Tesla in 1891. It is a radio-frequency oscillator and resonant transformer that generates high voltage electricity at low currents. One use is to make lightning bolts. Most are used nowadays to entertain. "Singing Tesla coils" have also been made that can create music. 

Froot Loops

Froot Loops is a many colored, fruit flavored breakfast cereal made by the cereal maker Kellogg's. It is sold worldwide. When it was first made in 1963, the cereal had red, orange, and yellow loops. In the 1990s, blue, green, and purple loops were added to the cereal. The cereal's mascot is a Toucan called "Toucan Sam".

Froot loops website

Toronto Sun

The Toronto Sun is an English language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is often seen as a working person's newspaper.

As of the end of 2007, the "Sun" sold 180,000 newspapers during Monday to Saturday and about 310,000 papers on Sunday. 



Lymph node

A Lymph node () is an organ consisting of many types of cells, and is a part of the lymphatic system. Lymph nodes are found all through the body, and remove foreign ("not of the body") objects from the body. Lymph nodes contain white blood cells. They are important for the correct use of the immune system.

In the human body, the most likely place where lymph nodes can be felt are the neck, underarms, and groin area.

Tim Horton

Miles Gilbert "Tim" Horton (January 12, 1930 – February 21, 1974) was a Canadian professional hockey defenceman from Cochrane, Ontario. He played 24 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, the New York Rangers, the Pittsburgh Penguins, and Buffalo Sabres. He was also a businessman and the co-founder of Tim Hortons, now Canada's largest restaurant chain. He died in an car crash at St. Catharines, Ontario in 1974 at the age of 44.

In 1964, Horton opened his first Tim Hortons shop in Hamilton, Ontario.

As well as over 2700 shops in Canada, Buffalo, New York has over 80 Tim Hortons Doughnut Shops, and they can be found in Detroit, Michigan; Columbus, Ohio; and other American cities, mainly in the Northeast and the Great Lakes region. There are now over 400 shops in the United States.

Early on the morning of February 21, 1974, Horton was driving on the Queen Elizabeth Way from Toronto to his home in Buffalo after the Buffalo Sabres had played in Toronto the night before, in his sports car. He lost control and hit a concrete culvert. The crash turned the vehicle over and Horton, who was not wearing a seat belt, was thrown out of the car. Horton was dead on arrival at the local hospital. A police officer following Horton said that he had been going over 160 km/h (100 mph).

Tim Horton is buried in York Cemetery Toronto..



Jetstar Airways

Jetstar Airways is a low-cost airline. It was established by Qantas to counter the expansion of Virgin Blue in Australia. It flies to many domestic and international destinations. Its main airport is Melbourne Airport.


In 2003 Qantas bought the bankrupt Impulse Airlines, and established Jetstar as a low-cost domestic subsidiary. In February 2004 Jetstar Airways start selling tickets to passengers for her flights.
On 1 December, 2005 she started flying to 1st international airport in Christchurch, New Zealand.


Fire extinguisher

A Fire extinguisher is a device which can be used to control a fire. Fire extinguishers can help remove the fire, and may stop it from burning. Depending on the size, some fire extinguishers can be carried around and operated by hand. There are different kinds of fire extinguishers. Different kinds of fire can be controlled by different substances. There are color codes, the color tells what kinds of fires the fire extinguisher is useful for:

There are also different sizes of fire extinguishers. Bigger fire extinguishers can be used for a longer time. Hand-held fire extinguishers vary between 0.5 and 14 kg. A 2 kg extinguisher works for about two to four seconds, the 12 kg model for about eighteen seconds. There are also bigger fire extinguishers, mounted on a cart or a vehicle. These are used to fight fires at airports, for example.

To be useful, fire extinguishers need to be checked after a certain amount of time. Usually, for fire extinguishers in public buildings, there are laws about this amount of time. 

Minke whale

The minke whale (also known as the lesser rorqual) is the smallest of the baleen whales that lives in many places in the world. It is the smallest rorqual whale (the large baleen whales). A large one is about 30 feet long and weighs 10 tons. They are black or gray with white on their belly and a white "armband" across their flippers. It is the only baleen whale that is still hunted for money. The Minke whale can swim quite fast.

There are two types of Minke whale. They are:

The minke whales are the second smallest baleen whale. Only the pygmy right whale is smaller. Males measure an average of and females in length. Both sexes typically weigh 4 - 5 t (3.9–4.9 long tons; 4.4–5.5 short tons) as adults. The maximum weight may be as much as 14 t (14 long tons; 15 short tons). They become adults after 6 to 8 years.

The minke whale is a black/gray/purple color. Common minke whales (Northern Hemisphere variety) have a white band on each flipper. The body is usually black or dark-gray above and white underneath. Most of the back, including dorsal fin and blowholes, appears at once when the whale comes to the surface to breathe.

Minke whales usually live for 30–50 years. In some cases they may live for up to 60 years.

The gestation time for minke whales is 10 months. Calves measure at birth. The newborns nurse for five to possibly 10 months. Breeding is mostly done during the summer months. Calving is thought to happen every two years.

University of Durham

The University of Durham is a university in the City of Durham in the north of England. It was founded in 1832. It is one of the oldest universities in the United Kingdom. It is "long established as the leading alternative to Oxford and Cambridge".


Gerrymandering

Gerrymandering is when a political group tries to change a voting district to create a result that gives them an advantage to hurt and reduce another political group's chances of winning. This can result in unfair election outcomes if successful. It is named after Elbridge Gerry (1744-1814).

If we have Group A and Group B both trying to win in a district. Group A has 40 votes and Group B has 50. In another district Group A knows Group B will win for sure. Group A changes the voting district so that 11 votes are moved to the other district. Now they will win 40 votes to 39.

There are 4 different techniques used in gerrymandering, such as "packing", "cracking", and "hijacking", and "kidnapping."

Packing gerrymandering is when a political party puts as many opposing voters as possible into very few districts, or one whole district so they have fewer chances to win in other districts. This weakens the opposition's influence in elections

Cracking gerrymandering is when a political party spreads opposing voters across many different districts to prevent them from having a majority in any district. This makes it hard for the opposition to win in elections

Hijacking gerrymandering, also known as "sweetheart gerrymandering," is when district maps are redrawn so that two incumbents (office holders, like a member of Congress) of the same party are forced to run against each other. This weakens one of them or forces them to retire, majorly benefiting the opposing party.

Kidnapping gerrymandering is when a political party moves an incumbent's home address into another district. This makes it more difficult for elections when the incumbent is in another district and has to face a different political party or voter base.

Suffrage

Suffrage is the right to vote. Most countries allow citizens to vote once they are legally an adult. In the past not all people were allowed to vote. In general, most countries today do not stop people of a different race or sex from voting. 

Suffrage can also apply to states themselves. Article V. of the U. S. Constitution does not allow any amendment to take away the States' equal suffrage in the Senate.

Suffrage can also mean the right to be a public official. Some people call the right to run for office candidate eligibility. Full suffrage means both the right to vote and the right to seek office.


Windows Product Activation

Windows Product Activation is a service built into all versions of Windows from Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 above to stop people downloading pirated copies. The user has 30 days to activate Windows and after 30 days, the computer will not run properly until it is activated.

When Windows is first installed, there will be a little icon on the screen with a message asking for Windows to be activated.

Then an activation wizard will appear and the user has 2 options on activating Windows. Activation could be done on the Internet, or on the telephone. The quickest way to activate is by the Internet, but if that fails, then the user would need to call Microsoft for the activation ID. The activation ID would be read by the representative and then the user would type in the key on the activation Wizard screen.

Algorithm

An algorithm is a set of instructions for solving logical and mathematical problems, or for accomplishing some other task. 

A recipe is a good example of an algorithm because it says what must be done, step by step. It takes inputs (ingredients) and produces an output (the completed dish).

The words 'algorithm' and 'algorism' come from the name of a Persian mathematician called Al-Khwārizmī (Persian: خوارزمی, c. 780–850).

Informally, an algorithm can be called a "list of steps". Algorithms can be written in ordinary language, and that may be all a person needs.

In computing, an algorithm is a precise list of operations that could be done by a Turing machine.
For the purpose of computing, algorithms are written in pseudocode, flow charts, or programming languages.

There is usually more than one way to solve a problem. There may be many different recipes to make a certain dish which looks different but ends up tasting the same when all is said and done. The same is true for algorithms. However, some of these ways will be better than others. If a recipe needs lots of complicated ingredients that you do not have, it is not as a good as a simple recipe. When we look at algorithms as a way of solving problems, often we want to know how long it would take a computer to solve the problem using a particular algorithm. When we write algorithms, we like our algorithm to take the least amount of time so that we can solve our problem as quickly as possible.

In cooking, some recipes are more difficult to do than others, because they take more time to finish or have more things to keep track of.
It is the same for algorithms, and algorithms are better when they are easier for the computer to do. The thing that measures the difficulty of an algorithm is called "complexity". When we ask how complex an algorithm is, often we want to know how long it will take a computer to solve the problem we want it to solve.

This is an example of an algorithm for sorting cards with colors on them into piles of the same color:


These are examples of algorithms for sorting a stack of cards with many different numbers, so that the numbers are in order.

Players start with a stack of cards that have not been sorted.

This algorithm goes through the stack of cards, one card at a time. This card is compared to the next card in the stack. Please note that this position only changes in step 6. This algorithm is called bubble sort. It is slow.


Let us take a stack of the cards with the numbers "5 1 4 2 8", and sort it from smallest number to biggest one using this algorithm. In each step, the algorithm compares the elements written in bold. The top of the stack of cards is on the left-hand side.

First pass:
( 5 1 4 2 8 ) formula_1 ( 1 5 4 2 8 ) Here, the algorithm compares the first two elements, and swaps them.
( 1 4 2 5 8 ) formula_1 ( 1 4 2 5 8 ) These elements are already in order, so the algorithm does not swap them.
Second pass:
Now, the stack of cards is already sorted, but our algorithm does not know this. The algorithm needs one whole pass without any swap to know it is sorted.
Third pass:
Finally, the array is sorted, and the algorithm can stop.

This is an easy-to-understand algorithm for sorting. Computer scientists called it "Bubble sort", because smaller elements will rise to the top, changing their position in each run. Unfortunately, the algorithm is not very good, because it needs a long time (many passes through the stack of cards) to sort it.

This algorithm uses another idea. Sometimes solving a problem is difficult, but the problem can be changed so it is made of simpler problems that are easier to solve. This is called recursion. It is more difficult to understand than the first example, but it will give a better algorithm.


This works with two stacks of cards. One of them is called A, the other is called B. There is a third stack that is empty at the start, called C. At the end, it will contain the result.

John von Neumann developed this algorithm in 1945. He did not call it "Sorting by numbers", he called it "Mergesort". It is a very good algorithm for sorting, compared to others.

The first algorithm takes much longer to sort the cards than the second, but it can be improved (made better). Looking at bubble sort, it can be noticed that cards with high numbers move from the top of the stack quite quickly, but cards with low numbers at the bottom of the stack take a long time to "rise" (move to the top).
To improve the first algorithm here is the idea:


This algorithm was developed by C. A. R. Hoare in 1960. It is one of most widely used algorithms for sorting today. It is called "Quicksort".

If players have cards with colors and numbers on them, they can sort them by color and number if they do the "sorting by colors" algorithm, then do the "sorting by numbers" algorithm to each colored stack, then put the stacks together.

The sorting-by-numbers algorithms are more difficult to do than the sorting-by-colors algorithm, because they may have to do the steps again many times. One would say that sorting by numbers is more "complex".



John Caesar

John Caesar (1764 – 15 February 1796), known as Black Caesar, was the first Australian bushranger. He was also the first black person with an African background to come to Australia. He was the first bushranger to have a reward offered for his capture.

Caesar was most likely born in Madagascar, in about 1763. He was a slave on a sugar plantation (farm) in the West Indies. He ran away and went to London. On 17 March 1786, he was in court at Deptford, Kent for stealing 240 shillings. He was sent to the new country called Australia as a convict for seven years. He left on the Alexander, a convict transport ship in the First Fleet, in May 1787 and arrived in Botany Bay in January 1788.

On 29 April 1789 he was caught stealing food. Two weeks later he escaped into the bush, taking food, an iron cooking pot, and a musket (gun) taken from a sea army officer (Marine) named Abraham Hand. He could not catch enough animals to eat, and he began to steal food from the settlement. On 26 May he stole food from a brick making gang at Brickfield Hill and was nearly caught. On June 6 he tried to steal food from Zachariah Clark, who was the assistant in charge of the new colony's food supplies. Caesar was caught by a convict named William Saltmarsh.
In July 1789, David Collins, the colony's Judge-Advocate, said that John Caesar was the hardest working convict in the new colony. He said that he was a large man with a lot of muscles, but he was always hungry. He would eat food meant to last two days in one meal, and would then need to steal more food from others. All his thefts were about getting more food.

After he was captured, Collins said Caesar was a "wretch" (a miserable person) who did not care if he died. Caesar told Collins that he would make it if was hanged, he would turn into a joke by playing a trick on the executioner. Governor Arthur Phillip however, thought Caesar would be more use working and sent him to Garden Island, where he would work in with his legs tied with iron chain. He was well behaved and the chains were soon taken off.

Caesar soon escaped again; on 22 December used a canoe to get off the island, taking a week's worth of food. He stole a musket, and lived by taking food from gardens and taking the food of Aboriginals after scaring them away with his gun. After he lost the gun at Rose Hill, and was attacked by the Aborigines, leaving him wounded in several places. He gave himself up on the 31 December to an officer at Rose Hill.

On 6 March 1790, Caesar was sent to Norfolk Island. There he had one daughter, later named Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann (e) Power. He was taken back to Sydney in 1793, and began stealing from the farms and huts again. He was caught and then flogged (hit 500 times with a whip). This did not make any difference; Caesar said that "all that would not make him better."

In 1795 Black Caesar ran away for the last time, and formed a gang of runaways. On 29 January 1796, a reward of five gallons of rum was offered by Governor John Hunter for his capture. Every day there were reports of missing things, but he was able to avoid being captured until 15 February. A man named Wimbow, who had been searching for days, found him in an area of thick bush called Liberty Plains and shot him. He died soon after. 


SliTaz

SliTaz GNU/Linux is a software project started by Christophe Lincoln in 2006. It is one of the smallest desktop Linux distributions available It can be loaded entirely into RAM or be installed to a hard drive.

SliTaz 1.0 was released on March 22, 2008. SliTaz shares many common goals with Damn Small Linux, but is smaller and based on the more recent Linux 2.6 kernel.


Musket

A musket is a muzzleloading, smoothbore firearm, which is meant to be fired from the shoulder. 

The musket is the weapon that replaced the arquebus, and was then replaced by the rifle. But the word "musket" is also used to describe a number of different weapons including:

Muskets were made for use by infantry. A soldier armed with a musket was called a musketman or musketeer. In the 1500's, soldiers armed with a heavy arquebus, called a musket, supported the arquebusiers and the pikemen. By the start of 1700's, a lighter type of musket took over from the arquebus. When the bayonet was added, there was no longer a need for pikemen, and almost all infantry soldiers became musketeers. The first musket made in the united States was the Springfield Model 1795 Musket. In the 1800's, better ammunition and ways of firing the gun, meant that rifling was practical for military use, and the rifled musket became common. A few years later, the use of cartridges, breechloading, and multiple rounds of ammunition meant the "rifled musket" gave way to the rifle, and "muskets" were no longer used.

Musket calibres ranged from to . A smoothbore musket, firing at a single target, was only accurate to about to . Rifled muskets in the 1850's were much better, able to hit a man sized target at up to . The advantage of this longer distance was shown at the Battle of Four Lakes, where Springfield Model 1855 rifled muskets killed Indian warriors before they could get close enough with their smoothbore muskets. However, in the Italian War of 1859, French forces were able to defeat the longer range of Austrian rifle muskets by quick, small attacks and bayonet attacks at close range.


ALPHA Collaboration

The ALPHA Collaboration is a group of physicists from about 11 universities who work together (or "collaborate") to try to trap neutral antimatter. The neutral antimatter they are working to trap is antihydrogen. This is the antimatter version of hydrogen, the first atom in the periodic table. Antihydrogen, like hydrogen, has two oppositely charged particles. Hydrogen has a proton and an electron, and so antihydrogen would have an antiproton and a positron. A positron is the common name for the antielectron.

The ALPHA collaboration has its experiment at CERN in Geneva in Switzerland. CERN is the only place in the world that can provide "slow" antiprotons that can be easily captured by ALPHA. ALPHA then brings these antiprotons into contact with positrons and form antihydrogen. 

Antihydrogen has, like many atoms and especially hydrogen, a small magnetic dipole moment. A dipole moment is another way of saying that the atom behaves a bit as if it was a tiny magnet with a north and a south pole. Normally such small magnets are attracted to other magnets. However, some atoms in some states behave such that they are repelled by magnetic fields. This means that the atoms could possibly be trapped in space by making a minimum of the magnetic field. ALPHA is trying to do just that with antihydrogen. By a clever arrangement of magnets, ALPHA has a so-called magnetic minimum trap, in which antihydrogen may be trapped. 

This is a difficult process. The magnetic forces on these atoms are quite weak, so the trap can only contain antihydrogen atoms of very low motional (kinetic) energy, that is at very low temperature. The current state-of-the-art ALPHA trap can contain antihydrogen atoms in their ground state if they are colder than about 0.5 Kelvin (i.e. 0.5 degrees above absolute zero). ALPHA is currently working on making such cold antihydrogen.

Forestle

Forestle was a search engine, or website for finding all kinds of information on the internet. Forestle gave money to save the rain forest and reduce the total carbon dioxide (CO) production. It also offered special features, for example a preview of the websites found during a search. It was invented in 2008.

Forestle was discontinued and redirected to a similar search engine Ecosia on January 1, 2011.

Forestle saved 0.1 square meters (about 0.1 square yards) of rain forest per search. It earned money from showing advertisements along with the websites found, and Forestle guarantees to donate 90% of this money to buy areas of rain forest through its partner organization The Nature Conservancy. As of October 2009, about 1,991,055 square meters of rain forest have been saved.

For searching the web using Forestle was also essentially CO-neutral: Of course the server computers used by Forestle, the connection network, and the computer of the searching users need electric energy and thus create emissions of carbon-dioxide; but Forestle purchased an equivalent amount of renewable energy certificates. The certificates are purchased from a part of the 10% of money left after buying rain forest. This makes Forestle one of the few web search sites that are "green certified".

The number of search requests on Forestle.org grew significantly: There were 4000 search requests per day on average in December 2008, about 10000 per day in January 2009 and as of March 6, 2009 there were more than 20000 requests per day.

Forestle thus offered a simple alternative form of searching the web in a way that helps the environment.

How large the effects of using such a 'green' search method actually are is discussed.

Forestle offered a website preview that showed small versions of the websites found in each search. The search page offered by Forestle was very simple and only contains a window to type in words to be searched for, the search results, and a few links to check related services (for example Google Maps) as well as explanations about how Forestle works. Forestle meanwhile also provided several browser plugins, could be added to iGoogle and could be used in English and German (full versions) as well as in Spanish and Dutch (details partially in English).

Forestle used the search services of Google until Google forbid them to do that after four days of service; the reasons was that Google and Forestle had a fight: it was not clear whether Forestle broke the terms of service fixed in the contract between them. Forestle.org states that Google did not actually give reasons for stopping their service. The action by Google to not support Forestle any more immediately drew international attention. Details about the conflict between Google and Forestle are debated. Forestle then became associated with Yahoo.


Hebrew Wikipedia

The Hebrew Wikipedia () is the Hebrew-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in July 2003.

As of October 2015, it is the 39th largest edition of Wikipedia by number of articles.

By February 2012, it had over 130,000 articles, over 534,000 pages and over 33,500 files uploaded.

Dextromethorphan

Dextromethorphan (DXM or DM) is a drug. It is used to prevent coughs in many over-the-counter cold and cough medicines. Dextromethorphan can also be used for pain relief or for psychological conditions. It is sold in syrup, tablet, and lozenge forms, manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels. In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Turning on the Sigma-1 receptor is believed to be how dextromethorphan helps with a cough. Dextromethorphan also prevents serotonin and norepinephrine from being absorbed again in the brain. When too much is inside a person's body or when they have been using it as a recreational drug, it can cause dissociative hallucinations, make a person feel good, change how you feel things, and other things. It does this by doing the things said before but also by blocking glutamate from turning on NMDA receptors in the brain, much like how Ketamine and Phencyclidine work as well.

Metrosexual

A metrosexual is a male who is overly concerned with their own physical appearance and grooming. Metrosexual men are known to act like the stereotypical homosexual man.

Roman à clef

Roman à clef (said like it rhymes with "a don a day") means "novel with a key" in French. It is a phrase used for talking about literature and movies. A roman à clef is a type of story that's true for the most part except for details like the name of the main character. The "key" part of the meaning–what someone needs to unlock the real story–changes from book to book. For some books it is knowing that the main character is really a famous person. For others it is knowing that the main character is really the author.

Authors usually write these types of stories (instead of telling the whole truth) to talk about a controversy or what happened during a crime so that the people involved can't sue them. A couple of movies that are written like this are Citizen Kane (a movie about a man a lot like William Randolph Hearst) and Dreamgirls (a movie about a Motown group a lot like The Supremes).

Because it comes from French, the plural of roman à clef is "romans à clef".

Ernst Kaltenbrunner

Ernst Kaltenbrunner (4 October 1903 in Ried im Innkreis, Austria - 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg, Bavaria, Germany) was an High Ranking Austrian SS Official During the Nazi Era and World War II he was an official of the NSDAP. He was the head of the Reichssicherheitshauptamt (Reich Security Head Office) and Interpol. Kaltenbrunner was the highest SS officer who was charged at the Nuremberg Trials. He was found guilty of war crimes and executed by being hanged. He was also the Nazi Officer who replaced Reinhard Heydrich when Heydrich was assassinated on 27 May 1942 and died on the 4th June 1942 Ernst Kaltenbrunner was the Reich Protector Of Bohemia and Morovia and SS-Obergruppenführer from 1942-1945 when Czechoslovakia was liberated from Nazi Germany by the allied forces in 1945 . Ernst Kaltenbrunner was born on 4th October 1897 in Ried im Innkreis joined the Nazi Party and the Schutzstaffel/SS in 1931 he also joined the Gestapo in 1933 . In June 1933 he was involved in the Night of the Long Knives to kill Ernst Röhm the head of the SA . He was also involved in Kristallnacht or Night Of The Broken Glass in 1938 . In 1942 during World War 2 he replaced Reinhard Heydrich as head of the Gestapo until 1945 when he was captured by the Allies .

Typographical error

A typographical error or typo is a word that has been spelt wrong by accident. There are a few ways to make a typo:

Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany

Prince Frederick Augustus, Duke of York and Albany, was born on August 16, 1763. He was the second son of George III. He was the heir to the throne from 1820 to his death.

Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex

Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex was born (27 January 1773 – 21 April 1843), was the sixth son of George III and his consort, Queen Charlotte. He was the only son of the King and Queen to not pursue an army or navy career, but he did consider becoming a cleric in the Church of England.

Augustus Frederick married twice, but neither was legal in the United Kingdom because under the Royal Marriages Act he should have asked permission from the King first.

Princess Augusta Sophia of the United Kingdom

Princess Augusta Sophia (8 November 1768 – 22 September 1840) was second oldest daughter of George III and Queen Charlotte. She never married and had no children. She died at age 71 in 1840.

Princess Elizabeth of the United Kingdom

Princess Elizabeth (22 May 1770 – 10 January 1840) was the 7th child of George III and Queen Charlotte. She married Frederick VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg, in 1818. She had no children. She died at age 69. There were plans for her to marry the future Louis Philippe I, but the marriage never took place as he was a Catholic and her father had a deep dislike of Catholic people. 

Princess Mary, Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh

Princess Mary of the United Kingdom (25 April 1776 – 30 April 1857) was the fourth daughter and eleventh child of George III and Queen Charlotte. She was the last living child of George III, dying in 1857.

Princess Sophia of the United Kingdom

The Princess Sophia (Sophia Matilda; 2 November 1777 – 27 May 1848) was the fifth daughter of George III and Queen Charlotte.

Prince Octavius of Great Britain

Prince Octavius (23 February 1779 - 3 May 1783) was the eighth son of the British king George III and his queen, Charlotte. He died at the age of four. His father King George once said "There will be no heaven for me if Octavius is not there."

Prince Alfred of Great Britain

Prince Alfred (22 September 1780 - August 20 1783) was the ninth and last son of George III and Queen Charlotte. He was the first son of George III to die, dying at age two years in 1783.

Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz

Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (19 May 1744 – 17 November 1818) was the queen of the United Kingdom as the wife of King George III. She was queen consort of the United Kingdom from her marriage on September 8, 1761 to to death, on November 18,1818. Charlotte and George III had 15 children, of whom 13 survived to adulthood. She was the longest consort, serving 58 years. She died in 1818, and George III died two years later.

Lewis County

Lewis County can be any of the following counties in the United States:



Egbert of Wessex

Egbert (also spelt Ecgberht) (–839) was King of Wessex from 802 until 839. In the 780s Egbert was forced into exile by Offa of Mercia and Beorhtric of Wessex, but on Beorhtric's death in 802 Egbert returned and took the throne. He was the father of Athelwulf of Wessex.

Egbert was the son of Ealhmund, King of Kent. He was descended from Ingeld, brother of Ine of Wessex. In 786 he made a bid for the throne of Wessex after the death of Cynewulf. Offa of Mercia however, made Beorhtric king instead. As a youth Egbert was seen as a problem for Beorhtric. He didn't want Egbert in England. While Beorhtric was negotiating to marry Offa's daughter he asked that Egbert be handed over to him. While Offa was considering doing just that, Egbert fled Mercia and at some point left England. He appears to have been welcomed at the court of Charlemagne for at least three years. This is at the time Frankish ports were closed to English ships and trading. Offa had offended Charlemagne by his son marry one of Charlemagne's daughters. While at the Frankish court Egbert married a noblewoman, Redburga. She was possibly a close relative of Charlemagne. Egbert and Redburga had a son born in Francia, Athelwulf, about 795. In 802 Beorhtric died. Egbert returned to become King of Wessex, probably with military aid from Charlemagne.

His first few years as king are not well recorded. It is very probable that he used this time to reorganize his army and his administration. Egbert formed an alliance with Wulfred, Archbishop of Canterbury. In 815 Egbert invaded Cornwall and brought it under his rule. He allowed sub-kings to rule it for him. In 825 the new king of Mercia, Beornwulf, invaded Wessex. Beornwulf had extended his authority over Kent, Essex and Middlesex. In what Frank Stenton called "one of the most decisive battles of Anglo-Saxon history" Egbert defeated Beornwulf. This was the end of the Mercian kings dominating England. Egbert sent his son Athelwulf with an army to overthrow Baldred, the Mercian sub-king. As a result, all of Kent, Surrey, Sussex and East Anglia submitted to Egbert. Beornwulf tried to recover East Anglia later the same year and was killed in the attempt. Kent, Surrey and Sussex remained a part of the kingdom of Wessex from this time on. Essex was later lost to the Danes. Egbert appointed his son Athelwulf as sub-king of Kent which included all the new territories of Wessex.

Egbert then defeated all of Mercia in 829. The king of Northumbria submitted to him after the defeat of Mercia. He assumed the title (King of Mercia). This title was also on coins made in the former Mercian port of London. In 830 Wiglaf returned to power in Mercia, but the gains of Kent and southwest England remained with Wessex. Egbert died 4 February 839. He left a territory larger than any other Wessex king since Ine. He was the "bretwalda" or overlord of Anglo-Saxon England until Wiglaf returned in 830. Even so, he remained the most powerful king during his time.

Together he and Redburga had:



Axilla

The axilla (also known as the armpit, underarm, or oxter) is the area on the human body right under where the joint where the arm connects to the shoulder. The axilla is one of the four places where a medical thermometer can be used to measure human body temperature. The other places are the rectum, mouth, and ear canal.

In the area where the axllia is, the body parts that are found are the axillary vein, axillary artery, brachial plexus, lymph nodes, and fat.

During puberty, hair will grow in the underarms. Many women choose to shave or remove this hair because it gives a neater and cleaner look when wearing some types of clothes, however some women do not shave and choose to have a natural look for cultural or symbolic reasons.

Body odor occurs in the axilla due to microorganisms.

Due to this, many companies make deodorants to help remove the bad odor.

Many people think of the axilla as being a ticklish spot.

In the U.K., the axilla is called the oxter.

Underarm, another word for axilla, only is the outside of the axilla.

Armpit, like underarm, refers to the axilla, but also means an object or place that is smelly or greasy.

Asyut

Asyut is a city in Egypt. It is the capital of the current Asyut Governorate. There is an old city close by the newer city of Asyut.

The following are the twin towns of Asyut:


Ganz

The word Ganz may mean:

Ganz (tramcars)

The Ganz (Ganz vállalatok, ""Ganz companies"") electric works in Budapest is best known for making tramcars. It was also one of the first to use three-phase alternating current on electric railways. Ganz also made / makes: ships (Ganz Danubius), steel bridges (Ganz Acélszerkezet), high voltage electrical equipment (Ganz Transelektro). Famous engineers employed by Ganz were Kálmán Kandó and Ottó Bláthy. The company is named after Ábrahám Ganz.

Battle of Yorktown

The Battle of Yorktown can be any of the following:


Tetraphobia

Tetraphobia is a fear of the number 4. It is a superstition found most often in East Asian areas, for example China, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.

The Chinese word for "four" (, pinyin: sì, jyutping: sei), sounds very similar to the word for "death" (, pinyin: sǐ, jyutping: sei).

Chinese people take care not to use the number 4 during important holidays, or if someone in the family is sick. Numbers such as 14, 24, and so on, are not used because they also have the number 4 in them. Buildings sometimes do not have floors with these numbers, apartments and hotels do not have rooms with number 4, 14, 24 and so on. Table number 4, 14, 24, may be often left out in wedding dinners or other social activities in these countries. Where there are a lot of apartment buildings, buildings that should be 4, 14, 24, are called 3A, 13A, 23A, and so on.

In Hong Kong, some apartments such as Vision City and The Arch do not have the floors from 40 to 49. Immediately above 39/F is 50/F, leading many who do not know about tetraphobia to think that some floors are missing.

The Chinese start numbering their military aircraft with the number 5, such as the fighter plane "Shenyang J-5". The Taiwanese and the South Korean navies do not use the number 4 when giving flag numbers to their ships.

In cities where East Asian and Western cultures come together, like Hong Kong and Singapore, it is possible in some buildings that both 13 and 14 are left out as floor numbers, along with all the other 4s.

In Korea, tetraphobia is not as important, but the floor number 4 is almost always left out in hospitals. In other buildings, the fourth floor is sometimes named "F" (Four) instead of "4" in elevators. Apartment numbers with a lot of the number 4 (such as 404) are hard to sell, and often they are not worth as much money.

Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha

Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha (30 November 1719 – 8 February 1772) was Princess of Wales between 1736 and 1751, and Dowager Princess of Wales thereafter. She was one of only three holders of the title who never became queen. Princess Augusta's eldest son succeeded as George III of the United Kingdom in 1760, as her husband, Frederick, Prince of Wales, had died nine years earlier.

Princess Elizabeth of Great Britain

Princess Elizabeth (Elizabeth Caroline; 10 January 1741 – 4 September 1759) was a member of the British Royal Family, a grandchild of George II and sister of George III.

Claustrophobia

Claustrophobia is a fear of narrow or closed places. It is an anxiety disorder and often results in panic attack.

Palace of Whitehall

The Palace of Whitehall was the main home of the English kings and queens in London, from 1530 until 1698, when all except Inigo Jones's 1622 Banqueting House was destroyed by fire. Before the fire, it was the largest palace in Europe, with over 1,500 rooms (at one time it was the largest building in the world).

The palace gives its name—Whitehall—to the road on which many of the buildings of the UK government now stand. The word "Whitehall" can also refer to the central government itself. 
It became an official royal palace in 1530 when Henry VII was the king of England. He also included a recreation centre with a bowling green, tennis courts, a pit for cock fighting (now the site of 70 Whitehall) and a tiltyard for jousting. It is estimated that over £30,000 (approaching £11 million in 2007 values) were spent during the 1540s, 50% more than the construction of the entire Bridewell Palace. Henry VIII married two of his wives at the palace—Anne Boleyn in 1533 and Jane Seymour in 1536. It was also at the palace that Henry died. It was a lesser used palace during the reign of the next few monarchs. 

The palace of Whitehall was destroyed by fire in 1698. Many of the palace's wooden structures were destroyed in the fire. Michelangelo's "Cupid" is to believed to have been destroyed in the blaze. After this the remaining structures were torn down. Now Whitehall has government buildings on it.

Romanian Wikipedia

The Romanian Wikipedia () is the Romanian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in June 2003.

It has . This makes it the 30th largest edition.

Weekday

A weekday is a day of the week that is not a part of the weekend. The weekdays are normally Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Saturday or Sunday are not weekdays. These two days are the days of the weekend.

Norbert Wiener

Norbert Wiener (November 26, 1894 – March 18, 1964) was an American theoretical and applied mathematician. He was a child prodigy. His father was a teacher of languages.

Wiener founded cybernetics, the science of control and communication in animals and machines. It is a field that uses the notion of feedback, and is important for engineering, systems control, computer science, biology, philosophy, and the organization of society. The name of the science comes from his book, "Cybernetics: Or the Control and Communication in the Animal and the Machine" (1948).

"Information is information, not matter or energy". – Norbert Wiener, "Cybernetics" (1948, 155)

Wiener was born in Columbia, Missouri. He died in Stockholm, Sweden.


Erich Raeder

Erich Johann Albert Raeder (24 April 1876 in Wandsbek - 6 November 1960 in Kiel) was a naval leader in Germany before and during the Second World War. He was made a "Großadmiral" (, equivalent to Admiral of the Fleet) in 1939, which is the highest naval rank. Born in 1876 in Hamburg, Germany, Raeder joined the Imperial German Navy in 1894, rising through the ranks. Raeder played a significant role in planning naval strategy during World War I. After the war, he advocated for a powerful German navy. He played a key role in the buildup of the Kriegsmarine, advocating for submarine warfare. Raeder fell out of favor with Hitler later in the war. In 1943 he was replaced by Karl Dönitz in his position as head of the German Navy.

Raeder was arrested by the Allies in 1945 and was tried at the Nuremberg Trials, convicted of war crimes, and sentenced to life in prison. However, his sentence was reduced to 10 years. Raeder was released in 1955 due to health reasons and died in 1960.

United States invasion of Grenada

The Invasion of Grenada, codenamed Operation Urgent Fury, was an invasion of the nation of Grenada ordered by President Ronald Reagan. Grenada is an island in the Caribbean Sea, 100 miles north of Venezuela, and over 1,500 miles south east of the United States. It was invaded by the combined force of troops from the United States (nearly 10,000 troops), Jamaica and members of the Regional Security System (RSS) (approximately 300 troops).

Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars

, taglined Legend of the Seven Stars, is a role-playing game made by Square Co. (now known as Square Enix) and published by Nintendo. The game was first released on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996 and then on the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2008.

The gameplay of "Super Mario RPG" is like that of other Square role-playing games like "Chrono Trigger" and the "Final Fantasy" series. The characters fight enemies by taking turns in a battle-style area. The player controls Mario, Bowser, Princess Toadstool, Mallow and Geno. Each of those characters has special moves they can use on an enemy.

"Super Mario RPG" got very good scores, including an 88% average from "Game Rankings". The game also sold 1.47 million copies in Japan, which was the third best-selling game in that region in 1996.

Whopper

The Whopper is the signature hamburger line sold by the international fast food restaurant chain Burger King. Its Australian franchise is Hungry Jack's. The hamburger is well known in the fast-food industry, Burger King advertising itself as "the Home of the Whopper." It names its kiosk stores the BK Whopper Bar. In response to the Whopper, Burger King's competitors have developed similar products to compete against it. An example of this is McDonald's Quarter Pounder.

Burger King sells different types of the Whopper. They are either seasonal or made to local tastes or customs. To promote the product, the restaurant sometimes releases limited-time versions. It is often the main point of advertising promotions, product tie-ins, and corporate practical jokes and hoaxes. In the United States, a standard Whopper comes with a quarter-pound beef patty, pickles, onions, ketchup, tomatoes and lettuce. Cheese can be added as well. The customer can add extra patties by having the Burger King stackers. Previously the Whopper was a part of a meme because of Burger King releasing a song called "Whopper Whopper".

The Whopper was introduced in 1957. It has had many changes over the years. These include changes to the size of the burger and the type of bread that is used. When it was introduced, it only costed 37 cents in the United States. In mid 2023 it was announced that Burger King would have to face a class action lawsuit because of a change to the size of the Whopper.

Direct memory access

Direct memory access (usually shortened to DMA) is a technology used in Computers and microprocessors. With it, certain hardware components can use parts of the main memory for their applications, without the need to ask the CPU. The CPU will request data from memory once and the DMA will continue to fetch the data, freeing the CPU to do other work. This way, the CPU does not have to request every byte.

5145 Pholus

5145 Pholus is a Centaur (minor planetoid) of the solar system running in a stretched orbit, with a perihelion (closest approach to the Sun) less than Saturn's and aphelion (farthest approach from the Sun) farther than Neptune's. Close approaches of the object are not common: it has not come within one astronomical unit (about 150 million km) of a planet since 764 BC, and will not again until 5290. Astronomers think that Pholus started out as a Kuiper belt object.

It was found by David L. Rabinowitz, then of the University of Arizona's Spacewatch Project, and named after Pholus, the brother of the mythological Chiron, after which 2060 Chiron was named to follow the tradition of naming this class of outer planet crossing objects after Centaurs.

Pholus was the second Centaur type asteroid to be found and was quickly found to be very red in color. Because it's very red, it is sometimes called "Big Red". Astronomers think the color is because of organic compounds on its surface.

Unlike the first Centaur, 2060 Chiron, Pholus has shown no signs of cometary activity.

Astronomers think that Pholus' diameter is about 185±16 km.



Caroline Matilda of Wales

Caroline Matilda of Great Britain (; 11 July 1751 – 10 May 1775) Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1766 to 1772 and a member of the British Royal Family.
She was born in July of 1751.She was the last child of her father Frederick, Prince of Wales and Augusta. She married Christian VII of Denmark on 8 November 1766 at Christiansborg Castle. She did not know the groom was mentally ill. But the marriage did produce two children. The youngest daughter was thought to be the offspring of the king's doctor and the queen. Nothing was ever proven but the physician was killed and Caroline sent away. She died in May of 1775 at the age of 23.

Malcolm III of Scotland

Malcolm III of Scotland (also called Malcolm Canmore), King of Scots was the first of a dynasty of kings who ruled Scotland for over two centuries.

Malcolm was born in 1031, the son of king Duncan I of Scotland and his wife; a cousin of Siward, Earl of Northumberland. When his father was killed in 1040 Malcolm did not succeed to the throne. At the time the system alternated between different lines of the same royal family. So the king chosen from a different royal line was Macbeth, who had killed Duncan I in battle. Malcolm killed Macbeth in battle in 1057, but Lulach, Macbeth's stepson was selected as king. This broke the pattern of alternate selection. Lulach ruled only ruled a few months until he was killed. Malcolm finally succeeded Lulach and changed the succession to his own sons and their descendants. This made Scotland like other European countries in keeping the same dynasty on the throne.

Malcolm was in his late twenties when he finally became king. Malcolm would lead a total of five raids into England starting in 1061. The Norman Conquest of England caused many to leave England. Malcolm welcomed several into Scotland. These included Edgar Atheling, his sisters Margaret and Christina as well as their mother. Raised at the court of St. Stephen of Hungary she was beautiful, wise, and very religious. Malcolm was at once taken with her and asked her to marry him. She said no because she and her sister were going to be nuns. But after a time she finally accepted. By his marriage to Margaret he gained an interest in the English throne. 

Edgar Atheling joined the uprising in the North of England in 1069 but it failed. William the Conqueror sacked York as punishment. Malcolm joined in but too late as Edgar left England on a Danish ship. Malcolm had long claimed Cumbria and Northumberland and made another raid on Bamburgh. He took so many captives that it was said there was an English slave in every house in Scotland. In 1071 William came north with a large army. He came as far as Abernethy but Malcolm wanted peace. William agreed to give him twelve English manors and pay a yearly fee. Malcolm had to give his son Malcolm as a hostage but this made him a vassal of the English king. 

Edgar Atheling returned to Scotland the next year. He had been offered land on the border near Normandy by the French king. Malcolm told him to take it and settle down. He then gave Edgar gold and silver and sent him off to live in France. But Edgar soon returned having been shipwrecked on his journey. This time Malcolm advised him to make peace with king William of England. Edgar did and received a castle as a residence in England. In 1079 William and his son Robert were fighting in Normandy. Malcolm raided into England again being welcomed in Northumberland. But William sent his brother Odo, Bishop of Bayeux north to punish Northumberland and Robert to raid into Scotland. Once more Robert and Malcolm settled their differences and were at peace again. In 1092, during the reign of William Rufus Malcolm raided England yet again. Peace was again renewed with William Rufus. But William failed in one of his promises to Malcolm, so in 1093 the Scots invaded England again. This time Malcolm III died while fighting at Alnwick Castle. His son Edward died there also. Margaret, his queen died of grief after hearing the news of the death of her husband and their son.

About 1059 he married Ingibjorg, the widow of Thorfinn Sigurdson, Earl of Orkney. She was the daughter of Earl Finn Arnason. Together they had:


He married secondly Margaret of Wessex . They had eight children; six sons and two daughters, including:


Berengaria of Navarre

Berengaria (, ; c. 1165-1170 – 23 December 1230), was the oldest daughter of Sancho VI of Navarre and Sancha of Castile. Her mother's parents were Alfonso VII of León and Berenguela of Barcelona. She was the wife of Richard I of England. They had no children.

Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset

Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset (15 June 1519–23 July 1536) was the son of King Henry VIII of England and his mistress, Elizabeth Blount. Henry had an affair with Elizabeth Blount while he was married to Catherine of Aragon. He was the only illegitimate (a person whose parents are not married) child of Henry VIII that was confirmed by Henry VIII to be his own son. Henry had no other living sons during Fitzroy's lifetime and so Fitzroy was considered as a potential heir to the throne. 

He died in 1536 from a lung disease, probably Tuberculosis, one year before his half-brother Edward VI of England was born. 

Steve Hart

Steve Hart (13 February 1859 – June 28, 1880) was an Australian bushranger and a member of the Kelly Gang. A close friend of Ned Kelly's brother, Dan Kelly, Hart was caught up in the murder of three policemen at Stringybark Creek. He was killed during the siege at Glenrowan, Victoria.

Hart was born at Three Mile Creek, near Wangaratta, Victoria, in 1859. His parents, Richard Hart and Bridget Young had come from Ireland. They had other children, Richard 'Dick' Hart (Jr.), Hugh Hart, Thomas Hart, Nicholas Hart, Esther 'Ettie' Hart, Jane Hart and Winifred Hart.

Hart was a small man, and a very good horse rider. His brother Nicholas was a jockey. One story says Steve worked as a jockey around Beechworth and Wangaratta, and won 'The Benalla Handicap' after a protest was upheld. He did not open farm gates, and always jumped them with his horse.

In 1877, Hart was sent to Beechworth Gaol for 12 months for stealing 13 horses. He met Dan Kelly while in prison. When he was let out of gaol he went to Bullock Creek to look for gold with Dan Kelly. He is reported to have said here's to "...a short life, and a merry one." He was at Bullock Creek while Dan and Ned Kelly were in hiding from the police. The gang, which on that day included Joe Byrne, heard gunshots and discovered a police search party camped nearby at Stringybark Creek. The next day the gang went to the camp to take the policemen's guns. Three policemen were killed and the gang were made outlaws, which meant that they could be captured dead or alive for a reward. At this time the police did not know Hart was a member of the gang. As a member of the Kelly Gang he often rode around in women's clothes to avoid being caught. During the search for the Kelly Gang, the police were told to stop women riders to see if they were really women. The stories of how Ned's sister, Kate Kelly, did things to help the gang, were probably really about Steve Hart.

Hart took part in the bank robberies at Euroa and Jerilderie. At Euroa he met an old school friend of his, Francis 'Fanny' Shaw (sometimes known as Maggie Shaw) and through her, the police found out his name. Hart also stole a watch from Robert Scott, the bank manager. When a bank worker, Bob Booth, asked him for something to remember the visit by, Hart gave him a lead bullet carved with the letter 'H'.

At Jerilderie in 1879, the Kelly gang held many people hostage in the Royal Hotel before robbing the bank. Hart stole a watch from Reverend Gribble, a parson at the Protestant church. Ned told Hart he was a common thief and made him give the watch back. After Jerilderie, Hart went into hiding with the gang for most of 1879, although Hart did go to a St.Kilda doctor to be treated for a foot problem.

In June 1880 Ned Kelly came up with a plan to get his mother released from prison. Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne went to Beechworth and killed their friend Aaron Sherritt who they thought was a police spy. They knew this would bring many police by train to Beechworth to capture them. In the meantime Hart and Ned Kelly had gone to Glenrowan and forced railway workers to pull up the train tracks. They hoped the police train would crash, and then wearing home made armour they would capture the surviving policemen. These would be held as hostages until Ellen Kelly was set free.

Hart and Kelly forced many people of the town into a small hotel owned by Ann Jones. They were joined by Dan Kelly and Byrne who had ridden quickly across country from Beechworth. They waited at the hotel for the police. The plan failed when news of the Sherritt murder took a long time to reach Melbourne. The people kept at the hotel were becoming difficult to keep under control. Ned Kelly let one man go free at 3.00am, the school teacher Thomas Curnow, who said he had to get home to his wife. Instead he went to the train line and was able to stop the police train safely. The police went to the hotel and began shooting. It is estimated that 15,000 bullets were fired. Joe Byrne was shot dead in the front room of the hotel. Ned Kelly left the hotel in the early morning, probably to meet with other men who were going to help him capture the train. He was captured by the police.

At 10.00am the police were forced to stop shooting to allow some of the hostages to escape. Several, including the hotel owner's son had been shot dead. Dan Kelly's sister, Maggie Skillion, and a Catholic priest Father Gibney tried to go to the hotel to tell Steve and Dan to give themselves up, but were stopped by the police. The police wanted a cannon to be sent from Melbourne so they could blast the two men out. At 2.30pm the police set the hotel on fire, and Father Gibney rushed inside. Gibney saw the bodies of Hart and Dan Kelly lying side by side in a room at the back of the hotel, with their heads resting on blankets. They had removed the armour which was placed beside them. It is most likely they had killed themselves.

The bodies of Hart and Kelly were badly burned during the fire. People who saw the burned and blackened bodies were unable to tell which was Dan Kelly and which was Steve Hart. Hart's body, little more than a blackened stump was buried at Greta Cemetery the following day, June 29, 1880, in the same grave as Dan Kelly. He was 21 years old. After the grave was filled in, the whole area was ploughed over to keep the site of the grave hidden. The family was worried that the police would still try to get the bodies. Hart's armour is now on display at the Victoria Police Museum in Melbourne.

Over the years there have been claims that Hart and Dan Kelly did not die at the hotel, but escaped and went to live in Queensland. A man named Billy Meade, as he was dying in 1938, told a nurse he was really Hart. Another story says Hart and Dan Kelly went to South Africa. After serving in the Second Boer War; also called the South African War, they went to India, where Hart is said to have drowned himself in Calcutta in 1917. There is no evidence to prove these stories.


Kleptomania

Kleptomania (, "to steal", μανία, "mania") is an impulse control disorder. It is mental disorder with a frequent urge of stealing. Kleptomaniacs often steal many of the same thing and hoard, throw away or give away the things they steal. Some may not be aware that they have committed the theft. It is often found in people who have other mental disorders, such as depression, panic attacks, bulimia nervosa, anorexia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder and drug addiction. The condition is more common in females, and especially those with bulimia.

Rancid

Rancid may refer to


Hudson, Florida

Hudson is a census-designated place found in Pasco County, Florida, in the United States. About 12,900 people live in Hudson as of 2020.


Brooklyn, Indiana

Brooklyn is a town of the Clay Township in Morgan County, Indiana, in the United States. About 2,500 people were living in Brooklyn as of 2020.

Qawwali

Qawwali () is an Islamic Sufi type of music, that is famous in Pakistan and India. Mainly performed at Sufi Shrines in Pakistan and India, Qawwali has also become popular in the world. Singers like Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan are well known for this music due to their excellent voice and ability of singing. Qawwali music is believed to have started 700 years ago. This music is mainly based in Punjab, which is a state of Pakistan and India.

Pakistani rock

Pakistani rock is a form of rock music from Pakistan. It mixes up Pakistani classical music with American rock. It has its own vibrant elements, with slightly different sounds and tunes. Pakistani rock is mostly sung in Urdu, however large numbers of songs are also sung in languages such as Punjabi, Sindhi, Pashto and Seraiki. Many new music bands are also now singing in English. 

The rock music of Pakistan first began in the 1990s, with "Vital Signs" and "Junoon" as the first rock bands to come out. There were then some other bands like "Strings", which also began later. After the year 2000, there were suddenly hundreds of rock music groups across Pakistan that began to create. 

Pakistani rock music has become massively popular among people in the country. It is listened to in countries such as Iran, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, India and even as far as China and Japan. 

Australia men's national soccer team

Australia national soccer team is the national soccer team of Australia. Its official nickname is "the Socceroos". The team is under the control of the Football Australia which is a member of the Asian Football Confederation. It has also been invited to join the ASEAN Football Federation.

Australia has one of the best teams in Asia according to the FIFA Men's World Ranking. Australia has qualified for the FIFA World Cup six times (in 1974, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018 and 2022). Australia has made it to the Round of 16 twice (in 2006 and 2022).

The following 26 players were called up for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.

"Caps and goals correct as of 3 February 2024, after the match against South Korea."


Bhutan national football team

Bhutan national football team is the national football team of Bhutan.

Brunei national football team

Brunei national football team is the national football team of Brunei.

Cambodia national football team

Cambodia national football team is the national football team of Cambodia.

China national football team

China PR national football team is the national football team of China.

Chinese Taipei national football team

Chinese Taipei national football team is the national football team of Chinese Taipei.

Notes

Guam national football team

Guam national football team is the national football team of Guam.

Hong Kong national football team

Hong Kong national football team is the national football team of Hong Kong.

India national football team

India national football team is the national football team of India. They played their first game in 1938 against Australia. The team is controlled by the All India Football Federation. The team is managed by Igor Stimac. They have been runners up of Asian Nations Cup (1964). Their best result is to feature in the fourth olympic football tournament's semi-finals in 1956.

Indonesia national football team

Indonesia national football team represents Indonesia in association football.

Iran national football team

Iran national football team is the national football team of Iran.

Iraq national football team

Iraq national football team is the national football team of Iraq.

Japan national football team

The Japan national football team is the national football team of Japan.




South Korea national football team

The South Korea national football team is the national men's football team of South Korea.

Korea Republic is the most successful Asian football team in the history of the FIFA World Cup having participated in ten World Cup tournaments, which is the most amount of appearances for any Asian country. Korea Republic became the first and only Asian team to reach the semi-final stages, at the 2002 tournament (Where it achieved 4th place), and also won the first two editions of the AFC Asian Cup.

Kuwait national football team

Kuwait national football team is the national football team of Kuwait.

Kyrgyzstan national football team

Kyrgyzstan national football team is the national football team of Kyrgyzstan.

Laos national football team

Laos national football team is the national football team of Laos.

Lebanon national football team

The Lebanon national football team is a team that plays association football for the country of Lebanon. They play most of their matches at the Camille Chamoun Sports City Stadium. The stadium is in Beirut, the capital city. They have never qualified for the World Cup. However, they have participated twice at the Asian Cup (in 2000 and 2019).

Macau national football team

Macau national football team is the national football team of Macau.

Malaysia national football team

Malaysia national football team represents Malaysia in soccer.

Notes

Maldives national football team

Maldives national football team is the national football team of Maldives.

Mongolia national football team

Mongolia national football team is the national football team of Mongolia.

Myanmar national football team

Myanmar national football team represents Myanmar in soccer.

Nepal national football team

Nepal national football team is the national football team of Nepal.

Oman national football team

Oman national football team is the national football team of Oman.

Pakistan national football team

Pakistan national football team is the national football team of Pakistan.

The first division league is known as PPFL (Pakistan Premiere Football League)
Current champions are KRL (Khan Research Laboratories) football club.

Palestine national football team

Palestine national football team is the national football team of Palestine.

Philippines national football team

Philippines national football team is the national football team of Philippines.

Qatar national football team

Qatar national football team is the national football team of Qatar.

Saudi Arabia national football team

Saudi Arabia national football team is the national football team of Saudi Arabia.

Singapore national football team

Singapore national football team represents Singapore in international football.

Sri Lanka national football team

Sri Lanka national football team is the national football team of Sri Lanka.

Syria national football team

Syria national football team is the national football team of Syria.

Notes

Tajikistan national football team

Tajikistan national football team is the national football team of Tajikistan.

Thailand national football team

Thailand national football team is the football team playing on behalf of Thailand.

The coach is Alexandré Pölking (as of 2023's first quarter); He is sometimes called (simply) "Mano".

Timor-Leste national football team

Timor-Leste national football team is the national football team of Timor-Leste.

Turkmenistan national football team

Turkmenistan national football team is the national football team of Turkmenistan.

United Arab Emirates national football team

United Arab Emirates national football team is the national association football team of United Arab Emirates.

Uzbekistan national football team

Uzbekistan national football team is the national football team of Uzbekistan.

Vietnam national football team

Vietnam national football team is the national football team of Vietnam.

Yemen national football team

The Yemen national football team is the national football team of Yemen. Yemen has never been at a FIFA World Cup.

Algeria national football team

Algeria national football team is the national football team of Algeria.


Angola national football team

The Angola national football team is the national football team of Angola.

Benin national football team

Benin national football team is the national football team of Benin.

Botswana national football team

Botswana national football team is the national football team of Botswana.

Burkina Faso national football team

Burkina Faso national football team is the national football team of Burkina Faso.

Burundi national football team

Burundi national football team is the national football team of Burundi.

Cameroon national football team

The Cameroon national football team (French: "Équipe nationale du camerounaise de football") is the national football team of Cameroon.

The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.


Central African Republic national football team

Central African Republic national football team is the national football team of Central African Republic.

Chad national football team

Chad national football team is the national football team of Chad.

Comoros national football team

Comoros national football team is the national football team of Comoros.

Congo national football team

Congo national football team is the national football team of the Republic of the Congo.

DR Congo national football team

Congo DR national football team is the national football team of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Ivory Coast national football team

The Côte d'Ivoire national football team (also known as the Ivory Coast national football team) is the national football team of Côte d'Ivoire.

Djibouti national football team

Djibouti national football team is the national football team of Djibouti.

Egypt national football team

Egypt national football team is the national football team of Egypt.

Equatorial Guinea national football team

Equatorial Guinea national football team is the national football team of Equatorial Guinea.

Eritrea national football team

Eritrea national football team is the national football team of Eritrea.

Ethiopia national football team

Ethiopia national football team is the national football team of Ethiopia.

Current Squad

Goalkeepers:

Deyas Adugna

Tadios Getachew

Jemal Sadat

Defenders:

Anwar Siraj

Tamirat Abebe

Bekele Zewdu

Bin lardame

Daniel Teklu

Degu Debebe

Midfielders:

Teshome Getu

Yohanes Wolde Muluken

Girma Ashenafi

Mulualem Regassa

Mesfin Assefa

Daniel Habtamu

Hyder Mensur

Adugna Gelaneh

Ibrahim Hussein

Forwards:

Yordanos Abay

Tafese Tesfaye

Abubakar Ismael

Ermias Kidanu

Andualem Nigussie

Elmedin Mohammed

Gabon national football team

Gabon national football team is the national football team of Gabon.

The team has never qualified for a World Cup. Gabon has participated in 7 Africa Cup of Nations tournaments (1994, 1996, 2000, 2010, 2012, 2015 and 2017).

The team's home stadium is the Stade Omar Bongo in Libreville. The stadium can fit 41,000 people.

Source:


Gambia national football team

Gambia national football team is the national football team of the Gambia.

Ghana national football team

Ghana national football team is the national football team of Ghana.

Guinea national football team

Guinea national football team is the national football team of Guinea.

Guinea-Bissau national football team

Guinea-Bissau national football team is the national football team of Guinea-Bissau.

Kenya national football team

Kenya national football team is the national football team of Kenya.

Lesotho national football team

The Lesotho national football team is the national football team of Lesotho. They are nicknamed the "Likuena (Crocodiles)".

The country has never qualified for the final stages of the World Cup or the Africa Cup of Nations.



Liberia national football team

Liberia national football team is the national football team of Liberia.

Libya national football team

Libya national football team is the national football team of Libya.

Madagascar national football team

Madagascar national football team is the national football team of Madagascar.

Malawi national football team

Malawi national football team is the national football team of Malawi.

Psalm 151

Psalm 151 is a short psalm that is controversial because it is in some versions of the Bible but not others. In particular, it is in several very old Greek translations of the Bible but is not in the Hebrew Bible. There has been a lot of debate over whether or not the psalm should be considered part of the Bible.

The psalm has been known about for a long time and the Greek version was used for study for hundreds of years. When the Dead Sea Scrolls (which are in Hebrew) were found and translated, part of Psalm 151 was in them. This surprised the researchers very much, but not as much as what they would find later on.

After studying the scrolls, they noticed that the Greek translator had actually made a mistake. Two different pieces of two different psalms were treated like they were one big psalm when they were not. There is a big change in the Greek version after the fifth line (where the second psalm fragment would begin) and is a lot more like a story than most of the other psalms, which are more like poems.

The Greek version of the psalm says that it was written by King David after his battle with Goliath. It talks about how, even though David was the least of all his brothers, God chose him to be king. It then talks about how David cut off Goliath's head with Goliath's own sword after killing him with his slingshot.

The Eastern Orthodox Church accepts Psalm 151 as part of the Bible, but Roman Catholics, most Protestants, and most Jews do not. However, it can be found in some Catholic Bibles and in certain other Bible translations like the New Revised Standard Version. 

Institute of Engineering and Technology

The Institute of Engineering and Technology Lucknow (IET) is a college in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. 

The IET was started by the government of Uttar Pradesh in 1984, to teach people about technology and engineering. The school is paid for by the government. 


Kate Kelly

Catherine Ada Kelly (12 July 1863 – October 1898), known as Kate Kelly, was a younger sister of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly. 

Kate Kelly was born in Beveridge, Victoria, Australia, in a house built by her parents, John "Red" Kelly and Ellen Quinn. Kate was their seventh child. The family moved to Avenel soon after her birth, where another child, Grace, was born. John Kelly died of dropsy when Kate was four years old. Ellen Kelly then moved the family to her sister's house at Greta. One year later, the family moved again, to a two-room hut on their own land at Eleven Mile Creek. Kate helped her mother bring up the family, which included three more children by Ellen's second husband, George King.

The Kellys had already had a long history of trouble with the police. Alexander Fitzpatrick, a young policeman, went to the house on 15 April 1878. He was drunk, and said he wanted to arrest Dan Kelly for horse stealing. He sexually assaulted Kate, and her family tried to help her. Historians can not agree on what really happened next.

Fitzpatrick went back to Benalla Police Station and said that Ellen Kelly had hit him on the head with shovel. He also said that Dan Kelly had hit him, and Ned Kelly had tried to shoot him. William Skillion, Kate's brother-in-law, and William Williamson a neighbour of the Kellys, were also said to have hurt him. Ned Kelly said that he was not at the house, but working on a farm 400 miles away, though most historians believe he was at the house with Joe Byrne.

Ellen Kelly was sent to prison for three years for trying to kill Fitzpatrick; Williamson and Skillion were sent for six year. Ned and Dan Kelly hid at Bullock Creek, in the Wombat Ranges, so the police could not find them. On the 25 October 1878, at Stringybark Creek, they met four policemen who had been sent to arrest them. Three of the policemen were killed. Ned, Dan, Joe Byrne and Steve Hart were made outlaws, and turned to bank robbery.

With their mother in prison, and their brothers being hunted by the police, Kate Kelly and her sister Margaret looked after the younger children. Kate also helped trick the police, leading the police away when they got close to her brothers. She supplied the Kelly Gang with food, ammunition, and news about the police hunt. The folk song, "Ye Sons of Australia" has a part about Kate helping the Kelly Gang; 

The song places Kate Kelly at the siege at Glenrowan;

Historians now think that many of the actions thought to have been carried out by Kate, was really gang member Steve Hart in a dress.

Following Ned's arrest, Kate would often visit him in prison, as well as raising money for legal costs. She got people to sign petitions asking for mercy for Ned. Kate begged on her knees in front of the Governor, His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, to save her brother's life. Ned was hanged on 11 November 1880.

On the night of the hanging, Kate and her brother Jim Kelly, went on stage at the Appollo Hall in Melbourne. People paid one shilling to see them sitting on the stage. Kate and Jim went to Sydney and continued to appear on stage, with Jim riding Ned Kelly's horse. The police stopped the shows. She was seen performing as "Ada" in a Sydney "Wild West Show", and then in Adelaide under the names Ada Hennessey and Kate Ambrose. She stopped performing due to ill health. She worked for a short time at "Hill Scott's Hotel" in Adelaide, before her poor health forced her to return home to Greta. She worked as a servant in Wangaratta, and a maid in Lanceby. 

On 25 November 1888, she married William Henry Foster, a blacksmith, and lived in the town of Forbes. They had six children, though three died when they were still babies.

On 6 October 1898, Kate was reported missing. She was found drowned eight days later, in a swamp near Forbes. Some historians think that she may have taken her own life because she had depression, brought on by the death of her sister, Maggie, two years earlier. She was buried in the Forbes Cemetery, aged 35.

After her death, her three children, Frederick Arthur, Gertrude Eileen Ada, and Ethel Maude, went to live with Ellen Kelly at Eleven Mile Creek. Frederick Arthur became a beekeeper in the town of Myrrhee and died in World War I. Gertrude married Arthur Cavanagh, a builder. They lived in Wangaratta and looked after Ellen Kelly in her old age. Ethel married Albert Hibbert, and also looked after Ellen Kelly.


Beta decay

In nuclear physics, beta decay is a type of radioactive decay where a beta particle (an electron or a positron) is made and sent away, or emitted. When it is an electron, it is called "beta minus", and changes a neutron into a proton. When it is a positron, it is "beta plus" and changes a proton into a neutron. The weak force makes Beta decay possible.

Beta particle

Beta particles are electrons or positrons emitted by some radioactive nuclei such as potassium-40 or carbon-14 (which becomes nitrogen-14). The beta particles emitted are a form of ionizing radiation sometimes called beta rays. Henri Becquerel and Ernest Rutherford discovered beta rays in the 1890s. Beta particles are made by beta decay. When scientists write it in an equation, they are use the Greek letter beta (β). 
There are two forms of beta decay, β and β, which make the electron and the positron. β is a single electron that has a negative charge of -1. Both beta decays also turn a neutron into a proton.

Scientific law

A scientific law is an equation or statement that most scientists agree is true. A hypothesis becomes a law if the hypothesis is tested many, many times and is almost always true.


Gravitational singularity

A gravitational singularity (sometimes called a spacetime singularity) is a term used to describe the center of a black hole where gravity is thought to approach infinity.

In the center of each black hole is a singularity, a point where infinite density develops as spacetime approaches it. Spacetime goes toward infinite curvature and matter is crushed to infinite density under the pull of infinite gravity. At a singularity, space and time cease to exist as we know them and current laws of physics cannot be applied to this region.

Singularities form by a collapse of a star, where star with high enough mass (above 30 times the sun) would shrink under its own gravity and force until it becomes a single, one dimensional point. When it forms, space and time would be infinite in there. 

An example would be that if a person were to stand on a collapsing star right before the singularity forms, and they sent a signal every second to a nearby observer, time and space would slow down as the singularity is being formed. The observer would hear the signal slowing down. Let's say the singularity forms at 12:00 exactly. The observer would receive all the signals, one after another, with each new signal slowing down at a very small rate until the 12:00 signal. When the 12:00 signal was sent, time and space would be infinite -- in other words, it would take forever to get the signal.

To understand singularities, you have to think about infinite density, like how the original Big Bang started. The Big Bang, most scientists believe, started from an earlier universe that was pulled together by gravity into a single point. After that, it exploded and made all the matter in the expanding universe. A black hole singularity is similar, except on a smaller scale. Imagine if our sun decreased to the size of the nucleus of an atom. It would be very dense. However, our sun does not have a high enough mass to become a black hole. It is well below the Chandrasekhar limit, which means it will shrink to a white dwarf, with radius of a few thousand kilometers\miles. It can't become a black hole, because it is too small.

Singularity can also refer to
Technological singularity 
Mathematical singularity

Supermassive black hole

A supermassive black hole (SMBH or less often SBH) is a black hole with a mass that is between 10 and 10 the mass of the Sun. Scientists are confident that almost all galaxies, including the Milky Way, have a supermassive black hole at each of their centers.

How supermassive black holes get started is not yet known. Astrophysicists agree that once a black hole is in place in the center of a galaxy, it can grow by attracting matter and by merging with other black holes. Formation of ordinary (star-sized) black holes from the deaths of the first stars has been extensively studied and supported by observations.

However, there appears to be a gap between stellar-mass black holes, and supermassive black holes.

Stellar-mass black holes, formed from collapsing stars, range up to perhaps 33 solar masses. The minimal supermassive black hole is in the range of a hundred thousand solar masses. Between these extremes there appear to be few intermediate-mass black holes. Such a gap would suggest that the two types were formed by different processes.

Observations show that quasars were much more frequent when the Universe was younger. Supermassive black holes of billions of solar masses had already formed when the Universe was less than one billion years old. This suggests that supermassive black holes arose very early in the Universe, inside the first massive galaxies.

Astronomers are confident that our own Milky Way galaxy has a supermassive black hole at its center. It is 26,000 light-years from the Solar System, in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius. The region is called Sagittarius A*, and the evidence for its being a black hole is:
The Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics, and the UCLA Galactic Center Group, have provided strong evidence that Sagittarius A* is the site of a supermassive black hole. This is based on data from the ESO, and the Keck telescope. Our galactic central black hole is calculated to have a mass of approximately 4.1 million solar masses, or about 8.2 × 10 kg.

Event horizon

In general relativity, an event horizon is the part of a black hole where light cannot escape. Imagine the black hole to be like a ball that you could see in a large spot of emptiness. The event horizon would then be an outer bubble that surrounds that ball, the space between the ball and the larger bubble would be the event horizon. If an object goes past the event horizon, it can never get away from it. Light that is emitted from inside of the event horizon near the black hole can never reach an observer on the other side. If an observer saw an object fall into a black hole, it would look like the object was stuck at the event horizon forever. The reason this happens is because of the gravity of the black hole slows down time around it, making it look like the object will take an infinite amount of time to reach it.


Nanosecond

A nanosecond (ns) is one billionth of a second. It is equal to 10 seconds.

One nanosecond contains 1000 picoseconds. 1000 nanoseconds is equal to one microsecond. Ten nanoseconds are sometimes called a shake.

Some things that take between one nanosecond and ten nanoseconds are listed below

Microsecond

A microsecond (sometimes shortened to μs) is one millionth of a second. This page lists times between 10 seconds (1 microsecond) and 10 seconds (10 microseconds). 

One microsecond contains 1000 nanoseconds. There are 1000 microseconds in one millisecond.


Millisecond

A millisecond (sometimes shortened to 'ms') is one thousandth of a second. This page lists times between 10 seconds and 10 seconds (1 milli<nowiki>second</nowiki> to 10 milliseconds).

One millisecond contains 1000 microseconds. There are 1000 milliseconds in one second.


The basic interval, in time manners, in most of the programming languages is 1 millisecond . e.g. the command delay() in C++. Others use second interval.

Decasecond

A decasecond is equal to ten seconds. It can be written mathematically as 10 seconds.


Hectosecond

A hectosecond is equal to 100 seconds. It can be written as 10 seconds. There are ten hectoseconds in one kilosecond, which is one thousand seconds. There are ten decaseconds in one hectosecond. There are 864 hectoseconds in one day (24 hours).


Kilosecond

A kilosecond is one thousand seconds. It can be written as 10 seconds. It is equal to 16 minutes, 40 seconds. There are 86.4 kiloseconds in one day (24 hours). 


Megasecond

A megasecond is one million seconds. This page lists times between 10 seconds and 10 seconds, which is about 11.6 days and 0.0317 years.

One megasecond contains 1000 kiloseconds. There are 1000 megaseconds in one gigasecond.

Ten megaseconds is equal to 115.74 days. 100 megaseconds is equal to 3.2 years.



Gigasecond

A gigasecond (symbol: Gs) is one billion seconds. That is about 31.7 years. It can be written as 10 seconds.

3.16 Gs is about 1 century (100 years). 31.6 Gs is about 1 millennium (1000 years).

This page lists times of between 1 and 1000 gigaseconds, or between 31.7 and 31,700 years.


Terasecond and longer

A terasecond (symbol: Ts) is one trillion seconds. That is about 31,700 years. It can be written as 10 seconds.

Here is a list of time spans longer than 1 terasecond:

Here are some examples of events that take this long:



Picosecond

A picosecond is a standard unit of measuring time. It is equal to 10 of a second. It is one trillionth, or one millionth of one millionth of a second, or 0.000000000001 seconds.

One picosecond contains 1000 femtoseconds. There are 1000 picoseconds in one nanosecond.



Femtosecond

A femtosecond is one billionth of one millionth, or one quadrillionth of a second. It can be written as 10 second. Even shorter than this is an attosecond.


Attosecond

An attosecond (as) is a very short period of time. It is equal to one quintillionth of a second (or 0.000000000000000001 seconds). It can also be written as 10 seconds. Because it can be hard to think about how short this period of time is, on this page is a list of descriptions of periods of time longer than 1 attosecond, but shorter than one femtosecond (which is 10 seconds). This should help when thinking about periods of time that have different orders of magnitude.



Orders of magnitude (time)

An order of magnitude describes the link between two amounts. The difference between each step is usually 10, with each order being either 10 times greater or 10 times smaller than the next amount. This makes the scale easy to manipulate using logarithms. For time, the difference between the smallest limit of time, the Planck time, and the next order of magnitude is larger than 10.sure! A second is 1 sec a minute is 60 sec a hour is 60 min a day is 24 hour a week is 31 days a month is 7 weeks a year is 12 months a millennium is 1000 years a megaennium is 1000 millenniums a Quettaennium is 10³⁰ sec

Lycée Thiers

The Lycée Thiers is a public secondary school in the city center of Marseille and obtains the best results of the academy of Aix-Marseille. It is considered one of the most demanding in France.

The law of May 1, 1802 decided the creation of 45 secondary schools in France. The "Lycée de Marseille" was opened on December 22, 1802. Under Napoléon III, it was called "Lycée Impérial". In 1930, it took the name of "Lycée Thiers."

The Lycée Thiers is constituted by a college of 400 pupils and a lycee of 1900 pupils, with 980 pupils studying in the "classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles" (classes to prepare students for entrance to the élite "grandes écoles")!


Mauritania national football team

Mauritania national football team is the national football team of Mauritania.

Mauritius national football team

Mauritius national football team is the national football team of Mauritius.

Morocco national football team

Morocco national football team is the national football team of Morocco. They achieved fourth place at the 2022 FIFA World Cup.


Mozambique national football team

Mozambique national football team is the national football team of Mozambique.

Namibia national football team

Namibia national football team is the national football team of Namibia.

Niger national football team

Niger national football team is the national football team of Niger.

Nigeria national football team

Nigeria national football team is the national football team of Nigeria.

The following players were called up for the friendly matches against Algeria and Tunisia in Austria on 9 and 13 October 2020 respectively.
<br>"Caps and goals current as of 17 November 2019 after the match against Lesotho."

Réunion national football team

Réunion national football team is the national football team of Réunion.

Rwanda national football team

Rwanda national football team is the national football team of Rwanda.

São Tomé and Príncipe national football team

São Tomé and Príncipe national football team is the national football team of São Tomé and Príncipe.

Senegal national football team

Senegal national football team is the national football team of Senegal.

Seychelles national football team

Seychelles national football team is the national football team of Seychelles.

Sierra Leone national football team

Sierra Leone national football team is the national football team of Sierra Leone.

Somalia national football team

Somalia national football team is the national football team of Somalia. They have never qualified for the World Cup or the African Cup of Nations.

Sudan national football team

Sudan national football team is the men's national football team of Sudan. Since 2019, there is also a women's national football team of Sudan. Both teams have played in the Africa Cup of Nations.

Eswatini national football team

Eswatini national football team is the national football team of Eswatini.

Tanzania national football team

Tanzania national football team is the national football team of Tanzania.

Togo national football team

Togo national football team is the national football team of Togo.

Tunisia national football team

Tunisia national football team is the national football team of Tunisia.

Uganda national football team

Uganda national football team is the national football team of Uganda.

Zambia national football team

Zambia national football team is the national football team of Zambia.

Zanzibar national football team

Zanzibar national football team is the national football team of Zanzibar.

Zimbabwe national football team

Zimbabwe national football team is the national football team of Zimbabwe.

Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home

Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home was the fourth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1986 by Paramount Pictures. James T. Kirk and his crew have to travel back in time in a Klingon space ship to save the Earth.

Anguilla national football team

Anguilla national football team is the national football team of Anguilla.

Anguilla is currently 198th out of 203 in the FIFA World Rankings.


Antigua and Barbuda national football team

Antigua and Barbuda national football team is the national football team of Antigua and Barbuda.

Barbados national football team

Barbados national football team is the national football team of Barbados.

Belize national football team

Belize national football team is the national football team of Belize.

Bermuda national football team

Bermuda national football team is the national football team of Bermuda.

British Virgin Islands national football team

British Virgin Islands national football team is the national football team of British Virgin Islands.

Canada national soccer team

The Canada national soccer team can refer to:


Cayman Islands national football team

Cayman Islands national football team is the national football team of Cayman Islands.

Costa Rica national football team

Costa Rica national football team is the national football team of Costa Rica.

Cuba national football team

The Cuba national football team is the national football team of Cuba.

Dominica national football team

Dominica national football team is the national football team of Dominica.

Dominican Republic national football team

Dominican Republic national football team is the national football team of Dominican Republic, and is controlled by the Dominican Football Federation. The team has never featured globally. Football is a popular sport in the country recently, where the main sport is baseball. The Dominican assembly made history when in October 2010 a scandalous thrashed 17-0 British Virgin Islands, with the biggest victory in the history of the CONCACAF.

El Salvador national football team

El Salvador national football team is the national football team of El Salvador.

French Guiana national football team

French Guiana national football team is the national football team of French Guiana.

Grenada national football team

Grenada national football team is the national football team of Grenada.

Guadeloupe national football team

Guadeloupe national football team is the national football team of Guadeloupe.

Allan Ramsay (artist)

Allan Ramsay (13 October 1713 – 10 August 1784), was a Scottish portrait-painter. Allan Ramsay was descended from the lowland Clan Ramsay.

Norfolk House

Norfolk House, at 31 St James's Square, London, was built in 1722 for the Duke of Norfolk. It was a royal residence for a short time only, when Frederick, Prince of Wales, father of King George III of the United Kingdom, lived there 1737-1741, after his marriage in 1736 to Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha, daughter of Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha. King George III was born in the house, which was offered to the royal couple by the 9th Duke of Norfolk.

Kensington Palace

Kensington Palace is a royal residence set in Kensington Gardens, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London, England. It has been a residence of the British Royal Family since the 17th century. Today, it is the main residence of The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester; the Duke and Duchess of Kent; and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. Kensington Palace is also used on an unofficial basis by Prince Henry, as well as his cousin, Zara Phillips.

Sandringham House

Sandringham House is in Norfolk, England. It has been in the British royal family since Albert, Prince Consort bought it for Edward VII of the United Kingdom. 

Like Balmoral, it is the private property of the monarch of the United Kingdom, not an official, government owned, building. This meant that when Edward VIII abdicated in 1936 the new king, George VI, had to buy the properties from his brother.

York Cottage is in the grounds of Sandringham Estate.

Royal Lodge

Royal Lodge is a house in Windsor Great Park, half a mile north of Cumberland Lodge and south of Windsor Castle in Berkshire. It was the Windsor residence of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother from 1952 until her death there in 2002. Since 2004 it has been the official residence of Prince Andrew, Duke of York.

Holyrood Palace

The Palace of Holyroodhouse, also known as Holyrood Palace, has served as the main home of the Kings and Queens of Scotland since the fifteenth century. 

The Palace stands in Edinburgh, at the bottom of the Royal Mile. The Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official home in Scotland of the British monarch, who spends time at the Palace at the beginning of the summer.

Holyrood is an anglicisation of the Scots "Haly Ruid" (Holy Cross).

It was founded as a monastery by David I of Scotland in 1128.

Pope Benedict XVI visited Queen Elizabeth II on 16th September 2010 on his first day of his Official Papal visit to the United Kingdom. He then went on to say mass at Glasgow's Beallahouston Park.

Chlorophytum comosum

The Spider Plant, Chlorophytum comosum, is a species of "Chlorophytum" native to South Africa.

Spider plants have long narrow leaves that are 20–40 cm (8–15 in) long and 5–20 mm (0.2–0.8 in) broad. They grow from a central rosette. It also produces branched stolons with small white flowers and baby plantlets.

It is a very popular houseplant. The most widely grown is the variegated cultivar 'Variegatum'. It has one or two broad yellowish-white bands running along the length of each leaf. Natural, entirely green plants are also grown. 

The Spider Plant is very easy to spread. They can be propagated by splitting its main rosette. It is even easier to remove plantlets from the stolons and plant them separately or put them in a glass of water. They will grow roots readily in water but establish faster in soil while still attached to the parent plant. Pinning the plantlet to the soil with a bent paper clip can be helpful. Make sure the soil is damp and well drained. The plantlet can then be removed from the parent plant in 7-10 days.

It is a very popular plant with beginners, as it is easy to grow and propagate.

Spider plants have also been shown to reduce indoor air pollution.

At the spot where a leaf would normally develop a node, these plants will produce adventitious roots down into the soil, and new above ground shoots.


Hampton Court Palace

Hampton Court Palace is a royal palace in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, Greater London. The British royal family have not lived there since the 18th century. The palace is south west of Charing Cross and upstream of Central London on the River Thames. 

The palace was bought by the English monarchy in 1528. This was when Thomas Wolsey gave it to Henry VIII. It stayed a royal palace for the next 220 years. In its lifetime, it saw twelve monarchs on the throne, until George III stopped living in it after the death of his wife. There was a fire at Hampton Court in 1986. It is currently owned by Historic Royal Palaces, which also owns places like the Tower of London. It is open to the public. It has many gardens, and also has a maze.

Gatcombe Park

Gatcombe Park is the private country home of Anne, Princess Royal. It is in England between the Gloucestershire villages of Minchinhampton (to which it belongs) and Avening. It is five miles (8 km) south of Stroud and around six miles (10 km) north of Highgrove, the country residence of Prince Charles.

Highgrove

Highgrove House is the country home of HRH The Prince of Wales, in Gloucestershire, England. It is in Doughton, near Tetbury.

Highgrove House was bought in 1980 by the Duchy of Cornwall. The Duchy also manages the estate surrounding the house. 

Hillsborough Castle

Hillsborough Castle is an official government residence in Northern Ireland. It was the residence of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. Hillsborough Castle is used by King Charles III and other members of the British Royal Family when they visit the country and also hosts other prominent international visitors.

From 1922 until 1972 it was the residence of Governor of Northern Ireland.

In April 2014 it started being taken care of by the Historic Royal Palaces. It can be viewed by the public who paid for entrance to tour it.



Birkhall

Birkhall (BerkHA; from the Scots Birk Haugh: "Birch River-meadow") is a 53,000 acre (210 km²) estate on Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is alongside the River Muick to the southwest of Ballater.
The Queen Mother lived here for a while. 

Thatched House Lodge

Thatched House Lodge is a royal residence in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in London, England. 

It was the London home of Dwight D. Eisenhower in World War II.

Since 1963 Thatched House Lodge has been the residence of Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy. It was acquired by her late husband, Sir Angus Ogilvy, on a lease from Crown Estate Commissioners following their marriage.

Palace of Placentia

The Palace of Placentia was an English Royal Palace built by Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester in 1447, in Greenwich, on the banks of the River Thames, downstream from London. It was the place of the birth of Elizabeth I in 1533. The Palace was demolished in the seventeenth century .

Woodstock Palace

Woodstock Palace was a royal residence in the English town of Woodstock, Oxfordshire.

The title of "palace" was first used to refer to it during the twelfth century, when it was favoured by King Henry I of England. In about 1120 he created a zoo in the grounds. His grandson, Henry II was also fond of Woodstock, and spent time here with his mistress, Rosamund Clifford.

Woodstock Palace was destroyed during the English Civil War.

White Lodge, Richmond Park

White Lodge is a Georgian house in Richmond Park, near the south-west edge of London.

Nonsuch Palace

Nonsuch Palace was a Tudor royal palace, built by Henry VIII in Surrey; it stood from 1538 to 1682-3. It was extremely grand but the smallest of all of Henry's palaces. 

Seat belt

A seat belt is a strap that holds a person into his or her seat in a car, truck, plane, or other vehicle, so that in a crash he or she would not be injured or killed by flying forward and hitting parts of the vehicle or being thrown out of it. They are helpful in saving lives in car accidents. 

In 1946 a doctor in Pasadena, California proposed better seat belts than were used then. In 1955 several improved seat belts were patented. Automobile manufacturers sold many more cars with such seat belts, starting then. Eventually, laws required cars to have them.

Troubadour (K'naan album)

Troubadour is the third studio album released by K'naan. The features some guest artists like "Chubb Rock", "Damian Marley", "Adam Levine", "Kirk Hammett", "Mos Def", and "Chali 2na". Singles include "Bang Bang" featuring Adam Levine, "ABC's" featuring Chubb Rock, "Dreamer", "If Rap Gets Jealous" which features Metallica member Kirk Hammett, "Wavin' Flag", and "Take a Minute".




Scott Parker

Scott Parker (born 13 October 1980) is an English football manager and former football player, who was formerly the manager of Premier League club Bournemouth.

250||17||14||1||21||2||20||0||305||20
250||17||14||1||21||2||20||0||305||20

!Total||3||0

Princess Augusta of Great Britain

Princess Augusta (Augusta Frederica; 31 July 1737 – 23 March 1813) was a member of the British Royal Family, a granddaughter of George II and sister of George III. In 1763 she married Charles, prince of the House of Brunswick, of which she was already a member. She had seven children. Her marriage was not a happy one, and Augusta eventually returned to London where she died in 1813. Her daughter Caroline of Brunswick was the Queen consort of George IV.

Princess Charlotte of Clarence

Princess Charlotte of Clarence Born on 27 March 1819, Hanover. She died the same day as her birth. She was the oldest daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom and his wife Adelaide. She had four younger siblings- , three stillborn brothers and a stillborn sibling of unknown sex.

Mary, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange

Mary, Princess Royal, Princess of Orange and Countess of Nassau (4 November 1631 – 24 December 1660) was the eldest daughter of King Charles I of England, Scotland, and Ireland and his queen, Henrietta Maria. She was the wife of William II, Prince of Orange and Count of Nassau (27 May 1626–6 November 1650) and the mother of King William III of England and Ireland, II of Scotland (14 November 1650–8 May 1702). Mary Stuart or Mary of Orange, as she was also known, was the first daughter of a British Sovereign to hold the title Princess Royal. 


Elizabeth of England (1635–1650)

Elizabeth of England and Scotland (1635–1650) was the second daughter of King Charles I of England and Scotland and Henrietta Maria of France. Elizabeth was born on 28 December 1635 at St. James's Palace, and was baptized there on 2 January the next year by William Laud, the Archbishop of Canterbury.She died on the Isle of Wright in 1650 at the age of 14 during commonwealth.

Princess Anne of England

Princess Anne of England (17 March 1637 – 8 December 1640) was the daughter of Charles I of England and his queen, Henrietta Maria of France. She was born at St. James's Palace, and died of natural causes at Richmond Palace, at the age of three. She was buried at Westminster Abbey.

Henry Stuart, Duke of Gloucester

Henry Stuart, Duke of Gloucester (8 July 1640 – 18 September 1660) was the third adult (and youngest) son of Charles I and his queen, Henrietta Maria of France. He is also known as Henry of Oatland.

Catherine of Braganza

Catherine of Braganza (; 25 November 1638 – 31 December 1705) was a Portuguese Infanta and the queen consort of Charles II of England, Scotland and Ireland. She was the daughter of John IV of Portugal and queen consort Luisa de Guzmán.

Nell Gwyn

Eleanor "Nell" Gwyn (or Gwynn or Gwynne) (1650 - 14 November 1687), was one of the earliest English actresses to receive prominent recognition, and a long-time mistress of King Charles II.

Called "pretty, witty Nell" by Samuel Pepys, she has been called a living embodiment of the spirit of Restoration England and has come to be considered a folk heroine, with a story echoing the rags-to-royalty tale of Cinderella.

Descendants of Charles II of England

The descendants of Charles II of England, Stuart monarch of the Kingdom of England, Kingdom of Scotland and Kingdom of Ireland, are numerous; lines of his many illegitimate children exist to this day. Though Charles's wife Catherine of Braganza was barren, he stayed with her but had numerous mistresses. Some of Charles's illegitimate children were born before his marriage. This article deals with the most senior figures who were descended from Charles' illegitimate male children; the names of his daughters are also mentioned.

Although some of Charles' children made claims to the throne, most notably his first son James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth, their illegitimacy meant that after Charles' death, his brother James, Duke of York became king instead. Over the years several of Charles' senior descendants have made names for themselves, including Augustus FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton who became Prime Minister of Great Britain, cricket pioneer Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, and parliamentary reformer Charles Lennox, 3rd Duke of Richmond.

Diana, Princess of Wales was descended from two of Charles' illegitimate sons; Henry Fitzroy, 1st Duke of Grafton and Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond. This means should her son Prince William, Prince of Wales, take to the British throne as he is expected to, William would become the first blood descendant of Charles II to do so. William is part of the royal House of Windsor, rather than the House of Stuart.

Catherine Pegge and Charles II also had a daughter together called Catherine FitzCharles but she died young or became a nun.
Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland was perhaps the most notorious of Charles' mistresses. Some of the children claimed by Palmer as belonging to Charles are in doubt. Anne Lennard, Countess of Sussex was claimed to be Charles' and he recognised her, though some sources regard Roger Palmer as her father. Palmer claimed Lady Barbara FitzRoy was Charles' daughter, however he never recognised her and most sources consider John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough her likely father. Palmer and Charles had a daughter together Charlotte Lee, Countess of Lichfield and three sons who were recognised by Charles, their lines are featured below.
The two had one daughter; Lady Mary Tudor. Mary went on to marry Edward Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Derwentwater; after Edward's death, she married Henry Graham, and upon his death she married James Rooke.

White Butte

White Butte is the highest point in North Dakota. It has an elevation of . It is a butte in Slope County, in the Badlands.

Athelbald of Wessex

Athelbald, also spelled Æthelbald or Ethelbald (–860) was a West Saxon nobleman. In 856 he was King of Wessex while his father was in Rome. When Athelwulf returned, Athelbald refused to step down. To avoid a civil war, Athelwulf gave his son the kingdom of Wessex and became sub-king of Kent.

Athelbald was the second of the five sons of King Athelwulf of Wessex and Osburga. She was the daughter of Oslac, Athelwulf's butler. He was born about 832. He is recording fighting alongside his father in 851 in the battle at Acleah. There the Vikings who had just defeated Berhtwulf of Mercia near London and when they moved into Surrey they were met and defeated by the West Saxons. In 855 his father Athelwulf went on a to Rome. He left the kingdom in the care of Athelbald. After spending a year in Rome and spending time at court of Charles the Bald, King of the West Franks, Athelwulf returned. But he had wed the king's young daughter, Judith. She could not have been any older than thirteen at the time. The Frankish king Charles had insisted that his daughter be queen. When Athelwulf returned to Wessex with his new Queen, Athelbald objected to his father remaining king. To avoid a civil war Athelwulf agreed to take the sub-kingship of Kent. He let Ethelbald retain his position as king of Wessex. Athelwulf died in 858 as the King of Kent. Athelbald then took his father's young wife Judith as his own wife, apparently without a major scandal.

Despite his marriage to his step-mother Judith, he had no children. He was succeeded by his brother Athelbert of Wessex.


Athelwulf of Wessex

Athelwulf, also spelled Æthelwulf or Ethelwulf (–858) was a West Saxon nobleman. He conquered the territories of Kent, Sussex and Essex for his father in 825. That same year he was appointed the king of Kent. In 839 he succeeded his father as King of Wessex.

Athelwulf was born . He was the oldest son of King Egbert of Wessex and his Frankish wife Redburga. He may have been born in Francia (France) while his father was in exile there. In 824 his father sent him at the head of an army into Kent. There Athelwulf drove Baldred, the Mercian puppet king, out of Kent. His father appointed Athelwulf King of Kent which included Essex, Surrey and Sussex. Athelwulf ruled as a sub-king of Wessex.

Athelwulf succeeded his father to the throne of Wessex in 839. His father Egbert had done everything he could so that his son would be king after him. He appointed Aethelwulf his sub-king; ruler of the subordinate kingdom of Kent. This gave Athelwulf experience that made him the leading candidate for king after his father. In turn, Athelwulf did the same for his sons to insure they would follow him to the throne. One of the first things he did as king was to appoint his son Athelstan, King of Kent.

Under Athelwulf's rule the ealdormen, the most important leaders after the king, became very important. In the 840s when viking raids became more frequent it was his ealdormen who led various local armies against the invaders. In 851 there were three large raids in southern England. The largest had over three hundred ships. They attacked at a place called Acleah in Surrey. Athelwolf and his son Athelbald met the Danes (vikings) in battle and defeated them. After this victory Athelwulf was considered the leading Anglo-Saxon king in England. In 852 Burghred of Mercia, a vassal king, asked for Athelwulf's help against Wales. Athelwulf did help and together they defeated Cyngen ap Cadell. Shortly afterward his daughter, Athelswith, became Burgred's wife and queen. By early 854 Athelwulf's wife, Osburgh, died. His eldest son Athelstan died about this same time.

In 855 Athelwulf went on a to Rome. He took his youngest son Alfred with him. He left the kingdom in the care of Athelbald, his second son. After spending a year in Rome he traveled to the court of Charles the Bald, King of the West Franks. There he spent the summer and fall of 856. In October 856 he wed the king's young daughter, Judith. She could not have been any older than thirteen at the time. The marriage was at best a diplomatic alliance. Both men were suffering from Viking attacks, and formed a common alliance. Charles insisted that his daughter be queen. When Athelwulf returned to Wessex there was opposition to his remaining king. To avoid a civil war he agreed to take the sub-kingship of Kent, held by Ethelbald. He let Ethelbald become king of Wessex. Athelwulf died in 858 as the King of Kent. Ethelbald took his father's young wife Judith as his own wife, apparently without a major scandal.

Athelwulf married Osburh, daughter of Oslac, Athelwulf's butler. Together they had:


Athelbert of Wessex

Athelbert, also spelled Æthelbert (836-866), was a West Saxon nobleman. He was the sub-king of Kent from 858–860. He was the King of Wessex from 860-865.

He was the third son of Ethelwulf of Wessex and Osburga. She was the daughter of Oslac, Athelwulf's butler. He got his first taste of kingship in 855 when he was left in charge of Kent while his father, King Athelwulf of Wessex, was in Rome. His brother Athelbald was left in charge of the West Saxon kingdom. When their father returned from Rome, Athelbald would not give up the throne. To avoid a civil war, their father Athelwulf took the subkingdom of Kent and Athelbald ruled as king of Wessex. When Athelwulf died in 858, Athelbert was once again appointed king of Kent.

When his brother Athelbald died in 860, Athelbert succeeded him as king of Wessex. Athelbert still had two younger brothers, Athelred and Alfred. But neither were appointed to fill the role of sub-king of Kent. Athelbert consolidated the kingdom of Kent into the kingdom of Wessex. During his reign Viking attacks grew more frequent. One Viking army advanced into Wessex as far as Winchester before being defeated. But the year 865 saw the arrival of the Great Heathen Army in East Anglia. This was a much larger army and would remain in England. For a time they were more interested in Northumbria. They gained control of York and moved south into Mercia then made their winter camp in Nottingham. Meanwhile, King Athelbert died in early 866. Since he died childless, he was succeeded by his brother Athelred.


Olympus Mons

Olympus Mons is a shield volcano on the planet, Mars. It is the tallest volcano and mountain in the Solar System. Its last eruption was 25 million years ago. 

Olympus Mons is high. This is three times taller than the highest mountain on Earth, Mount Everest.

Port Authority Police

The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Police Department, or Port Authority Police Department (PAPD), is a police department in New York and New Jersey. It protects all the property owned by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and it enforces state and city laws. The PAPD is one of the largest police departments in the United States, with over 2000 members. The PAPD is owned by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, a two-state agency that runs the bridges, tunnels, airports, and seaports along the New York - New Jersey border.

The Port Authority's World Trade Center was the target of a terrorist attack on February 26, 1993, and of the more successful September 11 attacks in 2001.

The area had over 50,000 employees and 70,000 visitors per day; the work of emergency personnel including the Port Authority Police, the New York City Police Department, the New York City Fire Department, New York City EMS, New York State Court Officers, Federal Agents and many others helped to lower the deaths from the attack. The Port Authority Police had the biggest loss of police personnel at a single time in American history: 37 police officers along with one police dog were killed on September 11th.



Panda Express

Panda Express is a quick-service Chinese restaurant chain in the United States.
They serve American-style Chinese food. Most of their restaurants are in shopping malls and supermarkets.


Color of the day (Thai)

Thai astrology has a color of the day for each day of the week. The color is based on the color of the God who protects the day or Navagraha. For example, the God of Sunday is Surya which has as the red color. These colors of the day are the traditional Thai birthday colors. For example, King Bhumibol Adulyadej was born on Monday, so on his birthday places in Thailand will be decorated with the color yellow.

This table above is based on the colours of the grah .



Labial consonant

Labials or labial consonants are consonants made with the lips. These sounds are made in two ways. Bilabial sounds use both lips (for example [p] as in "pack"). Labiodental sounds use the lower lip and teeth (for example [f] in "food").

Coronal consonant

Coronal consonants are made with the front part of the tongue. There are many types of coronal consonants, for example dental consonants and alveolar consonants.

Radical consonant

Radical consonants are consonants that are sounded out with the root of the tongue (the back part).

Bilabial consonant

Bilabials or Bilabial consonants are a type of sound that are made with both lips (bilabial) and by partially stopping the air coming from the mouth when the sound is pronounced (consonant). For example, [p] is bilabial, but [f] is not.
Bilabial consonants are a type of sound in a group of consonant labials composed of both lips (bilabial) and by pausing the air from the mouth when the sound is called (consonant).

There are eight bilabial consonants used in the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA).

Following are some touch or touch gesture methods to teach sounds:

P: Place your index finger straight in front of both (closed) lips. When you make a / p / sound, bring your finger forward as fast as if you are going to emphasize that the p “sound. You can also place your finger and tap.

B: Place one or more fingers against the same closed lips but in this case, do not move it as soon as you make a noise. The “b” sound does not have an air escape like “p.” Remind the child to cover the lips. You can also place your finger and tap.

M: Place one finger on a horizontal surface under your lower lip or slide it over your lips.

English contains the following three bilabial consonants:
/p/ as in “post” and “map“
/b/ as in “book” and “grab“
/m/ as in “mind” and “lamp“

Labiodental consonant

Labiodental consonants are labial consonants made with the bottom lip and the top teeth, like the English letters "f" as in "file" and "v" as in "vile".

Dental consonant

Dentals or Dental consonants are coronal consonants, meaning they are made by touching the front of the tongue to the upper teeth. For example, "th" in the English word "thing" is a dental consonant written [], "these" is a dental consonant written [].

Saxifragales

The Saxifragales are a taxonomic order of flowering plants, various dicotyledons. Includes the following families:


Drug Enforcement Administration

The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is a law enforcement agency that works for the United States Department of Justice that enforces the United States drug laws. The DEA is the agency with the most responsiblility for drug enforcement in the U.S. and also shares its responsibilities with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It also has complete responsibility (duty to do something) for U.S. drug enforcement investigations in other countries.
The Drug Enforcement Administration was created on 1 July 1973, by Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1973, signed by President Richard Nixon on 28 March 1973. It suggested a single federal agency to enforce the federal drug laws as well as to join together and to organize the government's drug control efforts.

In 1999, the DEA opened the Drug Enforcement Administration Museum in Arlington, Virginia. In February 2003, the DEA started a Digital Evidence Laboratory in its Office of Forensic Sciences.

The DEA is run by an Administrator of Drug Enforcement who is given the job by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The Administrator's direct boss is the Attorney General through the Deputy Attorney General. It has its own training centre called the DEA Academy on the United States Marine Corps base at Quantico, Virginia with the FBI Academy. It has 21 domestic divisions inside the U.S. with 227 field offices and 86 foreign offices in 62 countries. With a budget of over 2.415 billion U.S. dollars, the DEA employs over 10,800 people, including over 5,500 Special agents.

The DEA has a system in place which allows doctors and other people, such as dentists, physician assistants, and nurse practitioners, to prescribe medicines, researchers and manufacturers access to "Schedule I" drugs, as well as Schedules 2, 3, 4 and 5.



Ticket of leave

A ticket of leave was an important document given to convicts who had been sent to Australia. Convicts who were well-behaved were given a ticket of leave. This gave them some rights, and they did not have to stay in gaol. With a ticket of leave, a convict was able to look for work in a particular area but could not leave the area without permission from a court. Every change of employer or district was written on the ticket.

Governor Philip Gidley King started the tickets of leave in 1801. It gave prisoners a reason to behave themselves. Also, it helped to provide cheap workers for farmers who were settling in Australia. The government saved money as it did not have to feed and clothe the prisoners.

Those with a ticket of leave were able to marry or to bring their families from Britain. They could buy land but not carry guns or get onto a ship. They were often made to pay back the cost of their travel in the prison ship to Australia. The ticket of leave had to be renewed every year, and those with one had to attend (where it could be checked they were still living in the area), and church services. Prisoners could lose their ticket and be sent back to prison if they were lazy, if they tried to get paid too much, or if they were rude to the police or soldiers. Sometimes, prisoners who helped the government, by capturing escaped convicts for example, might be given a ticket of leave as a reward.

A convict who kept to the conditions of his ticket of leave was given a conditional pardon after half of the time he was supposed to be in gaol. Then, they were no longer a convict and could do everything except leave the colony. Convicts who did not keep to the conditions of their ticket could be arrested without warning, go to court without being able to appeal, and lose all their property.

The ticket itself was a highly detailed document. It listed the convicts' number, the name, the ship in which sent to Australia, the year that they arrived, the captain of the ship, where they came from, their job, the crimes,the place and date of trial, the sentence, the birth date, what they looked like, the area the prisoner was allowed to live in, the court that gave out the ticket, the date the ticket was given, any other conditions of the ticket, and any changes of where they lived. A lot of this information has been kept, which makes them a very important source of information for people looking at family history.


Docklands Stadium

Docklands Stadium, known for sponsorship reasons as Marvel Stadium, is a large sport and entertainment complex built in the Docklands area of Melbourne, Victoria. Since March 1, 2009, is has been named after Etihad Airways of Abu Dhabi, one of two national airlines of the United Arab Emirates. Besides its generic name of Docklands Stadium, it has been known under past naming rights deals as Colonial Stadium and the Telstra Dome. The stadium opened on March 9, 2000 after two years of building and a cost of AU$450 million.

The stadium has a capacity of over 56,000, with over 53,000 seated. It is used mainly for Australian rules football, and houses the headquarters of the sport's main competition, the Australian Football League. It is also used for cricket and major concerts. The stadium also has a large opening roof that allows games to be played in any weather, and also has car parking underneath. It is joined to Southern Cross Railway Station by a footbridge. Its playing surface has an area of 19,000 m2. The roof, the largest opening roof in the Southern Hemisphere, takes about 8 minutes to open or close.

The stadium is home to several Australian Football League clubs, including Carlton, North Melbourne, Essendon, St Kilda, and the Western Bulldogs. It was used for several matches in the 2003 Rugby World Cup.

The stadium is also used for music concerts, and performers have included Andre Rieu, Bruce Springsteen, Green Day, Barbra Streisand, Bon Jovi and Ricky Martin.

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is the largest and primary law enforcement agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Its duty is to protect the nation's border. Its main office is located in Washington, D.C..

ICE is run by an assistant secretary, who is given the job by the President of the United States, confirmed by the Senate, and reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security.




John Joe O'Reilly

John Joe O'Reilly was born at the Derries, Killeshandra, County Cavan. After early successes with St Patrick’s College and his club, Cornafean, he captained the Cavan team, which won All-Ireland Senior Football Championships in 1947 (at the New York Polo Grounds) and 1948, having also played on three losing sides in the final. He won 11 Ulster senior football medals, as Cavan took the title each year from 1937 until 1949, except two. He won a National Football League medal and four Railway Cup medals, in 1942 and 1943 (when he was the first ever Cavan captain), 1947 and as captain again in 1950. John Joe O'Reilly was one of only seven men to have had the honour of being presented with the Sam Maguire twice as captain. O'Reilly's father also played in goal for Cavan and his brother, Tom O’Reilly, played on the 1947 All-Ireland winning team and also won Railway Cup medals for Ulster in 1943 and 1944.

A Commandant in the army, John Joe O'Reilly died unexpectedly at the Curragh Military Hospital on November 22, 1952. He was named at centre half-back on the Gaelic Athletic Association's "Team of the Millennium" in 1999.

The E.N.D.

The E.N.D (an abbreviation of "The Energy Never Dies") is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group the Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 3, 2009. The album's music was different to the group's previous hip hop and R&B sound as it was a bit more "futuristic" sounding and was heavily rooted in dance music.

NYPD Blue

NYPD Blue is an American television police drama set in New York City, inside the fictional 15th precinct of Manhattan. Each episode usually shows a single day and has more than one story.

The show was made by Steven Bochco and David Milch. Its episodes were shown on the ABC network from its beginning on September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.


Wong Tai Sin Temple

Wong Tai Sin Temple may refers:


Jamaica, Queens

Jamaica is a neighborhood in the borough of Queens in New York City, New York, United States. It is the location of the county seat of Queens. Also located there is Jamaica Station. With over 200,000 daily passengers, the station is a rail hub for New York City Subway, the Long Island Rail Road, and the Airtrain to JFK airport.

Anal fissure

An anal fissure, or fissura ani, is a fissure (a small tear) in the anal canal. Patients typically complain of sharp anal pain during and after defecation, lasting minutes or hours. This small wound can sometimes bleed a little bit during or after defecation.

It's not completely clear what causes an anal fissure. It is possibly caused by constipation, too much strain on the anal sphincter (the circular muscle of the anus), reduced blood circulation, the skin is not made dry enough after taking a shower or swimming, the skin has been stretched too much, pregnancy, giving birth, and not changing a baby's diaper in time. 

After the anal fissure closes, it takes 6 weeks to 3 months before the wound is healed completely. In this period the fissure easily opens again. Therefore, the wound can return repeatedly.

A doctor can prescribe several products to treat the anal fissure. For example, a pain relieving ointment or suppository (an anal medication); a laxative (that makes it easier to go to the toilet); zinc-ointment (this will protect the skin and contract it, so it will heal faster). Further more a doctor can give advice about taking care of the wound and improve digestion and defecation.

Most fissure are acute, lasting about 4-6 weeks. The anal fissure becomes chronic and will not go away if it lasts for more than 6 weeks. In such cases medical surgery can be a solution. The circular muscle of the anus is usually cut or stretched. Also an injection with botox in the muscle can have a positive result.

The anal fissure can burst open very easily up to 3 months after healing, for example during defecation. The patient can do several things to reduce the chance that the fissure will return. The advice includes the following tips.

As long as the fissure is open (a painful, small tear next to the anus which can bleed a little) the patient can put an ointment with zinc oxide (protects and contracts) and pramocaïne (relieves pain and itching) on and around the fissure (in Europe available without prescription as "Nestosyl"). Use toilet your finger with a glove to spread out the ointment and wash hands afterward with soap. This treatment has to be continued for several weeks to reduce the chance that the fissure will open again.

Besides it is very important to have a good digestion and defecation. The longer the faeces is in the intestine, the more liquid will be withdrawal. Because of this, the faeces will become harder and get more volume, and that gives more chance that the skin around the anus will crack again. Patients are advized to eat fibres every day (for example: unpolished rice, muesli, whole grain bread, dried apricots, figs, dates, prunes, saltless nuts, beans, peas, etc.); to eat the recommended amount of vegetables and fruit every day; to use a little bit of butter or oil every day; to drink enough during the day; and to exercise every day. The patient needs to avoid food that can cause constipation (possible: white bread, white pasta/pizza/noodles, eggs, cheese, sugar, coffee, chocolate, etc.). If necessary, one can take enzymes as food supplement with every meal that includes bread.

Patients should not postpone going to the toilet. While waiting, the faeces will push on the circular muscle of the anus, which causes a pressure. Besides the faeces can become harder and get more volume after a while. When the patient feels the urge to go to the toilet, the best thing is to go immediately. While sitting on the toilet, the patient has to press as little as possible, but instead relax the circular muscle.

As long as the wound is not healed, taking a daily bath with soda (sodium carbonate) can give relief. Further more that will keep the wound clean. Sit in a tub filled with a few inches of warm water for 20 minutes, 2 or 3 times a day. This is called a sitz bath. It relaxes the tissue and helps relax the anal muscle.

It's very important that the skin around the anus is completely dry before the patients gets dressed. The slightest moisture in the folding of the skin can be the reason that the skin will get damaged easily.

Some patients benefit by putting simple oil around the anus. For example, olive oil or sunflower oil. The skin softens and will not tear or crack as easily. Always remind hygiene.

If the tips that are mentioned above do not help enough and the fissure continues to crack open, the cause could be the use of toilet paper after defecation. The paper rubs too strong over the skin and causes the wound to open again. One can try to use another brand of softer toilet paper, baby wipes, or instead use warm water to clean himself after bowel movement. 

While following all mentioned tips and advice, do not forget the good principles of hygiene.

These recommendations only make sense if the patient is sure that the problem is an anal fissure. If there is any doubt, especially when there is blood in the stool, please consult a doctor

Academic grading in the Philippines

The Philippines has varied university grading systems. Most colleges, universities, particularly public institutions, follow the grade point system scale of 5.00 - 1.00, in which 1.00 is the highest grade and 5.00 is the lowest possible grade.

Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila also employ a specific grading category for retention. This system uses the General Weighted Average (GWA) per semester as a basis whether or not a particular student shall be retained at the course or college he or she is enrolled to. Some colleges have higher GWA requirement for retention, but most of them demands a GWA of at least 2.50 per semester. A few graduate schools, on the other hand, employ the "Pass" or "Fail" system.
Datamex Institute of college in Information Technology

Notable exceptions include De La Salle University & FEU-East Asia College, which follow the 1.000 - 4.000 grading system, which patterns those of American universities. This system uses the 4.0 grade point equivalence as the highest grade, while 0.0 grade point equivalence is considered the lowest possible grade. 0.0 grade point equivalence is considered a failing mark.

ABE International Business College "Manila 'Main' Campus"

The Grading System let's you see the "Grade Range". This is essential for High School Graduates to know in which Grade Range they are in.

Other universities, such as the Ateneo de Manila University and its sister schools, use the letter grade system with varied grade equivalence range.

More importantly, Philippine universities do not have standard grade equivalence. Different universities have varied equivalence range, while passing grades are subject to imposed academic quality of an institution.


De La Salle University

De La Salle University is a private Roman Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.

General Weighted Average

The General Weighted Average (GWA) is the average of grades in all subjects taken, whether passed or failed. It is the result of combining the performance rating based on the screening criteria or subject. It serves as the indicator of a student's academic performance in a given semester or school year.


Fire and Ice (Warriors)

Fire and Ice is the second book in the first series of "Warriors": "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin". It was written by Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. The book was published by HarperCollins Publishers on 1 June 2003.

The book takes place in a fictional forest populated by feral cats, who live in groups called Clans. The four Clans are ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats that live in these Clans call themselves warriors.

Fireheart and Graystripe, warriors of ThunderClan, must go on a journey to save WindClan, which was chased from its territory by ShadowClan. They succeed in doing this.

Fireheart then receives his first apprentice (a cat he must train how to hunt and fight so that it can become a warrior). His apprentice's name is Cinderpaw. On a hunting trip with Cinderpaw and Graystripe, Graystripe falls into a river and almost drowns, but a RiverClan cat named Silverstream saves him. Over time, Graystripe and Silverstream fall in love and meet secretly (which is against the rules the Clans live by), much to Fireheart's dismay.

Tigerclaw, a warrior of ThunderClan with evil plans, sets a trap by a road. He wants Bluestar, the leader of ThunderClan, to be hit by a car and die, so that he can become leader. However, Cinderpaw falls for this trap instead, and is hit by a car, which breaks her leg and gives her a permanent limp. She is prevented from becoming a warrior because of this.

Fireheart later reunites with his sister, Princess, who is a house cat that lives with humans. She gives him her son, Cloudkit, who is taken into ThunderClan.

Later, there is a battle against Brokenstar, the former leader of ShadowClan, who was exiled for committing crimes, and some of his followers. Brokenstar loses the battle, and he is blinded and taken prisoner by ThunderClan. It is revealed that Yellowfang, the medicine cat (healer) of ThunderClan, is his mother.

The book ends with a battle against RiverClan and ShadowClan, who have allied in hopes of driving WindClan out again. ThunderClan fights on the side of WindClan. Fireheart is attacked by a RiverClan warrior named Leopardfur, and Tigerclaw doesn't help Fireheart. Fireheart later is unable to fight Silverstream, knowing how much she means to Graystripe. ThunderClan and WindClan win the battle. However, Tigerclaw and Fireheart are now suspicious of each other. Each one suspects the other of being a traitor.

Dean (education)

In academic administration, a dean is a person with important authority over a specific academic unit, or over a specific area of concern, or both.

The term comes from the Latin "decanus", a leader of "ten," taken from the medieval monasteries (particularly those following the Cluniac Reforms) which were often extremely large, with hundreds of monks (the size of a small college campus). The monks were organized into groups of ten for administrative purposes, along the lines of military platoons, headed by a senior monk, the decanus.

The term was later used to describe the head of a community of priests, as the chapter of a cathedral, or a section of a diocese (a "deanery").

When the universities grew out of the cathedral and monastery schools, the title of dean was used for officials with various administrative duties.

Australian Customs and Border Protection Service

The Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is the Australian Federal Government agency with the duty of protecting the Australian border, helping with the movement of legal international travellers and goods, and collecting border related duties and taxes.

The Service has nearly 6,000 people working for it in Australia and other countries and is based in Canberra, Australia.

Protecting Australia by stopping illegal and possibly harmful goods, such as drugs and weapons, is a main concern and many methods and equipment are used to help with this task. This includes using intelligence, and computers, detector dogs, Smartgate, x-rays, Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) and other methods. 

In doing its job, Customs works with other government agencies such as the Australian Federal Police, the Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service, the Department of Immigration and Citizenship, the Department of Defence and the Australian Fisheries Management Authority.

Australia’s borders extend into the 200 nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).

The Australian TV series shows the work of the Australian Customs Service at airports, sea borders and inside Australia.




Landing zone

A landing zone is a "safe" area in which a helicopter or other type of vertical take-off device would land. They are mostly used during war. A landing zone has to be flat and should have a hard surface.

Canada Border Services Agency

The Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) () is the Canadian government agency with a duty to act as border guards and customs services.

The agency was started on December 12, 2003 (the same day Paul Martin became Prime Minister of Canada), by an order-in-council joining Canada Customs with border and law enforcement agents from the Department of Citizenship and Immigration Canada (CIC) and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA).



Serial communication

Serial communication is a term used to describe systems used for telecommunications, as well as certain technologies used for computing. When using serial communication, only one bit is transferred at a time, for example over a communication channel or computer bus. This is different to parallel communication, where several bits are sent at the same time. Many computer networks, as well as many lines where data is transferred over a long distance use serial communication.


Abel Pardo

Abel Pardo (born in 1974 in León, province of León, Spain), also known as Auslli, is a Neo-Nazi politician and a Leonese language writer.

Laureated in Italian Language and Culture by ICON and Advanced Studies Diplomat in Romance Languages by the Open University of Catalonia, Abel Pardo wrote in ' (1996), ' (2006) and "El Dialecto Leonés" (2006), when he collaborated with tales about modern and ancient themes, and was the prologuer in the 2003 edition of "Brañas d'antanu ya xente d'anguanu".

As an Italian language and culture for foreigners bachelor, Abel Pardo is the author of the first works about contractive language between Leonese language and Italian, being the author of ""Linguistica Constrativa Italiano-Leonese"" (Contractive Linguistic Italian-Leonese) presented and approved in the University of Pavia Italy as a bachelor final project .

Abel Pardo also developed a certain activity as a translator into Leonese language. He translated the leaflet "Campus Stellae" (1999). He collaborated with ""La Nuesa Tierra"" newspaper with more than 200 articles in Leonese language, and with Logos Group (Italia) where he's official Leonese language translator. As city councilor of León, he promoted Leonese language bilingualism, starting Leonese language courses in the city of León for the first time and created with the University of León the title "Monitor de Llingua Llïonesa" for teaching Leonese language in official courses.

He also has written scientific works about Leonese language and New Technologues as ""Nuevas Teunoloxías y Llingua Llïonesa"" (New Technologies and Leonese language), the first pre-doctorate work presented and approved in Leonese language in one university, presented in the Open University of Catalonia or "El Llïonés y las TICs" in the scientific magazine "Mikroglottika".





Perforation

Perforation means lines of punching holes made in any material. It is used in making paper objects like stamps or tickets, and along the edges of movies.

In philately, there are three types of the cutting of postage stamps for stamp separation, including:


Imaginationland

"Imaginationland" is a three-episode movie made of Comedy Central's animated TV series, "South Park". It was released in March 2008.

Repentigny, Quebec

Repentigny is a suburb of Montreal, which is in Quebec, Canada. It was created at about the same year as Quebec City. Before, people who lived there were farmers. Now, there are a lot of people who live there. Most of the people work in Montreal so they have to use Highway 40, which cuts the town in half.

The town is on the north side of the St. Lawrence River

Although it is a very pleasant and calm town, there is nothing much to do. All year long, a bunch of festivals are organised, but they are mostly for children. The most popular festival is the Festival Feu Et Glace which happens during the winter.

Since the early 2000s, the only thing that changed in the town is that they built a lot of new houses.

Mount Pleasant, Green County, Wisconsin

Mount Pleasant is a town of Green County in the state of Wisconsin, United States. About 550 people were living in Mount Pleasant as of 2000.

Newspeak

Newspeak is a concept from the book "1984" by George Orwell. It is based on English, which is referred to as Oldspeak in the novel. Newspeak is the language that was created by Oceania. It is a language whose vocabulary grows smaller each year. For example, the word for "bad" becomes "ungood" in Newspeak. It becomes a word simply meaning the opposite of "good", with the prefix "un-" meaning "not". In the novel, this language was made by Party members as a means to limit human thought to the absolute lowest. This results in the people not being able to question whatever the Party tells the society.

Juncaceae

The Juncaceae, the rush family, is a family of rather small plants that often look like a type of grass. They often grow on wet, infertile soils. There are about 400 species organised into eight genera. "Juncus" is the most well-known and largest genus in the Juncaceae family.

They are one of the monocot flowering plant families, which means that their seeds only have one leaf to start off new growth. 

Rushes are found all around the world. They are commonly found in wet marshy areas, as the plant prefers moist soil. However, seedlings can survive dormant once well established even in the driest of places. Seeds spread by water or birds and other animals. They can live for up to 50 years lying dormant in droughts.

Rushes are a basic food of many animal diets. They are also used as bedding and nesting material for many different types of birds and mammals. Rushes have been used throughout history by humans for various purposes such as weaving matts, medicine and animal feed. Today they are still used in some places for making sleeping mats but are mostly used as a decorative plant around ponds.

The Prayer of Azariah and Song of the Three Holy Children

The Prayer of Azariah and Song of the Three Holy Children are two sections that are in some Bibles inside chapter three of the Book of Daniel. These sections are sometimes called Additions to Daniel.

In chapter three of the Book of Daniel, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon builds a statue from gold, and he tells everyone to worship it. Some Jews living in Babylon named Azariah, Hananiah, and Mishael refuse to worship the statue. The king gets mad so he has them put into a big furnace to kill them. An angel protects them from the fire, and the king decides to let them go.

That story is in all Hebrew and Christian Bibles. Roman Catholics, Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Bibles have a longer version of the story.

In the longer version of the story, Azariah's prayer is put after the three men are put into the furnace, starting at verse 24. In the prayer, Azariah says that he and the other people of Judah (part of ancient Israel) have sinned against God. He says that they are sorry and asks for God's protection.

The Song of the Three Holy Children is another part of the longer version of the Book of Daniel. It is sung by Azariah, Hananiah, and Daniel, who praise God and want everyone else to join them in prayer.


Ericales

The Ericales are a large and diverse order of dicotyledons, including for example azalea ("Rhododendron"), blueberry ("Vaccinium myrtillus"), grass tree ("Dracophyllum"), lúcuma ("Pouteria lucuma"), kiwifruit ("Actinidia deliciosa"), and tea ("Camellia sinensis"). The order includes trees and bushes, lianas and herbaceous plants.

Many species have five petals, fused together. This was used to place the order in the subclass Sympetalae.

Mycorrhiza is often found in Ericales.

Whitehall, Wisconsin

Whitehall is a city of Trempealeau County in the state of Wisconsin, United States. It can be found along the Trempealeau River. About 1,650 people were living in Whitehall as of 2000. The cities of Arcadia, Independence, and Blair can be found nearby Whitehall. It is the county seat of Trempealeau County.


Arcadia, Wisconsin

Arcadia is a city of Trempealeau County in the state of Wisconsin, United States. Arcadia is found along the Trempealeau River. 

About 2,400 people were living in Arcadia as of 2000.

Trempealeau River

The Trempealeau River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in the western part of Wisconsin, United States. That means it flows into the Mississippi River. It is about 55 miles long.


Godwin's law

Godwin's Law (also known as Godwin's Rule of Nazi Analogies) is a saying made by in 1990. The law states: "As a discussion on the Internet grows longer, the likelihood of a person/s being compared to Hitler or another Nazi, increases." That means that as more people talk on the Internet for a longer time, it becomes more and more likely that someone will talk about Hitler or the Nazis.

In 2019, Bret Stephens demonstrated both the Streisand Effect and Godwin’s Law, by publishing a column in the "New York Times", where he compared his experience on Twitter to the plight of Jews under Hitler’s regime.


De Wahl's rule

De Wahl's rule is a rule of word formation, developed by the linguist Edgar de Wahl and applied in a constructed language Occidental (known also as "Interlingue") created by him. It is useful to create certain grammatical forms from others (for example substantives from verbs).

Infinitives of verbs in the language Occidental have usually the ending -ar or -er. The root is obtained in the following manner: 

These six exceptions are: 
and the verbs formed from them with prefixes.

Because the rule composes from three parts, it is often known as "three de Wahl's rules".

One creates the substantives and adjectives by removing the endings and thus obtaining the root. After adding -r or -er, one obtains an infinitive in a majority of cases: "decora/t/ion, decora/t-, decora/r".

This rule was applied in the language Occidental. After a possible modification one can apply this rule to create new forms of a word especially in Romance languages or in languages which borrowed vocabulary from Romance languages.


Young's double-slit experiment

The double-slit experiment in quantum mechanics is an experiment, which was first performed by physicist Thomas Young in 1801. It shows that light has both a wave nature or characteristic and a particle nature or characteristic, and that these natures are inseparable. So, light is said to have wave–particle duality rather than be only a wave or only a particle. The same is true for electrons and other quantum particles.

The base version of this experiment is very simple. It requires only a double slit device like the one in the picture, something to hold the double slit device still, and a good laser such as the kind that is used by workmen to "draw" straight lines when they are building. The laser is supported so it can only be moved on purpose. It is aimed at the central point between the two slits from a point about one half meter away. Something like a movie screen or a smooth white wall is put up on the other side of the double slit device several meters away. When everything is fixed, a pattern of light and dark bands will show up.
Lasers can produce one or more photons when given a certain amount of electricity. The photon or photons come out of a very small hole within a well known period of time. The speed of light is known, so the time the photons appear on the screen can be predicted. When photons are produced one at a time, what shows up on the screen are individual spots of light. If photons were waves then we would expect them to spread out as they travel and wash across a wide area of the screen, but that never happens. If photons were particles then we would expect them to appear at two points on the screen connected to the laser through the two slits in the middle. But that is not what happens either.

When Thomas Young did this experiment, he had no laser. He understood it by imagining light to be like waves of water. He thought that light waves moved out from the light source like waves spreading out from a pebble dropped into a pond, and that when the wave fronts hit the double slits, then the original wave gets through at the two slits and there are two different waves from then on. It was easy to figure out how two waves would interact to produce the bright bands and dark bands (often called "fringes") on the screen. He said he had proven the theory that light is waves.
But there were big problems. Light did not show up at the screen as waves that washed across it. Light came to be understood as swarms of photons that individually hit the detection screen. And, very surprisingly, a single photon could interfere with itself as though it were a single wave that fit the old wave description. It split into two waves at the double-slit device, and they then combined at the screen.

The double-slit experiment became a classic thought experiment for its clear explanation of the central puzzles of quantum mechanics.

The double-slit experiment has been of great interest to philosophers, because the quantum mechanical behavior it shows has forced them to rethink their ideas about classical concepts such as:

Experience in the micro world of sub-atomic particles forces us to re-conceptualise some of our most ordinary ideas. 


ZoneAlarm

ZoneAlarm is a software firewall originally developed by Zone Labs, which was acquired in March 2004 by Check Point. It includes an inbound intrusion detection system, as well as the ability to control which programs can create outbound connections—the latter not available in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 firewall. , the newest release is ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2009. ZoneAlarm was formerly known as Zone Labs, the usage of which is declining.

In ZoneAlarm, program access is controlled by way of "zones", into which all computer networking connections are divided. The "trusted zone" generally includes the user's local area network and can share resources such as files and printers, while the "Internet zone" includes everything not in the trusted zone. The user can specify which "permissions" (trusted zone client, trusted zone server, Internet zone client, Internet zone server) to give to a program before it attempts to access the Internet (e.g. before running it for the first time) or, alternatively, ZoneAlarm will ask the user to give the program permission on its first access attempt.

"True Vector Internet Monitor", also known as "TrueVector Security Engine", is the core of ZoneAlarm. It is a Windows service which runs as "vsmon.exe" in the processes list. This monitors internet traffic and generates alerts for disallowed access.

Operating System Firewall, OSFirewall for short, is a feature in ZoneAlarm paid versions only. This monitors programs and generates alerts when they perform suspicious behaviors.

SmartDefense Advisor is a service only available in premium versions of ZoneAlarm that helps the user with certain types of alerts. This utilizes a large database of trusted program signatures in order to provide the user with further advice upon requests from the program in regards to allowing or denying access to the Internet.

64-bit versions of the ZoneAlarm product line will be made available for Windows Vista in the first half of 2009.





Antivirus software

Antivirus software (or anti-virus software) helps prevent access to a computer system by an unwanted computer malware. Viruses, worms or trojan horses can be used by criminals or mischievous people (called 'hackers'). They can steal information or damage system files. If no antivirus software is installed on the device, hackers will be able to access the information in the computer.
There are many different types of antivirus software, and many antivirus programs that can be downloaded for free. These free antiviruses usually have some features missing, and the missing features are only available to those who buy the full version. Even still, many free antiviruses today have great virus scanning capabilities and can give people suitable internet security protections without the need to buying additional protections.

Antivirus software protects computers in many different ways. For starters, most antiviruses offer more than just "virus" protection. They protect computers from all different kinds of malware, like spyware, rootkits, phishing, and ransomware. For this reason, antiviruses are frequently interchangeably referred to as "anti-malware" programs. There are a few more ways that antiviruses protect against malware, but the most used way is through a regular scan of all the data and files on a computer's hard disk. In an antivirus scan, the software will look through every file on a computer, and it will compare each computer file's genetic makeup with the genetic makeup of already-known viruses. If a file has the same genetic makeup as a known piece of malware, it will be flagged as a problem. This is known as signature-based detection, and it is only effective when a malware file has been previously identified and shared with the community of malware researchers who maintain the malware database. Another typical kind of malware detection is through behavior analysis. This is when the antivirus software identifies an abnormal behavior in a computer file or program, causing the antivirus to flag that issue and assess whether or not the abnormality has been caused by malware or by something else.

Most tests and experts claim that while antivirus software is extremely useful in preventing some cyber attacks, but it is unable to all attacks. That is because once a piece of malware has been identified, hackers know that this malware will be added to the list of already-known viruses, and it will no longer be able to pass through most signature-based detection systems. Also, antivirus software is not completely perfect, and there are more new and emerging threats that mostly sneak by a computer's defenses.

Installing more than one antivirus is never a good idea. The two different antivirus software may interfere with each other and causes damage.

Sometimes antivirus software sees viruses in files that do not actually have viruses. This is called a false positive. The antivirus software will may remove files from the computer that do not have to be removed. This may cause other programs to not work correctly.

Tangerine Dream

Tangerine Dream is a German music band that was started in 1967. The band was very important for the development of what is known as electronic music today. Together with Ash Ra Tempel and Agitation Free they made Berlin School possible. Their early works are usually seen as a type of Krautrock. Many people classify their music as New Age. The band does not see itself in this category though. Their music is sometimes seen as symphonic, or as a kind of ambient music, with a focus on electronically making the sounds used. They often let themselves be influenced by rock music.

Fulton County

Fulton County can be any one of the following eight counties in the United States:


Steeplechase

The steeplechase is a kind of horse racing that is done in the United Kingdom, United States, France, Ireland and Australia. The horses have to jump a number of hurdles (like a fence) that are put up across the track.

Maley &amp; Taunton

Maley & Taunton were a tram and tramway engineering company. They were at Wednesfield in Staffordshire, England.

Maley & Taunton sent its products all over the world. Its trucks used in the Lisbon trams and in the UK on the Blackpool tramway. The company principals were Alfred Walter Maley and Edmund MacKenzie Taunton. They held patents for Tram and tramway machinery and equipment.

Their equipment was used on the Manx Electric Railway.

Aalst

Aalst can be any of the following:


Alken

Alken, as a person, may refer to:


Alken, as a place, may refer to:


Beaumont

Beaumont can refer to:



Bever

Bever may refer to:


Beringen

Beringen may mean:


Beloeil

The name Beloeil or Belœil is the name of two municipalities. It has also been applied to various events and locations linked with these two municipalities.

The name has been applied to two municipalities. Despite the similarity, it appears the two names have independent linguistic origins.



Bree

Bree may refer to:





Dr. Mario

The gameplay of 1 player "Dr. Mario" is to make sure vitamins of the same color are lined-up together to defeat viruses. There are three colors of vitamins (red, blue, yellow). The goal is to clear all the capsules without going to the top. The player can pick any default level from 0-20, with a set number of viruses to clear depending what level the player is on. The virus count goes as high as 84, and does not increase after you pass level 20. There are over 40 levels in the game.

The player can also set up the skill level and music (Fever, Chill).

The gameplay of 2-Player Vs. is to defeat your opponent by killing all the viruses first, or making your opponent lose. By clearing viruses enough, halves of vitamins fall onto the opponents screen. They must wait until all the vitamins fall down before they make their next move.

"Dr. Mario" was rated the 134th best game made on a Nintendo System in Nintendo Power's Top 200 Games list. "Dr. Mario" was also rated by ScrewAttack as the seventh best "Mario" game of all time. Overall, Dr. Mario has scored a press average of 7.6 on GameStats.

Convergent boundary

A convergent plate boundary is the boundary that occurs when two tectonic plates collide with each other. This causes very large earth movements. Plate collisions can produce earthquakes, volcanoes, the formation of mountains, and other geological events over time. The Himalayas were formed by such a collision. Earthquakes and volcanoes are common near convergent boundaries. This is because of pressure, friction, and plate material melting in the mantle.

The diagram shows some differences between the two types of subduction. 

Scottish Tramway and Transport Society

The Scottish Tramway and Transport Society was set up on the 27th June 1951. It was called the "Scottish Tramway Museum Society". It had that name until 1983 when it changed to the current one. It was made by people interested in trams and tramways. They wanted to preserve a Glasgow "Room and Kitchen" type single deck tramcar. There is now one at the Glasgow Museum of Transport. 

Alexandre Guilmant

Alexandre Guilmant (born Boulogne-sur-Mer, 12 March 1837; died Meudon 29 March 1911) was a French organist and composer.

Alexandre Guilmant was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer. His father was an organist and organ builder, and gave young Alexandre lessons. Otherwise Alexandre was largely self-taught. He did study with Belgian teacher Jacques-Nicolas Lemmens, but by that time he was already a very good organist. From the 1860s he travelled widely in Europe, playing organs and becoming famous. Later he also visited the United States. In 1871 he became organist of the Trinité church in Paris. He kept this job until 1901.

Guilmant became well known in France as a teacher. Together with two other musicians, Charles Bordes and Vincent d’Indy, he started the Schola Cantorum, a private college where students could study music. He taught the organ there. Earlier he had succeeded Charles-Marie Widor as organ teacher at the Paris Conservatoire. His Conservatoire pupils included Joseph Bonnet, Nadia Boulanger and Marcel Dupré.

Guilmant did not just play the organ for church services. He became very famous for giving organ recitals. Often he played on organs which had been constructed by the brilliant organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll. He helped to make these organs popular in France, and they were a very important influence on the way that organists composed music for their instrument.

Both Guilmant and Widor produced large works for the organ which they called “symphonies”. These usually had at least four movements each, and gave the player opportunities to use many different sound effects.

Guilmant wrote eight organ symphonies, as well as a symphony for organ and orchestra, and several shorter works for the same combination. He composed a great many miniatures, not just for organ but also for harmonium. This was useful for musicians in smaller churches which had a harmonium instead of a big organ. He wrote a book on how to play the organ, and for many years he edited collections of organ music which had been written by earlier composers.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie; 1980; 

United States presidential inauguration

In the United States, the inauguration of the president is the day after an election when a new president-elect is elected President. The person has to take an official oath to try to be a good leader. Up until 1933, this day was March 4, but now it is January 20.

Battle of Gettysburg

The Battle of Gettysburg (locally , with an "ss" sound), was fought July 1–3, 1863. The battle took place in and around the town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was the battle with the largest number of casualties in the American Civil War. Gettysburg is often called the war's turning point. Union Major General George G. Meade's Army of the Potomac stopped attacks by Confederate General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. This ended Lee's second invasion of the North. Lee began to move his men back to Virginia on July 4. Between 46,000 and 51,000 soldiers from both armies were casualties in the three-day battle.

The Siege of Vicksburg ended on the same day, also a Union victory.

That November, a cemetery for those who died there was opened at the Gettysburg National Cemetery. President Abraham Lincoln gave a speech called the Gettysburg Address at the ceremony to open the cemetery and honor the dead soldiers on both sides.

Lee's army won an important battle at Chancellorsville in Virginia in May 1863. Afterwards, he led his army north through the Shenandoah Valley. His plan was to start his second invasion of the North (called the Gettysburg Campaign). Lee had several objectives in mind. He intended to take Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the state capital. This, he hoped, would embarrass the Lincoln administration and force Northern politicians to give up the war. At this point, Lee was playing politics. He knew that if he was successful in Pennsylvania it would encourage the Northern peace movement. He hoped it would get foreign recognition for the Confederacy. It could also force the Union to negotiate for peace, allowing the Confederate states to become an independent country. Lee badly needed supplies and intended to get them in Pennsylvania. In addition to being the state capital, Harrisburg was also the site of Camp Curtin, the largest training camp for Union soldiers. It was a major railroad center. More importantly it was a major supply depot and also a prisoner of war camp.

In the North, Lincoln told Major General Joseph Hooker to have the Union army follow Lee's army. But Hooker was very reluctant to go after the Confederates. Finally, Lincoln lost all confidence in him. On June 28, three days before the Battle of Gettysburg, Lincoln appointed General Meade to replace Hooker. Had the Confederacy won, confederate force would have had access to Philadelphia or Baltimore. Vice President Hannibal Hamlin went to Lincoln to discuss a prisoner of war trade five days before the Battle of Gettysburg.

Neither Lee nor Meade intended a battle take place at Gettysburg and neither was there when the battle started. On June 30, 1863, Confederate General Henry Heth had a division at Cashtown, Pennsylvania, Lee's gathering place before moving on to Harrisburg. Heth sent his division to nearby Gettysburg to look for, as he later wrote in his report, "army supplies (shoes especially), and return the same day." This started the myth that the Battle of Gettysburg started over shoes. Heth did this without scouting ahead to see what was at Gettysburg. The job of scouting belonged to the Confederate cavalry under J.E.B. Stuart. But they had been gone for over a week. So, blind to what was ahead of them, his soldiers ran directly into a Union cavalry division commanded by General John Buford. This started the fighting even though Heth and other commanders were under orders from Lee not to start a battle. But, as each side brought in more troops, it became a full-scale battle. Lee started moving much of his army there. One of his goals was to fight the Union army and destroy it. Now, he would have to do it at Gettysburg.

About 5.30 a.m. on the morning of July 1, the battle started. Heth probed ahead cautiously to a point about two miles west of Gettysburg. Buford's cavalry was deliberately slowing his progress. At about 10 a.m. the Union I Corps arrived commanded by General John F. Reynolds. They set themselves up along McPherson's Ridge to oppose Heth's Confederates. During the fighting Reynolds was killed but the Confederates were driven back. Meanwhile, both sides brought up reinforcements. The Union set up defenses of the town with I Corps defending the western approaches with XI Corps to the north. The flanks were covered by Buford's cavalry. One Union division was held in reserve on Cemetery Ridge. In the afternoon, when Lee arrived, the Confederates still did not know the strength of the Union forces they were facing. They also had not scouted the terrain. One division of Ewell's Corps had attacked the Union I Corps just after noon. At about 2 p.m. Heth's division joined Ewell's troops in the attack on I Corps. At about 3 p.m., another of Ewell's Confederate divisions, commanded by General Jubal Early, attacked the flank of the Union XI Corps. By 4 p.m., both of the Union corps retreated through Gettysburg and took up positions on Cemetery Ridge. So far, the Union had lost about 9,000 men including about 3,000 who had been captured. The Confederates had lost about 6,500 men by this point. So the first day of battle was technically a Confederate victory numbers-wise. But Federal troops held the high ground as more reinforcements were still arriving. Based on the first day's fighting, Lee was convinced he could defeat Meade at Gettysburg.

Late in the day, Lee sent the famous order to Confederate General Richard S. Ewell to take cemetery ridge "if practicable.” While he had been awaiting orders from Lee, Ewell had ridden out to take a closer look at Cemetery Ridge. Based on what he saw and the confusing order, he decided it was not practicable to take the hill and set up camp. Instead, he decided to leave the assault for the next day. This was the first major mistake of the battle for the South. The Army of the Potomac would end the day with around 21,900 men strongly positioned on Culp's Hill and Cemetery Ridge. The Army of Northern Virginia would have around 27,000 men from Benner's Hill to Seminary Ridge.

On the second day of battle, most of both armies had arrived. The Union line held the high ground in a defensive formation that looked like a fishhook. On July 2, Lee ordered General James Longstreet, commander of the Confederate I Corps, to attack the Union left flank as early in the day as possible. At the same time General A. P. Hill's corps was to attack the Union center. General Ewell was to make diversionary attacks and "if practicable" attack the Union Army's right flank. Lee felt that if everything went according to his plan and the Union line was destroyed, the battle, and possibly the war, would be won on the second day. Lee's coordinated attack required getting all the infantry into position and moving up artillery to support them. Longstreet had the furthest to go and midway in their march realized the Union lines could see them. They went back and had to take a different route. Longstreet could not get his corps into position until about 4 p.m. when he began his attack. His attack on the Union line lasted for over three hours but could not break the Union line. Hill's Corps failed to be effective in the center. Ewell did not attack Cemetery Ridge as instructed in Lee's confusing order, but made some progress in taking Culp's Hill.

Union Major General Daniel Sickles, a political general commanding III Corps, disobeyed Meade's orders and moved his troops forward to the Peach Orchard. He had been ordered to take up a position on Little Round Top connecting with Union forces on both his right and left. By doing this he left a large hole in the Union line. He marched to a position nearly in front of the Union line with no support on either side. Within an hour, his entire III Corps was nearly wiped out by Longstreet. Sickles was badly wounded by a cannonball and lost a leg. Being wounded was all that saved him from a court-martial. Sickles' blunder nearly lost the entire battle for the Union.

On the night of July 2, Longstreet's largest division commanded by General George Pickett arrived and was placed in the center of the Confederate line. Lee's plan for the next day was to attack on both the Union right and left, just as he had done the day before. Lee was still certain he could break the Union line and win the battle. That day Stuart's cavalry had caught up with Lee's army and Lee ordered Stuart to ride around the East side of Gettysburg and attack the Union rear. Ewell had also been reinforced and was ordered to take Culp's Hill the next morning.

Meade ordered the Union XII Corps to drive Ewell's forces off the captured trenches on Culp's Hill. They were to move at daylight the next morning. He was determined the remainder of the Union Army would hold its position and wait for Lee to attack.

Ewell began fighting on Culp's Hill at first light. Lee rode to Longstreet's headquarters only to find Longstreet had misunderstood his orders. He was planning a turning movement against the Union left. Now, with no hope of a coordinated attack, Lee changed the plan. Longstreet was to attack the Union center on Cemetery Ridge. Ewell's forces failed in their counterattacks and were forced to withdraw from Culp's Hill by about 11:00 a.m. Lee pinned all his hopes on Longstreet's attack on the center. Longstreet had the last fresh division in Lee's army. It was made up of three brigades, commanded by generals James L. Kemper, Richard B. Garnett, and Lewis A. Armistead, led by Pickett.

First, a bombardment by about 140 Confederate cannons on the Union lines was ordered. The bombardment started about 1 p.m. About 80 Union cannons returned fire. The cannons duel lasted for between one and two hours, depending on the source (most say about an hour). The Confederate artillery chief, General Edward Porter Alexander, had only intended it to last for about 25 minutes. But he then realized it had done little damage to the Union line so he continued. But he also had to worry about running out of ammunition and not have enough to support the charge that was Pickett was about to make. When the Union guns fell silent, Porter thought he had knocked them out. But it was a trick by the Union artillery chief. His guns were waiting for the charge the Union forces knew was coming. Alexander sent word to Pickett he could start his attack.

The cannonade could be heard as far away as Philadelphia. The noise was so loud the gunner's ears bled. It was probably the loudest noise that had ever been heard on the North American continent up to that time. In the end the Confederate cannons may have killed as many as 200 Union soldiers in the area that would later become known as the "bloody angle". But the Union guns may have killed more Confederate troops.

Calling the Confederate attack on the Union center "Pickett's Charge" is misleading for two reasons. First, Pickett commanded only one of the three units in the assault. Second, it was not a charge, which is a rapid advance towards the enemy, it was an attack which moved forward more slowly and over a longer distance. These Virginia units were joined by several smaller units of Confederates (some from North Carolina, Tennessee and Alabama) whose numbers had been reduced by the fighting over the first two days. When the cannons stopped, Pickett went to Longstreet to ask permission to begin the attack. Longstreet, sure the attack would fail, silently nodded his head and gave a wave of his hand. Longstreet had tried to get Lee to call off the attack, but Lee would not listen.

Over 12,000 Confederates stepped out from the trees and formed up for the long march forward. Waiting for them behind a low stone fence on Cemetery Ridge were about 5,000 Union troops, most of whom belonged to General Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps. Depending on the source, this was between 2:00 and 3:00 p.m. As they marched forward across the distance, Union artillery killed large numbers of troops. Rifle fire from the Union line was intense. The Union troops used four lines of soldiers. As the line in front fired, they moved back to reload while the next line moved up to fire. Only a few hundred of the Virginians reached the Union line. Within minutes they were dead or dying. Some were captured. The attack lasted about an hour with over 7,000 Confederate soldiers killed. As the remaining Confederate troops retreated, Lee was seen riding his horse saying "this was all my fault". He then told Pickett to rally his division. Pickett famously replied, "General, I have no division."

At about the same time as the main attack, Stuart's cavalry attacked the Union rear but the attack also failed.

Lee brought an army into Pennsylvania that numbered 75,054 men and lost 22,638 casualties or about 30% of his army. Meade lost so many field grade officers that the Army of the Potomac would not recover for the rest of the war. Both the Union I Corps and III Corps lost so many men they had to be combined with II Corps. The battle took more American lives than any other battle in United States history. Gettysburg is still the largest battle to ever be fought on American soil. The Union victory over the Confederacy ended Lee's invasion of the north. Lee would never try to invade the Union again. The Army of Northern Virginia would never get their strength back. However the supplies taken during their time in Pennsylvania would keep the Confederate army going. The wagon train of supply wagons and ambulances for the wounded was over long. Lee never had more than 51,000 men the rest of the war. Numbers from the Union forces wore down Lee and his army. This is why Gettysburg is said to be the turning point of the American Civil War. After the battle the confederates figured out that there was a slave spy.

Meade was severely criticized for not counterattacking Lee after the third day of battle. The next day Meade sent out skirmishers, but did not attack. Lee had his army hold its position on Seminary Ridge all day on July 4. The more than 10,000 wounded men would be moved by wagon train to Williamsport and cross the Potomac to Virginia. The rest of Lee's army followed on the night of July 4–5, screened by Jeb Stuart's cavalry. The next day, on discovering the Confederates had left the battlefield, the Union army cautiously followed. At the Battle of Falling Waters, Lee's army was waiting for the flooded Potomac River to go down so his army could cross. Meade's forces caught up with them there but the battle had no clear victor. The Battle of Falling Waters was the last battle in the Gettysburg Campaign.


New International Version

The New International Version or NIV is an English translation of the Christian Bible. It is made by the Zondervan Company. It became one of the most popular modern translations made in the twentieth century. The NIV was last updated in 2011.

New American Bible

The New American Bible is a Roman Catholic translation of the Bible into English. It was translated from the Bible's original languages and first made in 1970.


TED (conference)

TED is short for "Technology, Entertainment, Design". It is a conference that began in 1984 and met every year at Long Beach, California until 2014. Since then, it has met in Vancouver. People give talks about many things, for example, science, art, and business. Famous people like Bill Clinton, Al Gore, Ray Kurzweil, Aubrey de Grey, Elon Musk, and Bill Gates have all talked at TED. The talks have been online for people to watch for free since 2006.


Plutoid

A plutoid or ice dwarf is a dwarf planet that orbits the sun farther than Neptune. Four objects are now classified as plutoids:


Others might be included in the same class someday:

Radcliffe Line

The Radcliffe Line became the international border between India and Pakistan (which also included what is now Bangladesh) during the partition of India. The line divided Bengal into Indian held West Bengal and East Bengal which became East Pakistan in 1956. The line was decided by the Border Commissions headed by , who was to divide equitably of territory with 88 million people.
The line took effect on 17 August 1947 after the Partition of India. When the partition was implemented, there were some problems:


Wind power in the United Kingdom

These are some of the largest onshore wind farms in the UK:

Dipsacales

The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants, included within the asterid group of dicotyledons. Under the APG II definition some well-known members of Dipsacales are honeysuckle, elder, viburnum, and valerian.

Planetary nebula

A planetary nebula is a nebula that is made up of gas and plasma. They are made by certain types of stars later in their life. They look like planets through small optical telescopes. They do not last for long compared to a star, only tens of thousands of years.

At the end of a normal-sized star's life, in the red giant phase, the outside layers of a star are ejected. Because the outside is gone, the star shines brightly and is very hot. The ultraviolet radiation given off by the center of the star ionizes the gas and plasma that was thrown out from the star. This is what causes a planetary nebula to look like it does.

While some planetary nebulae look similar, others have very distinct and unique shapes. Scientists are not sure why planetary nebulae can look so different from one another. Scientists think that binary stars, stellar winds and magnetic fields might be some of the reasons planetary nebulae can look so varied. In the early 21st century some astronomers began calling them “globular nebulas” to avoid confusing them with the protoplanetary nebulas that make planets.

Planetary nebula are not very bright. None of them are bright enough to see without a telescope. The first one discovered was the Dumbbell nebula. 
Astronomers did not know what these objects were until the first spectroscopic experiments were done in the 1800's. William Huggins used a prism to look at galaxies. He noticed that they looked a lot like stars.

When he looked at the Cat's Eye nebula, it did not look the same. He saw an emission line at a place that no one had seen before. This meant that it looked like an element that no one had ever seen before. Scientists thought it might be a new element. They decided to call it "nebulium".
Later, physicists showed that it is possible for gasses with a very low density to look like something else. It turned out that the gas they were looking at was oxygen, and not nebulium.

The stars in planetary nebulae are very hot. They are not very bright, though. This means that they must be very small. The only time that stars get that small is when they are dying. That means that they are one of the last steps in a star's death. Astronomers saw that all planetary nebula are expanding. This meant that they were caused by a star's outer layers being thrown into space at the end of its life.

Stars weighing more than eight solar masses will become supernovae. Stars of lesser mass will form planetary nebulae. After billions of years of stellar evolution a star will have no more hydrogen. This makes the surface of the star colder, and makes the core smaller. The sun's core is about 15 million degrees Kelvin. When it runs out of hydrogen, the smaller core will cause it to rise to about 100 million degrees Kelvin.

The outer layers of the star become much bigger because of the heat of the core, and become much cooler. The star becomes a red giant. The core gets even smaller and hotter. When its reaches 100 million K, helium begins to fuse into carbon and oxygen. When this happens, the core stops shrinking. Helium burning soon forms a core of carbon and oxygen, with both a helium and a hydrogen shell surrounding it.

Because helium in fusion reactions is not very stable, the core starts to grow and shrink very quickly. Strong stellar winds blow the gas and plasma in the outer layer of the star outwards. These gases form a cloud around the core of the star. As more and more of the gas moves away from the star, deeper and deeper layers at higher and higher temperatures are sent out. When the gas heats up to around 30,000 degrees kelvin, the gas starts to glow. The cloud has then become a planetary nebula.

We know of about 3,000 of these nebulae in our galaxy, compared to 200 billion stars. Their very short lifetime compared to a star is why there are not that many compared to stars. They are found mostly in the plane of the Milky Way, and there are more and more the closer you get to the center of the Milky Way.

Only about twenty percent of planetary nebulae are spheres (like Abell 39). The rest of them have various shapes. The reason for these shapes is not understood. It may be because of the gravitational pull of secondary stars (for example, if it is a binary star system). A second theory is that planets near the star might change how the nebula forms. A third theory is that magnetic fields cause the shapes. .

A problem in studying planetary nebulae is that astronomers can not always work out how far away they are. When they are close, astronomers use something called "expansion parallax" to estimate how far away they are, but this takes a long time. If they are not close, there is not yet a good way to find how distant they are.



Emission nebula

An emission nebula is a cloud of plasma emitting light in many colors. The glowing is caused by a star being near the nebula. There are many types of emission nebula. H II regions are caused when stars are forming and are very hot, causing the plasma to heat up. Planetary nebulae are made when where a dying star has thrown off its outer layers. This causes the core of the star to heat up the plasma.

A nebula's color depends on what chemicals are in it, and how ionized it is. Because most of the universe is made of hydrogen, many emission nebulae appear red. Hydrogen glows red when it is hot. If the nebula is very hot, other types of gas will be heated and the it might also glow blue and green. By looking at which colors are glowing in a nebula, one can figure out what it is made of.

Emission nebulae sometimes look like they have dark areas in them. This is because clouds of dust block the light when it is traveling between the nebula and the Earth. 


Reflection nebula

In astronomy, a reflection nebula is a cloud of dust which reflects the light of a star or many stars. The light from the nearby stars is not hot enough to ionize the gas of the nebula to make an emission nebula. However, is enough to make the dust visible because the light reflects off of the dust. 

Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering works better for blue light than red (this is the same reason that the sky is blue and sunsets are red).

Reflection nebulae and emission nebulae are usually seen together and sometimes are called 'diffuse nebulae'. A good example of this is the Orion nebula.

Reflection nebulae may also be the site of star formation.



Variable nebula

A variable nebula is a reflection nebula that gets brighter and darker because of changes in its star.

Ionization

Ionization is the physical process of giving or taking away electrons from an atom. That makes the atom into an ion, because ions have electrical charge. 

In the process of ionization, an electrically neutral atom becomes either positively or negatively charged. Some substances are easier to ionize than others. This depends on the ionization energy. Ionizing radiation is a common cause, but ionization can also be done by high temperature, radioactive decay, or other causes.

Nucleosynthesis

Nucleosynthesis is the physical process where lighter elements are changed into heavier elements. This usually happens in the center of a star, both during its life and especially during its violent death. It is also thought that this happened at the beginning of the universe, in the big bang.


Stellar wind

Stellar wind is gas being thrown off from the upper atmosphere of a star. Different types of stars have different types of stellar winds. The Sun's stellar wind is called solar wind. Most stars, especially very bright ones, show continuous outflows of gas from their surfaces making the stellar wind. Radiation pressure is thought to be the main force that pushes the gas away, but modern research uses computer simulations and observations with the most powerful telescopes to understand it further.

Dumbbell nebula

The Dumbbell nebula (sometimes called Messier 27, M 27, or NGC 6853) is a planetary nebula in the constellation Vulpecula. It is about 1,360 light years away from earth. The Dumbbell nebula was the first planetary nebula to be discovered; by Charles Messier in 1764. 


Charles Messier

Charles Messier (June 26, 1730 – April 12, 1817) was a French astronomer who is remembered for publishing a list of famous objects in space that came to be called the 103 "Messier objects".

Messier was born in Badonviller in the Lorraine region of France. Six of his brothers and sisters died as children and in 1741, his father died. Charles became interested in astronomy after he saw the great six-tailed comet in 1744 and by a solar eclipse on July 25, 1748.

In 1751 he started working for Joseph Nicolas Delisle, the astronomer of the French Navy, who told him to write down everything he saw.

Messier discovered thirteen comets :




Astronomical spectroscopy

Astronomical spectroscopy is the science of using spectroscopy to figure out what elements astronomical bodies, such as stars, planets and nebulae, are made of. It can also be used to work out how those objects are moving, using doppler shift.

The study of spectroscopy and spectra is used in astronomy to help scientists study the whole spectrum of electromagnetic radiation, including visible light, which radiates from stars and other hot celestial objects. Spectroscopy can be used to find properties of distant stars and galaxies. It can find out their chemical composition, temperature, density, mass, distance, luminosity, and relative motion using doppler effect measurements.

Isaac Newton used a prism to split white light into a spectrum of color, and Fraunhofer's high-quality prisms allowed scientists to see dark lines of an unknown origin.

It was not until the 1850s that Gustav Kirchoff and Robert Bunsen explained the dark lines. Hot solid objects produce light with a continuous spectrum, and hot gasses emit light at specific wavelengths. However, hot solid objects surrounded by cooler gasses show a near-continuous spectrum with "dark lines corresponding to the emission lines of the gasses". By comparing the absorption lines of the
Sun with emission spectra of known gasses, the chemical composition of stars can be discovered.

William Huggins

Sir William Huggins, KCB, OM, FRS, (7 February 1824–12 May 1910) was an English astronomer best known for his work in astronomical spectroscopy. 

William Huggins was born at Cornhill, Middlesex in 1824. He married Margaret Lindsay, who was also an astronomer. 
Huggins built his own observatory from where he and his wife looked at spectral emission lines and absorption lines of astronomical objects. He was the first person to figure out the difference between nebulae and galaxies. 
Huggins was president of the Royal Society between 1900 and 1905.

Emission spectrum

The emission spectrum of an element or compound is how bright certain frequencies are when energy is added to the atoms or molecules.

Each atom's emission spectrum has different spectral lines and can be used to figure out if that atom is part of a compound

Luminosity

Luminosity is the amount of power given off by an astronomical object.

Stars and other objects emit energy in the form of radiation. It is measured in joules per second, which are equal to watts. A watt is one unit of power. Just as a light bulb is measured in watts, the Sun can also be measured in watts. The sun gives off . This amount of power is known as 1 sol, the symbol for which is formula_1. 

There are other ways to describe luminosity. The most common is apparent magnitude, which is how bright an object looks to an observer on Earth. It only applies to light, that is, visible wavelengths. Apparent magnitude is contrasted with absolute magnitude, which is an object's "intrinsic brightness" at visible wavelengths, irrespective of distance. The apparent magnitude is the less, for objects more than 32.6 light years away.

When talking about the total power output across all wavelengths, that is called bolometric magnitude. 

Solar mass

Solar mass is a unit of measurement of mass. It is equal to the mass of the Sun, about 332,950 times the mass of the Earth, or 1,048 times the mass of Jupiter. Masses of other stars and groups of stars are listed in terms of solar masses. Its mathematical symbol and value are:

Interstellar medium

In astronomy, the interstellar medium (sometimes called the ISM) is the tenuous gas and dust that fills the void between stellar systems in galaxies, that consisting mainly of huge clouds of ionized, neutral, or molecular hydrogen. This gas and dust not distributed uniformly in interstellar space, but displays significant variations in density, temperature, and ionisation state.

Various gases exist in outer space. Most common are hydrogen and helium. Interstellar cosmic dust makes nebulae.

Myopia

Myopia, also called near-sightedness or short-sightedness, is a problem with the focusing ability of the eye. It is when the eye is not able to focus properly on objects in the distance. This condition is very common and it often occurs with many members of the same family. It happens when the lens becomes a different shape (too curved) from usual, or when the eye is longer than normal, so light entering the eye focuses on a point "in front of" the retina, rather than right on it. This makes distant objects look blurry. People with myopia often squint while watching television or trying to see distant objects. Sudden myopia can often be the first symptom of Type II Diabetes. 

In most cases, it can be fixed easily using glasses, contact lenses, or surgery. 

Luster (mineralogy)

Luster (or lustre) is a description of the way light interacts with the surface of a crystal, rock, or mineral. For example, a diamond has an adamantine lustre and pyrite has a metallic lustre. The term is also used to describe other items with some kind of sheen (for example, fabric, especially silk and satin, or metals).

The word lustre comes from the Latin word lux, meaning "light", and generally implies radiance, gloss, or brilliance.

Carbonation

Carbonation is the process of carbon dioxide dissolving in a liquid. For example, carbon dioxide is added to flavored water under pressure to make it "fizz" as a carbonated water soft drink.

When rain passes through the atmosphere, it takes in or mixes with carbon dioxide, turning it into a weak carbonic acid. When the rain falls on limestone, it dissolves the calcium carbonate in the rock, turning it into calcium bicarbonate and taking it away. Holes and large cracks form in the rock. Such a place is called karst. If a stream or river passes through it, it could be swallowed up by a hole called a swallow hole. It can go through a series of underground caves and may appear on the surface again. An example of a karst area is the Burren National Park, in County Clare, Ireland.
Carbon dioxide is weakly soluble in water, therefore it separates into a gas. The process of carbon dioxide bubbling out (effervescing) from a solution is represented by this chemical reaction. This shows aqueous carbonic acid converts to carbon dioxide and water:

Carbonation also describes the incorporation of carbon dioxide into chemical compounds. Carbon-based life originates from a carbonation reaction that is most often catalysed by the enzyme RuBisCO. This carbonation process is so important that a significant fraction of leaf mass consists of this carbonating enzyme.

Feynman diagram

A Feynman diagram is a diagram that shows what happens when elementary particles collide.

Feynman diagrams are used in quantum mechanics. A Feynman diagram has "lines" in different shapes—straight, dotted, and squiggly—which meet up at "points". The points in Feynman diagrams represent a meeting between three particles at the same point in space at the same time. The lines in a Feynman diagram represent the probability amplitude for a particle to go from one place to another.

In Feynman diagrams, the particles are allowed to go both forward and backward in time. When a particle is going backward in time, it is called an antiparticle. The meeting points for the lines can also be interpreted forward or backwards in time, so that if a particle disappears into a meeting point, that means that the particle was either created or destroyed, depending on the direction in time that the particle came in from.

All the lines and points have an amplitude. When you multiply the probability amplitude for the lines, the amplitude for the particles to go from wherever they start to wherever they meet, and to the next meeting point, and so on, and also multiply by the amplitude for each meeting point, you get a number that tells you the total amplitude for the particles to do what the diagram says they do. If you add up all these probability amplitudes over all the possible meeting points, and over all the starting and ending points with an appropriate weight, you get the total probability amplitude for a collision in a particle accelerator, which tells you the total probability of these particles to bounce off one another in any particular direction.

Feynman diagrams are named after Richard Feynman, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics. His diagrams are very simple in the case of quantum electrodynamics (QED), where there are only two kinds of particles: electrons (little particles inside atoms) and photons (particles of light). In QED, the only thing that can happen is that an electron (or its antiparticle) can emit (or absorb) a photon, so there is only one building block for any collision. The probability amplitude for the emission is very simple—it has no real part, and the imaginary part is the "charge" of the electron.

Raymond VII, Count of Toulouse

Raymond VII of Saint-Gilles (July 1197 – 27 September 1249) was Count of Toulouse, Duke of Narbonne and Marquis of Provence from 1222 until his death.

He was the son of Raymond VI of Toulouse and Joan of England. During the Albigensian Crusade in May of 1216, he set out from Marseille and besieged Beaucaire, which he captured on August 24. He fought to get the county of Toulouse back from Simon de Montfort, 5th Earl of Leicester and later Simon's son Amaury VI of Montfort.

When Raymond died, Alphonse became count of Toulouse, and after Alphonse's death the county was captured by France. Raymond VII was buried beside his mother Joan in Fontevrault Abbey.

Rival

A rival is a person or group of people who are trying to do the same thing as someone else, and trying to do it better. They are "competing" against one another. Usually they are about equally good.

Competing in this way is called rivalry.

Two (or more) businesses may be rivals. For example: they may be selling ice creams in the same area.

Brothers and sisters may be rivals. For example: they may both be trying to get their mother's attention.

Countries may be rivals. For example: they may be trying to have power over the same thing. This can be a dangerous thing which, in some cases, can lead to war.

In sport, two teams may be rivals. This is a more friendly kind of rivalry.

Seneschal

A seneschal was an officer in the houses of important nobles in the Middle Ages. In the French administrative system of the Middle Ages, the sénéchal was also a royal officer in charge of justice and control of the administration in southern provinces, equal to the northern French "bailli".


Trimbach, Switzerland

Trimbach is a municipality in the district of Gösgen. It is in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Stoke

Stoke may refer to the following:


Originally from the Old English 'stoc' meaning 'place', it came to be used in two special senses, i) a religious place and ii) a secondary settlement (see Roome )

It can refer to any of the following places:




Human T-lymphotropic virus

Human T-lymphotropic virus is a virus. It is a kind of retrovirus. Human T-lymphotropic virus causes leukemia as well as other diseases. Currently, four kinds are known (labelled I to IV).

Bon Scott

Bon Scott (9 July 1946 – 19 February 1980) was a Scottish-Australian singer-songwriter. He was the lead singer of hard rock band AC/DC from 1974 until he died of alcohol poisoning in 1980.

Scott was born in Forfar, Scotland and brought up in Kirriemuir, Scotland. He and his family moved to Fremantle, Australia in 1952. He left school when he was 15 and spent a short time in a juvenile institution. In 1964, he formed a band called The Spektors. They later became a different band called The Valentines. When the Valentines broke up in 1970, Scott joined a band called Fraternity. Fraternity left Australia and went to Europe, but came back soon after. Scott then joined a band called the Mount Lofty Rangers. In 1974 he had a motorcycle accident and was in hospital for a few months. After he left hospital he joined AC/DC.

AC/DC's first two albums were "High Voltage" and "T.N.T.". They were only released in Australia. Their first worldwide album was released in 1976. It had songs from both "High Voltage" and "T.N.T.", and was also called "High Voltage". They released another album that year called "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap". Their next albums were "Let There Be Rock", "Powerage", and a live album called "If You Want Blood You've Got It". AC/DC's last album with Scott as their singer was "Highway to Hell".

Scott died of alcohol poisoning in London on 19 February 1980. He was 33 years old at the time. Brian Johnson became AC/DC's new lead singer. There is a bronze statue of Bon Scott in Fremantle. Shortly after his death, AC/DC released a tribute album to Scott, Back in Black.


Hubble Deep Field

The Hubble Deep Field, sometimes called the HDF, is an image of a small part of the night sky. The image was taken in the direction of the constellation Ursa Major by the Hubble Space Telescope in 1995.

It is important because it shows some of the earliest (farthest away) galaxies ever seen, over 3000 in total.

The area of the sky the HDF was taken in makes up less than 1/10th the width of a full Moon, yet it contains over 3,000 galaxies.

Because of the time it takes for light from these galaxies to reach Earth, many in the picture look exactly as they did over 10 billion (10,000,000,000) years ago. Because of this it allows scientists to look at what the Universe was like at that time, and how it changed to become what it is now. Add to this the cosmological principle, which suggests that on large scales the Universe is roughly the same no matter what direction you look, and the HDF becomes a very important tool for astronomers studying how the Universe has changed.

For these reasons the HDF is sometimes called 'the most important image ever taken'.


Orem, Utah

Orem is a city in Utah County in the state of Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 98,129 people live in Orem.

838

838 (DCCCXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.


Acetonitrile

Acetonitrile, also known as MeCN (methyl cyanide) is a kind of chemical compound with formula CHCN. It is a clear liquid and is the simplest molecule in a group called nitriles. Acetonitrile is made when plastics are being made so is quite cheap. Chemists use it as a solvent for chemical reactions and in chromatography.

Acetonitrile is flammable, and can cause severe health problems if in contact.

Acetonitrile is mostly used in chromatography.



Ranunculales

Ranunculales is an order of flowering plants. Of necessity it contains the family Ranunculaceae, the buttercup family.

Ranunculaceae

eu odeio viver

Ranunculaceae is a family of flowering plants also known as the "buttercup family" or "crowfoot family". Members include "Anemone" (anemones), "Ranunculus" (buttercup), "Aconitum" (aconite), and "Clematis". 

Interlingue

Interlingue is a constructed language. It was called "Occidental" between 1922 and 1947. Edgar de Wahl, one of the first Esperantists, created it. De Wahl was from the city of Tallinn in Estonia, which was in the Russian Empire but later became its own country. He spoke German, Russian, Estonian and French since he was a child and had natural ability in languages. He is often called "de Wahl".

Interlingue looks a lot like languages in the Romance language family: French, Spanish, Italian, and so on. De Wahl made a rule called De Wahl's rule that made changing verbs to nouns easier and more regular. For example, the change of d in the word exploder (to explode) to s (making explosion and explosiv) is a regular change when following this rule.

De Wahl was not happy with Esperanto. He decided to create a language called "Occidental". He published it in 1922. In 1949 the users of Occidental voted to change the name to "Interlingue".

There were already many types of constructed languages during de Wahl's time. Some of them, like Esperanto and Ido, are called "schematic" because they follow their own design even if the words look more artificial. Others, like Latino sine flexione and Idiom Neutral, are called "naturalistic" because they try to look like natural languages. The difficulty was that creators had to choose between being regular or looking natural. Louis Couturat, the creator of Ido, wrote the same thing in 1903, and called it a paradox: "The international words are not regular, and the regular words are not international." The language that de Wahl made had a goal to be a language that was both regular and natural at the same time.

De Wahl announced his language in the magazine Kosmoglott in 1922, and this is where the Occidental activities can be seen. However, de Wahl started making the language long before this. Between 1906 and 1921 he started experimenting with his own language, and it changed a lot. At the time he called it Auli, or "auxiliary language" (auxiliary means helpful). The other nickname for Auli is proto-Occidental (which means "old Occidental"). When de Wahl announced his language in 1922, it was almost but not quite done. He actually wanted to wait a bit longer, but there was big news in 1921: the League of Nations was looking at the idea of an international language. De Wahl had also sent a letter and got a positive reply from the League of Nations in September 1921.

People began using Occidental because it was easy to read and understand, even without grammars and dictionaries. 

"Kosmoglott" changed its name to "Cosmoglotta" in 1927 and began promoting Occidental over other languages. In January of the same year, they moved "Cosmoglotta's" office to Vienna in the region of Mauer (now part of Liesing). This helped Occidental have success during this period because the office was now in a central location. Engelbert Pigal from Austria also helped with his article "Li Ovre de Edgar de Wahl" (The Work of Edgar de Wahl), which convinced some users of the Ido language to try Occidental. By early 1930, people were using Occidental in Germany, Austria, Sweden, Czechoslovakia, Switzerland, and most recently in France.

When the magazine Cosmoglotta was based in Vienna, the users of the language had enough money for the first time. This was thanks to two people: Hans Hörbiger, also from Vienna, and G.A. Moore, from London. The world economy was in a bad state, but with the help of people like Hörbiger and Moore, "Cosmoglotta" was able to do well and gained readers. But Hörbiger and Moore both died in 1931, so this period did not last long. After this "Cosmoglotta" had to find money from other places: subscriptions, books, magazines, and so on.

The growing movement began a stronger campaign for the language in the early 1930s in which it promoted Occidental's easy understanding at first sight. They contacted organizations with letters completely in Occidental, and these organizations often understood the letters and sent responses. The Occidentalists also introduced the idea of Occidental being the answer to Europe's "tower of Babel".

The years 1935 to 1939 were even more active. This is when "Cosmoglotta" started publishing a second edition. The second edition first had the name "Cosmoglotta-Informationes", but was soon called "Cosmoglotta B." Cosmoglotta A was more focused on literature, while Cosmoglotta B had more discussions relating to the movement. Cosmoglotta B had information for example on the language's development, Occidental in the news, and how much money they had. 

Meanwhile, the years before the World War II led to problems for Occidental and other planned languages. Occidental, Esperanto and others were made illegal in Germany, Austria and Czechoslovakia. Their groups were forced to break up, the Gestapo spied on them, and their educational materials were destroyed. Being illegal in Germany was especially damaging, because Germany had the largest number of Occidentalists. 

World War Two began in 1939, and this stopped the publications of both Cosmoglottas until 1940. This was when Cosmoglotta was most active. One Cosmoglotta A or B was published every month between January 1937 and September 1939 when the war started. Then one edition was published every month from September 1941 to June 1951. During the Second World War, only Switzerland and Sweden were neutral countries. Because of this, only the Occidentalists in these countries could carry on their activities.

During the war, telegrams were checked by censors before approving them to send. The Occidentalists noticed that their telegrams were being sent, especially between Switzerland and Sweden. This meant that the censors could probably understand it and maybe thought the language was Spanish or Romansch. With this, the Occidentalists in Switzerland and Sweden could communicate with each other sometimes.

The other centres of Occidental activity in Europe did not continue. But after the war, those who survived began to get in contact with each other again. Cosmoglotta had subscribers in 58 cities in Switzerland a few months before the end of World War II in Europe, and Cosmoglotta A started again in 1946.

One of these activities was language standardization. De Wahl had created Occidental with some unchangeable features, but believed that it could follow a "natural evolution".

Orthography was another area in which several possibilities existed: etymologic orthography (adtractiv, obpression), historic orthography (attractiv, oppression), or simplified orthography (atractiv, opression). Simplified orthography became the standard by 1939. Much of the standardization of the language took place in this way through community preference (e.g. both ac and anc were proposed for the word "also" but the community quickly settled on anc), but not all.

As there was a lack of general material destined for the general public, much time during World War II was spend creating courses and standardizing the language. In August 1943, as the war was still going on, it was decided to create an academy to officialize the process. The Swiss Occidentalist, isolated from the rest of the continent, concentrated on developing educational materials. The standardization efforts were based on actual usage.

The International Auxiliary Language Association (IALA), founded in 1924 to study and decide the best planned language for international communication, was at first viewed with disbelief by the Occidental community. Many of its members, including its co-founder Alice Vanderbilt Morris, were Esperantists. This made many Occidentalists including de Wahl himself believed that it had been set up as a pretext to give the impressoin of a "neutral and professional" committee that would finally choose Esperanto. Relations soon improved, however, as it became clear that the IALA intended to be as impartial as possible by familiarizing itself with all existing planned languages. 

In 1945, the IALA announced that it planned to create its own language. It showed four possible versions under consideration. They were naturalistic as opposed to schematic. Some Occidentalists were happy that the IALA had decided to create a language almost the same as Occidental. They believed that it supported their argument for a naturalistic auxiliary language. 

The two languages had somewhat different spellings (e.g. "filosofie" in Occidental and "philosophia" in Interlingua for 'philosophy'), but besides this both languages had 90% the same vocabulary. However, their structure and word creation systems were very different: 

All of this happened in a time when Occidental, based in Europe, was still recovering from the war. Besides the economic difficulties that the movement was suffering (not like the well-funded IALA, which was based in New York), the beginning of the Cold War created a difficult situation for the Occidental-Union, which had the same name as an anti-Russian political league. In early 1948 the Czechoslovak Occidentalists had begun asking for the approval for a new name that would allow them to continue their linguistic activities without problems. The Union responded that they were free to introduce the language as "Interlingue (Occidental)", or even remove the mention of Occidental if they felt it necessary. Ric Berger began supporting a change of name from Occidental to Interlingue in 1948 which he also hoped would help in uniting it with Interlingua. With a 91% support in a ballot done by the Occidental Union in 1949, Interlingue was made the official name of the language, with Interlingue (Occidental) also permitted, valid as of 1 September 1949.

Interlingue-Occidental suffered when Interlingua was announced in 1951. This was because now it had a competitor in the field of naturalistic planned auxiliary languages. In fact, Ric Berger, one of the most important Occidentalists, stopped supporting Interlingue to support IALA's project. He also tried to convince other Occidentalists to do the same.

Interlingue was quite weakened after many users moved to Interlingua, though the drop in activity was gradual and happened over decades.

"Cosmoglotta B" stopped publishing after 1950, and "Cosmoglotta A" was published less frequently. Other bulletins in Interlingue continued to appear during this time. Barandovská-Frank believed that the decrease of interest in Occidental-Interlingue happened at the same time as generation that was first drawn to it from other planned languages was getting older (translated from Esperanto):Most of those interested in Interlingue belonged to the generation that became familiar in turn with Volapük, Esperanto and Ido, later on finding the most aesthetic (basically naturalistic) solution in Occidental-Interlingue. After that, many moved to IALA's Interlingua, which however did not prove to be much more successful despite the impression its scientific origin made, and those who remained loyal to Occidental-Interlingue did not succeed in giving their excitement to a new generation.

Activity in Interlingue eventually reached a low during the 1980s and early 1990s, when "Cosmoglotta" publication stopped for a some years. According to Harlow, "in 1985 Occidental's last periodical, "Cosmoglotta", ceased publication, and its editor, Mr. Adrian Pilgrim, is quoted as having described Occidental as a 'dead language.'" A decade later, a documentary film in 1994 by Steve Hawley and Steyger on planned languages introduced Interlingue speaker Donald Gasper as "one of the last remaining speakers of the language Occidental".

The arrival of the internet helped many other planned languages, and the same happened for Interlingue which came back to life. In the year 1999, the first Yahoo! Group in Occidental was founded. That same year, "Cosmoglotta" began publishing again from time to time. Also in 1999, the language started being discussed in literature on auxiliary languages. One example is "The Esperanto Book" published in 1995 by Harlow, who wrote that Occidental had an intentional emphasis on European forms and that some of its leading followers had an Eurocentric philosophy, which may have set back its spread. Still, the opposite view was also common in the community and Occidental gained supporters in many nations including Asian nations. An Interlingue Wikipedia was approved in 2004. In recent years official meetings between Interlingue speakers have begun taking place again: a meeting in Ulm on 10 January 2013, another in Munich in 2014 with three participants, and a third in Ulm on 16 August 2015 with five participants.

Interlingue is written with 26 Latin letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z. The letters of the alphabet are pronounced as "a, be, ce, de, e, ef, ge, ha, i, jot, ka, el, em, en, o, pe, qu, er, es, te, u, ve, duplic ve, ix, ypsilon", and "zet". Accents are written on the five vowels to indicate irregular stress, with the acute accent (á é í ó ú) preferred, but others (è, ê, etc.) permitted.

The vowels are usually pronounced as follows:

The consonants are pronounced as in English, with the following exceptions:

Like English, Interlingue has a definite article and an indefinite article. The definite article (the) is "li", and the indefinite (a, an) is "un". Plural of a noun is made by adding "-s" after a vowel, or "-es" after most consonants. To avoid pronunciation and stress changes, words ending in -c, -g, and -m only add an -s: un libre, du libres, un angul, tri angules, li tric, li trics, li plug, li plugs, li album, pluri albums, li tram, du trams.

Interlingue has two forms for the personal pronouns: one for the subject form (nominative), and the other for the object form (accusative or dative).
Grammatical endings are used, but less than in Esperanto and Ido. Esperanto and Ido mark parts of speech with obligatory endings. Only a few parts of speech (such as verb infinitives) in Interlingue have entirely obligatory endings, while many others either have endings the usage of which is optional and sometimes recommended. Some grammatical endings are:


Verbs in Interlingue have three endings: -ar, -er, and -ir. Conjugation is performed with a combination of endings and auxiliary verbs. The verb esser (to be) is exceptional in being written es in the present tense, though the esse form is seen in the imperative.

Interlingue has primary adverbs and derived adverbs. Primary adverbs are adverbs without special endings: "tre" (very), "sempre" (always), etc.

Derived adverbs are adverbs made by putting -men at the end of an adjective (rapid = quick, rapidmen = quickly). The ending may be omitted when the meaning is clear: tu deve far it rapid(men) = you must do it quick(ly).

The main literary texts in Occidental appeared in "Cosmoglotta". There were also some works, both original and translated, published in Interlingue. Other texts appeared in the magazine Helvetia but these were less common. "Micri chrestomathie" is an example of a translated work, featuring a compilation of texts by Jaroslav Podobský, H. Pášma and Jan Kajš published in 1933.

Some original texts published as separate books are:

Some translations are:



Commitment scheme

In cryptography, a commitment scheme is a way for a someone to tell something to someone without letting other people know. Someone would do this to make sure they can prove who they are. Someone also might do this to make sure that someone does not cheat.

This is done by using a one-way function to change a string into a hash. This is called the "commit phase". Later, if someone needs to prove that they were the one who made the commitment, then they can tell people the original string they used. This is called the "reveal phase".

One-way function

In cryptography, a one-way function is a function that is very simple to compute (figure out) in one direction. There is a series of instructions that can be simply and easily applied to an input to give a complicated output. However the reverse of going from the output to the input is made to be as difficult as possible.

SHA hash functions

In cryptography, the Secure Hashing Algorithms are a group of cryptographic hash functions released by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). The algorithms take an input and produce a "hash" value (often shown in hexadecimal). The length of the "hash" depends on the digest length of the algorithm.


The Secure Hashing Algorithms, being Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) compliant algorithms are subject to the Cryptographic Algorithm Validation Program

Border Gateway Protocol

The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the main routing protocol of the Internet. It decides how data gets from one place to another on the Internet. It was made to get rid of the EGP routing protocol to make the Internet more independent.

Most Internet users don't use BGP. It is the ISPs who use it to talk to other ISPs so they can send and get data from each other. It is one of the most important protocols of the Internet.


GPRS Tunneling Protocol

GPRS Tunneling Protocol (GTP) is a group of protocols to send and receive data over cellular phone networks.

Power metal

Power metal is a type of heavy metal music that mixes traditional metal with thrash metal or speed metal. There are two types of power metal. One comes from North America that sounds more like speed metal, and a more popular one from Europe (especially Finland, Germany, Italy, Scandinavia) and Japan that usually sounds happier and usually uses keyboards. It is usually characterized by high, clean, melodic vocals, fantasy based lyrics as well as complex and fast lead guitar solos.

Some of the most popular European style bands include:

Defense Support Program

The Defense Support Program (DSP) is a group of satellites that orbit the Earth. They are owned by the United States Air Force to run the "Satellite Early Warning System" used by the United States. DSP satellites are used to detect missile and spacecraft launches. DSP is also used to detect nuclear explosions. It does this by using infrared sensors on the satellite.

Blackheath

Blackheath can be any of the following:


Blackheath, Surrey

Blackheath is a village in Surrey near Guildford. 


Bandipur National Park

Bandipur National Park is a national park in India. It contains Gaurs and Asian Elephants, as well as tigers. In 1973 it was decided that Bandipur National Park would be protected as a place for tigers to live safely, as part of a project called 'Project Tiger'. 

The national park has an area of 874.20 km. 

Urban legend

An urban legend is an often circulated story that is not necessarily based on truth, but merely conjecture and rumor. However, there may or may not be a grain of truth from which the story originated.

The Internet has made it easier for urban legends to spread, as people often spread them to their friends or family using e-mail. As a result, some websites such as Snopes.com and TruthOrFiction.com, among others, have been made that look at urban legends and try to see whether or not they are true.

An example of an urban legend is a report that years after the defeat of St Clair in 1791 at Ft Recovery Mercer Country Ohio - a skeleton of a Captain Roger Vanderberg was found in Miami County Ohio inside a tree along with a diary; in fact no one of this name was a casualty of the 1791 battle - it was a story that orginated in 1864 from a Scottish novel! Another example of a urban legend is a young woman and her mother going to visit the Paris Exposition; the mother falls ill, the daughter rushes off to get help only to find her mother gone! The woman either goes insane or is told the truth-her mother had the plague which was the reason for the coverup. This became the premise of a 1950s movie "So Long at the Fair". In fact the basis for the legend was a story in 1897 in a Philadelphia newspaper...and no other sources in fact!

Other urban legends concern the Chase Burial Vault in Barbadoes although the lone account has no other basis in fact. Another urban legend concerns organized crime: In New York city at the turn of the century there was a "Murder Stable" where criminals killed one another. In fact, the report was exaggerated. Allegedly, an unknown killer named "Shotgun Man" committed dozens of murders with a shotgun in Chicago, Illinois after the turn of the century between 1910 and 1911 - although a check of a database of Chicago murders from that time period shows only one shotgun killings between 1900 and 1920.

Prague (disambiguation)

Prague is the capital of the Czech Republic.

Prague can also be any of the following:


Ashdown Forest

Ashdown Forest is a forest in the county of East Sussex, in South East England.

Thuringian Forest

The Thuringian Forest is a forest in the German state of Thuringia. It is about long and wide. The highest elevation is the "Großer Beerberg", at .

Gertrude (crater)

Gertrude is the biggest crater on Uranus's moon Titania that we know about. It is nearly 326 kilometers across, which is about twenty percent of the moons' diameter.

Powell's Books

Powell's Books is a bookstore in Portland, Oregon, United States. It has seven locations. It says it is the world's largest independent new and used bookstore in the world with more than one million (1,000,000) books on its shelves. The main store covers an entire city block between West Burnside Street, NW Couch Street, NW 10th and 11th avenues.

The bookstore began in 1971.
In 2002, "USA Today" said Powell's was one of America's ten best bookstores.

Powell's wants to add as much as two floors to the store's southeast corner—at least . The plan was submitted to the City of Portland to be approved in November 2008.

Orange-bellied euphonia

The Orange-bellied euphonia ("Euphonia xanthogaster") is a species of bird in the Fringillidae (finch) family. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.

Hurricane Floyd

Hurricane Floyd was the strongest, costliest, and deadliest hurricane of the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season. Floyd, at first looked as if it were headed for Florida as a category 4 hurricane. It was about twice as large as Hurricane Andrew, which if Floyd struck Florida it could have caused even more damage than Andrew. Instead of striking Florida, Floyd struck North Carolina and caused flooding from North Carolina up to some states in New England. Floyd left $4.5 billion in damage from Florida to Maine. Floyd also killed about 76-86 people in the United States. One person was also killed in the Bahamas.

The name Floyd got retired in the Spring of 2000. The name Franklin was used in 2005 instead.

Hurricane Gert (1999)

Hurricane Gert was the fourth of five major hurricanes in the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed on September 11 of the coast of Africa. It reached its greatest strength on September 15, when its winds were at 150 mph (240 km/h). It gradually curved northwest and then north, passing a short distance east of Burmuda. The hurricane's center did not make landfall, but it did cause many poweroutages.

On September 23, Gert became an extratropical storm as it turned northeast and became absorbed into another storm system. While it passed southeast of Atlantic Canada, strong waves hit Newfoundland which caused heavy marine damage.

Hurricane Irene (1999)

Hurricane Irene was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm caused heavy damage across Florida and North Carolina in October 1999. Irene developed in the western Caribbean Sea on October 13 from a tropical wave.

Irene was a wet hurricane for Florida, similar to many hurricanes of the 1930s and 1940s. In North Carolina and Virginia, the storm produced heavy rainfall of more than 10 inches.

Irene caused 18 deaths and $800 million in damage in the United States.

Tropical Storm Katrina (1999)

Tropical Storm Katrina was a short-lived, weak tropical cyclone that produced minor damage across areas previously devastated by Hurricane Mitch in 1998.

Hurricane Lenny

Hurricane Lenny was the last major hurricane, hurricane, named storm and depression of the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season. There are three main reasons to remember Lenny. One, it was strongest November Atlantic hurricane; two, the damage it caused in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and three, it moved the opposite way storms usually moved across the Caribbean Sea. Some people at the National Hurricane Center nicknamed it "Wrong Way Lenny". Lenny left $330 million in damage, this amount is likely not all the damage. This is because it was reported for U.S. territories only, such as Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.

Because the damage was high and likely higher, the name Lenny was retired. In 2005 the name Lee was used instead. The name Lee in 2005 was not retired, so Lee is on the list for 2011 and 2017.

1980 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1980 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1980, and ended on November 30, 1980. This season had about average activity with 15 storms, of which 11 got named. This season featured the very powerful Hurricane Allen.

In the spring of 1981 the name "Allen" was retired and replaced by Andrew in 1986.


Nitrile

A nitrile is a chemical compound with a -C=N functional group. It smells like a fruit, and can be a type of poison.

1981 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1981 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1981 and ended on November 30, 1981. However this season a storm formed on May 6. This season was high in activity. The only notable storms of this season were Hurricane Dennis, Tropical Depression Eight, and Hurricane Katrina. Hurricane Dennis and Tropical Depression Eight caused the most damage. However, Hurricane Katrina was the only storm that killed people in 1981.

No names were retired in 1982. As a result, all names would be repeated in 1987.


Willem Wissing

Willem Wissing, also known as William Wissing (1656, Amsterdam or The Hague - 10 Sep 1687 Burghley House), was a Dutch portrait artist. He painted many famous people of the day, including William III of England,Mary II of England,Anne of Great Britain.

Teosinte

The teosintes are a group of large grasses of the genus Zea found in Mexico, Guatemala and Nicaragua. 

There are five recognized species of teosinte: "Zea diploperennis", "Zea perennis", "Zea luxurians", "Zea nicaraguensis" and "Zea mays". 

Burj Al Arab

The Burj Al Arab is a hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is the fourth largest hotel in the world. It is very expensive to stay at the Burj Al Arab. It is known as the world's only 7 star hotel. On the top of the Burj Al-Arab there is a helipad which is sometimes used as a tennis court for high paying guests. The hotel was built by South African construction contractor Murray & Roberts. The hotel cost $650 million to build.

El Toralín

The Bercian Association in Defense of the Leonese Language "El Toralín" ("Asociación Berciana en defensa de la Llingua Llïonesa El Toralín", in Leonese language) was a Leonese association from El Bierzo that promoted Leonese language in that shire, born in 2006.

This association developed two Leonese language courses in Ponferrada (Province of Llión), and some campaigns for promoting the knwoledge of Leonese language in the shire. They also participated in other activities as Leonese Language Day, Mother Language Day, and collaborated in publcations like "Cuentos del Sil", where writers from the shire wrote a collective book with simple stories in Leonese language.



Cuentos del Sil

Cuentos del Sil (Tales of the Sil) is a Leonese language book written by nine leonese language writers. It was sponsored by the Provincial Government of León, and Leonese language associations "El Fueyu" and "El Toralín". The authors com from the Sil Valley, specially from El Bierzu and it is the collective book in the Leonese language where there are more authors.

The writers are from teenagers to those who are in their eighties:




List of Leonese-language writers

This is a list of writers who have worked in the Leonese language (Llingua Llïonesa in Leonese), a language developed from Vulgar Latin with contributions from the pre-Roman languages which were spoken in the territory of the Spanish provinces of León, Zamora, and Salamanca and in some villages in the District of Bragança, Portugal. The Leonese language belongs to Leonese or Astur-Leonese subgroup of Iberian languages.




Stockman

In Australia, a stockman is the name given to a person who looks after the livestock on large farms known as a station. Stations are owned by a or a grazing company. A stockman can also be the persons employed at abattoirs, feedlots, on live export ships or with stock and station agencies.

People who work on station, including stockmen, are also known as “station hands”. Men learning how to become station managers are known as "jackaroos", while women are known as "jillaroos". Girls are often stockmen on farms. Some stations are now making it easier for women to work on stations by building female living quarters and putting in machinery to do some of the heavy work.

A related job is that of the drover, who, like the shearer may be an temporary seasonal worker. Drovers are employed in looking after the livestock while they are travelling on a stock route. 

The word "stockman" was used in the United States and Canada as meaning a person who raised livestock, mainly cattle. The word "stockgrower" is used now. This meaning is very different from the Australian use of the word "stockman".

Riemann zeta function

In mathematics, the Riemann zeta function is an important function in number theory. It is related to the distribution of prime numbers. It also has uses in other areas such as physics, probability theory, and applied statistics. It is named after the German mathematician Bernhard Riemann, who wrote about it in the memoir "", published in 1859. 

The Riemann hypothesis is a conjecture about the distribution of the zeros of the Riemann zeta function. Many mathematicians consider the Riemann hypothesis to be the most important unsolved problem in pure mathematics.

When using mathematical symbols to describe the Riemann zeta function, it is represented as an analytic continuation of infinite series:
where formula_2 is the real part of the complex number formula_3. For example, if formula_4, then formula_5 (where formula_6).

This makes a sequence. The first few terms of this sequence would be, 

However, this doesn't apply for numbers where formula_8, since if we interpret this function as an infinite sum, the sum does not converge. Instead, it diverges. This means that instead of nearing a specific value, it will get infinitely large. Riemann used analytic continuation, so that he could give a value to all numbers except 1. formula_9 does not have a limit in that point and thus the function is not defined there. 

Leonhard Euler discovered the first results about the series that this function represents in the eighteenth century. He proved that the Zeta function can be written as an infinite product of prime numbers. In mathematical notation: 

formula_10

This is an infinite product. formula_11 means that only prime numbers are included in the product. The first few terms of the product would look like: 

Mathematicians are interested in those values of formula_3 for which the function is equal to zero. The Riemann hypothesis conjectures that all the "non-trivial zeros" lie on the critical line formula_14, meaning they are guessed to be of the form formula_15 for some real value "t". It is already known that all of the non-trivial zeroes must lie in a region called the "critical strip" for which formula_16. So far, all of the computed nontrivial zeros are on the critical line. 

Proving or disproving the hypothesis has been very difficult, and is still troubling mathematicians to this day.

Repeating for the next term:

Subtracting again we get:

where all elements having a factor of 3 or 2 (or both) are removed.

It can be seen that the right side is being sieved. Repeating infinitely for formula_19 where formula_20 is prime, we get:

Dividing both sides by everything but the ζ("s") we obtain:


Eva González (Leonese language writer)

Eva González was a Spanish writer. She was born in Palacios del Sil (province of Llión, Spain) in 1918. She died in León in 2007. She has a dedicated street in León city for her contribution to the literature in Leonese language.

She wrote:


Collective books:



Barbadian British

Barbadian British people are people in the United Kingdom who were either born in Barbados or have ancestors who were born there. In 2001 over 20,000 British people were born in Barbados, and as stated above there were also many British born people of Barbadian descent. They are a subgroup of the larger Black British community. There are many famous Barbadian British people including footballer Ashley Cole.

Star Trek: The Motion Picture

Star Trek: The Motion Picture was the first movie set in the "Star Trek" universe. It was made in 1979 by Paramount Pictures. A strange and dangerous alien cloud called V'ger is coming straight at Earth, destroying everything in its path. Admiral James T. Kirk becomes captain of his old ship - the USS Enterprise - to save the Earth.


Star Trek III: The Search for Spock

Star Trek III: The Search for Spock was the third movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1984 by Paramount Pictures. It happens after the events of the last movie, "". The crew of the USS Enterprise go home to Earth after losing their friend Spock. Admiral James T. Kirk finds out that Spock's essence (his soul) is inside Leonard McCoy. They return to Genesis, where Spock died, to find his remains and take them to Vulcan.

Star Trek V: The Final Frontier

Star Trek V: The Final Frontier was the fifth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1989 by Paramount Pictures. It happens after the events of "". Spock's half-brother Sybok goes on a spiritual journey to find "God" and takes the Enterprise to the centre of the galaxy.

Dracaena sanderiana

Dracaena sanderiana, also called Ribbon Dracaena, Lucky Bamboo, Belgian Evergreen or sometimes Ribbon Plant, is a kind of "Dracaena". It comes from . It is one of a group of small, shrubby plants with slender stems and flexible strap-shaped leaves. They grow in rainforests as an upright shrub that can be up to 1.5 m tall. Its leaves are 15-25 cm long and 1.5-4 cm broad at the base. It is sold in the developed world as "Lucky Bamboo" often cited as being good for feng shui. This name is a misnomer however, as the plant is not related to bamboo. New plants come from short cuttings which are often kept in water.

"Dracaena sanderiana" and related plants are popular houseplants. There are many cultivars. The plant can survive in many indoor conditions, but indirect lighting is best. Direct sunlight can cause the leaves to turn yellow and burn.

Although it grows better in soil, it often is sold with the roots in water. The water should be completely changed every two weeks. The water should be bottled water, soft tap water with very little fluoride, or even water from a filtered, established aquarium. It does best in bright, indirect lighting and temperatures between 15 °C and 25 °C.

Pet stores often sell this plant in black plastic pots with slots in them. They say that it can live under the water. "Dracaena sanderiana" will only live for a few months under the water. It will start to rot unless the leaves are allowed to grow above the water's surface.

Yellow or brown leaf edges may be caused by too much direct light, crowded roots, or fluoridated or chlorinated water. Salty or softened water can also cause brown leaf edges. 

Twisted shapes are made by rotating the plant so that it bends towards the light. This is hard to do for many people, but patient people can make the plant take on new shapes.


1974 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1974 Atlantic hurricane season began on June 1, 1974 and ended on November 30, 1974. This season was about average in activity 11 storms, 7 of which got named. This season was one of the deadliest on record, most deaths were caused by Hurricane Fifi. This season also had the most Subtropical storms (4).


In 1975 the names Carmen and Fifi were retired.


1972 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1972 Atlantic hurricane season began on June 1, 1972 and ended on November 30, 1972. 1972 had a very inactive hurricane season with only 7 storms all were named this was one of the seasons that subtropical storms had a separate naming list. One of the only notable storms this season Hurricane Agnes which at that time it was the costliest hurricane in US history.


This is the list of names that were set aside for the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season. Name that were not used are marked in 

Agnes was retired in 1973.

Dracaena

Dracaena is a genus of about 40 trees and succulent shrubs. 

The name comes from Ancient Greek "drakaina", meaning female dragon. Most of them are native to tropical Africa, some occur in Southeast Asia, and tropical South America. They are usually classified into "Dragon trees" and "shrubby dracenas" according to how they grow. The latter are also often grown as house plants.

Probable prime

In mathematics, particularly number theory, a probable prime is a whole number that is likely to be prime by having passed a probabilistic test such as Fermat's primality test. Probable primes may be composite, but the tests are designed so they are really unlikely to be composite. These probabilistic tests are easier to do than tests that actually guarantee primality, and the composite probable primes are useful too in encryption that uses prime numbers.


1960 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season began June 1, 1960 and ended November 30, 1960. This season had low activity, with only 7 storms. This season featured the powerful, Hurricane Donna and also Hurricane Ethel.

The name "Donna" was retired.


Bolingbroke Castle

Bolingbroke Castle is at Bolingbroke (or Old Bolingbroke) in Lincolnshire. Henry IV of England was born here. This is why he is sometimes called Henry Bolingbroke.

10370 Hylonome

10370 Hylonome is an asteroid orbiting in the farther part of the solar system. It belongs to the group of icy minor planets called "centaurs", with an orbit that crosses the orbits of Neptune and Uranus. It was found on February 27, 1995.

Sightings with the Spitzer Space Telescope show that its diameter is about 70 km (43 miles) plus or minus 20 km (50 to 90 km in diameter), or a 35 km radius.


Orbitron

The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth. It was lost for many years until it was found again in Mexico in 2007. 

Built in 1964, the car ran with a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and a Powerglide automatic transmission. The body was made by hand out of fiberglass. The driver sat in a cockpit set all the way to the back of the car. This was where racing drivers sat when they drove a drag racing car. It was lined with a funny-looking material called "fake fur" and it even had an 11" General Electric portable television in the console. On top of the cockpit was a top made of heavy, clear plastic. A top like this is called a "bubble top" since it looks like half of a soap bubble sitting on top of the driver. It raised up by itself with the push of a doorbell button on top of the hood. The hood raised by itself as well when a different button was pushed.

Roth built the frame himself out of box-shaped steel tubing. The engine came from one of his 1955 Chevrolets. He removed it so that he could put in a newer, larger V8 engine given to him by General Motors. The Orbitron was one of the very few cars which MRoth thought was a "mistake" after he built it. He was very proud of the shiny chrome work he did to the engines and frames of his cars; the Orbitron's engine and frame were covered by the body. The Orbitron was one of his few custom cars to even have a hood. It was said that the automatic hood did not fit well.

The Orbitron's most fun feature was its front end. It had three red, green and blue tinted headlamps. It was thought that combining the lights would make a white light; the idea came from color television.

Another car builder, Darryl Starbird, bought the Orbitron from Mr. Roth in 1967 for US$750.00. Mr. Starbird traded it to a man in Texas, but Mr. Starbird does not remember the man's name. From Texas the Orbitron was traded to a carnival owner in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico in 1991. By that time the special nose had been cut off and thrown away, possibly to help keep the engine cool as it was driven around the carnivals.

Michael Lightbourn, a man who restores old cars, heard that the Orbitron was in Ciudad Juárez. He discovered it parked in front of an adult bookstore where it was in very poor shape and was being used as a trash can. 
The car, which used to be painted blue, had been spray painted in black and was almost complete except for the hood, the television, the fur lining, the cut-off nose and the bubble top. The top had to be destroyed in the early 1970s when it became stuck and trapped someone inside. 

The family who owned the bookstore had also owned the carnival in which the car was used. After Mr. Lightbourn made a deal with the family, he was able to bring the Orbitron to the United States. It was then sold to Beau Boeckmann, the host of the TV show "Pimp My Ride." He fully restored the Orbitron in 100 days. He made it exactly like it was when it was new. All the original parts which could not be used and which Mr. Boeckmann removed from the car, including the frame which was too rusted to reuse, were stored away. Mr. Roth died in 2001, but Mr. Boeckmann was able to get help from men who helped design and build the car in 1964, including designer Ed "Newt" Newton and painter Larry Watson. The inside was redone by Joe Perez who did the original job.

The restoration even includes the same type of television. A small tape recorder and tape were found hidden in the cockpit. This was played when the car was new. It told people who were looking at the car what made it special and it still works today. Planet Plastics of Chino, California, the original company which made the bubble top, was asked to create a replacement. Little bits of the car's original "candy blue" color (similar to a very fancy color called "candy apple red") were found inside the car. They were used to match the color of the new paint. The original Chevrolet engine with its very special carburetors and Chevrolet Corvette aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and put back in the Orbitron.

It is on the cover of the March 2009 edition of "Hot Rod Deluxe", a "retro" version of "Hot Rod Magazine".

Edmund of Woodstock, 1st Earl of Kent

Edmund of Woodstock, 1st Earl of Kent (5 August, 1301 – 19 March, 1330) was a member of the English Royal Family.The youngest surviving son of Edward I of England.

Tarragon

Tarragon ("Artemisia dracunculus"), also known as estragon, is a perennial herb in the family Asteraceae. It is native to a wide area of the Northern Hemisphere from the easternmost parts of Europe to across central and eastern Asia and India, western North America, and south to northern Mexico. Tarragon grows to 120–150 cm tall, with slender branched stems.

List of cities in Wisconsin

The following is a list of cities in Wisconsin, by letter:

Couderay, Wisconsin

Couderay is a village in Sawyer County in Wisconsin in the United States. It is on the Couderay River. In the census of 2010, there were 88 people, 35 households, and 20 families living in the village.


Couderay River

The Couderay River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in the northwestern part of Wisconsin. That means it flows into the Chippewa River.


Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country

Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country was the sixth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was the last movie to be about the crew from "". It was made in 1991 by Paramount Pictures. The Klingons turn to the United Federation of Planets for help when their world is in danger. The crew of the USS Enterprise must help keep the peace.

Star Trek: Generations

Star Trek: Generations is the seventh movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1994 by Paramount Pictures. It is the first movie to have the crew from the television series "". Captain Kirk and Picard meet in a place called the Nexus where time is meaningless.

Star Trek: First Contact

Star Trek: First Contact is the eighth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1996 by Paramount Pictures. The Borg travel back in time to destroy "Phoenix", the Earth's first warp ship. Captain Picard and his crew must follow them to save the Earth from assimilation by the Borg.

The movie was very successful at the box office. The movie also got very good reviews from movie critics.


Star Trek: Insurrection

Star Trek: Insurrection is the ninth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 1998 by Paramount Pictures. Captain Picard fights a Starfleet admiral who wants to move a race from their planet to use its natural resources.


Star Trek: Nemesis

Star Trek: Nemesis is the tenth movie set in the Star Trek universe. It was made in 2002 by Paramount Pictures. The Romulans create a clone of Captain Picard, and the clone tries to destroy the Federation.


FC Motocross

FC Motocross is a football club which played in the town of Macau. They played in 3 division of Macau.


Stan Lee

Stan Lee (born Stanley Martin Lieber ; December 28, 1922 – November 12, 2018) was an American comic book writer, editor, and publisher. Lee was known for being Marvel Comics' creative leader for almost 21 years.

With his work alongside co-writer/artists Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, he co-created many popular fictional characters, including superheroes Spider-Man, the X-Men, Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Black Panther, Daredevil, Doctor Strange, Captain America, and Ant-Man.

After he retired from Marvel in the 1990s, he was still the public face of the company, and made cameo appearances in movies based on Marvel characters. Meanwhile, he continued independent creative works into his 1990s, until his death in 2018.

Lee was added into the comic book industry's Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1995. He received the NEA's National Medal of Arts in 2008 from President George W. Bush.

Lee was born on December 28, 1922, in Manhattan, New York City, in the apartment of his Romanian-born Jewish immigrant parents. His parents were Celia ("née" Solomon) and Jack Lieber, at the corner of West 98th Street and West End Avenue. His father, trained as a dress cutter, worked only sporadically after the Great Depression, His family moved further uptown in Manhattan, in Washington Heights, Manhattan. Lee had one younger brother named Larry Lieber.

At an early age, Lee was inspired by books and movies, especially those with Errol Flynn playing heroic roles. By the time Lee was in his teens, the family was living in an apartment in The Bronx. Lee described it as "a third-floor apartment facing out back". Lee and his brother shared the bedroom, while their parents slept on a foldout couch.

Lee attended DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx. He enjoyed writing, and had dreams of one day writing the "Great American Novel". He said that in his youth he worked such part-time jobs as writing obituaries for newspapers for the National Tuberculosis Center. He delivered sandwiches for the Jack May pharmacy to offices in Rockefeller Center, worked at the Rivoli Theater on Broadway, and sold subscriptions to the "New York Herald Tribune" newspaper. He graduated from high school early in 1939 and joined the WPA Federal Theatre Project.

With the help of his uncle Robbie Solomon, Lee became an assistant in 1939 at the new Timely Comics division of pulp magazine and comic-book publisher Martin Goodman's company. By the 1960s, they would evolve into Marvel Comics.

His first role in the comics were, as Lee described in 2009: "In those days [the artists] dipped the pen in ink, [so] I had to make sure the inkwells were filled...I went down and got them their lunch, I did proofreading, I erased the pencils from the finished pages for them". Lee made his comic-book debut with the text filler "Captain America Foils the Traitor's Revenge" in "Captain America Comics" #3 (May 1941). This is where he first used the pseudonym Stan Lee, which years later he would become his legal name. Lee later explained that he was so embarrassed that he used a pen name so that nobody would associate his real name with comics when he some day wrote the Great American Novel.

Lee's first superhero co-creation was the Destroyer, in "Mystic Comics" #6 (August 1941). Other characters he co-created during this period, which was called the Golden Age of Comic Books, include Jack Frost and Father Time.

In 1941, Lee, just under 19 years old, became interim editor. He soon became the comic-book division's editor-in-chief, as well as art director for much of that time, until 1972, when he became publisher.

Lee entered the United States Army in early 1942. He was a member of the Signal Corps, repairing telegraph poles and other communications equipment. He was later transferred to the Training Film Division, where he worked writing manuals, training movies, slogans, and cartooning. The army classified Lee as a "playwright", making him one of the nine men in the U.S. Army were given that title. Lee returned from his World War II military service in 1945.

In the mid-1950s, the company was known as Atlas Comics, Lee wrote stories of many genres including romance, Westerns, humour science fiction, medieval adventure, horror and suspense. By the end of the decade, Lee was not happy with his career and thought about quitting the field.

In the late 1950s, DC Comics created the Justice League making comic book superheros more popular. In response, publisher Lee was hired to come up with a new superhero team. Lee's wife, Joan, said that he experiment with stories he liked, since he was planning on changing careers and had nothing to lose.

Lee followed his wife's advice and created a set of heroes with character flaws because many heroes before were seen as nearly perfect beings.

The first superheroes Lee and artist Jack Kirby created together were the Fantastic Four. They became popular which led Lee and Marvel's illustrators to create new heroes. Again working with Kirby, Lee co-created the Hulk, Thor, Iron Man, and the X-Men; with Bill Everett, Daredevil; and with Steve Ditko, Doctor Strange and Marvel's most successful character, Spider-Man. As a result, Lee created a shared universe between the fictional heroes. Lee and Kirby combined several of their newly created characters together into the team title "The Avengers".

Lee's revolution extended beyond the characters and storylines to the way in which comic books engaged the readership and built a sense of community between fans and creators. He introduced the practice of regularly including a credit panel on the splash page of each story, naming not just the writer and penciller but also the inker and letterer. Regular news about Marvel staff members and upcoming storylines was presented on the Bullpen Bulletins page, which (like the letter columns that appeared in each title) was written in a friendly, chatty style. Lee remarked that his goal was for fans to think of the comics creators as friends, and considered it a mark of his success on this front that, at a time when letters to other comics publishers were typically addressed "Dear Editor", letters to Marvel addressed the creators by first name (e.g. "Dear Stan and Jack").

In the 1960s, Lee wrote, drew and edited most of Marvel's series and wrote a monthly column called "Stan's Soapbox". He wrote endless promotional copy, often signing off with his trademark motto, "Excelsior!". Lee would brainstorm a story with the artist and then prepare a short synopsis rather than a full script. Based on the synopsis, the artist would fill the number of pages left by determining and drawing the panel-to-panel storytelling.

After Ditko's left Marvel in 1966, John Romita Sr. became Lee's collaborator on "The Amazing Spider-Man". Within a year, it overtook "Fantastic Four" to become the company's top seller. Lee and Romita's stories focused as much on the social and college lives of the characters as they did on Spider-Man's adventures. The stories talked about issues at the time such as the Vietnam War, political elections, and student activism. Lee created the Black Panther, an African king who would be mainstream comics' first black superhero.

Lee and artist John Buscema created "The Silver Surfer" series in August 1968.

The following year, Lee and Gene Colan created the Falcon, comics' first African-American superhero in "Captain America" #117 (September 1969). Then in 1971, Lee helped change the Comics Code. The U. S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare had asked Lee to write a comic-book story about the dangers of drugs. As a result, Lee created a three-issue story in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #96–98 (cover-dated May–July 1971), in which Peter Parker's best friend becomes addicted to prescription drugs. The Comics Code Authority did not approve of this because the stories depicted drug use. However, Lee had the story published without the seal of approval from the authority. The comics sold well and Marvel had positive reviews for its focus on mature social issues.

Lee supported using comic books to criticize social events about the real world, often talking about racism and bigotry.

In 1972, Lee stopped writing monthly comic books to become publisher. His final issue of "The Amazing Spider-Man" was #110 (July 1972) and his last "Fantastic Four" was #125 (August 1972).

Lee became a public face for Marvel Comics. He made appearances at comic book conventions around America, teaching at colleges and participating in panel discussions. Lee created the Spider-Man newspaper comic strip on January 3, 1977. Lee's final work with Jack Kirby, "The Silver Surfer: The Ultimate Cosmic Experience", was published in 1978. Lee and John Buscema produced the first issue of "The Savage She-Hulk" (February 1980). 

Lee moved to California in 1981 to work on Marvel's television and movie properties. Lee was briefly president of the entire company, but soon stepped down to become publisher instead. Lee said that being president of the company was too much about numbers and finance and not enough about the creative process he enjoyed.

Lee stepped away from regular duties at Marvel in the 1990s. He continued to receive an annual salary of $1 million as Chairman Emeritus. In 1998 he and Peter Paul began a new Internet-based superhero creation, production, and marketing studio, Stan Lee Media. After legal issues, Stan Lee Media filed for bankruptcy in February 2001.

Following the success of Fox Studio's 2000 "X-Men" movie and Sony's then-current "Spider-Man" movie, Lee sued Marvel in 2002. He sued company because he believed they failed to pay him the 10% he was due under the terms of his contract for movies featuring the characters he had co-created. They settled in 2005 for an unknown amount of money.

At the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con International, Lee announced his YouTube channel, "Stan Lee's World of Heroes", which airs programs created by Lee, Mark Hamill, Peter David, Adrianne Curry and Bonnie Burton, among others. Lee wrote the book "Zodiac", released in January 2015, with Stuart Moore.

At the 2016 Comic-Con International, Lee introduced his digital graphic novel "Stan Lee's God Woke". The print-book version won the 2017 Independent Publisher Book Awards' Outstanding Books of the Year Independent Voice Award.

Lee was an executive producer on most Marvel movie and television shows beginning with the 1990 direct-to-video "Captain America" movie. He had cameo appearances in many Marvel movies and television shows, especially those within the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

In a 2002, survey of whether he believed in God, he said: "Well, let me put it this way... [Pauses.] No, I'm not going to try to be clever. I really don't know. I just don't know".

From 1945 to 1947, Lee lived in Manhattan. He married Joan Clayton Boocock on December 5, 1947, and in 1949, the couple bought a house on Long Island, living there through 1952. Their daughter Joan Celia "J. C." Lee was born in 1950. Another child, daughter Jan Lee, died three days after delivery in 1953.

Lee lived in the Long Island town of Hewlett Harbor, New York, from 1952 to 1980. They also owned a condominium in Manhattan from 1975 to 1980. He moved in Los Angeles in 1981, they bought a home in West Hollywood, California.

In September 2012, Lee had surgery to add a pacemaker.

On July 6, 2017, his wife of 69 years, Joan, died of complications from a stroke, aged 95. In April 2018, "The Hollywood Reporter" said that Lee was a victim of elder abuse.

Lee died at the age of 95 on November 12, 2018 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. The cause was respiratory and congestive heart failure. Earlier that year, Lee publicly said that he had pneumonia in February and was rushed to the hospital for worsening conditions at around the same time.



Reinhard Heydrich

Reinhard Tristan Eugen Heydrich (born ; 7 March 1904 ; Halle an der Salle,Prussia, Germany- died ; 4 June 1942 ; Prague,Nazi-German Occupied Czechoslovakia). He was a high-ranking German Nazi SS-Gestapo officer before and during World War 2. 

Heydrich was a former navy officer who became the most and feared Nazi in the SS and the Gestapo Secret Polices. His enemies in Czechoslovakia gave him various nicknames: (The Hangman, The Butcher Of Prague, The Blond Beast, Himmler's Evil Genius, Young Evil God Of Death, The Man With The Iron Heart).

He executed Jewish people and children. He ordered the Waffen-SS and the Einsatzgruppen to execute people in Prague,Czechoslovakia (Today : Czech Republic). Reinhard Heydrich wore black in the SS and the Gestapo from 1933-1939. He wore grey from 1938-1942 and feldgrau (gray-green from 1941-1942. He also wore blue in the Luftwaffe from 1933-1941. He also ordered Adolf Eichmann to organise the Trains during the Holocaust where Eichmann sent them to Poland at Auschwitz. 

In 1922 he joined the Reichsmarine, the German Navy of the Weimar Era. Early in 1931 he was dismissed from the Navy by Admiral Erich Raeder for ungentlemanly behavior, namely breech of promise to marry. He had already met another woman, a Nazi who could get him a job with the Nazi Party. As soon as he was out of the Navy he joined the party and soon joined the SS (led by Heinrich Himmler). Later that year, he married his Nazi girlfriend. He also joined the Gestapo in 1933 when Adolf Hitler came to power and the Luftwaffe later. 

In June 1934 he was involved in Night of the Long Knives (1934) to kill Ernst Röhm the head of the SA and was promoted the Head Of The Gestapo afterwards. He was also involved in the Spanish Civil War in 1936-1939 in the Luftwaffe and as well as Night Of The Broken Glass (1938) after Anschluss (1938). During World War II he was involved in the Invasion of Poland (1939) and the German Invasion Of Denmark and Norway in 1940 and the Battle of France. He flew a fighter plane in Operation Barbarossa (1941) but was shot down by Soviet Anti-aircraft warfare. Lastly, he was sent to Prague to execute people and crush the Czech resistance in Prague. 

Heydrich became German SS-Obergruppenführer (General) of the "Sicherheitsdienst". He was the head of the RSHA, which included the police and the Gestapo in 1941 . He was one of those responsible for the Holocaust in 1941.

In 1941 Hermann Göring gave Heydrich the order to arrange the "Final Solution". Heydrich also governed Bohemia and Moravia. He was attacked in Prague on 27 May 1942 by Czech and Slovak soldiers trained by the British Special Operations Executive (SOE). They had been sent (with a small support team) by the Czechoslovak government-in-exile. Heydrich died a week later in the hospital from sepsis caused by his injuries. Afterwards the Germans killed the male population of the village Lidice for helping the assassins. Ernst Kaltenbrunner replaced Heydrich after his death. 

Reinhard Heydrich was depicted in fiction:

Bruno Loerzer

Bruno Loerzer (January 22, 1891 in Berlin - August 23, 1960 in Hamburg) was an officer in the German air force during World War I and Luftwaffe during World War II. He was a friend of Hermann Göring.

He was awarded various medals, including the Pour le Mérite and the Iron Cross.

Pour le Mérite

The Pour le Mérite, was an medal during World War I and is also known as the Blue Max (). It was the Kingdom of Prussia's highest military order until the end of World War I.

Berchtesgaden

Berchtesgaden (; "Berchtsgoan") is a municipality in the German Bavarian Alps. It is found in the south district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria, near the border to Austria. It lies north of the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden.

Condor Legion

The Condor Legion () was a unit of volunteers from the German Air Force ("Luftwaffe"). This group served during the Spanish Civil War of July 1936 to March 1939. Hugo Sperrle commanded the aircraft units of the Condor Legion and Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma commanded the non-aircraft units.

Test (wrestler)

Andrew James Robert Patrick Martin (March 17, 1975 – March 13, 2009) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation (later World Wrestling Entertainment) under the ring name Test. He last worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as "The Punisher" Andrew Martin.

While in the WWF/E Martin was a former European, Hardcore, and Intercontinental champion. In addition to singles success, Martin has won both the WCW Tag Team Championship and World Tag Team Championship with Booker T.

On March 13, 2009, Martin was found dead in his Tampa, Florida home 4 days before his 34th birthday. He is believed to have died the day before. It was ruled that his death was from an accidental overdose of oxycodone.




Yo La Tengo

Yo La Tengo is an American rock band. They formed in 1984. They play on the radio station WFMU in Jersey City, New Jersey.

Anise

Anise ("Pimpinella anisum"), also anís and aniseed is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae native to the eastern Mediterranean region and southwest Asia known for its flavor that resembles liquorice, fennel, and tarragon.

Anise was used to make the spiced wine, claret, in the Middle Ages.

7066 Nessus

7066 Nessus is a centaur (a type of icy planetoid) that was found by David L. Rabinowitz, working with Spacewatch, at Kitt Peak on April 26 1993. It was the second centaur found by him (5145 Pholus being his first), and the third centaur to be found (2060 Chiron was the first). It was officially announced on May 13, 1993 in IAUC 5789 with designation .

Nessus finishes one orbit around the Sun in 122.4 years, an eccentricity of 0.52 and an inclination to the ecliptic of 15.6 degrees. At perihelion (closest approach to the Sun), it moves closer to the Sun than Uranus, while at aphelion (farthest approach to the Sun) it goes even farther than Neptune.

The orbits of centaurs change from time to time because of interactions with the giant planets. Nessus is thought to have a fairly long orbital half-life of about 4.9 Myr.

Kibbutz

A kibbutz (, plural kibbutzim) is a type of farming settlement in modern Israel. In a kibbutz, everyone shares the work that is traditionally based on agriculture. The kibbutz is a form of communal living that combines socialism and Zionism. The word means "gathering" or "clustering".

Helena Bonham Carter

Helena Bonham Carter CBE (born 26 May 1966) is an Oscar-nominated British actress. She is famous for her appearances in blockbuster movies and period dramas. Bonham Carter is also known for appearing in many movies alongside Tim Burton (her ex-partner) and Johnny Depp.

She made her first appearance on screen in the K.M. Peyton movie, "A Pattern of Roses", before appearing in her first starring role in "Lady Jane". Some of her most famous roles include: Marla Singer in the movie "Fight Club", Bellatrix Lestrange in four "Harry Potter" movies, Elizabeth, the Queen Mother in "The King's Speech", the Red Queen in "Alice in Wonderland" and Princess Margaret in "The Crown".

She was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to drama.

Bonham Carter was born on 26 May 1966 in Golders Green, London, England.

Her mother, Elena, is a psychotherapist. Her father, Raymond Bonham Carter, was a banker and his maternal grandfather was H. H. Asquith, a former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Helena Bonham Carter's maternal grandfather, Eduardo Propper de Callejón, was half Spanish and half Jewish. Carter has two brothers: Edward and Thomas. She is a distant cousin of fellow actor, Crispin Bonham-Carter, who played Mr. Bingley in the BBC's production of Pride and Prejudice in 1995. Carter is related to Jane Bonham Carter, the Baroness of Yarnbury.

Carter attended the South Hampstead High School, a girls' school, in Hampstead, London. She later went to Westminster School near the Palace of Westminster. She was rejected from King's College, Cambridge University because they feared she would leave mid-year to follow her acting career. After the rejection, Carter decided to fully concentrate on acting instead of going to school. Carter speaks French fluently.

When Carter was five years old, her mother had a serious mental breakdown, which took her three years to recover from. After recovery, Carter's mother decided to become a psychotherapist. Carter now pays her mother to read scripts and provide her opinion of the characters' psychological motivations. A few years after her mother's recovery, Carter's father became deaf in one ear while on holiday in Greece. He was diagnosed with acoustic neuroma, and underwent an operation to remove a benign tumor. However, the surgery went very wrong; after 9 hours in surgery, Raymond, at 50 years of age, had a stroke that left him half-paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair. With Carter's two older brothers away at college, she alone was left to help her mother deal with issues.

Bonham Carter has not received any formal training in acting. In 1979 she won a national writing contest and used the prize money to pay for her entry into the actors directory 'Spotlight'. She made her first appearance at the age of 16 in a television commercial. She also had a minor part in a TV movie, "A Pattern of Roses" in 1983. Her first starring role was in "Lady Jane" in 1984, which received mix reviews. She played the Queen of England when she was cast as Anne Boleyn in the ITV1 mini-series, "Henry VIII". She was restricted in acting since she was pregnant with her first child at the time of filming.

Her breakthrough performance was in "A Room with a View" in 1985, when she played Lucy Honeychurch. Carter also appeared in episodes of "Miami Vice" as Don Johnson's love interest during the 1986-87 season. She auditioned for the role of Nancy Spungen in "Sid and Nancy" in 1986, but lost the role to Chloe Webb. These early roles led her to be typecast as a "corset queen", and "English rose." She expanded her acting range in more recent movies like "Fight Club", "Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit", and in Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", "Corpse Bride", "Big Fish", and "Sweeney Todd".

Bonham Carter played Bellatrix Lestrange in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" parts 1 and 2. She received good reviews as Lestrange, as she was described as a "shining but underused talent." She then played Mrs. Lovett in "Sweeney Todd", which was also released in 2007.

In May of 2006, Bonham Carter launched her own fashion line called, "The Pantaloonies," with swimwear designer Samantha Sage. The first collection is called "Bloomin' Bloomers" and is a Victorian style selection of camisoles, mop caps and bloomers. The two are now working on Pantaloonies customized jeans which Carter describes as "a kind of scrapbook on the bum."

Carter plans to return to the West End with an appearance in "Rubenstein's Kiss." However, the play was delayed because of her busy schedule. The production was set to open in November of 2004 but was postponed. In September 2008, "Wild Target" director, Johnathan Lynn, confirmed that Carter had dropped out of his movie due to filming difficulties. He then went on to say that she had joined the cast of Tim Burton's 2010 movie, "Alice in Wonderland", where she portrayed the Red Queen. In that movie, she starred with actors Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Christopher Lee, and Alan Rickman (who also co-starred in the "Harry Potter" films with her). Bonham Carter and Hathaway played two dueling sisters, the Red and White Queens.

In early 2009, Bonham Carter was named on of The Times newspaper's top 10 British Actresses of all-time. She appeared on the list with fellow British actresses Julie Andrews, Helen Mirren, Judi Dench, and Audrey Hepburn.

Bonham Carter played well-known author Enid Blyton in the BBC4 TV biography movie, "Enid", showing the author's life. This movie aired on 16 November 2009. Carter starred with Matthew Macfadyen and Denis Lawson.

In October of 2001, Bonham Carter began her current relationship with director Tim Burton. She met Burton while he was engaged to and living with actress Lisa Marie. Bonham Carter and Burton met while filming "Planet of the Apes". Burton tends to cast Bonham Carter in many of his movies. The couple lives in Belsize Park, London, England, in next-door houses with a hallway connecting the two homes. Each house is decorated to fit their own tastes and personality, because they felt the could not live 'together' but did not want to live apart.

They purchased the house when Bonham Carter became pregnant with the couple's first child, a son named Billy Ray Burton, who was born on 4 October 2003. The couple maintain a close relationship with actor Johnny Depp, who also regularly appears in Burton's movies. Depp is Billy Ray's godfather. At the age of 41, Bonham Carter gave birth to the couple's second child, a daughter named Nell Burton, who was born on 15 December 2007 in Central London. Bonham Carter says she named her daughter Nell after all the "Helens" in her family's past.

In 2008, four of her relatives were killed in a safari bus crash in South Africa. She was given indefinite leave from filming "Terminator Salvation", and returned later to complete the rest of the filming. Also in 2008, Carter and Burton both put up their American apartments for sale. The apartments are located in the Greenwich Village in New York City. The apartments were sold for $8.75 million.

In October of 2008, it was released that Bonham Carter had become a patron of the charity, "Action Duchenne" the national charity established to support parents and sufferers of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. She released the statement:

In December of 2008, Bonham Carter used her voice in a MTV domestic violence public service announcement (PSA), reciting a passage about love from the book of Corinthians in the Bible. The 60-second commercial features a troubled couple in a domestic environment. The commercial is silent except for Carter's voice and accompanying music. She recorded her voice in a single take for the ad, which aired on 2 December 2008 on MTV in the UK and Europe as a part of MTV's Staying Alive campaign. MTV will also make the ad available online, and is considering playing it in movie theaters.

In early 2009, Bonham Carter joined fellow actors Ewan McGregor, Kate Winslet, Liam Neeson, Helen Mirren and others, in leaving an imprint of her lips on a card and signing it. The kiss prints, which were featured in the window of Newcastle's Fenwick store, will be auctioned off for a charity.
In 2019, Bonham Carter began dating academic Rye Dag Holmboe

Stadium Juan Carmelo Zerillo

Estadio Juan Carmelo Zerillo is a multi-use stadium in La Plata, Argentina. It was used mostly for the football matches of Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata until closed by government orders before the beginning of the 2006 "Clausura" tournament. Gimnasia has relocated its own games to the newer Estadio Ciudad de La Plata.

June 2008 :
Gimnasia have now secured the full permit required to return, and played their first game back at
El Bosque since 2006 in the final round of Clausura 2008 against Lanus, on Saturday June 21.

The stadium, built in 1924, has a capacity of 31,460 people.


Zhuang Wikipedia

Zhuang Wikipedia (壯語維基百科) was established in July 2004. As of March 11, 2009, there were 91 articles in Cuengh. 


Parallax

Parallax is the perceived change in position of an object seen from two different places.

In astronomy, annual parallax is the only direct way to measure distance to stars outside the solar system.
In essence, parallax is the perceived shifting phenomenon which occurs when an object is viewed from different positions.

It is measured by the angle between two lines of observation. Nearby objects have a larger parallax than more distant objects when observed from identical positions, so parallax can be used to determine distances.

Astronomers use the principle of parallax to measure distances to celestial objects including to the Moon, the Sun, and to stars beyond the Solar System. Here, the term "parallax" is the angle between two sight-lines to the star.

Astronomical measurement of position are taken at different times of the year. Since the Earth's orbit is known exactly, the distance from position 1 to position 2 can be worked out. The angle from the horizon to the object can be measured precisely. This gives a triangle whose baseline and angles are known accurately. From the triangle, the distance is calculated by trigonometry and expressed in parsecs.

The method only fails with objects which are so distant that the earth's orbit is too small to get a large enough parallax angle to measure accurately. This distance is about 100 light-years. Astronomers have invented various ways to solve this problem, though none are so accurate as the parallax method is for relatively nearby objects. This provides a basis for the cosmic distance ladder of techniques to calculate greater distances.

From 1989 to 1993 the Hipparcos satellite took measurements for over 100,000 nearby stars. Gaia (spacecraft) is intended to make similar measurements of about a Billion stars.

Many animals, including humans, have two eyes which provide depth perception; this is called stereopsis. Because the two eyes are at different places on the head, this gives the basis for an automatic sense of distance. We perceive this as a normal 3-D scene.


DragonForce

DragonForce is an English power metal band formed in 1999 in London. They are known for fast guitar solos, fantasy-based lyrics, and electronic sounds in their music.

In March 2010, the band have announced the departure of the singer ZP Theart, due to musical disputes. He moved on to form heavy metal group I Am I. After that Mark Hudson joined as new singer and they released a new album The Power Within.

DragonForce was founded in 1999 by singer ZP Theart, bassist Steve Scott, guitarists Sam Totman and Herman Li, drummer Didier Almouzni, and keyboardist Steve Williams. They first called themselves "DragonHeart", but found that a band with this same name already existed. Their song "Through the Fire and Flames" is one of their most famous songs and is featured on the game "" The first song and first single, "Heroes of Our Time", from their album, "Ultra Beatdown", was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance on December 3, 2008, and is also in the video game "Skate 2".




Herman Li

Herman Li (, Hanyu Pinyin: "Lǐ Kāng Mǐn", born 3 October 1976) is the lead and rhythm guitarist, backing vocalist and producer in the power metal band DragonForce.

He was born in Hong Kong. His interests other than music are computer technology and martial arts. He practices Jiu-Jitsu five days a week. He speaks three languages.

Herman Li has played in many bands, including the black metal band Demoniac.

Li likes video game music and mimics sounds from popular retro games from the late 80s, early-90s arcade, and PC games. He has been known for making several Pac-Man-type noises in the song "Through the Fire and Flames" on "Inhuman Rampage".

Sam Totman

Sam Totman (born 26 April 1980, London) is an English musician. He is a guitarist and the main songwriter for the power metal band DragonForce.

He was in the black metal band Demoniac, with his DragonForce guitar partner Herman Li. Sam was usually called Heimdall when he was in Demoniac. Heimdall is the Norse god of vigilance.

Sam has Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, caused by weeks of obsessive videogaming.

Vadim Pruzhanov

Vadim Igorevich Pruzhanov () (born June 18, 1982 in Chernihiv, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian musician, and was the keyboardist of the UK power metal band DragonForce until his departure in 2018.

He was born in Chernihiv, Ukraine. He started to learn piano when he was 8 years old, and enrolled in music school.
<br>
He was interested in rock music when he was 12 years old, and started to compose. 
<br>
The young Ukrainian attended a Catholic 6th form college in North West London where he studied art and design. One of his first live performances was playing guitar in an all in one catsuit covered with tassles covering Steve Vai. He went on to meet DragonForce members in London in his school days. After that he met Herman Li again at club house, and joined DragonForce. Many songs of DragonForce are composed by him and Herman Li.

Pruzhanov left DragonForce in 2018. 

Reaching into Infinity

He is famous for very fast keyboard playing. Sometimes he plays shoulder keyboard with his tongue or head. 
<br> 
He sticks to making sounds. He doesn't like ordinary sounds such as strings and chorus.

Fritz Sauckel

Ernst Friedrich Christoph "Fritz" Sauckel (27 October 1894 – 16 October 1946) was a Nazi war criminal. He organized the systematic enslavement of millions from lands occupied by Nazi Germany. He was General Plenipotentiary for Labour Deployment from 1942 until the end of the war. He was tried and executed.

Sauckel was also honorary Obergruppenführer of the SA.

Baldur von Schirach

Baldur Benedikt von Schirach (9 May 1907 – 8 August 1974) was a Nazi youth leader. He was later convicted of being a war criminal. Schirach was the head of the "Hitler-Jugend" (HJ, Hitler Youth), Gauleiter and Reichsstatthalter ("Reich Governor") of Vienna.

Audacity

Audacity is a digital audio editor (a computer program used to change sounds) and recording program. Audacity is cross-platform and can be used with Windows, OS X, Linux, and BSD. It is free software. Audacity was first released on May 28, 2000.



Sophora macnabiana

Sophora macnabiana is the scientific name derived from "Edwardsia macnabiana", a tree formerly described from cultivated material 
Indeed it is suitable for gardens, with showy flowers, numerous leaflets and tender pods.
Native from central Chile, and Gough Island, also disseminated as ornamental in New Zealand, where challenges with "S.tetraptera", the local Large-leaved Kowhai.


Audrey Hepburn (semi-postal)

The Audrey Hepburn semi-postal was a semi-postal postage stamp issued in Germany in 2001 and showing Audrey Hepburn. It was forbidden by the family of the actress.

The Deutsche Post ("German Post") authorities changed the stamp for one depicting a film roll. The complete series included other famous actors such as Charlie Chaplin, Marilyn Monroe, Greta Garbo and Jean Gabin.

The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft

The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft is a transport museum that has old trolleybuses. It is near to the village of Sandtoft, near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire.



The Fox and the Hound (book)

The Fox and the Hound is a 1967 book by Daniel Pratt Mannix IV. It is about the lives of two canines, a hound dog named Copper and a red fox named Tod. The book is Mannix's best-known work, and was later made into a movie of the same name from Walt Disney Productions.

The book follows Tod from his first contact with humans as a kit and Copper from his first encounter with Tod. They are living in a changing world; the wilderness present at the beginning of the book gradually gives way to a more urbanized setting, causing problems for Copper, his Master, and Tod.

It changes between Tod and Copper's point of view. Of the ten chapters in the book, four are from Copper's point of view and six are from Tod's. Both of the animals are presented as smart if not on a level with humans, and the book constantly emphasizes the point that both are creatures who rely on their sense of smell as much as humans rely on sight, particularly Copper.

Copper's chapters focus on his relationship with the Master as he assists him in hunting, mostly for Tod, who killed the Master's new dog, Chief, earlier in the book. Tod's chapters focus on his life as a wild fox, avoiding death both natural and man-made while attempting to father kits. 

Hodonín

Hodonín is a town in the Czech Republic. About 26,179 people live there (2008). It is located in the South-East of the historical region Moravia. It was founded in the 11th century. It lies on the border with Slovakia.


BREL

BREL stands for British Rail Engineering Limited, which was the engineering division for British Rail until the design and building trains in the United Kingdom went private. 

They made trains like the British Rail Class 210 diesel multiple unit and the experimental Advanced Passenger Train (APT) tilting High Speed Train during the 1970s and early 1980s. 

Gene Roddenberry

Eugene Wesley "Gene" Roddenberry (August 19, 1921 – October 24, 1991) was an American screenwriter and producer. He is best known as the creator of "Star Trek", an American sci-fi series. He was sometimes called the "Great Bird of the Galaxy" because he helped start Star Trek. He was one of the first people to have his ashes "buried" in space. 

Gene Roddenberry was born in El Paso, Texas in 1921. His parents were Eugene Edward Roddenberry and Caroline Glen. He grew up in Los Angeles, California, where his father worked in the police. He became interested in engineering and got a pilot's license. In 1941, he joined the United States Army Air Force. He flew many combat missions as a bomber pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and Air Medal. 

After he left the military, he became an airline pilot with Pan American World Airways. He then stopped flying in 1949 so he could write television shows. While writing he also worked in the police so he could provide for (look after) his family. In 1956, he quit his job as a policeman to write full time.

Roddenberry was married twice and had three children. He married Eileen Rexroat first, and they were married for 27 years. They had two daughters, Darlene (1947-1995) and Dawn (1953-). In the 1960s, he also started romantically seeing Nichelle Nichols and Majel Barrett (1932-2008). He divorced Rexroat and married Barrett in Japan in a traditional Shinto ceremony on August 6, 1969. They had a son, Eugene Wesley, Jr. Roddenberry's marriage to Barrett lasted until his death in 1991.

He died in 1991 of heart failure. He was 70 years old. In 1992, some of his ashes were sent into space on board the Space Shuttle Columbia. In 2012, some more of his ashes will be sent into space with his wife Majel's ashes. 

Pure mathematics

Pure mathematics is a field of mathematics. Other fields of mathematics are driven and motivated by applications, they can be used to solve "real-world" problems, for example mathematical physics in physics or engineering. In contrast, pure mathematics studies abstract ideas or it tries to make proofs more beautiful or easier to understand. 

Venus, Romania

Venus is a resort in Romania on the coast of the Black Sea. It is about 3 kilometers north of Mangalia.

Kung-fu

Kung-fu or gongfu or gung fu () is a term often used by speakers of the English language to refer to Chinese martial arts. It is the art of self-defence and fighting, including without any weapons, as developed in ancient China.

In Chinese, "kung fu" means "hard work", and it´s not only used for martial arts.

Cohesion (chemistry)

Cohesion, cohesive attraction, or cohesive force is a physical property of an object. It happens because of intermolecular attraction between like-molecules.

Cohesion holds hydrogen bonds together to create surface tension on water. Since water is attracted to other molecules, adhesive forces pull the water toward other molecules.

Dave Mackintosh

Dave "Compact Dynamo" Mackintosh is the drummer and backup vocalist for the band DragonForce. The band changed their genre to 'Extreme Power Metal' after Dave started playing in the band. Dave does extreme metal drumming in DragonForce's music, such as blast beats.

Frédéric Leclercq

Frédéric Alexandre Leclercq (born June 23, 1978 in France) is the bassist for power metal band DragonForce and plays in his own band, Maladaptive, where he sings and plays guitar. He can play bass, guitar, keyboards, and can sing. He is a session musician for many other bands and is also a former member of the French power metal band Heavenly and played several shows with Carnival in Coal in 2006.

According to his profile on Dragonforce.com, Leclercq can speak "French, English, German, and some dirty words in almost every language." 



Valley of the Damned

Valley of the Damned is DragonForce's first album. It was released on 25 February, 2003.




Sonic Firestorm

Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by English power metal band DragonForce released through on May 11, 2004.

All songs arranged by Sam Totman, Herman Li, Vadim Pruzhanov, ZP Theart, and Adrian Lambert.





Inhuman Rampage

Inhuman Rampage is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce. The album was released on 9 January 2006, and 20 June 2006 in North America. It is the first album with Frédéric Leclercq on bass. An inhuman rampage can also be just something that is not a human, or a human that is not really acting like a human, going on a rampage, which basically just means they are going crazy and messing a lot of stuff up.

All songs arranged by Herman Li, Sam Totman, ZP Theart and Vadim Pruzhanov.

Bavand dynasty

The Bavand dynasty (in Mazandarani: "Bävendiyun") was an Iranian dynasty that began in the early 7th century. Its rulers reigned for about 700 years over Tabaristan, on the southern shore of the Caspian Sea. The name of the dynasty comes from Bäv (also known as Farrukhzad), who ruled from 651 to 665. He was from the House of Ispahbudhan, a noble Parthian family which served the Sasanian Empire. The Bavandid rulers were originally Zoroastrian, but they later converted to Islam during the reign of Qarin I.

The Kayusiyya are named after Kawus, the son of the Sasanian ruler Kavadh I. It was founded by Bav (Farrukhzad), who repelled the Muslim Arabs from Tabaristan and ruled until he was murdered by the Karenid Valash in 665.




Dyson sphere

A Dyson sphere is an idea about a structure that surrounds a star, first thought up by physicist Freeman Dyson, and then used in some science fiction works. 

The idea of the Dyson sphere was the result of a thought experiment. Dyson noted that civilizations constantly increased their need for energy. He reasoned that as human civilization went on, there would come a time when it demanded more energy than the Earth could provide.

He proposed a system of structures designed to intercept and collect all energy produced by the Sun. Dyson's proposal did not detail how such a system would be constructed. His 1960 paper "Search for artificial stellar sources of infra-red radiation", in the journal "Science", was the first to present the concept of the Dyson sphere.

There are at least three types of Dyson spheres: 

A far bigger Dyson sphere would be a Birch World

Summerlee Heritage Park

Summerlee Heritage Park is an industrial museum in Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It has won several awards. It was built on the old Summerlee ironworks. It also uses the main workshop of the old Hyrdocon Crane factory.

The museum closed in 2006 for a £10Million refurbishment. It re-opened in 2008.

The old main hall has been re-built. The museum tries to show Lanarkshire's contribution to engineering. There are interactive displays and a children's "Discovery Zone".

The museum also displays several railway steam locomotives, preserved carriages from a 1960s era Glasgow "Blue Train" and has a short working tramline.



Concert of Europe

The Concert of Europe was a group of countries in Europe who worked together and agreed on policies to maintain a steady balance of power which included alliances between the great powers in 1814 and 1914. The member countries were the United Kingdom, Austria, Russia, France (from 1815), Prussia (Germany from 1871) and Italy (from 1871). 

It started as a quadruple alliance. After Napoleon, ruler of France, was no longer in power, France joined the Concert of Europe. Its importance diminished with the revolutions of 1848 and subsequent wars between the big powers. Otto von Bismarck re-established the Concert of Europe after the unifications of Germany and Italy. The Concert definitively collapsed with World War I.

The leaders of this concert include:

The Concert was also known as the Congress System, where leaders would meet and reach decisions by mutual agreement. 

Important goals of the Concert: 

Benefits: 

Decline: 

Freital

Freital is the biggest town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is on the small river Weißeritz, southwest of Dresden.


Riesa

Riesa is a town in the district of Meißen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is located at the river Elbe, about 40 km northwest of the Saxony capital Dresden.

Glow fuel

Glow fuel is a term used to tell about fuel used for model airplanes, helicopters, cars and boats. Glow fuel can be burned by very simple two-stroke engines or by four-stroke engines. Engines like this provide lots of power in a small size.

Sometimes, glow fuel is called nitro or just model fuel. Some model fuel has only a little bit of nitro, but some fuel has none at all. It is called "FAI fuel." "FAI" stands for Fédération Aéronautique Internationale. They say that models used in racing or other competition under their rules may not have any nitro in their mix.

Glow fuel is mostly made of methanol, nitromethane and oil.

Methanol is the main ingredient. It provides most of the fuel's ability to burn. In order to burn the glow fuel, a glow engine must have a glow plug. The glow plug burns very hot as the engine runs because of a catalytic reaction with the methanol. Since the engines turn very fast, a phenomenon known as thermal inertia helps to keep the plug glowing as the engine runs. A small amount of electricity is used to cause the glow plug to glow as the engine is started. Once the engine is running, the electricity is disconnected. 

Nitromethane is added to the fuel for more power and to make the engine easier to tune. Nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol, but it requires less oxygen. This means that more of it can be put into an engine during each turn of the engine. This leads to more power.

Fuel for most model planes, boats and helicopters has 5% to 15% nitromethane. For use in race cars, the nitromethane can be from 30% to as much as 65%.

Nitromethane is hard to get in some countries since it is known as an explosive. In these countries, glow fuel sometimes has no nitromethane at all. 

Since the engine doesn't have its own supply of oil, it's instead added to the fuel to help lubricate the moving parts and to keep them from burning up. The oil can be castor oil or synthetic oils. Some fuels include a mixture of the two. The oils included in glow fuel are not burned by the engine. Instead, the oil comes out of the exhaust. Not only does the oil lubricate the moving parts, but the oil which comes out the engine helps carry away extra heat.

Glow engines should be run slightly "rich." This means that the mix of fuel and air going into the engine has to have a bit more fuel in it than it can burn at once. This unburned fuel and oil help keep the engine cool. After a model has been run, it is coated with a film of oil and must be cleaned. Ordinary window cleaner and a paper towel do a nice job of removing the oil. 

Glow fuel is not difficult to make, but some of the ingredients are dangerous in large amounts. Instead, most modelers buy their glow fuel already made. Some very small engines require more oil than larger engines. More oil may be needed in the fuel. The proper oil can be found at a hobby shop. Companies which make glow fuel mix their fuels with the help of computers. This helps each batch of fuel be of the highest quality it can be. 


Radebeul

Radebeul is a town ("große Kreisstadt") in the district of Meißen in Saxony, Germany, a suburb of Dresden. The Meißen area, where Radebeul is located, is one of the northeasternmost areas where wine is grown today.

Limbach-Oberfrohna

Limbach-Oberfrohna is a town in the district of Zwickau in the German Free State of Saxony.

Zittau

Zittau (, , Upper Lusatian dialect: "Sitte") is a city in the southeast of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is close to the border triangle between Germany, Poland and the Czech Republic. It is part of the Görlitz rural district.

Glauchau

Glauchau (Thurginian-Upper Saxon dialect: "Glauche") is a town in Saxony, Germany. It is near the river Mulde, north of Zwickau and west of Chemnitz by rail. It is part of the Zwickau district.

Delitzsch

Delitzsch ( and "Delč")  () is a German city in Saxony, near Leipzig. It is part of the rural district of Nordsachsen.

Weißwasser

Weißwasser (, ) is a town in Upper Lusatia in the east of Saxony, Germany.

Weißwasser is the third largest town in the Görlitz district after Görlitz and Zittau. The town's landmark is its water tower.

Conduit current collection

Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams. The power supply is in a channel under the roadway, rather than in overhead wires.



Metre gauge

Metre gauge is a type of railway track gauge. Railways with a gauge of millimetres are called metre gauge. It is used in many regions across the world, though some railways were upgraded to standard gauge in the 20th century.



Leimen

Leimen can be either of the following towns:


Leimen, Baden-Württemberg

Leimen is a town in the northwestern part of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is the third biggest town of the Rhein-Neckar district. Weinheim and Sinsheim are the two towns that are bigger.

Recea, Brașov

Recea is a commune in Brașov County in Romania. As of 2002, almost 3,300 people were living in Recea.

Jingisukan

Jingisukan is a mutton dish. It is thought to be first made in Hokkaido, one of Japan’s four major islands, and is most popular on this island.

There are two ways to eat Jingisukan: mutton in sauce, and raw mutton. It is cooked on a special grill. It is usually cooked with many vegetables. For example, bean sprout, onion, carrot, sweet pepper, pumpkin, or cabbage.

The name Jingisukan comes from the famous Mongolian warrior’s name, “Genghis Khan.” This dish was named after him because it is believed to originally come from Mongolia.
Kowhai

Kowhai are small, woody legume trees in the genus Sophora. They are native to New Zealand. There are eight species. Kowhai is the common name in Māori language used in New Zealand. In South Island grows "Sophora microphylla", and in the North Island a larger leaflets species, i.e. "S.tetraptera".


Ashigaru

Ashigaru is a type of Japanese soldier that began during the Heian Period (794-1185). Their origin is serving as bodyguards to government officials during this period. They became more active over hundreds of years and ended up serving as foot-soldiers for samurai and shogun. Ashigaru became masterless warriors after the beginning of the Edo Period (1603-1868). After the Edo Period, many became police. 

Ashigaru are noted for using surprise attacks and group tactics. They wore metal armor, a gauntlet, and a Japanese half-length coat. The armor also had leather and Japanese rice paper. Their weapon was a sword, spear, gun, or bow. Ashigaru also carried a water bottle, tissue paper, and rice. 

In the Ōnin War (1467-1477), the ashigaru robbed and looted Kyoto. This gave ashigaru a reputation as bad troops.

Genotype

The genotype is the genetic constitution of an organism, mainly its genome. The term is contrasted with the term phenotype, as follows:

The terms were invented by Wilhelm Johanssen to distinguish between inherited and environmentally produced variation. "The distinction was not new. It had, for instance, been discussed by Francis Galton as "nature" vs. "nurture".

The extent to which the genotype influences the phenotype varies hugely. "Some" aspects of the phenotype are almost entirely determined by heredity, such as eye colour and blood types. Human language is an interesting case. The "capacity" to learn and speak a language is entirely inherited, but "which" language is spoken is entirely learnt, and hence is environmental.

Nisio Isin

Nisio Isin (Pronounced "NE-shi-oh OH-shin"; born 1981) is a Japanese writer. He was born in Kyoto. He still lives in Kyoto. He generally writes in the style of mystery and light novel. His writing is very popular among teenagers and 20-year-olds. His first published book was, "Kubikiri Saikuru". He won the Mefist Literature Prize for it in 2002. Koudansha Publishing is his primary publisher. The selling slogan for him is, "20 years old in Kyoto. NISIOISIN." He likes traveling and going to bookstores.

Nisio Isin is a palindrome, so it is often written in Roman letters as NISIOISIN.


Kapok

Ceiba pentandra or the Kapok is a species of tropical trees of the order Malvales and the family Malvaceae (previously separated in the family Bombacaceae), native to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, northern South America, and (as the variety "Ceiba pentandra" var. "guineensis") to tropical west Africa.The normal colours are white and pink flowers it takes 4 weeks to grow a bud.
The word is also used for the fibre obtained from its seed pods. The tree is also known as the Java cotton, Java kapok, or ceiba. It is a sacred symbol in Maya mythology.

The tree of life grows to tall. It has a very substantial trunk up to in diameter with buttresses.

Guatemala national football team

Guatemala national football team is the national football team of Guatemala.

Honduras national football team

Honduras national football team is the national football team of Honduras.

Mexico national football team

Mexico national football team is the national football team of Mexico.

"Players in bold text are still active with Mexico."
"As of 19 June 2019."

"Players in bold text are still active with Mexico."
"As of 27 March 2019."

Notes

Panama national football team

Panama national football team is the national football team of Panama.

Trinidad and Tobago national football team

Trinidad and Tobago national football team is the national football team of Trinidad and Tobago.

Turks and Caicos Islands national football team

Turks and Caicos Islands national football team is the national football team of Turks and Caicos Islands.

United States national soccer team

United States national soccer team is the national soccer team of United States.

. Active players are shown in Bold.

Argentina national football team

Argentina national football team is the national football team of Argentina. They are nicknamed La Albiceleste (the blue and whites).

 Boldface indicates a player still active


Bolivia national football team

Bolivia national football team is the national football team of Bolivia.

Brazil national football team

</ref>
Brazil national football team is the national football team of Brazil. It is one of the most successful national teams with five World Cup titles (1958,1962,1970,1994 and 2002). It also has the most World Cup titles, with five.

A cap is a player's appearance in a game at international level.

Chile national football team

Chile national football team is the national football team of Chile.


Colombia national football team

Colombia national football team is the national football team of Colombia.

Ecuador national football team

Ecuador national football team is the national football team of Ecuador.

Paraguay national football team

Paraguay national football team is the national football team of Paraguay.

Peru national football team

Peru national football team is the national football team of Peru.

Uruguay national football team

Uruguay national football team is the national football team of Uruguay. They won the World Cup in 1930 and 1950. Also, they won the Olympics football championship in 1924 and 1928. Recently, Uruguay won the 2011 Copa América, playing against Paraguay in the final.

, after the match against Bolivia


Notes

Venezuela national football team

Venezuela national football team is the national football team of Venezuela.

Albania national football team

Albania national football team is the national football team of Albania. Although it never played any matches, the Albanian national football team existed before FSHF was created. This is witnessed by the registration of the team in the Balkan Cup tournament of 1929-1931, which started in 1929 (although Albania eventually retired from the competition, before the competition started).[4] FSHF was founded on June 6, 1930, and Albania had to wait 16 years to play its first international match, debuting against Yugoslavia in 1946. In 1932, Albania joined FIFA (during the congress June 12 — June 16) and in 1954, it was one of the founding members of UEFA.

Austria national football team

Austria national football team is the national football team of Austria. It is controlled by the Austrian Football Association (German: Österreichischer Fußballbund - ÖFB).
The first official match took place on 12th October 1902 in Vienna when a team from Cisleithanien (Austrian part of the Austrian-Hungary Empire) played versus Hungary. (5:0) The team reached in the 1930s the best time. It was the time of the so-called "Wunderteam" (miracle team) when Austria was one of the leading teams in Europe. The Wunderteam was the first from the continent to defeat Scotland. In 1934 the team was took part in the FIFA world cup for the first time and reached the 4th place. 1936 Austria won the silver medal at the Olympic games in Berlin. Due to the occupation through Germany in 1938 there was no team between 1938 and 1945. The national team was dissolved and the players like Matthias Sindelar became part of the German team.
Soon after the end of the war the Austrian team played their first matches versus Hungary in Budapest. On December 6th, 1945 the first homematch took place in the renovated Praterstadion (now Ernst-Happel-Stadion). France was beaten by 4:1. Soon Austria was as successful as before the war. In 1951 Scotland was beaten in his own stadium by 1:0. Austria was the first team from the continent to do so. The FIFA World cup 1954 was the most successful ever. A legendary match was the quarterfinal against Switzerland which won Austria 7:5. It is still till today the Worldcup match with the most goals scored. Austria reached the semifinals and was beaten by the later world champion Germany by 1:6. The match for the 3rd place was won by 3:1 versus Uruguay. Players like Gerhard Hanappi, Walter Zeman and Ernst Ocwirk were playing in the FIFA world team. A 0:6 versus the Czech team marked the end of Austrias golden periode.
The next years Austria was an average team but surprised through notable wins. On was on 20 October 1965 when Austria won in England 3:2. Austria was the third team to do so. In the same year however Austria failed to qualify for the 1966 World Cup. Also the qualification for 1970 was a failure. The qualification for 1974 was missed after a 1:2 versus Sweden in a decider.

After 20 years Austria could qualify for the 1978 FIFA World Cup. The last match versus Turkey was won 1:0 through a goal by the later team coach Herbert Prohaska. In the tournament Austria won the groupstage. But after two lost matches versus Netherlands and Italy they failed to reach the final round. The last match was versus Germany in Cordoba. Austria won 3:2 through two goals by Hans Krankl and an own goal by Bertie Vogts. In Austria this is a legendary match. In the 1982 World Cup Austria also played. After two matches with wins versus Algeria and Chile a narrow loss against Germany was enough. Germany had to win to promote to the final round. The match ended 1:0 for Germany and especially in Algeria there were manipulation reproaches. After the 1982 Cup a lot of players ended their career, so Austria failed to reach the 1986 FIFA World Cup.

Under coach Josef Hickersberger Austria could qualify for the 1990 World Cup. He called back old players like Herbert Prohaska and mixed them with new players like Andreas Herzog who had only three league matches played before the Championship. After losses versus Italy and Czechoslovakia and a win versus USA they failed in the first round.

Shortly after the World Cup Hickersberger resigned after a 0:1 versus the Faroe Islands in Landskrona, Sweden. On the islands there was no stadium with grass and all the players were pure amateurs. This match was a great disgrace for Austrians team.

The last appearance of an Austrian team in a World Cup tournament was 1998 in France. Austria failed in the qualifing round versus Italy, Chile and Cameroon. As host Austria was qualified for the UEFA Euro 2008 and played versus Poland, Croatia and Germany. After losses versus Germany and Croatia and a draw versus Poland Austria could not qualify for the quarter finals.

Austria failed to qualify for the World Cup 2006 and 2010 and also for the UEFA Euro 2012.

To mark the turn of the century, the Kronen Zeitung called for an election for the national team of the (20th) century in 1999. 




Azerbaijan national football team

Azerbaijan national football team is the national football team of Azerbaijan.

Belarus national football team

Belarus national football team is the national football team of Belarus.

Belgium national football team

Belgium national football team is the national football team of Belgium.

Notes

Bulgaria national football team

Bulgaria national football team is the national football team of Bulgaria.


Croatia national football team

Croatia national football team is the national football team of Croatia. The team reached the final of the 2018 FIFA World Cup, but lost to France 4–2.

Cyprus national football team

Cyprus national football team is the national football team of Cyprus.

Czech Republic national football team

Czech Republic national football team is the association football team that runs on behalf of Czech Republic.

Denmark national football team

Denmark national football team is the national football team of Denmark.

Estonia national football team

Estonia national football team is the national football team of Estonia.

Faroe Islands national football team

Faroe Islands national football team is the national football team of Faroe Islands.

Finland national football team

Finland national football team is the national football team of Finland.

North Macedonia national football team

National football team of North Macedonia is the national football team of the Republic of North Macedonia.

France national football team

The France national football team is the national football team of France. They won the FIFA World Cup 2 times (1998, 2018), the UEFA European Football Championship twice (1984, 2000) and the 
FIFA Confederations Cup twice (2001, 2003). The teams current coach is Didier Deschamps, who took over from Laurent Blanc.

FIFA World Cup

UEFA European Championship

FIFA Confederations Cup

UEFA Nations League

Olympic football tournament

Georgia national football team

The Georgia national football team is the national football team of Georgia.

Greece national football team

Greece national football team is the national football team of Greece. They became European champions in only their second participation in the tournament in 2004. Their best result in the World Cup was in the 2014 FIFA World Cup where they made it to the Round of 16.

"As of 29 March 2016"

"As of 29 March 2016"

Hungary national football team

Hungary national football team is the national football team of Hungary.

Iceland national football team

Iceland national football team is the national football team of Iceland.

Before 2016, Iceland had never qualified for any major tournament. They got close in 2013, but lost to Croatia in the 2014 FIFA World Cup play-offs.

They qualified for the UEFA Euro 2016 after finishing as runners-up in their qualification group. They went on to finish at 2nd place in their group during the group stage, and went on to face England in the round of 16. Even though they were the obvious underdogs, they beat England 2−1 with goals from Ragnar Sigurðsson and Kolbeinn Sigþórsson. Their momentum ended when they lost to France 5−2 after being down 4−0 at halftime.

Republic of Ireland national football team

Republic of Ireland national football team is the national football team of Republic of Ireland.

Italy national football team

Italy national football team is the national football team of Italy. They won the FIFA World Cup 4 times (1934, 1938, 1982, 2006), and the UEFA European Football Championship twice (1968, 2020).









Latvia national football team

Latvia national football team is the national football team of Latvia. They never qualified for the FIFA World Cup, but they did qualify for the UEFA Euro 2004.

Lithuania national football team

Lithuania national football team is the national football team of Lithuania.

Malta national football team

Malta national football team is the national football team of Malta.

Montenegro national football team

Montenegro national football team is the national football team of Montenegro.

Netherlands national football team

Netherlands national football team is the national football team of Netherlands.


Notes

Northern Ireland national football team

Northern Ireland national football team is the national football team of Northern Ireland.

 localization correction

Norway national football team

Norway national football team is the national football team of Norway.

Poland national football team

Poland national football team is the national football team of Poland.

Poland made it to the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016, their best performance yet.

Poland failed to make it out of the group stage in the 2018 World Cup.



Portugal national football team

Portugal national football team is the national football team of Portugal. In July 2016, they won the European Championship. Their captain is Cristiano Ronaldo.

Major:

Minor:

Other:

Romania national football team

Romania national football team is the national football team of Romania.

Russia national football team

The Russia national football team is the national football team of Russia.



Notes

Scotland football team

The Scotland football team is the national football team of Scotland. It is currently managed by former Dundee United manager Craig Levein who took over from George Burley on 23rd December 2009.

Scotland has the joint oldest national football team in the world as they played England in the first ever international football match in 1872.

Hampden Park in Glasgow is the home of the Scotland national team and is described by the Scottish Football Association as the "National Stadium". The stadium, which can hold 52,000 people, is one of several stadiums to have used the name. Hampden and its predecessors have hosted international matches since 1878. A record of 149,415 people was set by the Scotland v England match in 1937. Hampden is one of only two Scottish football stadiums to receive a UEFA 5–star rating.

Since the last redevelopment to Hampden was completed in 1999, Scotland have played all but one of their competitive matches there. Only when Celtic Park hosted the first Euro 2008 qualification match against the Faroe Islands. Celtic Park was used because the fixtures were decided by a random draw and Hampden had already been booked for a Robbie Williams concert on the same date.

Serbia national football team

The Serbia national football team (Serbian: Фудбалска репрезентација Србије, "Fudbalska reprezentacija Srbije") is the national football team of Serbia.

Both FIFA and UEFA consider the Serbian national team to be the direct successor of the Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro teams.


Slovakia national football team

Slovakia national football team is the national football team of Slovakia.

Slovenia national football team

Slovenia national football team is the national football team of Slovenia.

Spain national football team

Spain national football team (Spanish: "Selección de fútbol de España)" is the national football team of Spain. The current head coach is Luis Enrique. The team is often called "La Roja "("The Red [One]"), "La Furia Roja" ("The Red Fury"), "La Furia Española" ("The Spanish Fury") or just "La Furia" ("The Fury").

The Spanish team became a member of FIFA in 1904, even though the team was made in 1909. Spain had their first match on the 8th of August of 1920 against Denmark. Since the team's creation in 1909, they have been in 13 FIFA World Cups, and 9 UEFA European Football Championships.

Spain are three-time European champions, having won the UEFA Euro 2012, UEFA Euro 2008, and 1964 European Championship. From November 2006 through June 2009 Spain went undefeated for 35 matches, a record shared with Brazil. Spain are one of the eight national teams to have won the FIFA World Cup; they won their first at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa when they defeated the Netherlands 1–0 after extra time. Andrés Iniesta scored the winning goal in the 116th minute. 

The team's achievements have led to many commentators and football experts naming them one of the best international sides in football history.

As of September 11th of 2022


Sweden men's national football team

The Sweden national football team () is the national football team of Sweden. They made it to 2nd place in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, and the semi-finals in the Euro 1992.

Switzerland national football team

Switzerland national football team is the national football team of Switzerland.

Ukraine national football team

Ukraine national football team is the national football team of Ukraine.

Haiti national football team

Haiti national football team is the national football team of Haiti.

Jamaica national football team

Jamaica national football team is the national football team of Jamaica.

Guyana national football team

Guyana national football team is the national football team of Guyana.

Martinique national football team

Martinique national football team is the national football team of Martinique.

Montserrat national football team

Montserrat national football team is the national football team of Montserrat.

Netherlands Antilles national football team

Netherlands Antilles national football team was the national football team of Netherlands Antilles. The Netherlands Antilles dissolved into different countries on 10 October 2010.

Nicaragua national football team

Nicaragua national football team is the national football team of Nicaragua.

Puerto Rico national football team

Puerto Rico national football team is the national football team of Puerto Rico.

Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team

Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team is the national football team of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Saint Lucia national football team

Saint Lucia national football team is the national football team of Saint Lucia. 

It has appeared in many CONCACAF tournaments and competitions.

Saint Martin national football team

Saint Martin national football team is the national football team of the Collectivity of Saint Martin.

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team is the national football team of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

Sint Maarten national football team

Sint Maarten national football team is the national football team of Sint Maarten.

Notes

Suriname national football team

Suriname national football team is the national football team of Suriname.

United States Virgin Islands national soccer team

United States Virgin Islands national soccer team is the national soccer team of United States Virgin Islands.

Andorra national football team

Andorra national football team is the national football team of Andorra.

Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team

Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team is the national football team of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Kazakhstan national football team

Kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of Kazakhstan.

Liechtenstein national football team

Liechtenstein national football team is the national football team of Liechtenstein.

Luxembourg national football team

Luxembourg national football team is the national football team of Luxembourg.

Moldova national football team

Moldova national football team is the national football team of Moldova.

San Marino national football team

The San Marino national football team () is a national football team, that represents the country of San Marino.

Angels &amp; Demons

Angels & Demons is a book by American author Dan Brown. This book follows the story of Robert Langdon, the professor who studies about mysterious codes and ancient societies.
The main subject of the book is how Robert Langdon, with the help of the beautiful scientist Vittoria Vetra, search for the container of a dangerous substance named antimatter that would destroy the Vatican city at midnight, and rescue the four cardinals in the day of the Conclave. To find the container and rescue the cardinals, Langdon and Vittoria have to follow the "Path of Illumination", that is marked by sculptures made by a member of illuminati - Bernini, each of them representing one of the elements of science, Earth, Air, Fire and Water. In the end they are able to rescue only 1 cardinal and the antimatter is lifted into the sky where it explodes harmlessly.

Antikythera mechanism

The Antikythera mechanism is a mechanical calculator. It was an Ancient Greek analogue computer and orrery. It was discovered in 1902 in a shipwreck off the coast of Antikythera, Greece.

A number of gears worked together, much like they do in a mechanical clock. The device could predict astronomical positions, eclipses, the motions of the sun, the moon and probably some of the planets. This makes it possible to use the device as a calendar. There were three big dials, and three small ones. Used as a calendar the main functions were:

The device was found on a shipwreck, near the island of Antikythera, between the Peloponnese and Crete. Different coins were also found on the wreck. There are coins from Pergamon, dating between 86 BC and 67 BC, and coins from Ephesus, dating between 70 BC and 60 BC. This means that the ship sunk between 70 and 60 BC. This device is the most complex device known in Antiquity. Only in the 14th century did people again have the knowledge to build similar devices.

The device is now on display in the Bronze Collection of the National Archaeological Museum of Athens.

When the mechanism was found, it consisted of corroded metal plates. Before x-rays could be used to show what was "inside", it was very difficult to judge what the mechanism did. Many of the parts that make up the mechanism were lost either during the roughly 2000 years it had laid on the sea floor, or shortly after discovery. Many gears have not "survived" in one piece. None of the scales is complete, and only one indicator survived as a fragment. The Antikythera Research project has produced a reconstruction; it added seven gears that were probably part of the device. There are 35 gears, and seven displays. There are many hints that the device was also used to calculate and show the movement of stars, even though none of the necessary gears or displays have been found.

There were 82 parts in total. With the parts found it is not possible to get the mechanism with all displays and dials fully operational. It is also not possible to know how many parts have been lost. In total, 30 gears were found. One gear is probably part of a planetary display, that has been lost. To make the reconstructed displays work, another eight gears would be necessary, but they have been lost. There are two crown gears, all the other gears found are normal gears (that require a special alignment of the axes). The gear was a primitive one, and the transmission was not uniform. The mechanism was repaired at least once, which shows that it must have been used often.


Corned beef

Corned beef is a cut of beef that has been pickled or cured in brine. Corned beef is a common meat in deli sandwiches. Corned beef is eaten by people on Saint Patrick's Day with cabbage.

Werdau

Werdau is a town in the German rural district Zwickau. Werdau is a part of the administrative region of Chemnitz in the Free State of Saxony. It is lies on the river Pleiße, from Zwickau.

Annaberg-Buchholz

Annaberg-Buchholz () is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is in the "Erzgebirge" and the capital of the rural district Erzgebirgskreis.

Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport

The Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport is a UK cabinet position with responsibility for the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport. The role was created in 1992 by John Major as Secretary of State for National Heritage. It took on its current title on 3 July 2017. The first to fill the role, David Mellor dubbed it "Minister for Fun".

Coswig, Saxony

Coswig () is a town in the district of Meißen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is located about 9 km southeast of Meißen and 13 km northwest of Dresden.

Reichenbach im Vogtland

Reichenbach is the largest city in the rural district of Vogtlandkreis in Saxony, Germany.

Crimmitschau

Crimmitschau () is a town in the rural district of Zwickau in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.

The first documentation of Crimmitschau is from 1212. 

Overhead lines

Overhead lines or overhead wires are used to transmit electrical energy to trams, trolleybuses or trains at a distance from the energy supply point. This may be abbreviated to OHL or OHLE for OverHead Line Equipment.


HTC

HTC Corporation is a manufacturer of smartphones in Taiwan. It used to be called High Tech Computer Corporation and now is called HTC by lots of people. The company first made smartphones based on Microsoft's Windows Mobile operating system, but in 2009 it started to make smartphones based on Android operating system.

HTC is also a member of the Open Handset Alliance, a group of manufacturers and mobile network operators helping to improve the Android operating system. The HTC Dream, sold by T-Mobile in many countries as the T-Mobile G1, was the first phone to use this.


Cesena

Cesena is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy. It is the capital of the "Province of Forlì-Cesena". About 95,000 people live in Cesena.

Cesena's monuments include: 

Cesena's industry centers on agriculture, handicrafts, and tourism.


Bubblegum

Bubble gum is a popular type of candy that is not eaten, but instead chewed. Before being chewed bubble gum is hard. When it is chewed it is soft. It is called bubble gum, because once soft a person could create a bubble with the gum by blowing air into it. Bubble gum comes in many flavors.

Originally, Bubble gum was made with organic latex, a milky fluid produced by a variety of seed plants. Latex is also the principle component of rubber. It has water and sugar in it as well. Modern bubble gum has synthetic alternatives.

Bubble gum was invented in 1928 by Mr. Walter Diemer (1904-1998), who liked working with gum in his free time after being an accountant. He only had pink food coloring, and is why most bubble gum is pink. His gum was called Dubble Bubble, which was the first bubble gum ever made. Bazooka was the second made bubble gum. Thomas Adams made a kind of bubble gum called Black Jack.


Hay

Hay is grass and other plants that have been cut, dried and collected. It can then be stored in piles (called "hay stacks"), or tied into blocks called "bales". Bales can be round or box shaped (usually called square bales).

Hay is mostly used to feed animals. Some animals that eat hay are horses, cattle, goats, donkeys, and rabbits. Hay is fed when there is not enough pasture or rangeland on which an animal can graze or they can't graze year round. Farmers and ranchers often need to use hay in the winter when grass is not available.

Hay is different than straw. Hay is made from leafy grass and other plants (such as alfalfa) and is good for feeding animals. Straw comes from the stems of cereal grains, and is not very nutritious. Straw is normally used for bedding to keep animals warm and dry.

Rangeland

A rangeland is like a pasture. A rangeland can be used for animals to graze on or for whatever the rancher wants.

Wolfgang Pauli

Wolfgang Ernst Pauli (25 April 1900 in Vienna – 15 December 1958 in Zurich) was an Austrian-American-Swiss theoretical physicist known for his work on spin theory, and for the discovery of the pauli exclusion principle, which is important for the structure of matter and the whole of chemistry. He was given the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1945.

Pauli was of Jewish descent.

Hanukkah

Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday which celebrates the victory of the Maccabees over the larger Greek army. It also celebrates a miracle that happened during this time, where just a day's supply of oil allowed the menorah (Hanukkiah or Hanukkah Menorah) in the rededicated "Temple in Jerusalem" to remain lit for eight days. Therefore, Jewish people celebrate Hanukkah for eight days. Hanukkah begins on the 25th day of Kislev according to the Hebrew calendar, which on the Gregorian calendar is late November or December. For example, in 2013 it started on November 27. The Hebrew word "" means re"dedication".

The "hanukiah" (or "hanukkah menorah") is a candle holder, an important Hanukkah symbol. It has nine branches. Traditionally, one candle is separated from the rest, usually by being higher than the other eight. On the first night, only one candle is lit, on the right side of the hanukiah. On the second night, a second candle is added, and they are lit from left to right -- but the Hanukkiah is filled from right to left. This continues for all eight nights. The candles are never lit directly - instead, the higher candle, (called a "shamash", meaning "attendant") is lit first, and then used to light the rest of the candles. While the candles are lit, blessings are said over them.

Jewish children often play a game called dreidel. The dreidel is a four-sided spinning top, each side having a Hebrew letter. The four letters (nun, gimel, hey, and shin) stand for the Hebrew phrase, "Nes gadol haya shaam," meaning, "A great miracle happened there." In Israel, by contrast, the dreidel reads "Po" instead of "shaam," meaning "here." So in Israel the phrase is, "a great miracle happened here."

Approximately 2,200 years ago, there was a war between the Greeks and the Jews. The Greeks won and forced their culture on the Jews. A group of Jewish people called the Maccabees led by someone named Matityahu revolted against the Greeks and after he died his son Judah Maccabee beat them and liberated Jerusalem. The Maccabees found their Temple defiled. They wanted to rededicate it to God, as the Greeks had been worshipping Zeus there. As part of the rededication, they needed to relight the menorah, whose source of fuel was olive oil.

According to the Talmud, the Jewish people only found a single jar of undefiled oil, and that oil was only enough to last a single day. The Jewish people took a leap of faith and relit the menorah. To their surprise, the menorah stayed lit for eight days, which was seven more days than they expected. The Jewish people attributed the surprising amount of time that the oil lasted to God (a miracle).

Hanukkah is an eight-day celebration, and each day commemorates each day that the oil lasted. On each day, a branch of the nine-branch Hanukkah menorah is lit with the "shamash" ("helper" candle), which sits on the middle branch.



Markkleeberg

Markkleeberg is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is on the river Pleiße and about south of Leipzig.

Döbeln

Döbeln is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is part of the rural district Mittelsachsen. Döbeln is on both banks of the river Freiberger Mulde.

Morgan County, Indiana

Morgan County is a county found in Indiana, United States. Almost 71,780 people were living in Morgan County as of 2020.




Morgan County

Morgan County can be any of the following counties in the United States:


Madrid Symphony Orchestra

The Madrid Symphony Orchestra () is an orchestra based in Madrid, the capital of Spain. It was started in 1903. 

The orchestra gave its first public concert under the conductor, Alonso Cordelás on 7 February 1904 at the Teatro Real. The next year Enrique Fernández Arbós became conductor of the orchestra, and he stayed with them for more than 30 years. The orchestra played a lot of Spanish music as well as music by composers from other European countries. Some very famous people such as Igor Stravinsky and Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra. The orchestra gave the first performances of famous pieces such as: Falla's "Nights in the Gardens of Spain" (1916) and Prokofiev's Second Violin Concerto (1935). 

During the Spanish Civil War it was difficult to keep the concerts going. After the war, in June 1939, Arbós died and many of the musicians had gone into exile because of the rise of the dictator General Francisco Franco. The conductor Enrique Jordá kept the orchestra going until 1945 when the World War II ended.

From 1958 the orchestra often played for comic Spanish operas called zarzuelas. They often travelled through Spain and to Portugal and Latin America giving concerts..

In 1965 a new orchestra, the Orquesta Sinfónica de RTVE, was started. This made things difficult for the Madrid Symphony Orchestra. They had to spend a lot of time playing for the Teatro de la Zarzuela. In the 1970s they made a lot of recordings of zarzuelas and Spanish operas. The recordings were very good, but they did not have much time for orchestral concerts.

After Franco’s death the orchestra became the official orchestra for the Teatro de la Zarzuela. Later, when a new concert hall, the Auditorio Nacional de Música was opened, the orchestra had more opportunity to give orchestra concerts. In 1997, the Orchestra moved out of the Teatro de la Zarzuela and moved to the Teatro Real where they will stay at least until 2009. The orchestra now have an educational plan to help young children listen to music and encourage them to play instruments.

Today the orchestra is conducted by Jesús López Cobos.



Spanish Republican government in exile

The Spanish Republican government in exile was a group of politicians who went into exile in France when the dictator Francisco Franco took power in Spain after the Spanish Civil War. They wanted to continue the government of the Second Spanish Republic. They hoped that democracy would come back to Spain after World War II, but Franco continued to rule for another 30 years.

After Franco's death in 1975, King Juan Carlos restored democratic government. In 1977 the exiled Republicans decided to accept Juan Carlos as king. The king let the exiled politicians come back to Spain.

World Baseball Classic

The World Baseball Classic (WBC) is an international baseball tournament by Major League Baseball and the International Baseball Federation. The first ever WBC was held in 2006 and was won by Japan. The second WBC was held in 2009, and Japan won again. The third WBC took place in 2013 and was won by Dominican Republic. The fourth WBC was take place in 2017 and was won by United States. The fifth WBC took place in 2023 and was won by Japan.

Sweet potato

The sweet potato ("Ipomoea batatas") is a plant that is a member of the morning glory family, grown for its sweet, edible, tuberous roots. Sweet potatoes contain a lot of fiber and beta-carotene. They are eaten around the world.

The sweet potato is not closely related to the common potato, but they both share the same name origin. The first Europeans to taste sweet potatoes were members of Christopher Columbus's expedition in 1492. There were local names for different cultivars for the sweet potato. However, the part of the name that remained was the indigenous Taino name of the potato, "batata". The Spanish combined the word "batata" with the Quechua word for potato, "papa", to create the word "patata" for the common potato.

In Argentina, Venezuela, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic the sweet potato is called "batata". In Mexico, Peru, Chile, Central America, and the Philippines, the sweet potato is known as "camote" ("kamote" in the Philippines).

In Peru, the Quechua name for a type of sweet potato is "kumar". This is very similar to the Polynesian name "kumara". This interesting naming pattern has led some scholars to suspect that the Polynesians were related to native South Americans.

In New Zealand, the most common cultivar is the red (which is actually colored purple) cultivar called "kumara". Kumara is very popular as a roasted food, often served with sour cream and sweet chili sauce. Occasionally, shops in Australia will label New Zealand purple cultivars as "purple sweet potato" to make it appear different from other cultivars. About 95% of Australia's production of sweet potatoes is the orange cultivar named 'Beauregard', originally from North America, known simply as "sweet potato".

In Peru, the use of sweet potatoes dates to about 7999 BC., which was Year 1, ADA.
Sir William Shakespeare wrote, "Let the sky rain potatoes!" in reference to sweet potatoes' aphrodisiac qualities, in "The Merry Wives of Windsor."

Sweet potatoes were introduced a food crop in Japan in 1735 and in Korea in 1764, G.


Georgie Henley

Georgina"Georgie" Helen Henley (born 9 July 1995) is an English child actress. She is known for playing Lucy Pevensie in "The Chronicles of Narnia" movie series.

Henley's first acting job was playing Lucy Pevensie in the 2005 movie "", based on the C.S. Lewis novel "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe". Henley has won the Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by a Youth Female in a Lead or Supporting Role and the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Feature Film — Young Actress Age Ten or Younger in 2006.

Henley played Lucy Pevensie again in the 2008 sequel to "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", "" and the 2010 sequel "".

Since "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" came out, Henley has been in the stage play "Babes in the Wood" at her local theatre group, which ran from 27 January to 4 February 2006. She also played the young Jane Eyre in the 2006 BBC TV show version of "Jane Eyre".

Henley was born on 9 July 1995, to Helen and Mike Henley, and has two older sisters, Rachael and Laura. Rachael played the older version of Lucy Pevensie in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe". Henley now lives in Ilkley, West Yorkshire, and attends Bradford Grammar School, where she is a member of the Ilkley Upstagers' Theatre Group

Henley is a supporter of SOS Children's Villages, an international orphan charity that gives homes and mothers to orphaned and abandoned children.


Zama, Kanagawa

Zama is a city in Kanagawa, Japan. Camp Zama is a large United States military base that is in the city.



Smyrna, Tennessee

Smyrna is a town of Rutherford County in the state of Tennessee in the United States. About 53,070 people were living in Smyrna as of 2020.


Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel

Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel is the sequel to the movie "Alvin and the Chipmunks". It is a live-action/CGI movie. It was first set to be shown in theaters on March 19, 2010, but the date was changed to December 23, 2009. The movie introduces the Chipettes. The movie stars Zachary Levi, David Cross, and Jason Lee and the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler, Jesse McCartney, Amy Poehler, Anna Faris, and Christina Applegate. The movie is being filmed at Woodrow Wilson Classical High School in Long Beach, CA.

In the sequel, Dave makes Alvin, Simon and Theodore go to school, saying that it is "good for them." He does not know that the Chipmunks feel like "Chipmunks Out of Water" because of all the (human) children around. Meanwhile, Ian (after the Chipmunks dealt him a serious blow) is freed from jail and searches the world for animals who can sing and dance. He finds the Chipettes and cannot wait to make them famous and get back at the Chipmunks.

In 2009, Betty Thomas signed on to direct.



Adamsville, Tennessee

Adamsville is a town of Hardin and McNairy counties in the state of Tennessee, in the United States. About 2,265 people were living in Adamsville as of 2020.


Hollow Rock, Tennessee

Hollow Rock is a town of Carroll County in the state of Tennessee in the United States. About 683 people were living in Hollow Rock as of 2020.

Mount Carmel, Tennessee

Mount Carmel is a town of Hawkins County in the state of Tennessee in the United States. About 5,473 people were living in Mount Carmel as of 2020. It is a part of the area known as the "Tri-Cities".

Mount Carmel once got national attention in the mid-2000s because of a CBS News story about the town's geography which is only on one side of the main road through the area. Since then, the city has bought property on the other side of the road and has built a cemetery.

New Deal

The New Deal was a series of programs launched by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt to solve the problems caused by the Great Depression. The New Deal is often split into two smaller New Deals: the First New Deal and the Second New Deal. During the First Hundred Days of Roosevelt's presidency, Roosevelt and his administration proposed many plans to fix the economy.

Percentage of non-agricultural workers in labor unions, 1930: 11.6%
Percentage of non-agricultural workers in labor unions, 1937: 22.6%
prcentage of non-agricultural workers in labor unions, 1945: 35.5%
Percentage of non-agricultural workers in labor unions, 1999: 13.9%

CCC: Civilian Conservation Corps
WPA: Works Progress Administration
FDR: Franklin Delano Roosevelt
AAA: Agricultural Adjustment Act
TVA: Tennessee Valley Authority
HOLC: Home Owners Loan Corporation
FERA: Federal Emergency Relief Administration
PWA: Public Works Administration
CWA: Civil Works Administration
NRA: National Recovery Administration

Cashew

The cashew is a tropical tree in the flowering plant. The plant is native to northeastern Brazil. It is now widely grown in tropical climates for its cashew nuts (see below) and cashew apples.

Cashew nuts are a popular snack and food source. Cashews, unlike other oily tree nuts, contain starch to about 10% of their weight. This makes them more effective than other nuts in thickening water-based dishes such as soups, meat stews, and some Indian milk-based desserts. Many southeast Asian and south Asian cuisines use cashews for this unusual characteristic, rather than other nuts.

Cashews can also be used to make cashew butter.

Because the shell of the cashew nut is toxic, it is removed before it is sold to consumers.

Ultra Beatdown

Ultra Beatdown is the fourth studio album by DragonForce. It was released on August 20, 2008 in Japan and on August 26, 2008 worldwide. It is the last album to feature ZP Theart on vocals before leaving the band.



Operation Ground and Pound

"Operation Ground and Pound" is the fourth track of British power metal band DragonForce's third album, "Inhuman Rampage". The track was the second music video to be released by the band. For the video, the song was shortened to 5 minutes. 

Heroes of Our Time

"Heroes of Our Time" is a song from British power metal band DragonForce. It is the first track and first single from their fourth studio album, "Ultra Beatdown". It was also the first video from the new album, but the song was shortened to about 5 minutes for the video.

The Last Journey Home

"The Last Journey Home" is the fifth track and second single from DragonForce's fourth studio album, "Ultra Beatdown". The song was also made into a video, but was shortened to about 5 minutes for it.

HammerFall

HammerFall is a heavy metal/power metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. The band was started in 1993 by the former guitarist of Ceremonial Oath, Oscar Dronjak.

HammerFall began when guitarist Oscar Dronjak quit Ceremonial Oath and invited Jesper Strömblad from In Flames to join him as a drummer on a new band he had been thinking about for a long time. Dronjak had already made the song "Steel Meets Steel", which was included on HammerFall's first album. They were later joined by guitarist Niklas Sundin, bassist Johann Larsson and vocalist Mikael Stanne. When Niklas Sundin and Johann Larsson left HammerFall the next year, Glenn Ljungström and Fredrik Larsson replaced them.

Both Dronjak and Strömblad were in other bands: Dronjak was in "Crystal Age", Strömblad was in In Flames. Because of this, HammerFall was not very active during this time. The only concert they played was a local music contest called "Rockslaget". The band had not written many songs yet, and usually only played covers of bands like Pretty Maids, Judas Priest and Alice Cooper.

In 1996, HammerFall was playing in "Rockslaget". They found out Mikael Stanne was not going to be able to perform with the band. Because of this, they started looking for a new singer. They got in contact with Joacim Cans, who agreed to play with them for the night. By the end of that day, Joacim had already been made an official member of the band.

To try to get a record deal, HammerFall recorded a live concert and sent it to the Dutch label, Vic Records. The band got an offer, and spent the rest of the year recording "Glory to the Brave". The album was released in the Netherlands first and did pretty well.

As HammerFall became more famous, some of the band members needed to leave because they were already in other bands. To fill the empty musical spots, Stefan Elmgren assumed the lead guitar and Patrik Räfling assumed the drums and Fredrik decided to remain in the band until a suitable replacement for him was found. In May of 1997, bassist Magnus Rosén joined the band. Stefan Elmgren played some of the guitars on the "Glory to the Brave" album (such as the acoustic guitars on "I Believe") and Patrik Räfling actually played the drums on all songs in place of Jesper, but only as a guest performers, not members of the band.

In early 1997, German label Nuclear Blast approached HammerFall with a contract for a European release of four albums. The deal was accepted and the band recorded two music videos "HammerFall" and "Glory to the Brave". After the release of a promotional single, "Glory to the Brave" was released in Europe. 

They did their first tours in Europe with Gamma Ray, Jag Panzer, Lake of Tears and Raven.

Near the end of 2007, "Glory to the Brave" was released in Japan and the United States. They sold over 100,000 copies of the album.

In February 1998, they began recording "Legacy of Kings". This album was made by Joacim, Oscar, and Jesper. Jesper had already quit the band, but wanted to help with the album. The album was produced by Fredrik Nordström (from Dream Evil) and Oscar, with the help of Joacim. It took the band one and a half months to record the album.

Before releasing the album, they toured with Alice Cooper, Rammstein, Deep Purple, Dream Theater, Saxon and Stratovarius. On the tour, they played the Beach Boys album "Wild Honey" in its entirety.

Their first world tour was in October 1998. During the shows in Sweden, Joacim Cans caught a serious throat infection, and he could not sing. Magnus Rosén also caught the infection, and after him, all of HammerFall's support crew became sick. The band played for as long as possible and then were had to cancel some of their concerts. 

After the tour, Anders Johansson, a friend of Magnus Rosén, joined as the new drummer.

After many concerts, the band went back to Sweden and began writing songs for their next album. It took eight weeks to record, and they named it "Renegade". A music video by director Roger Johansson was created for the Renegade, and it reached the top of the Swedish charts; then the album also reached the top of the charts.

The band's second world tour started in January 2001. 

After the tour, HammerFall recorded their fourth album "Crimson Thunder".

While Joacim was at a rock club he had been frequenting for over a decade, he was attacked by an person who hit him in the head with a beer glass and ran away. Joacim had to be taken to a hospital, where he had plastic surgery and rested for a couple of days. 

HammerFall toured after the release of the album. The tour was stopped when Oscar Dronjak had a motorcycle accident, breaking his left arm. HammerFall took a break because of this. Stefan decided to start flying airplanes, Magnus and Anders worked with other bands, and Joacim started on his own project. Joacim also had his first child.

Oscar worked with a team of doctors to get healthy again. After recovering, he toured with HammerFall again.
Their live album and DVD, "One Crimson Night", was released in February 2003. After this, they decided to take a break. Two years later, the band released "". A video for the song "Blood Bound" was made by director Roger Johansson.

On October 20, 2006, HammerFall released "Threshold".

On March 6, 2007, Magnus Rosén left the band. He said he didn't like being in HammerFall because the bass parts of the song were too easy to play, and wanted more of a challenge.

On April 2, 2008 Stefan Elmgren decided to leave HammerFall so he could become and airplane pilot. Pontus Norgren from The Poodles took over guitar in the band. 

HammerFall's latest album, No Sacrifice, No Victory, was released February 23, 2009.



Studio albums

Joacim Cans

Joacim Cans (born 19 February 1970 in Mora, Sweden) is a Swedish singer. He is the lead singer of HammerFall, a Swedish power metal band. 

"Beyond the Gates" (2004)



Oscar Dronjak

Oscar Fredrick Dronjak (born January 20 1972) is the rhythm guitarist of the power metal band HammerFall. Prior to the success of HammerFall, he also played in the death metal bands Ceremonial Oath and Crystal Age.

Pontus Norgren

Pontus Norgren (born 22 April 1968) is a Swedish guitarist. He is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and the former guitarist of The Poodles. 

Fredrik Larsson

Fredrik Larsson is the bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall.

Anders Johansson

Anders Johansson (born 25 May 1962 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish musician. He is the son of Jan Johansson, jazz pianist, and brother of keyboardist Jens Johansson. He is the current drummer for the Swedish power metal band HammerFall.

Johan Larsson

Johan Larsson (b. 8 December 1974) is a Swedish guitarist. He was the first bassist of the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames. Johan was also the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but quit before the band recorded a studio album.


Niklas Sundin

Niklas Sundin, (born August 13 1974 in Sweden), is the guitarist of Dark Tranquillity and Laethora, and was guitarist for the band HammerFall.

Jesper Strömblad

Jesper Strömblad (born on November 28, 1972) is the guitarist of the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames. He also started the band HammerFall.

Mikael Stanne

Mikael Stanne (b. May 28, 1974) is a Swedish singer. He is the singer for the Swedish melodic death metal band, Dark Tranquillity. He was the first vocalist of HammerFall.

Glenn Ljungström

Glenn Ljungström was the guitarist of the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames with Jesper Strömblad. He was a member of In Flames from 1993 until 1997, when he quit to find another job. Glenn was also a guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall from 1995 until 1997. 




Magnus Rosén

Klas Magnus Rosén is a Swedish musician, born 1963 in Gothenburg, and was the bassist of Swedish band HammerFall.

Magnus Rosén started to play the bass when he was 15 years old. When he had played bass for three years he went on his first tour with the band Kung Sune. After the tour he moved to Los Angeles. He became a member in the Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall in 1997. 

Stefan Elmgren

Stefan Elmgren (born 1974) was the guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall from 1997 to 2008. Before becoming a member of HammerFall, he was the guitarist in the band Highlander.

In 2007, Elmgren left Hammerfall to focus on his career as a pilot.

Glory to the Brave

Glory to the Brave is the first album from the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. The cover art was painted by Andreas Marshall.


Legacy of Kings

Legacy of Kings is the second album from Swedish metal band HammerFall. It was released September 28, 1998.



Renegade (HammerFall album)

Renegade is HammerFall's third album, the first with drummer Anders Johansson. It was released on October 9, 2000.


"Head Over Heels" was released as bonus track on digipack and Brazilian versions of "Renegade"


Crimson Thunder

Crimson Thunder was the fourth album from Swedish metal band HammerFall. It was released on October 28, 2002.


"Bonus tracks"



One Crimson Night

One Crimson Night is a two-disc live album and DVD by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. The album was recorded during a concert at Lisebergshallen, Sweden. The DVD with the live video was released on June 29, 2004.





Chapter V: Unbent, Unbowed, Unbroken

Chapter V: Unbent, Unbowed, Unbroken is an album by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. It was released on March 4, 2005.



Threshold (album)

Threshold was Swedish power metal band HammerFall's fifth album.



Steel Meets Steel – Ten Years of Glory

Steel Meets Steel: Ten Years of Glory is a compilation album from Swedish power metal group HammerFall.




Masterpieces (album)

Masterpieces is the second complilation album by the Swedish power metal band HammerFall.



No Sacrifice, No Victory

No Sacrifice, No Victory is the seventh studio album by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. It was released February 20, 2009. This is the first album featuring the band's new lead guitarist Pontus Norgren.



Glory to the Brave (song)

"Glory to be Brave" is a song by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. It was released as a single on October 20, 1997. 



Heeding the Call

"Heeding the Call" is a song by HammerFall. It was released as their second single on August 3, 1998.



Hearts on Fire (HammerFall song)

"Hearts on Fire" is a 2002 song by Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall. It was the only single released from their fourth album, "Crimson Thunder".



Paper clip

A paper clip (or sometimes paperclip) is a piece of plastic or metal that is used to hold pieces of paper together.

A paper clip is usually a thin wire in a shape that is wrapped in on itself. It is used to hold two or more pieces of paper together by pressure. Some other kinds of paper clips use two pieces.

The type of wire paper clip that is usually used was never patented. It was first made by The Gem Manufacturing Company sometime during the 1890s. The first time Gem was mentioned was in 1883, but historians do not think this is when they began making paper clips. The first advertisement for paper clips was in August 1894. The "Gem" name was trademarked in the United States in 1904. The trademark paperwork said that the paper clip had been sold since March 1892.

It has been said that Herbert Spencer invented the paper clip.

It is proven that the paper clip was well known by 1899. A patent was given that year for a "machine to make wire paper clips" to William Middlebrook on April 27. The drawing in the patent shows a Gem paper clip. There are many different kinds of paper clips. Some have pointy ends instead of round ones. Some have a bent end. This was done so that it is easier to put paper in. Some of them have wires with bumps that allow them to hold the paper better. Some paper clips are made to look good. They are sometimes in a triangle or a circle.

A Norwegian, Johan Vaaler (1866–1910), has sometimes been called the inventor of the paper clip. He was given patents in Germany and in the United States for a paper clip of a different design

After Vaaler died, some Norwegians made a myth that the paper clip was invented by a Norwegian genius. Dictionaries in Norway since the 1950s have said that Vaaler is the inventor of the paper clip. Dictionaries in other countries sometimes say this now too.

Vaaler was probably given a patent in other countries because patent laws in the 1800s were not as tough as they are today. Vaaler worked in a patent office, or place that deals with patents, and could have given himself a patent very easily.

The patents that Vaaler held have since expired. The Gem paper clip was used around the world, including in Norway. His device did not work as well as the Gem version. This was because it was hard to put pieces of paper in it, and it did not look as good when there was paper in it.

The person who started the Norwegian paper clip myth was a person who worked for Norway's patent office. He visited Germany in the 1920s to get patents for some Norwegian inventions. He came across Vaaler's patent, and did not realize that it was not the same as the Gem paper clip. In a pamphlet put out by the patent office in celebration of its first 50 years, he wrote about how Vaaler was the inventor of the paper clip. This was put into many Norwegian encyclopedias after World War II.

The war helped make the paper clip into a national symbol. Some Norwegian patriots wore them on the outside of their clothing as a symbol of resistance to the German occupiers and local Nazi rulers when they were not allowed to protest. Soon, the Nazi's made wearing them illegal.

The first Norwegian encyclopedia did mention it as a symbol of resistance, but did not call it a Norwegian invention. According to the encyclopedia, the idea started in France.

After the war, Norway believed the paper clip was a national symbol. Authors of books on the history of Norwegian technology used its status to make their stories bigger. The did not mention that Vaaler's clip was not the same as the Gem clip. In 1989, a big paper clip, almost 7 meters tall was put up in a college near Oslo in honor of Vaaler. The monument is a Gem paper clip, and not the one that was patented by Vaaler. In 1999, 100 years after the German patent was accepted, Norway celebrated by making a postage stamp that had a paper clip on it. However, it was once again the Gem paper clip in the stamp. In 2005, there was a Norwegian biography written about Johan Vaaler, 'The inventor of the paper clip.'

Paper clips are usually made out of wire. A paper clip can be useful when working with many things, like computers. The metal wire can be made straight with a little bit of work. Some things have buttons that cannot be reached by fingers if the people who make the device do not want users pressing them accidentally. Most CD-ROM drives have small buttons like this to eject the CD-ROM if there is not any power. A paper clip bent into a 'U' shape can be used to create a short circuit to start a computer if there is no power button.

Kyle MacDonald took one red paperclip and traded it for a house. He began with a red paper clip and posted it on craigslist, trading it for a pen. MacDonald kept trading things until he finally traded a movie role for a two-story house in Kipling, Saskatchewan.

Paper clips can be used to pick a lock. Usually, professional lock picking tools are used, because most paper clips are not strong enough for this use.



"Patents"

Pe (Cyrillic)

Pe (П, п) is the fifteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [p]. Its italic lowercase form is "п".

It comes from the Greek letter pi and stands for the Roman letter P.


Cryonics

Cryonics (from Greek "kryos", which means 'cold') is the process of a human (or animal) about after a doctor says they are dead. People do that in hope that, in the future when medicine becomes better, they can have life again, solve their health problems and have eternal life.

Cold people like this are not awake at all as they have no brain activity. The law also says they are dead. Their body and its brain are made more like glass than ice because ice would harm their cells more. To do this, their blood is replaced with chemicals called "cryoprotectants", which act like anti-freeze (stops to freeze).

There are five big cryonics companies:


Schwarzenberg, Saxony

Schwarzenberg ( ]) is a town in the rural district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony, Germany. The town was built in the 12th century. It is located about southeast of Aue, and southwest of Chemnitz.

Communes of the Haute-Vienne department

There are 201 communes in the Haute-Vienne "département", in France.

Kipling, Saskatchewan

Kipling is a town in the southeastern part of Saskatchewan in Canada.

On 12 July 2006, Kyle MacDonald traded with the town of Kipling after he traded many times starting with one red paperclip.


Balsam Lake, Wisconsin

Balsam Lake is a village of Polk County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. It is the county seat of Polk County. About 950 people were living in Balsam Lake as of 2000.


Balsam Lake

Balsam Lake can be any of the following:



Balsam Lake (town), Wisconsin

Balsam Lake is a town of Polk County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The village of Balsam Lake is found inside of the town. Almost 1,400 people were living in the town of Balsam Lake as of 2000.

Friendship, Wisconsin

Friendship is a village of Adams County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. Nearly 700 people were living in Friendship as of 2000.

Friendship (town), Wisconsin

Friendship is a town of Fond du Lac County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. About 2,400 people were living in the town of Friendship as of 2000.

Iron Ridge, Wisconsin

Iron Ridge is a village of Dodge County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. Almost 1,000 people were living in Iron Ridge as of 2000.

Lime Ridge, Wisconsin

Lime Ridge is a village of Sauk County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. About 170 people were living in Lime Ridge as of 2000.

Bellevue, Washington

Bellevue is a city of King County in the state of Washington, in the United States. It is found across Lake Washington from Seattle.

Grapevine

Grapevine can be any of the following:


San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca

San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca is a city in the north-west of Argentina.

It is the capital city of the Catamarca Province. In 2010, 159,139 people lived there.

Ceremonial Oath

Ceremonial Oath was a Swedish death metal band who started making music in 1989 when they called themselves "Desecrator" and stopped in 1995.In their six years, they released two demos, one EP, and two full-length albums. 






The Poodles

The Poodles were a glam metal/heavy metal band from Sweden.




Nuclear Blast

Nuclear Blast is a record label. It was founded in 1987 by Markus Staiger in Germany. At first, it released hardcore punk records. After a while, they started releasing albums by melodic death metal, grindcore, power metal and black metal bands. Their most successful artists include Blind Guardian, Soilwork, In Flames, Meshuggah, Therion, Dimmu Borgir, Nile, Death, HammerFall, Sonata Arctica, Epica, Wintersun, and Nightwish.


Nuclear explosion

A nuclear explosion is energy being released from a very fast nuclear reaction. It can be caused by nuclear fission, nuclear fusion, or both.

Atmospheric nuclear explosions are associated with "mushroom clouds", although mushroom clouds can occur as a result of large chemical explosions. It is also possible to have an air-burst nuclear explosion without these clouds. Nuclear explosions produce radiation and radioactive debris.

The first nuclear weapon was detonated on July 16, 1945, when the United States tested a Plutonium type implosion-device called Gadget in Trinity Site, New Mexico. The second use of a nuclear weapon was in combat on August 6th when the United States dropped a uranium type device called Little Boy on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. The United States also bombed Nagasaki three days later with a similar bomb to Gadget, called Fat Man, making it the last use of nuclear weapons in combat. These bombings resulted in the immediate deaths of around 120,000 to 220,000 people while more died over time due the nuclear radiation. 

Power plant accidents such as those at Chernobyl and Fukushima were caused by steam and hydrogen explosions, not nuclear explosions. The fuel in a nuclear power plant is not enriched enough to create a nuclear explosion.


St. Mirren F.C.

Saint Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley, Renfrewshire. St. Mirren play in the Scottish Premiership, having been promoted from the Championship in 2017-18. They are managed by Jim Goodwin.

Boardroom

Coaching and Medical Staff

Polygar Wars

Polygar War or Palayakarar Wars refers to the wars fought between the Polygars ("Palayakarrars") of former Madurai Kingdom in Tamil Nadu, India and the British colonial forces between March 1799 to May 1802. The British finally won after carrying out long and difficult protracted jungle campaigns against the Polygar armies and finally defeated them. Many lives were lost on both sides and the victory over Polygars made large part of territories of Tamil Nadu coming under British control enabling them to get a strong hold in India.

The war between the British and Kattabomman Nayak of Panchalankurichi Palayam in the then Tirunelveli region is often classified as the First Polygar war. In 1799, a brief meeting (over pending taxes) between Kattabomman and the British ended in a bloody encounter in which the British commander of the forces was slain by the former. A price was put on Kattabomman head prompting many Polygars to an open rebellion. 

After a series of battles in the Panchalankurichi fort with additional reinforcements from Thiruchirapalli, Kattabomman was defeated but he escaped to the jungles in Pudukottai country. Here he was captured by Pudukottai Rajah (after an agreement with the British) and after a summary trial Kattabomman was hanged in front of the public in order to intimidate them, near Kayattar Fort, close to the town of Kovilpatti and in front of fellow Polygars too who had been summoned to witness the execution.

Subramania Pillai, a close associate of Kattabomman Nayak, was also publicly hanged and his head was fixed on a pike at Panchalankurichi for public view. Soundra Pandian Nayak, another rebel leader, was brutally done to death by having his head dashed against a village wall. Kattabomman’s brother Oomaidurai was imprisoned in Palayankottai prison while the fort was razed to ground and his wealth looted by the troops.

Despite the suppression of the First Polygar War in 1799, rebellion broke out again in 1800. The Second war was more stealthy and covert in nature. The leaders operated more cohesive and united with people from Kerala and Mysore taking part. Also it marked the joining of entire west Tamil Nadu, Malabar and south Mysore regions (which was under British domain after the death of Tipu Sultan).Dheeran Chinnamalai commanded a vast army,He settled down at Odanilai and constructed a fort there to continue his struggle against the British, whom he defeated in battles at Cauvery in 1801, Odanilai in 1802 and Arachalur in 1804. Later, Dheeran Chinnamalai left his fort to avoid cannon attack and engaged in guerrilla warfare while he was stationed at Karumalai in the Palani region.

He was betrayed by his cook and captured by the British, who hanged him at Sankari Fort on July 31, 1805.

The British finally won after a long expensive campaign that took more than a year. However, the superior British military who had recently defeated the powerful Tipu Sultan of Mysore quickly asserted itself. The British had better artillery compared to the Polygar troops who had country-made gunfire artillery, barring a few proper ones received from erstwhile Tipu Sultan's army. The war being regional in nature, the British forces could easily mobilize additional forces from other regions.
So savage and extensive was the death and destruction wrought by the English that the entire region was left in a state of terror.
Dheeran Chinnamalai was betrayed by his cook and captured by the British, who hanged him at Sankari Fort on July 31 or August 2, 1805. At last entire region of Tamil Nadu came under the control of Britishers after the end of Chinnamalai.

Tamil Nadu government constructed a "mani mandapam" (memorial) for Chinnamalai in Arachalur, Erode district at a cost of about 30 lakhs. Tamil Nadu government placed a statue of Chinnamalai in Chennai.[1]


Dheeran Chinnamalai

Dheeran Chinnamalai ( born as Theerthagiri Sarkkarai Uttama Kāminda Mandraadiyaar (Surname of Payiran Kulam Gotra of ) on April 17, 1756) was a Kongu chieftain and Palayakkarar from Tamil Nadu who rose up in revolt against the British East India Company in the Kongu Nadu, Southern India. He was born in Melapalayam, near Erode in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

He was one of the main leaders in the Polygar Wars and commanded a vast army, notably during the Second Polygar War that took place in 1801–1802. A thousand-strong army under him took French Military training in modern warfare alongside Tipu's Mysore forces to fight against the British East India company. They helped Tipu Sultan in his war against the British and were instrumental in victories at Chitheswaram, Mazahavalli and Srirangapatna. 


Rainbow lorikeet

The rainbow lorikeet ("Trichoglossus haematodus") is an Australasian parrot. This brightly colored parrot lives on the east coast of Australia, eastern Indonesia (Maluku and Western New Guinea), Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.

In Australia, it is common along the eastern seaboard, from Queensland to South Australia and Tasmania. Its habitat is rainforest, coastal bush and woodland areas. 

It has a number of subspecies. Some classifications list about 20 subspecies.

In some places, such as Western Australia and the North Island of New Zealand, they have been artificially introduced, and are seen as a pest species.

The rainbow lorikeet is a large lorikeet, about tall. It is has green feathers on its back, wings and tail. It has bright red feathers on the chest, with orange and yellow feathers on the sides of its chest. It has deep blue feathers on its abdomen and head. It also has stripes of yellow among its green feathers. It has a bright red bill with grey legs and feet.

Rainbow lorikeets eat mostly fruit, pollen and nectar. They have a tongue adapted for their particular food. Nectar from eucalyptus is important in Australia. Other important sources of nectar are "Pittosporum", "Grevillea", "Spathodea campanulata" (African tulip-tree), and "Metroxylon sagu" (sago palm). In Melanesia, coconuts are a very important source of food, and rainbow lorikeets are important pollinators of coconuts. They also eat the fruits of "Ficus", "Trema", "Mutingia", as well as papaya and mangoes already opened by fruit bats. They also eat crops such as apples, and will take maize and sorghum. They will also visit bird feeders placed in gardens.

In many places, including campsites and suburban gardens, wild lorikeets are so used to humans that they can be fed by hand.

Semi-tame lorikeets are common daily visitors in many backyards in Sydney. But, many people are ignorant of the food they need to eat, and feed them bread or bread coated with honey. Bread and honey do not have the nutrients, vitamins and minerals that the rainbow lorikeet needs, and this practice can lead to health and feather problems in young lorikeets. Packet mixes with a nutritional mix that is good for feeding lorikeets are generally available from vets and pet stores.

Rainbow lorikeets are monogamous and pair for life. Male and female rainbow lorikeets look almost identical. They are strongly territorial, and chase off other birds.

In southern Australia, breeding usually happens from late winter to early summer (August to January). In other places in Australia, breeding has been recorded in every month except March. It depends on changes in food availability and climate. Nesting sites can include hollows of tall trees such as eucalyptus, palm trunks, or overhanging rock. One lorikeet population in the Admiralty Islands nests in holes in the ground on predator-free islets. Pairs sometimes nest in the same tree with other rainbow lorikeet pairs, or other types of bird. Rainbow lorikeets lay between one and three eggs, which are incubated for around 25 days. Incubation is carried out by the female alone.

Overall, the rainbow lorikeet is widespread and often common. According to the annual Birdlife Australia census, it is the most commonly observed bird in Australia. It is considered to be a least concern species by BirdLife International.

The rainbow lorikeet was accidentally released into the southwest of Western Australia near the University of Western Australia in the 1960s, and they have since been classified as a pest.

A feral population of rainbow lorikeets was established in New Zealand after an Auckland resident illegally released many rainbow lorikeets in the area in the 1990s, which started breeding in the wild. The Department of Conservation was concerned that rainbow lorikeets would outcompete native honeyeaters. They could also be a possible threat to nearby islands like the Little Barrier Island. They began killing the feral population in 2000.

Many owners of fruit orchards think of rainbow lorikeets as a pest, as they often fly in groups and take fresh fruit from trees. In urban areas, the birds create nuisance noise and poop on outdoor areas and vehicles.

In Western Australia, the rainbow lorikeet competes with native bird species. This includes domination of food sources and competition for scarce nesting hollows. Different types of birds such as the purple-crowned lorikeet, the Carnaby's black cockatoo, and the Australian ringneck are affected.


Verdict

A verdict is a term in law. It is the formal finding of a fact by a jury of a court. In a criminal court, the accused may be found guilty or not guilty. 
In Scotland, the acquittal is one of two types: "not guilty" and "not proven".

Gosport (disambiguation)

Gosport can be any of the following:


Gosport, Indiana

Gosport is a town of Wayne Township in Owen County, of the state Indiana in the United States. There were 842 people living in Gosport as of 2020.

Winona Ryder

Winona Laura Horowitz (born October 29, 1971), better known under her professional name Winona Ryder, is an American actress. She started her career in 1986. She first appeared in the movie "Lucas" in 1986. Her first big role came in 1988 with "Beetlejuice" as Lydia Deetz, a Gothic teenager.

Ryder had other big roles in "Edward Scissorhands" (1990), "Heathers" (1989), "Dracula" (1992) and "Girl, Interrupted" (1999). She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "The Age of Innocence" (1993), and for Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as "Jo" in "Little Women" in 1995. She did not win either of the awards. In 2000, Ryder received a star on the Walk of Fame in Hollywood, California.


World Poverty and Human Rights

World Poverty and Human Rights is a 2002 book by Thomas Pogge. In the book, Pogge says that the poorest 46 percent of people have 1.2 percent of global income, and 826 million of them do not have enough to eat. One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes: 18 million annually, including 12 million children under five.

At the other end of the spectrum, the 15 percent of people in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income. Pogge says that shifting 1 or 2 percent of our share toward poverty eradication seems morally compelling. Yet most of the rich people believe that they have no such responsibility.

Psittacinae

The Psittacinae is a subfamily in the parrot family. It contains the true parrots, parakeets and macaws, but not the lories, lorikeets and cockatoos.

Edmund Husserl

Edmund Gustav Albrecht Husserl (; April 8, 1859, Prostějov, Moravia, Austrian Empire – April 26, 1938, Freiburg, Germany) was an Austrian-German philosopher and mathematician who is deemed the founder of phenomenology. He broke with the positivist orientation of the science and philosophy of his time, believing that experience is the source of all knowledge.

Husserl studied mathematics under Karl Weierstraß, completing a Ph.D. under Leo Königsberger, and studied philosophy under Franz Brentano and Carl Stumpf.

Then Husserl taught philosophy, as a "Privatdozent" at Halle from 1887, and as a professor:


Husserl was born into a Jewish family in a town that was then in the Austrian Empire (after 1918 a part of Czechoslovakia, and since 1993 a part of the Czech Republic). He became a member of the Lutheran Church in 1886.

He initially studied mathematics but then started attending lectures on psychology and philosophy. Husserl was so impressed by Brentano that he decided to dedicate his life to philosophy.
His major written work is "Philosophie der Arithmetik" (1891). In these first works he tries to combine mathematics, psychology and philosophy with a main goal to provide a sound foundation for mathematics. He analyzes the psychological process needed to obtain the concept of number and then tries to build up a systematical theory on this analysis. To achieve this he uses several methods and concepts taken from his teachers. From Weierstrass he gets the idea that we generate the concept of number by counting a certain collection of objects. From Brentano and Stumpf he takes over the distinction between "proper" and "improper" presenting.

In an example Husserl explains this in the following way: if you are standing in front of a house, you have a proper, direct presentation of that house, but if you are looking for it and ask for directions, then these directions (e.g. the house on the corner of this and that street) are an indirect, improper presentation. In other words, you can have a proper presentation of an object if it is actually present, and an improper (or symbolic as he also calls it) if you only can indicate that object through signs, symbols, etc. 
Another important element that Husserl took over from Brentano is intentionality. It is the notion that the main characteristic of consciousness is that it is always intentional. While often simplistically summarised as "aboutness" or the relationship between mental acts and the external world, Brentano defined it as the main characteristic of "mental phenomena", by which they could be distinguished from "physical phenomena".

Some years after the publication of his main work, the "Logische Untersuchungen" ("Logical Investigations"; 1900-1901) Husserl made some key conceptual elaborations which led him to assert that in order to study the structure of consciousness, one would have to distinguish between the act of consciousness and the phenomena at which it is directed (the object-in-itself, transcendent to consciousness). 

Knowledge of essences would only be possible by "bracketing" all assumptions about the existence of an external world. He called this procedure "epoché".

Husserl then started to concentrate on the ideal, essential structures of consciousness.

The metaphysical problem of establishing what kind of reality we perceive was of little interest to Husserl in spite of his being a transcendental idealist.

Husserl proposed that the world of objects and ways in which we direct ourselves toward and perceive those objects is normally conceived of in what he called the "natural standpoint", which is characterized by a belief that objects materially exist and exhibit properties that we see as emanating from them.

Husserl proposed a radical new phenomenological way of looking at objects by examining how we in our many ways of being intentionally directed toward them, actually " "constitute" " them (to be distinguished from materially " "creating objects or objects" ".

In a later period, Husserl began to wrestle with the complicated issues of intersubjectivity, specifically, how communication about an object can be assumed to refer to the same ideal entity ("Cartesian Meditations", Meditation V).

Husserl tries new methods of bringing his readers to understand the importance of phenomenology to scientific observation: specifically he refers to psychology) and what he means for "bracketing natural attitude".

"The Crisis of the European Sciences" is Husserl's unfinished work that deals most directly with these issues. In it, Husserl for the first time attempts a historical overview of the development of Western philosophy and science, emphasizing the challenges presented by their increasingly (one-sidedly) empirical and naturalistic orientation.

Husserl declares that mental and spiritual reality possess their own reality independent of any physical basis.


Anthologies:


Er (Cyrillic)

Er (Р, р) is the sixteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [r].

It comes from the Greek letter rho and stands for the Roman letter R.


Es (Cyrillic)

Es (С, с) is the seventeenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [s].

It comes from the Greek letter sigma and stands for the Roman letter S.


Te (Cyrillic)

Te (Т, т) is the fifteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [t]. The lowercase's т italic looks like an "т".

It comes from the Greek letter tau and stands for the Roman letter T.


U (Cyrillic)

U (У, у) is the eighteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like
It comes from the Greek letter upsilon and stands for the Roman letter U.


Lucas (movie)

Lucas is a 1986 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by David Seltzer, It was released on March 28, 1986. The movie was a geared toward a teen audience. This movie ranked number 16 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the 50 Best High School Movies .

The main character of the movie, "Lucas" is a shy and quiet, fourteen-year-old nerd, who is in love with a girl. This leads to heartbreak when his older friend and the girl fall in love.

Orto botanico di Pisa

The Orto botanico di Pisa, also known as the Orto Botanico dell'Università di Pisa, is a botanical garden, and the University of Pisa takes care of it. The garden is at via Luca Ghini 5, Pisa, Italy. It is open weekday mornings and it does not cost money to see it.

The garden was started in 1544 under Cosimo I de' Medici as the first university botanical garden in Europe, and it was put under the care of the famous botanist Luca Ghini of Imola. In 1563 the garden was moved from its original place near a river (now the Medicean Arsenal) to one near the convent of Santa Marta. In 1591 the garden was again moved to a third place, where it still is. From these early times, the garden has contained a gallery of natural objects (now Pisa's Museo di Storia Naturale), a library (now part of the university library), and portraits of its directors throughout the centuries. It also includes one of the earliest iron-framed hothouses built in Italy.

Today there are different sections in the garden containing the botanical school, gardens, ponds, greenhouses, and various buildings. Major collections include herb gardens and arboreta, as well as the old botany institute, built 1591–1595, with a facade ornamented with sea-shells.



Seismology

Seismology is the study of what is under the surface of the Earth by measuring vibrations on the Earth's surface. A person who does this is called a seismologist. 

It is part of the science of geophysics, which studies the physics of the processes that formed the Earth and other planets. 

Seismology is done by seismologists and geophysicists using devices to pick up the vibrations called geophones, hydrophones or seismometers.

Seismology can either be passive, just listening to vibrations caused by earthquakes and volcanic activity, or active, using small explosive charges to send vibrations into the ground.

Seismic detectors come in two types, one which measures up and down vibrations, and one which measures side to side vibrations. Both types use and arrangement of a magnet and a coil of wire which will convert the vibrations into an electrical signal which can be stored in a computer for analysis. The earliest seismometer was developed by the Chinese. 

Seismologists can find the location of earthquakes by plotting received vibrations on a map. They can also pick up underground nuclear tests, and this is what many of the seismic recording stations were set up for.

They can also examine the crust in a seismic survey to try and find information about layers of rock, locate oil or gas fields and to get information about the internal structure of volcanos. 


Godparent

A godparent is an adult who sponsors a child during a formal religious ceremony or rite. Many religions have godparents or other adults who do something almost the same. These religions include Christianity & Judaism and Islam. Usually a godparent must be a member of the religion of the child. The role of a god parent is to also give the god child a gift, small or big, money, toys, etc. Mainly on Sundays.

Originally a godparent was someone who agreed to help raise the child and help them to become a good member of the religion. They may also have taken over as parent to the child if both its real parents died. Today, the role of godparent is not often a formal one, and has no real responsibility to the child. A female child of a godparent is a goddaughter. A male child of a godparent is a godson.

Nystagmus

Nystagmus, often called "dancing eyes", is an eye condition which causes uncontrolled, rapid, jerky, movement of the eyes, usually from side to side, but sometimes up and down or in a circular motion. Most people with nystagmus have poor vision. It causes problems in education, employment and many social situations. Nystagmus cannot be fixed by spectacles or contact lenses, although many people with nystagmus wear glasses or contact lenses to correct other eye problems.

There are two types of Nystagmus. The first is Infantile Nystagmus Syndrome (INS) which some people have at birth. The second type is known as acquired nystagmus which has a number of causes including:


There are currently no cures for nystagmus, but UK Nystagmus Network supports and encourages medical and other research into this complex condition. Research is ongoing with a number of universities leading the way.


Susanna (Book of Daniel)

The story of Susanna and the Elders is found in some Bibles inside chapter three of the Book of Daniel. These sections are sometimes called Additions to Daniel. Modern Jewish and Protestant Bibles do not have this story but Catholic and Orthodox ones have it. This story is found before Daniel 1:1 as a prologue in very old Greek texts. It is found as chapter 13 in the Vulgate and modern Catholic Bibles.

In the story, two bad judges secretly want to have sexual intercourse with Susanna, a beautiful and virtuous wife. One hot day, she takes a bath inside her walled garden but she does not know that the judges are hiding inside the garden. The judges tell her to have sex with them but she doesn't want to. When she refuses, they tell the people of the village that they saw her having sex with a man who was not her husband. This is called adultery, which was against the law at that time. The people of the village believe the judges and want to kill Susanna. A boy named Daniel does not believe the judges, so he asks one of the judges to go away and the other one to say what he saw. Daniel does this again with the other judge. The judges tell different stories, showing that they lied. The people get mad and kill the judges instead.

El Bierzo

El Bierzo is a shire in the province of León, Spain. The capital is the town of Ponferrada. Other major towns are Bembibre and Villafranca del Bierzo.


Lime kiln

A lime kiln is a kiln used to produce quicklime by the calcination of limestone (calcium carbonate). The chemical equation for this reaction is:

Limestone is poured into one side of the kiln, it is then heated up with hot air and quicklime [Calcium Oxide] comes out the other end.
Waste Gases come out of the top of the kiln.

Grant (money)

Grants are non-repayable money or products given by one party (grant makers) to a recipient, for example a person or group. Many times, grants go from a government to a nonprofit organization, educational program, a business, or a person. 

People may have to write proposals or fill out applications for grants. Getting a grant may involve following rules and reporting back to whoever gave the grant on how the money is being used.

Say It Again (Natasha Bedingfield song)

Say It Again is a single by Natasha Bedingfield originally released in 2007, off the studio album "N.B.". The song also appears on the 3rd studio album by Bedingfield called "Pocketful of Sunshine".

Wild Horses

Wild Horses is a song by The Rolling Stones from their 1971 album "Sticky Fingers". It has been covered by many other artists. Alicia Keys' recording, for her album "Alicia Keys: Unplugged", featured the frontman of Maroon 5, Adam Levine.

Light Rail Transit Association

The Light Rail Transit Association (LRTA) is an association. Its purpose is to help and encourage research to keep and develop of light rail and tramway/streetcar systems. The LRTA publishes the monthly magazine "Tramways and Urban Transit" (formerly "Modern Tramway"). It is based in the United Kingdom but it has an international membership and remit. 

The LRTA was formed in 1937. It was called Light Railway Transport League (LRTL) until 1979. 

The opening of the Tyne and Wear Metro in 1980, followed by the Manchester Metrolink in 1991 and other new tram systems in Sheffield, , Croydon and Nottingham, are very much in line with the aims of the Association.



Lucifugum

Lucifugum is a black metal band from Ukraine.

Lucifugum is a popular black metal band from Ukraine. They and Nokturnal Mortum are two of the best-known exponents of the East European black metal scene. Lucifugum was formed in 1995 by poet/composer Khlyst and musicians Bal-a-Myth (guitar, bass) and Faunus (vocals). The band continues to perform, despite Faunus having left the band in 2001, and Bal-a-Myth having died in his sleep on October 5, 2002; the albums "Back to Chopped Down Roots" and "Sociopath: Philosophy Cynicism" were recorded in 2003 by numerous session musicians which, however, did not join the band. In 2004 Khlyst moved to the Ukrainian town Mykolayiv (Nikolaev) to continue the activity of Lucifugum and Propaganda together with local black metal musician Elena (aka Stabaath) (ex-Namtar, ex-Hesperus). "Vector33" is the first album with Stabaath (she recorded vocals, guitar, bass, and keyboards). All lyrics are written by Khlyst, and music is composed by Stabaath and Khlyst. Khlyst and Stabaath (real names Igor and Elena Naumchuk) are married. They are the owners of black metal label Propaganda.

The music of Lucifugum was different and changed during the years. The early period can be described as symphonic black metal (1996-2000), later it was black/thrash metal, sometimes with death metal touches (2001-2003), and after 2004 the music of the band has transformed into pure black metal style.

According to Propaganda web site (details to album “Sublimessiah”) Khlyst performs vocals since 2014. The critical problems with Stabaath’s throat have stopped her during the record of the vocal. So, there are just 3 tracks (1,3,5) with Stabaath’s vocals on “Sublimessiah”.





St. Catharines

St. Catharines is the biggest city in the Niagara Region of Canada. Nearly 132,000 people live in St. Catharines as of 2006.


Grassland

A grassland is a biome, an area of land that mostly has grasses. There are wild grasses, and there may be some trees. 

Several parts of the world have grasslands. Grasslands are found in parts of Africa, North America, Central Asia, South America, and near the coasts of Australia. The largest grasslands are in East Africa. Grasslands with a few scattered trees are called savannas. Others are called prairies or steppes.

The graminoids became widespread toward the end of the Cretaceous period. The appearance of mountains in the western United States during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs created a continental climate which was favourable to the evolution of grasslands. Animals which ate branches were replaced by animals which ate grass. Eating grass requires different teeth from eating branches.

About five million years ago in the Miocene, the grasslands grew. In the New World and Old World, forest biomes declined: and grasslands became much more widespread. 

Grassland vegetation can vary greatly in height. The chalk grassland of southern England is quite short, often with small, delicate flowers. 

Grass is quite tall in the Mississippi "tallgrass prairie", the South American grasslands and the African savannas. This provides a degree of cover for the smaller animals, and so increases the number of species which can live there.

Woody plants, shrubs or trees, may occur on some grasslands. The root systems of perennial grasses and forbs (herbaceous flowering plants) form complex mats that hold the soil in place.

When shrubs and bushes can grow more and replace grass, this is called woody plant encroachment. This change may be harmful. It may make the number of plant species fewer. It allows less water to go into the ground and animals have less to eat. From that perspective, woody encroachment may be a form of land degradation. 

But this is not always the case. Encroachment can lead to good changes in nature.

The tallgrass prairie is a native ecosystem of the drainage basin of the Mississippi. Retreating glaciers dropped moraine material about 10,000 years ago. Wind-dropped loess and organic matter accumulated. This made the soil. The prairie had the deepest level of topsoil recorded anywhere. For 5,000 to 8,000 years, more than of prairie grasslands were a major feature of the landscape. 

Animals such as buffalo, elk, deer, and rabbits lived there. The animals added nitrogen to the soil with their urine and faeces. Prairie dogs dug tunnels that "aerated the soil and channeled water several feet below the surface".

Between 1800 and 1930, most of this natural environment was destroyed. Settlers transformed what they called "the Great American Desert" or "The Inland Sea" into farmland. They replaced the old grasses with new ones, mostly wheat and maize, grasses that are ecologically different from the original cereals. They replaced the bison with cattle, another kind of bovine. About 40% of the world's maize grows in the United States, mostly on land that formerly grew grass. The grazing pattern of European cattle, the near-extermination of prairie dogs, and the plowing and cultivation of the land did the damage. Plowing cut tallgrass root systems and interrupted reproduction. Drainage changed the soil's water content, and soil erosion lost soil. 

Estimates differ of how much original tallgrass prairie survives. Perhaps less than 1% to 4%, mostly in "scattered remnants found in pioneer cemeteries, restoration projects, along highways and railroad rights-of-way, and on steep bluffs high above rivers".

In many other parts of the world, the grasslands have little rain or long dry periods. There are few trees because of the low rainfall. Thorny trees called acacias are one of a handful of trees that are able to grow in some African savannas. Wildfires are common and destroy trees. The animals also prevent trees from growing as they eat the tender sprouts before they can develop into grown trees. Elephants are known to tear down grown-up trees and feed on their leaves, making trees even more scarce.

Grass can still grow because it survives the aridity and the trampling of the animals. This is why grasslands can feed vast numbers of animals. Animals include mice, rats that eat mostly seeds. Snakes, hawks and eagles eat mostly small animals. Big animals, mostly grazers, include zebras, ostriches, giraffes, rhinos, elephants, horses, and antelopes.


Oshawa

Oshawa is a city of Ontario in Canada. It can be found on the shores of Lake Ontario. Around 141,600 people were living in Oshawa as of 2006.

CKDO 1580

CKGE 94.9

Worcester, Massachusetts

Worcester is a city of Worcester County in the state of Massachusetts in the United States. It is the county seat of Worcester County. About 206,000 people were living in Worcester as of 2020.

Worcester is 40 miles from Boston, Massachusetts and 40 miles from Springfield, Massachusetts—right in the middle.

In 1774, the first public reading of the United States Declaration of Independence in New England took place in Worcester.



Grimsby, Ontario

Grimsby (population 26 000) is a town on Lake Ontario in the Niagara Region, Ontario, Canada. Grimsby is a part of the Hamilton Census Metropolitan Area. Most of its population lives in the area surrounded Lake Ontario and the Niagara escarpment. The escarpment is home to a section of the Bruce Trail. There are many famous people from Grimsby, including NHL player Kevin Bieksa, and The Three Stooges director Del Lord. Grimsby is known as "the gateway between Hamilton and Niagara". In the early 1900's, Grimsby was known as an amusement park, with a roller coaster, a movie theater, and cabins on the lake. One of Grimsby's elementary schools, Grand Avenue Public School, used to be the fairgrounds for the amusement park.

Camellia sinensis

Camellia sinensis, the tea plant, is the species of plant whose leaves and leaf buds are used to make tea. It is in the genus "Camellia". 

White tea, green tea, oolong, pu-erh tea and black tea all come from this species. They are processed differently, so they have different levels of oxidation. Kukicha (twig tea) is also harvested from "Camellia sinensis", but uses twigs and stems rather than leaves.

California Proposition 8

Proposition 8 is an initiative passed in California on November 4, 2008 that banned same-sex marriage. The measure passed by 52% to 48%. It changed California's Constitution by adding a section that says, "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California." The law was in response to a judge's ruling that gay marriage was legal under the California state Constitution. The campaign to pass Proposition 8 was mostly paid for by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.

Proposition 8 is controversial and is being debated in court. On August 4, 2010, Judge Vaughn Walker in the United States District Court made a ruling that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional and should be overturned. This would make same-sex marriage legal again in California, however, Judge Walker issued a stay of execution, so that those in favor of Proposition 8 could legal appeal.

The appeal of the case went to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. On February 7, 2012, the judges in this court agreed with Judge Walker that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional. However they also issued a stay of execution, so that their ruling could be appealed to the United States Supreme Court.

Those in favor of Proposition 8 appealed to the Supreme Court on July 30, 2012. On December 7, 2012, the Supreme Court agreed to judge the case. The Supreme Court will issue a final ruling on the case in 2013.

There are several possible outcomes:

Depending on exactly how the Supreme Court rules, Proposition 8 could be overturned in California only, or all other laws against same-sex marriage in the United States could be overturned as well.

Digsby

Digsby was an instant messaging piece of software. It was for Microsoft Windows, with plans to support Mac and Linux. It supported Google Mail, Yahoo messenger, MSN Messenger, Facebook chat and others. Currently no longer operational.

Palacios del Sil

Palacios del Sil is a municipality in the province of León, Spain.

Several Leonese language writers were born there.


David Archuleta

David James Archuleta (born December 28, 1990) is an American pop vocal artist. He was the runner-up of season 7 of "American Idol". He had the singles "Crush", "A Little Too Not Over You", "Angels", and "Touch My Hand". He released the album "David Archuleta" in November 2008.




Scott Raynor

Scott Raynor (May 23, 1978) is an American drummer. He was Blink-182's drummer from 1992 to 1998, when he was told to leave the band. Now Raynor is a drummer for the bands "Isinglass" and "One Track Mind".

When asked about being removed from Blink-182 in an interview, this is what Raynor said:



David Archuleta (album)

David Archuleta is the first album released by runner-up of Season 8 of American Idol, David Archuleta. The studio album includes the songs "Crush", and "A Little Too Not Over You". 




Crush (David Archuleta song)

"Crush" is a #1 hit single by David Archuleta. The single came off the album "David Archuleta". "Crush" was released on August 2, 2008. The single was recorded during the final episodes of Season 8 of "American Idol".

A Little Too Not Over You

A Little Too Not Over You is a 2009 song. It was released in early January 2009 by David Archuleta. The hit single came off the album "David Archuleta". The song was on airplay since late-December. "A LIttle Too Not Over You" is the 4th track off the album by Archuleta.

Czechoslovak government-in-exile

The Czechoslovak government-in-exile (sometimes called officially as: provisional government of Czechoslovakia) was an informal name given to the Czechoslovak National Liberation Committee, first by British diplomatic recognition. The name was used by other World War II Allies as they followed the British in recognizing it. The Committee was originally created by the former Czechoslovak President, Edvard Beneš in Paris, France in October 1939. Unsuccessful negotiations with France for diplomatic status, as well as the impending Nazi occupation of France, forced the Committee to move to London in 1940. From there, it moved to Aston Abbots, Buckinghamshire in 1941, where it sought relative safety from the London Blitz.

It was the true government for Czechoslovakia throughout the Second World War. A specifically anti-Fascist government, it sought to reverse the Munich Agreement and the following German occupation of Czechoslovakia, and to return the Republic to its 1937 boundaries. Due to this it was considered, by those countries that recognized it, the legal continuation of the First Republic of Czechoslovakia.

Nellis Solar Power Plant

The Nellis Solar Power Plant was the largest solar power plant in North America when it was built in 2007. It is in Nellis Air Force Base in Clark County, Nevada.

Richard Keys

Richard Keys, (born 23 April 1957, Coventry, England) is an English broadcaster who is famous for presenting live football matches on Sky Sports since the early 1990s. He was a presenter on TV-am before joining Sky.

Energetics

Energetics is the scientific study of energy movement and storages under change. Energetics is a wide field of study. This study includes topics such as thermodynamics, chemistry and biochemistry. Scientists often debate where each topic begins and ends.

Train

A rail train, otherwise referred to as simply a train, is a set of railway cars (also called vehicles) that are tied together with or without a locomotive. Trains are used to carry people, and also things like raw material, finished goods, cargo, and waste. The vehicles that carry freight are called "cars" (in the United States) or "wagons" (in the United Kingdom). The ones that carry passengers are often called coaches or carriages. A place where a train stops to let people get on and off is called a train station or railway station.

Trains have their roots in wagonways, which used railway tracks and were powered by horses or pulled by cables. Following the invention of the steam locomotive in the United Kingdom in 1804, trains rapidly spread around the world, allowing freight and passengers to move over land faster and cheaper than ever possible before. Rapid transit and trams were first built in the late 19th century to transport large numbers of people in and around cities. Beginning in the 1920s, and accelerating following World War II, diesel and electric locomotives replaced steam as the means of motive power. Following the development of cars, trucks, and extensive networks of highways which offered greater mobility, as well as faster airplanes, trains declined in importance and market share, and many rail lines were abandoned. The spread of buses led to the closure of many rapid transit and tram systems during this time as well.

Before steam trains there were "wagonways" where horses and people pulled cars over tracks made of stone and wood.

A steam train made its first journey on 21 February 1804 at the Penydarren Iron Works in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, UK. The locomotive "Coalbrookdale" was built by "Richard Trevithick" helped by the owner of the ironworks Samual Homfray.

The Stockton and Darlington Railway in 1825 showed how a train could be run. The Liverpool and Manchester Railway in 1830 was the first to run passenger trains and freight trains in the way that trains run on most railways today. The use of trains were then to go from country to country over the world, and it was more easy for people and things to get from one place to another place.

Soon after 1830 nearly all trains were pulled by steam locomotives. The steam engine was be the main way to run trains until the 1960s when many countries stopped using them, for example the United States of America had 38,853 steam engines in 1945 but by 1961 that was only 110.

As the internal combustion engine that used petroleum oil and diesel oil got better people tried to use those those, but they were not very successful at first. The year 1913 in Sweden was when the first successful in the world ran, and it was able to keep going until 1939. The 1920s saw diesel trains get better and by the 1930s diesel trains were going very fast, including the a German train going from Berlin to Hamburg at over and a train going from Denver to Chicago, without stopping at an end-to-end speed of .

While the first small railway run by electricity was in 1835 it was about after the 1890s when more electric railways and trains started across the world.

After World War 1 there improvements in road cars and buses and people began to use them more than trains. The same was true for how things were moved. From the 1950s the aeroplane became a better way for people to go to some places that were further away. Trains and railways had to get better to stop losing people and things to cars and aeroplanes but many have had to close.

Freight trains have freight cars (US) or goods' wagons (UK) to carry goods from one place to another. Some are boxcars (closed and roofed cars for cargo); others are special so they can carry special cargo. There are hopper cars for sand, coal, ore and other granulous (sand-like) materials, flatbed cars for vehicles and machinery, tank cars for liquids, container cars for containers and even bottle cars for molten iron. Almost anything which is not too large to fit under tunnels and bridges can be transported on special freight cars.

Passenger trains have passenger cars (US) or coaches (UK), made so people can ride them from one train station to another. Passenger trains are usually a very comfortable way of traveling. Many trains have electrical outlets and Wi-Fi hotspots for computers and mobile devices.

Most passenger cars are single-deckers: there are also double-decker passenger cars, such as the Finnish Inter-City cars.

The world's longest passenger train was long and had 100 cars. It was a special train that ran in October 2022 in Switzerland.

To get to a city and to move around it trains may need to carry many people and they can get very busy. There are many names for this type of train including "rapid transit". The railway for these trains may go underground or be above the road. Trains which go along city roads are called "Trams". A new word for trams that also use tracks used by other trains outside the city is <nowiki></nowiki>tram-trains<nowiki></nowiki>.

There are few long-distance passenger trains in the United States, but more in Europe and Asia.

They may have a special car where you can eat. Sometimes there are also sleeping cars (passenger cars with beds) for long overnight voyages.

High-speed rail uses special, fast passenger trains on special tracks. A few of the fast ones are maglev trains, using magnets to hover slightly off the tracks to have less friction.


Most trains are pulled by locomotives. Before 1900, almost all were steam locomotives. As this kind of steam engine uses very much fuel for the work it does, steam began to give way to diesel locomotives and electric locomotives during the 1930s. Today, most locomotives are diesel-electric locomotives.

Sometimes a train has no separate locomotive, but the prime mover (diesel engine or electric motor) is located on the first car of the train itself, and the car has engineer's cabin. The car is called a "motor unit". Some trains have motors in many or all of the cars. This is called a diesel multiple unit or electric multiple unit. Usually, both ends of the train have engineer's cabins. These trains are especially popular in commuter traffic in large towns and cities. Electric trains get their power from a third rail or from overhead wires.

The fastest train in the world is a special type of train using maglev propulsion, and it can reach .


Wally Gator

Wally Gator is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera. It was first shown on television on September 3, 1962. The main character is an alligator named Wally. Wally lives in a zoo. He tends to run away from the zoo because he misses the swamp. However, Mr. Twiddle (the zookeeper) often captures Wally and brings him back to the zoo.

Elie Wiesel

Elie Wiesel (; born Eliezer Wiesel on September 30, 1928 – July 2, 2016) was a Romanian-American Jewish writer, teacher, political activist, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize and Holocaust survivor. His most well-known book is "Night" which is about his life in several concentration camps during the Holocaust. He was a humanitarian. 

Wiesel won the 1986 Nobel Peace Prize. The Norwegian Nobel Committee praised his message "of peace, atonement and human dignity".

Wiesel died on July 2, 2016 at his home in Manhattan, aged 87.


Leaked in London

Leaked in London is a live EP that was recorded by Fall Out Boy in 2007. The EP was made in response to their fourth album, "Infinity on High", being leaked onto the internet three weeks before its actual release date. Those who bought "Infinity On High" could download "Leaked In London" from Fall Out Boy's website by using the CDPass software and inserting the "Infinity On High" CD into their computer.

All songs written by Fall Out Boy, except when noted.

Sullivan Bay, Victoria

Sullivan Bay is the site of the first official European settlement in Victoria, Australia. It is a very small bay near Sorrento, Victoria. It is close to the entrance of Port Phillip Bay, south of the city of Melbourne.
In 1802, Governor Philip Gidley King in Sydney had written to Lord Hobart, Minister in charge of the colonies, in London, saying that Britain should start a settlement at Port Phillip Bay. King thought it would be good area for fishing and sealing. He was also worried that the French might settle in the area and then would control Bass Strait. Lieutenant John Murray had explored Port Phillip Bay in 1802 and thought that the Sorrento area would be a good spot to start a settlement.

Lieutenant Governor David Collins was put in charge of starting the new settlement. He took 307 convicts, some with wives and children, 51 soldiers, 17 free settlers, some with wives and children, and a government staff of 12, and a clergyman, the Reverend Knopwood. The group of more than 400 people left England in April 1803, in the store ship “Ocean” and the convict ship “Calcutta.”

The two ships sailed to Tenerife in the Canary Islands, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, Capetown in South Africa, and arrived at Port Phillip Bay on 6 October and 8 October 1803. Only 14 people died on the trip. Collins was unable to find a good place to land that had drinking water and good soil. On 13 October 1803, he landed at Sullivan’s Bay, which he named after the Under Secretary of the Colonial War Department.

The new settlers were able to get water by putting wooden barrels into the sand, and letting the water in the ground soak into them. It was salty and not nice to drink. The soil was very sandy and not suitable for farming. There were very few trees suitable for cutting up into building timber. The sandy ground meant that heavy items could not be carried in a wagon, which would be stuck in the sand, but had to be dragged instead. The small entrance to the bay made it difficult for sailing ships to get in or out safely. The tools brought from England, such a spades, hoes and axes, were very badly made and broke easily. Coscape. He had hoped to increase the food supply with fresh fish and kangaroos, but they were not able to catch any.

Male convicts were given a set of clothes in October 1803 which included:

The food ration each week was:

Women were to be given 2/3 of that amount, children half the amount, and small children under 5 years, ¼ of the ration.

A convict printer, Robert Walsh printed the orders and instructions for the settlement on a small printing press. During the time of the settlement 43 such orders were printed.

Collins told the convicts not to go into the water to wash because of the danger from hungry sharks and stingrays. Some tried to escape by walking overland to Sydney. They soon gave up and went back to the settlement. Settler, John Skilton, died on 17 October 1803. On 25 November 1803, the first child, William James Hobart Thorne, was born to a soldier, Sergeant Thorne and his wife. One child of convict parents was John Pascoe Fawkner, who returned to start the settlement of Melbourne in 1835.

In November, Collins sent the “Ocean” to Sydney with a letter asking King to let him abandon the settlement, and move it to either Port Dalrymple or the Derwent River in Van Diemen's Land. The “Ocean” came back in December and Collins wasted no time in getting most of the convicts and settlers packed up. He gave an order that convicts had to work on Sundays to make sure the group was ready to leave as soon as possible. On 30 January 1804, the “Ocean” set sail for the Derwent River. Lieutenant William Sladden was left behind in charge of a small group. The “Ocean” returned and on 20 May 1804, the settlement was abandoned.

Three people were left behind after the settlement was abandoned, two were escaped convicts and one was a runaway soldier, William Buckley. When John Batman came to settle in Victoria 30 years later, he found Buckley living with an aboriginal tribe. The only sign of the settlement now is four graves at Sullivan Bay, and the remains of a water barrel in the Latrobe Library collection.


Pictorella mannikin

The pictorella mannikin ("Heteromunia pectoralis") (also known as the pictorella munia or pictorella finch) is a species of bird in the family Estrildidae. They live in northern Australia, from the Fitzroy River in Western Australia, across the "Top End" of the Northern Territory, over to the Cape York Peninsula.


RPG-26

The RPG-26 "Aglen" is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher that was made by the Soviet Union. Entered service in 1985. It can shoot to about 250 meters.


Fright Night (album)

Fright Night is the first album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Auerbach (Vogtland)

Auerbach () is a town in the rural district Vogtlandkreis, in Saxony, Germany.

Borna, Leipzig

Borna () is a town in the rural district Leipzig, in Saxony, Germany. It is also the capital of this district. It is located about southeast of Leipzig.


Hartenstein, Saxony

Hartenstein is a town in the rural district Zwickau, in Saxony, Germany. It is located on the river Zwickauer Mulde, 14 km southeast of Zwickau. Hartenstein has about 5,000 Inhabitants.

Deaths in 2009

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2009.









 




Romanization of Bulgarian

The Streamlined System for the Romanization of Bulgarian is a system of transliteration of the Bulgarian alphabet created by Lyubomir Ivanov in the Institute of Mathematics and Informatics at the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences in 1995, which is defined by the following table:

The system was originally developed to serve for the Romanization of Bulgarian geographical names in Antarctica. It was adopted by the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria on 2 March 2005. An early explanation of the Streamlined System was made in 1997 to the US and UK Antartcic place-naming authorities. They had noticed the difference from their 1952 BGN/PCGN romanization of Bulgarian. The new system became subject to comparative study at the Department of English and American Studies at Sofia University.

Subsequently, the system was chosen by the Bulgarian Government. It is the official transliteration system to be used in all identity documents, road signs, street names, official information systems, databases, local authorities’ websites etc. Eventually, the Streamlined System became part of Bulgarian law by way of the passed in 2009.

The Streamlined system was adopted also by UN in 2012, and for official US and UK use, by BGN and PCGN in 2013. Ivanov proposes using his Romanization approach in the case of Cyrillic alphabets of other Slavic languages, notably Russian.

The Streamlined System was designed with the aim of striking an optimal balance between the following partly overlapping and partly conflicting priorities:


Exceptions: 

It had been proposed to modify the Streamlined System so that Bulgarian letters Ъ and Ц were transliterated as "Ă" and "TZ" respectively. However, those proposals failed to gain wider acceptance, and were not adopted for official usage.

The system is not invertible, for А, Ж, Й, Ц, Ш, Щ, Ю, Я are transliterated in the same way as are Ъ, ЗХ, Ь, ТС, СХ, ШТ, ЙУ, ЙА respectively. An auxiliary, invertible variant of the system without the ИЯ-exception rule is proposed by L. Ivanov, D. Skordev and D. Dobrev to be used in those special cases when the exact retrieval of Bulgarian words from their Romanized forms is a priority, with Cyrillic letters and combinations of letters 
Ъ, Ь, ЗХ, ЙА, ЙУ, СХ, ТС, ТШ, ТЩ, ШТ, ШЦ transliterated as "`A", "`Y", "Z|H", "Y|A", "Y|U", "S|H", "T|S", "T|SH", "T|SHT", "SH|T", "SH|TS" respectively. In order to ensure full invertibility of the system, including the case of the ИЯ-exception rule, one may transliterate word-final -ИА as "I|A" rather than "IA". The plain streamlined transliteration word form could be retrieved from its invertible variant by simply removing the additional symbols ` and |.

The Streamlined System is based on an English-oriented transliteration, taking advantage of the global "lingua franca" role of English. A similar shift towards English-oriented transliteration is observed in the case of other Cyrillic alphabets such as Russian and Ukrainian, and to some extent Macedonian.

The Streamlined System is similar to the old 1952 BGN/PCGN System for the Romanization of Bulgarian, which had been official in the USA and the United Kingdom until 2013. The latter however transliterates the Cyrillic letters Х, Ь and Ъ as "KH", "’" (apostrophe) and "Ŭ", while the former uses "H", "Y" and "A" instead.

Another similar system not adopted for official use in Bulgaria is that of A. Danchev, M. Holman, E. Dimova and M. Savova, which transliterates the Cyrillic letters У and Ъ by "OU" and "U" respectively, while the Streamlined System uses "U" and "A" for this purpose. Furthermore, the latter system transliterates the digraphs АЙ•ай, ЕЙ•ей, ОЙ•ой and УЙ•уй by AI•ai, EI•ei, OI•oi and OUI•oui instead of AY•ay, EY•ey, OY•oy and UY•uy respectively.


Natasha Richardson

Natasha Jane Richardson (11 May 1963 – 18 March 2009) was a Tony Award-winning English stage and movie actress.

Richardson was the daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave and movie director and producer Tony Richardson. She was the granddaughter of Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson. In 1994, she married Liam Neeson. Together, they had two children, Micheal (born 1995) and Daniel (born 1996).

Early in her career she portrayed Mary Shelley and Patty Hearst in movies. She received critical acclaim and a Theatre World Award for her Broadway debut in the 1993 revival of "Anna Christie". She won the Tony Award for "Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Musical", the Drama Desk Award for "Outstanding Actress in a Musical", and the Outer Critics Circle Award for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 Broadway revival of "Cabaret". 

Some of her best known movies included "Nell" (1994), "The Parent Trap" (1998 remake) and 
"Maid in Manhattan" (2002). 

Richardson died in a hospital in New York City on March 18, 2009. She did not recover from brain damage that happened in a skiing accident in Quebec, Canada. She was on vacation with her two sons.

Beetlejuice (movie)

Beetlejuice is a 1988 American fantasy-comedy-horror movie directed by Tim Burton. The movie stars Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Winona Ryder and Michael Keaton as Beetlejuice.

Barbara (Geena Davis) and Adam (Alec Baldwin) Maitland decide to spend their holiday decorating their New England country home. Driving back from a trip to town, they crash the car and are killed. The story carries on with the couple going home as ghosts but they at first do not know that they are dead.

The couple's house is then sold and in move the new owners from New York City. The Deetzes, who are Charles (Jeffrey Jones) and his wife Delia (Catherine O'Hara), her friend Otho (Glenn Shadix) and Charles' goth daughter Lydia (Winona Ryder) from his first marriage. The new couple then start to make changes to the house which upsets the ghosts. The Maitlands' then try to scare the new owners out of the house but they are not good at scaring people.

The ghosts can't be seen by anyone in the house other than by the daughter Lydia, with whom they become friends. They try to get a bad ghost to scare the new family out of the house and ask Beetlejuice to do it for them. But all he wants to do is marry Lydia so that he can come back to life.



Geena Davis

Virginia Elizabeth "Geena" Davis (born January 21, 1956) is an Academy Award, Golden Globe-winning and Emmy-nominated American actress, film producer, writer, former fashion model. Geena Davis is also a member of Mensa International.

From 1982 until 1983, Geena Davis was married to Richard Emmolo.

From 1987 until 1990, she was married to Jeff Goldblum.

From 1993 until 1998, she was married to Renny Harlin.

On September 1, 2001, she married Reza Jarrahy. They have three children, daughter Alizeh Keshvar Davis Jarrahy (born on April 10, 2002) and twin sons Kian William Davis Jarrahy and Kaiis Steven Davis Jerrahy (born on May 6, 2004). 


Lise Simms

Elisabeth Caroline Simms (born March 17, 1963 in southern Colorado), credited as Lise Simms, is an American actress, singer, and dancer.

Lise grew up in southern Colorado. Her parents are Bill and Jacque Simms and is the sixth of nine children. Her brother, Tom Simms, is a Spanish teacher at Centennial High School. Lise graduated from Centennial High School in 1981, and from Oklahoma State University in 1985.

Lise began her acting career at age 13. She started doing Broadway after graduating from high school and starred in numerous plays such as "Other People's Money", "Mame", "Can-Can", "Sweet Charity", and "Bye Bye Birdie" during the 1980s. She was also a member of the original Los Angeles, California cast of "Beauty and the Beast" and toured around the world with "A Chorus Line" in 1986.

Simms was the host of Style Network's "Area". She had a recurring role on "Sunset Beach", but is best known for her role as "Barbara Diffy", Phil's mom in the Disney Channel original series "Phil of the Future", where she also played "The Timekeeper" in the episode "It's a Wonder-Phil Life". She had a recurring role as "Connie Wayne" in the soap opera "The Young and the Restless", and made guest appearances on "Friends", "Providence", "MADtv", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "" and many others. She performed for President Ronald Reagan in 1988's "Great Performances at the White House" series, which aired on PBS. 

Most recently, Simms can be seen as co-host and interior designer on Home & Garden Television's "Desperate Spaces". Simms works with co-host and designer Daniel Kucan to decorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $2,500. They choose 1 room from 3 deserving rooms in need. "Desperate Spaces" premiered January 1, 2008. 

Simms had a guest spot on the February 3, 2009 episode of "90210" as Ty's mother, Louise Collins.

Simms has been in commercials for the game Jenga, the remedies Tums, Maalox, Advil, Bluefly, Post Cereal's Shredded Wheat, and Dairy Queen's "Moolate" shakes. At one time, she co-hosted an infomercial for Rug Doctor carpet cleaning products. Simms also hosted a infomercial for Franklin Wheel and won an Astrid Award. She had appeared in Disney Channel's "Express Yourself" segments with other Disney Channel stars.



Crawford County, Arkansas

Crawford County is a county found in the state of Arkansas. At the 2020 census, 60133 people lived in Crawford County.

These are the cities and towns of Crawford County:

Medical abortion

A medical abortion is an abortion where drugs are used to induce the abortion. In the 1970s, such abortions became an option to end the pregnancy during its first trimester. The drugs most often used in 2009 were mifepristone and methotrexate, either alone or in combination with a prostaglandin.

Medical abortion is both safe and effective in many situations. In the United States, the mortality rate for medical abortion is 14 times lower than the mortality rate for childbirth. In the first trimester, the patient can the drugs used for medical abortion can take the drugs safely at home, without assistance. Starting with the second trimester, it is recommended to take the second drug in a clinic or provider's office.

Durand Line

The Durand Line is the international land border between Afghanistan and Pakistan in South-Central Asia. It was established after an 1897 memorandum of understanding (MoU) between Mortimer Durand of British India and Afghan Amir Abdur Rahman Khan. Referred to as a frontier line, it is named after Mortimer Durand, who was the Foreign Secretary of colonial British India at the time. Later, Abdur Rahman Khan's successor, Amir Habibullah Khan signed a new agreement with Britain which again confirmed the legality of the Durand Line. King Amanullah Khan also accepted Durand line as international border between Afghanistan and British India after signing the Anglo-Afghan treaty of 1919. Article 5 of this treaty, on the basis of which Afghanistan reclaimed its independence, says that Afghanistan accepted all previously agreed border arrangements with British India. Hence, Afghanistan as an independent country recognized Durand line as an international border.

The Durand Line cuts through the Afghan tribal areas, politically dividing ethnic Pashtuns and Baloch people who live on both sides. The line is internationally recognized by many countries as the western border of Pakistan, but Afghan governments after 1947 never recognized it.

Afghan Pashtun leaders claim Pakistani territories and say that the Durand Line is "an issue of historical importance for Afghanistan. The Afghan people, not the government, can take a final decision on it." However, non-Pashtuns Afghans have always recognized durand line as international border between Pakistan and Afghanistan. Similarly, Pakistani Pashtuns have also recognized Durand line as international border between Afghanistan and Pakistan. In 2017 President Hamid Karzai said Afghanistan "will never accept" the Durand Line.


Mazandarani language

Mazandarani (in Mazandarani: ) is a Iranian language. It is spoken in northern Iran. Areas that use it are: Mazandaran, west of Golestan, north of Tehran and Semnan and northeast of Qazvin. Between 3-4 million people speak it. Mazandarni is an older Iranian language. 

Mazandarani language was written in the Pahlavi alphabet in the early centuries of Islam. The language uses the Arabic alphabet.

Mazandarni language has the oldest literature among local languages in Iran. Among books written in this language are:

La Nuestra Tierra

La Nuestra Tierra ("Our land") was a weekly newspaper edited by the IDEL (Leonese Studies Institute) between 2000 and 2004. Its content was mainly about Leonese territory and a 30% of it was written in Leonese language, from opinion articles to information in Leonese language. 

This publication edited 162 numbers, and was supported by the European Union and the Leonese public administrations.

East Punjab

East Punjab was a region of India. It was separated from West Punjab, which became a part of Pakistan by the Radcliffe Line after India was divided in 1947. It existed between 1947-1966 and it comprised the present-day states of Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, itself re-named as Indian Punjab. It had an area of 200,037 km2 and today it would have had an combined population of 70,913,826 (2023).

Caraway

Caraway ("Carum carvi") (Ar. كراويه), also known as meridian fennel and Persian cumin, is a biennial plant with spicy-tasting seed in the family Apiaceae, native to Europe and western Asia.

Caraway was used to make the spiced wine, claret, in the Middle Ages.

Jonathan Ross

Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE (born 17 November 1960) is a British television and radio presenter. He is currently a judge on the musical competition show "The Masked Singer" (2020–present) and its spin-off series "The Masked Dancer" (2021–present).

Ross was born in St Pancras, London and raised in Leytonstone, London. His mother is Martha Ross. Paul Ross, Simon Ross and Miles Ross are his brothers.

Ross has worked a lot on the BBC. On the BBC One television channel, Ross presented "The Film Programme" from 1997 and his own talk show, "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" from 2001. He presented a radio show on BBC Radio 2 beginning in 1999. Ross decided to stop presenting all three shows and leave the BBC in 2010. He began presenting a new talk show, "The Jonathan Ross Show" on ITV1 on 3 September 2011.

Ross is known for his difficulty in pronouncing the letter "r", which sounds more like the sound of a "w" in his speech. Ross was first on television in 1970 in an advert for Kellogg's Rice Krispies.

Ross married Jane Goldman in 1988. The couple have two daughters and a son.


Ef (Cyrillic)

Ef (Ф, ф) is the nineteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [f].

It comes from the Greek letter phi.


Kha (Cyrillic)

Kha (Х, х) is the twentieth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [x].

It comes from the Greek letter chi and stands as the Roman letters H and X.


Tse (Cyrillic)

Tse (Ц, ц) is the twenty-first letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [ts]. Its lowercase italic form is "ц".

It stands for the Roman letter C.


Che (Cyrillic)

Che (Ч, ч) is the twenty-second letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [tʃ]. It is transliterated into the Roman alphabet as "ch" in English and "tch" in French.

It is read as "č" for words like "switch" or "change" The letter also is used for the "tch" sound. 

The name for the letter "Che" appears to come from the word for "worm" or "чрьвь ("črĭvĭ")"

In the Cyrillic numeral system, Che has a value of 90.

In every Cyrillic Slavic language except Russian, che represents the voiceless postalveolar affricate /tʃ/.

In Russian, the che is more similar to the Mandarin Chinese Pinyin sound for "J" making the "/t͡ɕ/" sound.

In Serbian, the che makes more of a "tʂ" sound with the letter "Ћ" making a " /t͡ɕ/" sound. 


Ч used to have a role for 60 instead of Ѯ.

Ҁ used to have a role as 90.

Sha (Cyrillic)

Sha (Ш, ш) is the twenty-third letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [ʃ]. Its lowercase italic form is "ш".

It comes from the Hebrew letter shin. It is transliterated into the Roman alphabet as "sh" in English, "sch" in German, "ch" in French, "ş" in Turkish, "sz" in Polish and "š" in most Slavic languages (Czech, Slovak, Serbian, Slovene, Croatian) using Gaj's latin aphabet.


Mikroglottika

Mikroglottika - An International Journal of Minority Languages Philologies, is a language scientific magazine about minority languages. The word "Mikroglottika" means "minority language studies".

It encourages studies about minority languages philology, as phonology, syntax, lexicon and related topics.

It is edited by Peter Lang in Germany. Teachers from Universities of several European countries also contribute.
Its Yearbook 2008 has content about these languages:



Unsafe abortion

An unsafe abortion is an abortion which is not done by a person which has the skills to do them (a licensed doctor), or in a place that does not meet at least basic standards of hygiene. Unsafe abortions can be very dangerous to the mother. Many women die or get a disease because they had an unsafe abortion. About 95 percent of unsafe abortions happen in developing countries.
Two very common ways that unsafe abortions are done are:

A back-alley abortion (Back-Yard Abortion in Australia) is the common slang term for an illegal abortion in the English-speaking world. 

The method using the coat hanger, as described above, was known by many people. This method was not what was done normally, though. In fact, Mary Calderone, former medical director of Planned Parenthood, said, in a 1960 printing of the "American Journal of Public Health":

Herbal abortions (when done illegally) can also be described as back-alley abortions because they are not induced in a medical facility.

The argument of back-alley abortions was used to help make abortion legal in the United States. In 1973, the US Supreme Court decided that abortion should be legalized. It was treating a case called Roe v. Wade. Since then, it has become a central argument on the part of some prominent legal abortion advocates. Gerri Santoro died of blood loss after a back-alley abortion. Her photo was used extensively to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions.

Bernard Nathanson performed many abortions but later was against them. He has said that many of the statistics that show that many women died from back-alley abortions in the US are false. He said that he and his colleagues made many such statistics to lead people to believe that legalizing abortion was a good thing to do. 

Source: Unsafe Abortion: Mortality and Risk Estimates of Death data from WHO press, Geneva, 1997

10,000 women a year die from unsafe abortions in Nigeria.

Zieria adenophora

The Araluen Zieria ("Zieria adenophora"), is a small shrub found in only one place, on a slope above the Araluen Creek, near Araluen, New South Wales, Australia. In 2001 there were only 56 known plants. The plants were first collected in 1888, and they were then thought to have become extinct. The Zieria was rediscovered in the late 1980s.

It is a small shrub, which is related to the boronia plants. It is about tall and 50 cm wide, though some plants have grown up to tall. It has a small white or pink flower with four petals, about long. The plant has flowers in spring, from August to October. It also has small green leaves which are trifoliate, as being in three parts like a clover leaf. The leaves have a strong smell.

The plants have only been found near the Araluen Creek. They are growing on a steep, rocky, hillside.

The plant has been listed as Endangered under the Australian Government's Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. It is also listed by the New South Wales Government, Endangered (Schedule 1, Part 1) on the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995. It is endangered because there are so few of the plants and they are only found in one place. A bushfire could destroy all the plants. There is also a danger from wild goats in the area. The goats do not eat the Zieria, but they could walk on the new seedlings and crush them. The goats might eat all the other plants which could lead to erosion and the soil could be washed away. Weeds growing around the plants might also stop new Zierias from growing.

There is now a plan to protect the plant. These plans include:


Mifepristone

Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a drug. It can be used to cause a medical abortion in the first two months of pregnancy. It can also be used as an emergency contraceptive. It is often known as RU-486, the name it had in early tests. It was discovered by Roussel Uclaf in France in 1980. 

When it is used for an abortion, it is usually combined with another drug. It is delivered as a pill that is taken by mouth. When it is used as a form of emergency contaception, the dose is usually lower.

Where it is legal, it is usually sold as a prescription drug. Before taking it, people often need to see a doctor, who can check that the drug is safe to take. In some cases, the drug also needs to be taken while under the supervision of a pharmacist or a doctor.

Other than to end a pregnancy, the drug is also used for peope with Cushing's syndrome. These people produce too much Cortisol, and the drug can act against that.

Common side effects include abdominal pain, feeling tired, and vaginal bleeding. Serious side effects may include heavy vaginal bleeding, bacterial infection, and birth defects if the pregnancy does not end. If used, appropriate follow-up care needs to be available. Mifepristone is an antiprogestogen. It works by blocking the effects of progesterone, making both the cervix and uterine vessels dilate and causing the uterus to contract.

Mifepristone was developed in 1980 and came into use in France in 1987. It became available in the United States in 2000. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Mifepristone was approved by Health Canada in 2015 and became available in Canada in January 2017. Cost and availability limits access in many parts of the developing world.

Especially in the United States, there's a debate whether abortion should be legal, and available to women. 

In April 2023, during the "Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine v. US Food and Drug Administration" lawsuit, federal district judge Matthew J. Kacsmaryk issued a preliminary injunction suspending the approval of mifepristone. This ruling would come into effect a week later. Also in April 2023, in a lawsuit brought by 17 U.S. states and the District of Columbia, federal district judge Thomas O. Rice issued a temporary injunction that the FDA should not reduce access to mifepristone in these states and the district. Because there are two different laws in two different parts of the United States, it is likely that the U.S. Supreme Court will have to decide on the matter

Many anti-abortion groups in the United States actively campaigned against the approval of mifepristone They also say that the drug should be withdrawn. 

They cite the following issues they see:


In March 2022, during a debate in the Kentucky House of Representatives about anti-abortion legislation, Republican representative Danny Bentley made several false claims, including the assertion that mifepristone had originally been called Zyklon B and had been developed by the Nazis during World War Two. After several Jewish advocacy groups including the American Jewish Committee complained about Bentley's comments, he later apologized for any harm he had caused, stating that he "clearly should have been more sensitive with (his) comments", but failed to correct the false statement regarding the development of the drug.

Religious and anti-abortion groups outside the United States have also protested mifepristone, especially in Germany and Australia.

Methotrexate

Methotrexate is a drug. It is used to treat cancer and other autoimmune diseases. It can also be used to cause a medical abortion in the early stages of pregnancy.

Hysterotomy abortion

A hysterotomy abortion is a form of surgical abortion. In a hyterotomy abortion, the womb is opened, and the fetus is removed. This is similar to a Caesarean section, but requires a smaller cut.

This method has the greatest risk of complications out of all the abortion procedures. It is only used where other methods can or should not be done. It is used between the 12th and 24th week of pregnancy.

Duke of Devonshire

Duke of Devonshire is a title in the Peerage of England held by members of the aristocratic Cavendish family. This branch of the Cavendish family has been one of the richest and most influential aristocratic families in England since the 16th century, and have been rivalled in political influence perhaps only by the Earls of Derby and the Marquesses of Salisbury. 




Secretary of State for Transport

The Secretary of State for Transport is the member of the cabinet responsible for the British Department for Transport. The role has had a high turnover as new appointments are blamed for the failures of decades of their predecessors. The office used to be called the Minister of Transport, and has been merged with the Department for the Environment at various times.

Duke of Gloucester

Duke of Gloucester () is a British royal title (after Gloucester), often conferred on one of the sons of the reigning monarch. The first four creations were in the Peerage of England, the next in the Peerage of Great Britain, and the last in the Peerage of the United Kingdom; this current creation carries with it the subsidiary titles of Earl of Ulster and Baron Culloden.


Edinburgh Trams

The Edinburgh Trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in Edinburgh, Scotland. Local public transport had been limited to buses since the closing of the city’s previous Edinburgh Corporation Tramways system on 16 November 1956.Edinburgh Trams is a tramway in Edinburgh, Scotland, operated by Edinburgh Trams Ltd. As of 2017 it is a 14-kilometre line between York Place in New Town and Edinburgh Airport, with 16 stops. Construction began in June 2008, and after encountering delays it opened on 31 May 2014.



BR Standard Class 8

The BR Standard Class 8 was a class of 4-6-2 "Pacific" steam locomotive made by Robert Riddles for use by British Railways. Only an example was made. It was named "Duke of Gloucester". It was made at Crewe Works in 1954. It is known as the "Duke". It was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class vehicle number 46202 "Princess Anne". It was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952.




Street furniture

Street furniture is the equipment on streets and roads mostly for the safety of people and their information. The term is most used in the UK, Canada and Australia.

It includes benches, bollards, post boxes, phone boxes, street lighting, traffic lights, traffic signs, bus stops, grit bins, tram stops, taxi stands, public lavatories, public bookcases, fountains and memorials, and waste receptacles. 

An important consideration in the design of street furniture is how it affects road safety.


Henri Poincaré

Jules Henri Poincaré (29 April 1854 – 17 July 1912) was a French mathematician and scientist. He was described as a "monster of mathematics " when still a child. Many people think he was the last person to understand all branches of mathematics before the subject became too big for anyone to do this. 
He came from a clever family, his father was a professor of medicine and his cousin, Raymond Poincaré became president of France. He was sick as a child and for many years he had to be taught at home by his mother.
He used his mathematical skills to look at some of the biggest problems in science in his day. He was the first person to describe in mathematical terms how three planets in orbit affect each others paths as they pass near by one another. This was called the Three Body Problem. He also tried to understand why the speed of light seems to be the fastest speed at which anything can travel in the universe. In some ways he beat the famous scientist Albert Einstein to solving this question, but Einstein gave a more complete answer. He gained fame for the discovery of the theory of relativity instead of Poincaré.

He created the Poincaré Conjecture, one of the most famous problems in mathematics which was only solved 100 years later. He began the branches of mathematics which are known today as chaos theory and topology.

He also wrote about science in a simple way that ordinary people could understand.

Michael Barrymore

Michael Barrymore (born 4 May 1952) is an English comedian and light entertainer. He presented shows including "Strike it Lucky" and "My Kind of Music". He married Cheryl Cocklin (1950-2005) in 1976. In 1995, he announced he was gay. She divorced him in 1997.

He was in trouble after Stuart Lubbock was found dead in his swimming pool in 2001. In 2015, the police admitted that Barrymore was wrongfully arrested. In August 2017, was said to have sought £2.4million  as compensation, after the judge ruled that he was entitled to more than 'nominal damages' from Essex Police of wrongful arrest that 'destroyed his career'.

He used to have late night chats with Diana, Princess of Wales when he had trouble with alcoholism. In 2006, he was a housemate in Celebrity Big Brother, in its fourth season. In 2008, he has returned to the theatre and was in a play as Spike Milligan. In 2010, he stated that he is bisexual and in a relationship with a woman.

Jagdgeschwader 1 (World War I)

The Jagdgeschwader 1 was a German flying command of the First World War. 

The first commander of this group was Manfred von Richthofen. After his death in April 1918, Wilhelm Reinhard became the second commander. The third and last commander of this group was Hermann Göring.

This flying command is also called "The Red Baron".

Tripod

Tripod is a word generally used to refer to a three-legged object, usually one used as a platform of some sort, and comes from the Greek "tripous", meaning "three feet". 

Tripod may also mean:

Barry George

Barry George (born 15 April 1960) is a British criminal who was wrongly held in prison for 8 years for the assassination of journalist Jill Dando. He later had a retrial. His murder conviction and sentence were overturned.

Barry George was born in London in 1960. He is mentally ill and has an IQ of 75. Prior to his trial, he was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome and three personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. When he was young he was a keen roller skater. He once leapt over a line of buses, using a ramp. He used to assume other names, calling himself Paul Gadd (Gary Glitter's real name) and Steve Majors. He also called himself Barry Bulsara and falsely claimed to be Freddie Mercury's cousin. (Mercury was born Farouq Bulsara).

In the early 1980s, he was convicted of impersonating a police officer, attempted rape and indecent assault. In 1983, he was arrested in the grounds of Kensington Palace whilst Prince Charles and Princess Diana were living there. George was carrying a knife, a rope and a poem which he wrote for Prince Charles. He also had photographs of himself in his flat with a mask and guns.

In 2000, he was arrested and charged with murdering Jill Dando. In 2001, he was convicted of the murder, but appealed his sentence. He was retried and found not guilty. Witnesses claimed he could not have killed her at 11.30am, because he was seen 20 minutes later much farther from her house than he could have been. George was released on 1 August 2008. In 2013 it was decided that George would not be given compensation for being put in prison for a murder he did not do.

George now lives in Ballincollig, County Cork.

Jill Dando

Jill Wendy Dando (9 November 1961 – 26 April 1999) was a British television presenter.

Dando's parents were Jack Dando (February 1918 – February 2009) and Winifred Mary Jean Hockey (August 1928 – January 1986). Her older brother, Nigel, worked as a journalist for BBC Radio Bristol before retiring in 2017. Before working for the BBC, he worked as a journalist in local newspapers. Jill grew up in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset. She moved to London in the 1980s.

Dando worked as a journalist and newsreader. She presented the travel programme "Holiday" as well as "Crimewatch". She was engaged to Alan Farthing for the last few months of her life.

On April 26, 1999, Dando was shot on her doorstep in Fulham, west London. She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival.

Barry George was convicted of her murder in 2001. He was freed in 2008 when his retrial found him not guilty.

Skydiving

Skydiving is parachuting (jumping) from an airplane for fun. Skydiving can be done individually and with groups of people. Training is required. Unlike most paratroopers, skydivers often wait until they are low, before opening the parachute. The jump can also be made from a helicopter or a balloon that is high enough in the sky. Skydiving can be an exciting sport.

Skydiving includes free falling (usually from an airplane) through the air prior to opening a parachute. Typically skydives are carried out from around 4,000m (or 12,500ft) offering 40 to 50 seconds of freefall time. Longer free fall times can be achieved by exiting an aircraft at altitudes much higher than 4,000m, but very high jumps require pressurized air within the aircraft, and bottled oxygen for the diver. 

During a skydive, total freedom and control of the air can be enjoyed as well as many complex and spectacular maneuvers including flat turns, somersaults and formation skydiving. Skydiving can be enjoyed either as an individual - doing solo(alone) jumps - or as part of a team carrying out formation skydiving. Usually the term ‘skydive’ refers to the time spent in freefall from exiting an aircraft to deploying a parachute, but skydiving also includes disciplines such as accuracy landings and canopy formation flying, which concentrate on the time spent after a canopy has been deployed



The White Tie Affair

The White Tie Affair was an American rock-pop and alternative music group. The White Tie Affair formed in 2006 and is currently formed by Christopher Wallace - vocals, Sean Patwell - programming and guitar, Ryan McLain - keyboards and synth, and Timothy McLaughlin - drums. They released their hit debut studio album April 22nd, 2008 called "Walk This Way". The band is famous for the single "Candle (Sick & Tired)". Other songs include "Allow Me to Introduce Myself... Mr. Right", "Take It Home", and "If I Fall". White Tie Affair has been recording songs since 2006. 



Walk This Way (album)

Walk This Way is a hit debut studio album released in April 2008 by the alternative rock band The White Tie Affair. The album contains singles like "Candle (Sick & Tired)", "Allow Me to Introduce Myself... Mr. Right", and "Take It Home". 



Take It Home

Take It Home is a song from the hit debut album by The White Tie Affair called "Walk This Way". The song was not required to be an official single, but did has hit airplay. 

Get in Where You Fit In

Get in Where You Fit In was released as an EP in 2007. Songs were not released off this EP. Songs were known to be including "The Letdown", and "Allow Me to Introduce Myself... Mr. Right". The EP was recorded by The White Tie Affair.

Greene County Viaduct

The Greene County Viaduct is a long train bridge in Greene County, Indiana,US. It is about from Bloomington between Solsberry and Tulip. It is officially known as Bridge X75-6 and also known as the Richland Creek Viaduct and the Tulip Trestle. Work on the bridge started on May 22, 1905. The ground breaking ceremony was led by Joe Moss. It was finished in December of 1906. The bridge is the third longest bridge of its kind in the world. It has 18 towers for support. The original cost of the bridge was $246,504. It was estimated to be around $20 million in 2004 dollars. Two 45 foot sections were added to the bridge in 1916. Other than that, the bridge is as it was when it was originally constructed. 

The bridge was built by the Indianapolis Southern Railway and successor Indianapolis Southern Railroad. That company became a part of the Illinois Central Railroad in 1911. It is now part of the Indianapolis-Newton, Illinois line of the Indiana Rail Road.


Sex doll

A sex doll (also called love doll or blow up doll) is a sex toy. It has the size of a sexual partner, and should help with masturbation. 

Basically, there are two variations:

The openings in sex dolls are often fitted with vibrators. Prices for sex dolls range from about ten euros for an inflatable one, to several thousand euros for models with realistic skin.

Sex dolls can be used to bridge a period of loneliness. When the love of sex dolls becomes a fetish, this is known as pygmalionism or [agalmatophilia]].

Jeff Goldblum

Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum (; born October 22, 1952) is an American actor and musician. He has starred in some of the highest-grossing movies of his era. These include "Jurassic Park" (1993) and "Independence Day" (1996). 

Goldblum's first movie role was in "Death Wish" (1974). His early roles include "California Split" (1974), "Nashville" (1975), and "Annie Hall" (1977). He got wider attention for his roles in "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1978), "The Big Chill" (1983), and "The Fly" (1986). In 1996 he was nominated for an Academy Award for "Little Surprises".

He is also known for his role as Grandmaster in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" and "" (both in 2017) and the Disney+ series "What If...?" (2021). 

Jeff Goldblum was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for a guest appearance on "Will & Grace". He also appeared in "Friends", "Portlandia" and "Inside Amy Schumer". In 2023, he was the host of his own series "The World According to Jeff Goldblum" (2019 - present). 

His jazz band released their first album, "The Capitol Studios Sessions", in 2018.

The Fly

The Fly can be any of the following:

Toxic assets

The term toxic asset is a nontechnical term used to describe certain financial assets when their value has fallen significantly and when there is no longer a functioning market for these assets, so that they cannot reasonably be sold. This term became common during the financial crisis that began in August 2007. Toxic assets played a major role in that crisis. When the market for such assets ceases to function, it is described as "frozen". 

Markets for some toxic assets froze in 2007, and the problem grew significantly worse in the second half of 2008. Several factors contributed to the freezing of toxic-asset markets. The value of the assets were very sensitive to economic conditions, and increased uncertainty in these conditions made it difficult to estimate the value of the assets. Banks and other, major financial-institutions were unwilling to sell the assets at significantly reduced prices, since lower prices would force them to significantly reduce their stated assets, making them appear insolvent.

Tesseract

A tesseract is a 4-dimensional object with eight cells; each cell is a cube. Unlike three-dimensional objects which rotate on both an axis and a plane (the plane being of length and width and the axis being of the leftover dimension, height), a tesseract rotates on two planes, one made up of length and width, and one made up of height and the fourth dimension. It is the simplest hypercube.

It is not possible to make a tesseract out of real materials. A tesseract is in four dimensions, but we can only move in three dimensions.

A Line is to the 1st dimension, Square is to the 2nd dimension, Cube is to the 3rd dimension, Tesseract is to the 4th dimension.

Comparison (grammar)

Comparison, in grammar, is a property of adjectives and adverbs.

Adjectives and adverbs take three degrees, such as "kind", "kinder", "kindest".The first degree is positive:
The second degree is comparative:
The third degree is superlative:

Likewise, the use of "more" as in "more quickly" is comparative,
and the use of "most" as in "most quickly" is superlative.

Biltong

Biltong is an edible dried, cured meat snack that originates from South African countries. To be more specific, this high protein snack is from South Africa, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Namibia, Botswana, and Zambia. The word Biltong comes from the Dutch word ‘bil’ and ‘tong’ which respectively holds the meaning of ‘buttock” and “strip” or “tongue”. Biltong can be made of a variety of meats, though beef biltong is the most common one in modern times. Strip-cut beef fillets that are flat with muscle grains are used to make biltong. Due to this, biltong is usually slightly chewy. Biltong has traditionally been made of game meats such as kudu, springbok and wildebeest. You may also find biltong made of chicken, fish and ostrich meat.

Biltong has actually been around for centuries with its roots tracing back to South Africa. In a time before refrigerators and freezers, indigenous people needed a way to preserve extra meat for future meals. To do this, they used the basic resources at hand — knives to cut the meat, salt to flavor and preserve, and tree branches to hang the meat until it was dry.

The 17th century European settlers who arrived later saw the benefits of having a stock supply of food. They quickly adopted this method, adding their own ingredients of vinegar and saltpeter (potassium nitrate) to the meat-curing mix.

Then, in the 19th century, came the Dutch. In a mass migration known as the , thousands of Dutch farmers hitched their wagons to avoid British rule in Cape Colony and moved into the inland of Southern Africa.

For this long journey, they needed food — something portable, something non-perishable, and something with sustenance. Biltong was their perfect solution.

They toted the preserved meat with them as they traveled, calling it “biltong”— a combination of the Dutch words “bille” (for buttock) and “tonghe” (for strip or tongue).

This marked the beginnings of biltong, now one of South Africa’s favorite meaty snacks.

Liberal Christianity

Liberal Christianity is a term which is used for several movements in Christianity. These movements formed between the 18th and 20th century. Their philosophical and theological ideas have been influenced by those of Enlightenment. They are not "liberal" in a political sense. They want to remain independent from dogmas defined by the different Christian Churches. When Liberal Christians interpret the Bible, they reject Biblical inerrancy and Papal authority. A Liberal Christian may have certain beliefs that are the same as those of more conservative Christians. Well known proponents include Hans Küng, Pierre Teilhard de Chardin and Albert Schweitzer.

Conservative theologians and scholars strongly criticize Liberal Christianity’s rejection of orthodox doctrines and willingness to adapt to the modern era, claiming that it goes against traditional conceptions of Christian faith. Liberal Christianity has also been criticized for its pluralistic and relativistic leanings in theology. Modernism has been denounced by the Catholic Church as a heresy.


Albumin

Albumin is the name for a number of globular proteins that can be dissolved in water. Albumin is found in blood serum. Albumin is also found in egg white. The albumin index is used to measure the freshness of an egg. It measures how far an egg spreads if broken on a flat smooth surface. The older an egg is, the further it spreads.

Jerry Fodor

Jerry Fodor (April 22, 1935 – November 29, 2017) was a philosopher. He mostly worked on the philosophy of mind and cognitive science, both of which are concerned with how the mind worked.

His studies have concerned themselves with the idea of whether thought is expressed in language or whether it is absurd to think so. Fodor also attempted to tie in the design of the brain to the thoughts held within. This is described by many as a return to the 19th century practice of phrenology, although Fodor offers more science to back his version up than phrenologists. It is these views which led other philosophers, such as Jared Cole and Daniel Dennett to describe Fodor's claims as absurd and out of date.

Fodor lived in Newark, New Jersey with his wife, Janet. He had two children and several cats. Outside philosophy he enjoyed opera and writes for the London Review of Books.

Fodor died in New York City of complications from Parkinson's disease on November 29, 2017 at the age of 82.


Harry Houdini

Harry Houdini (March 24, 1874 - October 31, 1926) was a Hungarian-born American magician and escapologist. He also investigated fake spiritualists and was a skeptic.

He was born in Budapest to Jewish parents and was named "Ehrich Weiss", but changed his name to Harry Houdini when he became a professional magician. At first he did not have much success in his career. In 1899 his acts got better when he met his manager Martin Beck. Mr Beck was impressed with Houdini's handcuff stunts and within a year Houdini was famous.

Houdini also appeared in several early movies and made many early airplane flights. He made the first successful airplane flight in Australia, on 18 March 1910, in Victoria.

Houdini died in Detroit, Michigan, on October 31, 1926. Two weeks before his death, a college student approached Houdini and asked him if he could withstand a punch in the stomach, a challenge which Houdini often took, and the former punched him several times. Houdini became sick afterwards, but continued to perform. Houdini's official cause of death was peritonitis (inflammation in the abdomen). Some speculate that it was caused by a ruptured appendix from that incident. 



Hysterectomy

A hysterectomy is surgery to remove the womb. This is usually done by a gynecologist. 
Women who undergo a hysterectomy can no longer bear children. Hysterectomies are done for certain forms of cancer of the reproductive system (affecting womb, cervix, ovaries), or tumors.

A woman may have her uterus removed because she has a tumor. A tumor can be cancer. Another type of tumor can be benign. The uterus may be removed because organs in the pelvic area have moved down. When organs move, the uterus may move down, too. A hysterectomy may be able to fix this problem. A hysterectomy can be done for other reasons. These are endometriosis, bleeding, and pain that does not stop.

When a woman has a hysterectomy other organs may be removed. Removing the ovaries and fallopian tubes can be part of the hysterectomy. 

Bergen County Academies

Bergen County Academies is a public high school in Hackensack, New Jersey, United States.

The Bergen Academies—as it is sometimes called—is a magnet school which attracts students from all over Bergen County. Students who apply to the school can choose to attend one of seven disciplines, called academies. The academies are Science (AAST), Engineering (AEDT), Medical (AMST), Business (ABF), Computer Science (ATCS), Culinary (ACAHA), and Visual and Performing Arts (AVPA). The AVPA academy is further split into three sub-sections: AVPA-V (Visual Arts), AVPA-T (Theater Arts), and AVPA-M (Music).

Hackensack, New Jersey

Hackensack is a city of Bergen County in the state of New Jersey in the United States. It is the county seat of Bergen County. Almost 46,000 people were living in Hackensack as of 2020.


Dionysius Exiguus

Dionysius Exiguus (–), was a monk born in Scythia Minor. This is now a part of modern Romania. Dionysius is best known as the inventor of the Anno Domini era, which is used to number the years of both the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar.


Galilee

Galilee ( "ha-Galil", lit: "the province", Latin: "Galileia", "al-Jaleel") is a large place in northern Israel. It is traditionally divided into Upper and Lower Galilee. It is mentioned frequently in the New Testament.

Most of Galilee is rocky terrain, between and of altitude.The term Western Galilee is a modern one, it refers to the area in the west, near the sea.

Louis Riel

Louis David Riel (22 October 1844 – 16 November 1885, (Loo-EE Ree-EL) in English) was a Métis Canadian politician. He helped in the founding of Manitoba and was a leader of the Métis people in the Canadian Prairies. He led two resistance movements against the Canadian government and Prime Minister John A. Macdonald. 

Riel tried to preserve Métis rights and culture. However, until recently, he was usually regarded as an outlawsince he fought the Canadian government in 1870, and his people took prisoners.

One of the prisoners was a man named Thomas Scott, who disobey and disrespect his captors. Scott assaulted one of Riel's men. 

Riel had enough, and Scott was put on trial to a jury containing several of Riel's most trusted men including Elzéar Goulet, a Métis leader who supported Riel. The court found Scott annoying, and he was sentenced to death by firing squad. 

Riel fled to the United States but in 1885 returned to fight against the Canadian government again. 

English-speaking Canadians, especially in Ontario, considered Riel a murderer of Scott, and a war party, the Wolsely Expedition, was sent to put his rebellion down and eventually captured him. Riel was put on trial and then hanged in Regina, now in Saskatchewan.

French-speaking Canadians caused a riot in Montreal, Quebec, after the execution and still consider him as a hero.

Final Solution

The Final Solution (German: Die Endlösung) was a plan made by Nazi Germany to kill millions of Jews and Gypsies (Roma and Sinti people of Romania and many other European countries) during World War II. On July 31 1941, Nazi Luftwaffe leader Hermann Goering ordered the SS to make plans for a "complete solution of the Jewish question." At first, people were simply shot dead, but in the autumn of 1941, the SS and police began using mobile killing vans. People were locked into the back of trucks which had been changed to allow the exhaust gases such as carbon monoxide to enter. The people sealed in the back of the truck were gassed, which led to them dying a horrible death.

Heinrich Himmler brought in a plan known as Operation Reinhard, named after SS General Reinhard Heydrich, who had been killed by Czech soldiers. Three camps were set up in Poland for the purpose of killing people. These were at Belzec, Sobibor and Treblinka. In 1942 more death camps were set up in Poland at Majdanek, Chelmno, and Auschwitz. By the end of World War II, about six million people had been killed.


Last Supper

The Last Supper is the final meal that, in the Gospel accounts, Jesus shared with his apostles in Jerusalem before his crucifixion. The Apostle Paul tells of this supper in his first letter to the Corinthians. The Synoptic Gospels all tell of Jesus using the bread and wine as symbols of his body and blood. the Gospel of John does not include those details but tells of Jesus washing the feet of the disciples. This has led to some Christian groups having a ritual of foot washing as a sign of humility. 

The Last Supper is commemorated by Christians especially on Maundy Thursday. The Last Supper provides the purpose for Eucharist, also known as "Holy Communion" or "The Lord's Supper".

Christian groups have different ways to celebrate this event. The Roman Catholic mass is observed at least weekly. Lutheran, Episcopal and other denominations also do this, but their understanding of its meaning is not identical to that of the Roman Catholics. Other denominations celebrate no more than 4 times a year. Some Christian groups such as the Salvation Army do not celebrate it at all. Churches which celebrate the last supper usually have fixed rituals that are used. This is followed by the believers receiving small pieces of bread and a sip of wine or grape juice. Some churches practice "closed" communion. This means only members of the church can participate. Others, such as Methodists allow all those present to participate. Churches with closed communion may also deny their own members if they are not living according to the rules of the church. 

The historical Roman Catholic view is that in the Eucharist the bread and wine actually turn into the real body and blood of Jesus, even though their appearance does not change.
This would mean that celebrating the Eucharist adds to the sacrifice of Jesus on the Cross. They say it takes away pain or guilt from a person for whom it is celebrated. Protestants say this is wrong. They believe that the celebration helps Christians to remember that Jesus died for them. The sacrifice of Jesus was complete and perfect, and nothing needs to be added to it. The Anglican Church states this clearly in Article 31 of their Articles of faith. 


Josephus

Titus Flavius Josephus (; 37 – 100), born Yosef ben Matityahu ( "Yōsef ben Matiṯyāhu"; "Iṓsēpos Matthíou paîs"), was a Jewish writer and historian who wrote a book about in the First Jewish–Roman War and destruction of Jerusalem in 70 . According to some historians, he wrote briefly about Jesus, some decades after Jesus died.

During the First Jewish-Roman War he fought against the Romans until his surrender in 67.

Suetonius

Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus (), commonly known as Suetonius ( ; c. AD 69 – after AD 122), was a Roman historian. His most important work is called "De Vita Caesarum," or "Lives of the Caesars". It includes the biographies of twelve successive Roman rulers, from Julius Caesar to Domitian.

Suetonius was born when Vespasian was emperor, so scholars say he must have been born before 79 c.e. His father was from Rome's equestrian social class. He worked as a secretary for Emperor Hadrian but he was accused of something having to do with the empress Sabina and was forced to retire in 121 c.e. He wrote "De Vita Caesarum" after that.

Westerners during the medieval and early modern periods thought "De Vita Caesarum" was a very good book. Many scholars have read and translated it. It has been printed in more than 100 separate versions since 1500 a.d.

Dajabón

The Dominican city of Dajabón is the head municipality of the Dajabón province, on the northwestern border with Haiti.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 25,245: 12,545 men and 12,700 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 with some families that came from Monte Cristi. During the Dominican War of Independence, the city was abandoned and it was burned several times by the Haitian army. After the war, some families came to live here and in 1864, during the period of the Restoration War, the city was made a municipality.

With the creation of the Dajabón Province in 1938, the city was made the head municipality of the new province.

Dajabón has a total area of . It has only one municipal district (a subdivision of a municipality): Cañongo.

Dajabón is at to the northwest of Santo Domingo, on the western end of the "Yaque del Norte Valley" (or "Línea Noroeste"), a part of the larger "Cibao" valley. The city is on the eastern side of the Dajabón or Masacre river; this is the only important river in the municipality. There is a bridge across the river and the Haitian city of Ouanaminthe is near the western side of the river.

The municipality is on flat land with only small hills. The altitude of the city of Dajabón is above sea level.

The municipality of Dajabón has the Monte Cristi province to the north, the municipality of Partido to the east, the municipality of Loma de Cabrera to the south and Haiti to the west.

Dajabón has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by June with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is January with .

Dajabón is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Dajabón has only one municipal district:

The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture. Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city. On Mondays and Fridays, Haitians can cross the bridge to sell and buy different things.

ISO 8601

ISO 8601 is an international standard to describe dates and times in the easiest way possible for computers to understand.

This standard is based on putting the biggest types of numbers first and the smallest types of numbers last. Because years are bigger than months, and months are bigger than days, they are put in the order of YEAR-MONTH-DAY.

A basic ISO date for today looks like 2024-03-.

The basic ISO time is 19:.

Another very important principle is that when a computer or human puts ISO 8601 dates into alphabetical order, they are also in chronological order.

People can also use these dates, but it is currently not common for people in any country to write dates using this standard in their day-to-day lives, though many Asian countries follow YEAR-MONTH-DAY order, but the most formal date format would be DAY/MONTH/YEAR with all numbers 2 digits and slashes.

Geoff Capes

Geoff Capes (born 23 August 1949) is an English shotput champion, two times world's strongest man and a champion budgerigar breeder (now president of the British Budgerigar Breeding Association. He has a beard.

He was born in 1949 in Holbeach, Lincolnshire. He is 6 foot 6 inches tall, which is unusually tall. He weighed 139 kg or 306 stone.

He used to be a policeman but retired when he became a shotputter in the 1970s. His best throw was in 1980 and was 20.5 metres. This record stood until 2003, over twenty years.

Capes once advertised caravans in South Yorkshire.

Golden eagle

The golden eagle ("Aquila chrysaetos") is one of the best-known birds of prey in the northern hemisphere. It is the most widely distributed species of eagle. Golden eagles use their agility and speed combined with powerful feet and massive, sharp talons to snatch up prey. They eat hares, rabbits, marmots and other ground squirrels.

Once common across the Holarctic, it has gone from many areas heavily populated by humans. The species is still widespread. It lives in Eurasia, North America, and parts of North Africa.

Like all eagles, it belongs to the family Accipitridae. It is one of the largest birds of prey in North America; only the California condor gets larger. Golden eagles also live in the Scottish Highlands.


Nodicia de Kesos

The Nodicia de Kesos ("Document of Kesos") is the first text written in Spanish.

The document was made between 959 and 974, and shows the evolution of the language from Latin to a romance language.

The document was made in Ardón, Kingdom of León, actually a municipality in the province of León, Spain. It is a report about some cheeses written for a monastery. It is now kept in the León Cathedral.

"Nodicia de /kesos que /espisit frater /Semeno: jn labore /de fratres jn ilo ba- /celare /de cirka Sancte Ius- /te, kesos U; jn ilo /alio de apate, /II kesos; en [que] /puseron ogano, /kesos IIII; jn ilo /de Kastrelo, I; /jn ila vinia majore, /II;

(2ª columna)/que lebaron en fosado, /II, ad ila tore; /que baron a Cegia, /II, quando la talia- /ron ila mesa; II que /lebaron Lejione; II /..s...en /u...re... /...que... /...c... /...e...u /...alio (?) /... /g... Uane Ece; alio ke le /ba de sopbrino de Gomi /de do...a...; IIII que espi- /seron quando llo rege /uenit ad Rocola; /I qua salbatore ibi /uenit."


Malena Ernman

Malena Ernman (born as Sara Magdalena Ernman, 4 November 1970) is a Swedish opera singer (mezzo-soprano). Ernman has performed chansons, cabaret, jazz and appeared in musicals. 

Malena Ernman is today one of Sweden's most popular opera singers and is is a member of The Royal Swedish Academy of Music. Ernman won Melodifestivalen in 2009 and represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.

Ernman is married to actor Svante Thunberg. They have two children including environmentalist Greta Thunberg. Ernman's father-in-law is actor Olof Thunberg.

Tönisvorst

Tönisvorst is a town in the district of Viersen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Chinese Orthodox Church

The Chinese Orthodox Church is a church in China, which, before the Chinese Revolution in 1949 was estimated to have as 30,000 members. It was given independence from the French Orthodox Church in the mid 1930s. The church today has about 92,000 members.

Manager (baseball)

A manager is the head coach of a baseball team. His job is to tell the players on the team what to do and make decisions about how the team should play, like who will play in what position. 
In the past, managers were usually players. Since they were players, these managers wore the same uniform as the rest of the team. Managers who were not players, such as Connie Mack, would not be dressed in uniform. Today, managers dress in the same uniform as the team, even though most managers today are not players. Managers in Major League Baseball and for many other teams as well are usually former players themselves. Their playing experience may give them more knowledge on the game that they can use to help their team. 

Convex regular 4-polytope

In mathematics, a convex regular 4-polytope (or polychoron) is 4-dimensional (4D) polytope which is both regular and convex. These are the four-dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids (in three dimensions) and the regular polygons (in two dimensions).

These polytopes were first described by the Swiss mathematician Ludwig Schläfli in the mid-19th century. Schläfli discovered that there are precisely six such figures. Five of these may be thought of as higher dimensional analogs of the Platonic solids. There is one additional figure (the 24-cell) which has no three-dimensional equivalent.

Each convex regular 4-polytope is bounded by a set of 3-dimensional "cells" which are all Platonic solids of the same type and size. These are fitted together along their respective faces in a regular fashion.

The following tables lists some properties of the six convex regular polychora. The symmetry groups of these polychora are all Coxeter groups and given in the notation described in that article. The number following the name of the group is the order of the group.

Since the boundaries of each of these figures is topologically equivalent to a 3-sphere, whose Euler characteristic is zero, we have the 4-dimensional analog of Euler's polyhedral formula:
where "N" denotes the number of "k"-faces in the polytope (a vertex is a 0-face, an edge is a 1-face, etc.).

The following table shows some 2 dimensional projections of these polytopes. Various other visualizations can be found in the other websites below. The Coxeter-Dynkin diagram graphs are also given below the Schläfli symbol.




Polychoron

In geometry, a polychoron (plural: polychora) is a figure in four dimensions. The word comes from Greek "poly", which means "many" and "choros" which means "room", or "space". Sometimes the figure is called 4-polytope or polyhedroid. The analogue figure in two dimensions is a polygon, and the one in three dimensions is a polyhedron. 

Flame nebula

The Flame nebula, also known as NGC 2024, is a nebula in the constellation Orion. It has no well defined edge. It is about 900 to 1,500 light-years away. 

The nebula is part of the Orion complex. This is a star-making area that also has the famous Horsehead nebula in it. The bright star Alnitak (ζ Ori), the most eastern star in the Belt of Orion, shines a glow of electrons into the Flame nebula. 


Ardón

Ardón is a municipality in the province of Llión (Spain).

The Nodicia de Kesos, first document in Leonese language, was found in this place.


Polytope

A polytope is figure in geometry. It is a geometric object with flat sides, in any number of dimensions. A polygon is a polytope in two dimensions, a polyhedron in three dimensions, and so on. Sometimes the number of dimensions is shown as a number, as in a polyhedron being a 3-polytope or a tesseract a convex regular 4-polytope. 


Mir Jafar

Syed Mir Jafar Ali Khan Bahadur ( – 5 February 1765) often known as Mir Jafar, his full, formal name Shuja ul-Mulk, Hashim ud-Daula, Nawab Ja'afar 'Ali Khan Bahadur, Mahabat Jang was a Bengali Sunni Muslim remembered for the agreement he made with the British when he was Nawab of Bengal. This agreement meant that the Army of Bengal surrendered to the British army and were killed at the Battle of Plassey. This was the start of the British rule in Bengal. He also gave his daughter Nazia Begum in marriage to the British governor of Bengal, James Patrick Peters. The marriage ceremony of James Peters and Nazia Begum began in the year 1760, a year after the British victory at Plassey. On the wedding night, Nazia Begum and James Peters engaged in sexual intercourse while Mir Jafar watched. This was to prove the superiority of the British over not only the Indian nation but also the Indian women.

He is remembered by the people of Bengal and Pakistan. The word "mirjafar" in Bengali and the phrase "meer jafar" in Urdu now are often used to mean traitor.

Mir Jafar was an influential figure in the history of Bengal during the 18th century. He was born in the early 1690s and hailed from a noble family. Mir Jafar initially served as a commander in the army of Nawab Alivardi Khan, the ruler of Bengal. However, in 1757, during the Battle of Plassey, he betrayed the Nawab and colluded with the British East India Company. This treacherous act resulted in the British victory over the Nawab's forces, marking a significant turning point in the colonization of India by the British. In return for his betrayal, Mir Jafar was installed as the puppet Nawab of Bengal by the British. His reign as Nawab was marred by corruption and subservience to the British, which led to discontent among the people. Mir Jafar's name became synonymous with betrayal, and he is often remembered as a traitor in Indian history.

Convex set

In Euclidean space, a region is a convex set if the following is true. For any two points inside the region, a straight line segment can be drawn. If every point on that segment is inside the region, then the region is convex.

The point is that a convex curve forms the boundary of a convex set. So, any shape which is concave, or has a hollow, cannot be a convex set.


Khondaker Mostaq Ahmad

Khondaker Mostaq Ahmad (also spelled Khandakar Mushtaq Ahmed; – 5 March 1996) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the President of Bangladesh from 15 August to 6 November 1975, after the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.

Shah Azizur Rahman

Shah Azizur Rahman (; 23 November 1925 – 1 September 1989) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. However, he was the subject of considerable controversy for his collaboration with the Pakistan Army against the struggle to establish Bangladesh.

He was Prime Minister under President Zia. He was a veteran parliamentarian. He was famous for his razor sharp tongue. He was fluent in several languages.

Mutualism (biology)

Mutualism is a relationship between two organisms in which both benefit. It is a type of symbiosis which improves the biological fitness of both parties. The two organisms usually come from widely different types, often from different phyla or even kingdoms. The term is not used for any cooperation between animals of the same species.

Edouard van Beneden (18091894) introduced the term into evolutionary biology and ecology in the 1870s.

Examples:

16-cell

In four dimensional geometry, a 16-cell, is a regular convex polychoron, or polytope existing in four dimensions. It is also known as the hexadecachoron. It is one of the six regular convex polychora first described by the Swiss mathematician Ludwig Schläfli in the mid-19th century. 

Conway calls it an orthoplex for "orthant complex", as well as the entire class of cross-polytopes.

The hexadecachoron is a member of the family of polytopes called the cross-polytopes, which exist in all dimensions. As such, its dual polychoron is the tesseract (the 4-dimensional hypercube).

It is bounded by 16 cells, all of which are regular tetrahedra. It has 32 triangular faces, 24 edges, and 8 vertices. The 24 edges bound 6 squares lying in the 6 coordinate planes.

The eight vertices of the hexadecachoron are (±1, 0, 0, 0), (0, ±1, 0, 0), (0, 0, ±1, 0), (0, 0, 0, ±1). All vertices are connected by edges except opposite pairs.

The Schläfli symbol of the hexadecachoron is {3,3,4}. Its vertex figure is a regular octahedron. There are 8 tetrahedra, 12 triangles, and 6 edges meeting at every vertex. Its edge figure is a square. There are 4 tetrahedra and 4 triangles meeting at every edge.

There is a lower symmetry form of the "16-cell", called a demitesseract or 4-demicube, a member of the demihypercube family, and represented by h{4,3,3}, and can be drawn bicolored with alternating tetrahedral cells.

One can tessellate 4-dimensional Euclidean space by regular 16-cells. This is called the hexadecachoric honeycomb and has Schläfli symbol {3,3,4,3}. The dual tessellation, icositetrachoric honeycomb, {3,4,3,3}, is made of by regular 24-cells. Together with the tesseractic honeycomb {4,3,3,4}, these are the only three regular tessellations of R. Each 16-cell has 16 neighbors with which it shares an octahedron, 24 neighbors with which it shares only an edge, and 72 neighbors with which it shares only a single point. Twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation.

The cell-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a cubical envelope. The closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed tetrahedra within the cube, corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube. Surrounding each of these tetrahedra are 4 other (non-regular) tetrahedral volumes that are the images of the 4 surrounding tetrahedral cells, filling up the space between the inscribed tetrahedron and the cube. The remaining 6 cells are projected onto the square faces of the cube. In this projection of the 16-cell, all its edges lie on the faces of the cubical envelope.

The cell-first perspective projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a triakis tetrahedral envelope. The layout of the cells within this envelope are analogous to that of the cell-first parallel projection.

The vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope. This octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes, by cutting along the coordinate planes. Each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell. The closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron.

Finally the edge-first parallel projection has a shortened octahedral envelope, and the face-first parallel projection has a hexagonal bipyramidal envelope.




Regular polytope

In mathematics, a regular polytope is a shape with sides and vertices that are symmetrical. Like other polytopes, regular polytopes are found in any number of dimensions.

A two-dimensional regular polytope is a regular polygon, and a three-dimensional regular polytope is a regular polyhedron. Even though these groups include different shapes, they are based on the same idea of the shapes having regular symmetry. Regular polytopes have regular facets (faces, as seen from the 3D viewpoint), and their vertex figures are regular.

Each number of dimensions has a different set of regular polytopes. However, all of them have a simple shape. The simplest of regular polytopes is the triangle in 2D, the tetrahedron in 3D, and the pentachoron in 4D.

Moudud Ahmed

Moudud Ahmed (May 24, 1940 – March 16, 2021) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad between 1979 until 1982, 1986 until 1996 and 2001 until 2006.

Ahmed was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh from 1988 to 1989 as part of General Ershad's Jatiyo's party. He was also the Minister of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs as part of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) of Begum Khaleda Zia's term between 2001 and 2006. In 2010 he became one of the leaders of the BNP.

From 1989 until 1990, Ahmed was Vice President of Bangladesh during the final year of Hussain Muhammad Ershad presidency.

Ahmed was hospitalized for lung congestion and kidney problems in Singapore on February 1, 2021. He died a month later on March 16, at the age of 80.

Ziaur Rahman

Ziaur Rahman ( Ziaur Rôhman; January 19, 1936–May 30, 1981) was a Bangladeshi war hero, politician and statesman. He was the President of Bangladesh from 1976 until 1981 and founded the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), one of the two largest political parties in the country. His widow, Begum Khaleda Zia, has been Prime Minister of Bangladesh three times.

Vertex figure

In geometry, a vertex figure is the figure that results when a corner of a polyhedron or polytope is sliced off. 

Khaleda Zia

Begum Khaleda Zia (; born 1945) is a former Prime Minister of Bangladesh. She was Prime Minister from 1991 to 1996, and also from 2001 to 2006. She was the first woman Prime Minister in Bangladesh. Zia is the widow of assassinated President of Bangladesh Ziaur Rehman. She leads his old political party, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP).

Bush Hill Park railway station

Bush Hill Park railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in north London. It is in Travelcard Zone 5, on the Enfield Town branch of the Lea Valley Lines. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by London Overground.

American lobster

The American lobster ("Homarus americanus") is a species of lobster are found in the Atlantic Ocean on the east coast of North America.

Canadian English

Canadian English is the type of English that is used by Canadians.
It is like American English in terms of vocabulary, but its grammar is like that of British English.

Canadian English is generally taught in schools using British ways of spelling, such as colour, flavour, and so on. However, the word themselves are usually American, in part because Canadians watch a lot of American TV shows and listen to a lot of American pop music. Rarely, the British form of words may be replaced with American forms, such as plow, program, and so on.

The main exception to this rule is terms related to cars and the auto industry. Because Canada's auto industry has always been dominated by American firms, Canadians use American words and spelling for such terms. Canadians and Americans spell the outer rubber portion of a wheel as "tire" instead of "tyre", put "gasoline" or "gas" in their vehicles instead of "petrol", store items in the "trunk" instead of the "boot", and may drive a "truck" instead of a "lorry".

Canadian English is different from other forms of English in its spoken form also. The dialects vary from sounding overtly English to an indistinguishable form very similar to those spoken in the northern states.

Academic work has identified distinct differences in the Canadian English spoken based on the characteristics of the speaker, including their age, region, and gender.

Extensive research conducted by Canadian linguist Sali Tagliamonte on the differences in Canadian English features used by younger and older generations of speakers has found substantial evidence of intergenerational lexical replacement. Significant differences have been found in variant preferences among Canadian adolescents, adults, and elderly speakers. This change is speculated to have been influenced by the cultural impacts of widely accessible American literature and mass media. 



Charles Boberg's 2005 North American Regional Variety Survey found that English-speaking Canada encompasses 6 principal lexical regions: Western Canada, Ontario, Montreal, New Brunswick - Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, and Newfoundland, each separated by a lexical boundary. Lexical boundary distinction is measured on the basis of “major isoglosses,” which occur when there is greater than a 50% difference in the frequency of a linguistic variant between regional boundaries; and mean net variation between the borders of neighbouring lexical regions. 

Montreal is found to be the most lexically distinct region. Its eastern border with New Brunswick contains the highest amount of mean net variation in Canada besides its own western border with Ontario, and involves over twice the amount of major isoglosses compared to any other border. 


Gender

Lexical distinctions have also occurred on the basis of the speaker’s gender. Females are generally more likely to adopt new expressions and Canadianisms more quickly, and are suspected to be leaders of linguistic change. Because of their rapid adoption of new linguistic features, they are less likely to maintain long-term usage of older expressions. Consequently, males tend to be less receptive to the adoption of new expressions, but are more likely to maintain stable use of expressions that they have already adopted.


The "Groundhog Day Loop"

Since the birth of Canadian English via the publication of the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (DCHP-1) in 1967, the public awareness of this “distinct” variety has been greatly dulled by several factors. In his article entitled ‘The Groundhog Day Loop in Canadian English’, Stefan Dollinger points to the bridging efforts of David Suzuki and Bob McDonald’s efforts in “improving the public knowledge of science” and emphasizes that it is linguistic scholars in Canada “who are not only utterly and completely to blame for this situation” but who should certainly follow in the footsteps of Suzuki and McDonald in their public outreach. Dollinger goes on to point out Canadian journalists are also stuck in “Groundhog Day loop” whereby queries on the existence of Canadian English made decades ago are renewed, seemingly ignoring any evidence of resolution reported by other journalists. Indeed a search for “Canadianisms”, “Canadian slang” and “Canadian English” demonstrates continuous mixed messages on the part of traditional media. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) reported on the second edition of the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles in two separate articles in 2017 (see also Canadian Television Network: Where did that come from, eh? New Dictionary traces ‘Canadianism by Jackie Dunham 2017) and then printed an article in 2022 by Jackson Weaver entitled ‘Canada’s English Dictionary hasn’t been updated in almost 2 decades. What does that say about us?’. These examples illustrate a complete lack of continuity of narrative on the part of legacy media in informing the public on issues of Canadian identity like language.

Academic and Public Collaboration

Fortunately, evidence can be found indicating that bridges are being made, through various media forms, to educate the public and disseminate knowledge on features of Canadian English. The best example of this bridging effort is from a 2018 article from the10and3.com entitled ‘This is How Canada Talks’ by Zack Gallinger and Arik Motskin. The article summarizes the results of a questionnaire survey, conducted by the authors in consultation (and oversight) with the esteemed Canadian linguist Charles Boberg, enquiring as to “the different ways Canadians speak”. The survey was distributed via social media, elicited 9500 responses covering every province and territory and identified several “interesting linguistic subregions like Cape Breton, Labrador and the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland”. The results of the survey provide an easy-to-read series of regional maps illustrating 19 regional Canadianisms (read vocabulary differences) and three regional maps based on pronunciation. According to the CBC News article ‘Lost in Translation: Study on Canadian slang draws strange dividing lines’ by Wallis Snowdon, “The resulting map went viral last week and spurred heated debate at office water coolers and online message boards across the country”. This is precisely how academia can bridge the “linguistic chasm” as coined by Dollinger.

Public Knowledge

Further encouraging evidence is contained in an article on geekdad.com entitled ‘55 Canadianism You May Not Know or Using Differently’ by the blogger Jules Sherred. Sherred presents 175 individuals with a survey “quizzing them on their knowledge of 82 Canadianisms”. This cohort is then broken down into “104 Americans, 52 Canadians, and 19 people from the following Commonwealth countries: New Zealand, Australia, Scotland, England, and Wales”. Each respondent is presented with a term, a definition and then asked to indicate their level of familiarity with the term if they used it. Sherred identifies that of the 82 Canadianisms, 42 were unfamiliar to Americans, 10 lead to “questionable results”, “three were honourable mentions” (cite), 16 “familiar but not used” (cite) and 11 “familiar and used”. Although not technically bridging gaps from academic to the public domain, Sherred’s work provides insight into the understanding and use of Canadianisms at home and abroad and in so doing promotes awareness and dialogue on the topic.

There are many websites claiming to explain what a Canadianism is but very few are as clear as Walter Avis when he states that:  “a word, expression or meaning which is native to Canada or which is distinctively characteristic of Canadian usage though not necessarily exclusive to Canada”; many of these are simply lists of terms. Others, like the online Canadian Encyclopedia and Encyclopedia.com offer greater detail into the topic of Canadianisms but it is unclear how much influence they have on social awareness. Clearly there is not only great need for better collaboration between scholars and media but also greater effort placed on public outreach and education. 


Asian arowana

The Asian arowana ("Scleropages formosus") is a species of fish that live in slow moving streams and creeks in Southeast Asia and Australia; Borneo, Malaysia, Sumatra and Thailand.

Javan hawk-eagle

The Javan hawk-eagle ("Nisaetus bartelsi") is a medium-sized dark brown raptor in the family Accipitridae. The Javan hawk-eagle is the national bird of Indonesia.

The Javan hawk-eagle is believed to be monogamous. The female usually lays one egg in a nest high on top of a forest tree. Their diet consists mainly of birds, lizards, fruit bats and mammals.

Uttarkashi district

Uttarkashi District (), also known as Uttar Kashi District, is a district of Garhwal division of the Uttarakhand state in northern India. Its headquarters are at Uttarkashi city.

Uttarkashi District town is high in the Himalaya range. The source of both the Ganges and Yamuna rivers are in the district. These attract thousands of Hindu pilgrims. The town is on the main route to Gangotri, has many Hindu temples, and is thought to be an important Hindu pilgrimage centre.

The 2011 census said that 329,686 people live in Uttarkashi district. This is around the same amount as the nation of Belize. Because of this, it is 567th in India by the amount of people who live there (out of a total of 640).

Simplex

In geometry, a simplex (plural: "simplices" or "simplexes"), sometimes called "n-simplex" is the "n"-dimensional analogue figure of the triangle. A triangle is a 2-simplex. The 0-simplex is the point, the 1-simplex is the line segment (line connecting two points). The 3-simplex is the tetrahedron, and the 4-simplex is the pentachoron.

A regular simplex is a simplex that is also a regular polytope. A regular "n"-simplex may be made from a regular ("n" - 1)-simplex by connecting a new vertex to all the other vertices. All the vertices have the same length.

Pentachoron

In geometry a Pentachoron is an object in four-dimensional (4D) space. It is a regular polytope and a 4-simplex. It is also called hyperpyramid, 5-cell or pentatope. It has 5 cells ("faces"). Each cell is a tetrahedron.

Bikaner division

Bikaner Division is one of the administrative geographical unit, called a division, of the Republic of India in Rajasthan province.

Jodhpur division

Jodhpur Division is one of the administrative geographical units, called a division, of the Republic of India.

Hakka

Hakka may refer to:


Hakka language

Hakka is a dialect of the Chinese language spoken mainly in southern China by the Hakka people and their descendants now living in East and Southeast Asia and countries around the world.


Leonese Language Day

Leonese Language Day ("Día de la Llingua Llïonesa") is a celebration of the Leonese language. This celebration was started in the city of Llión, province of Llión, Spain. It was the result of a protocol signed between Leonese Provincial Government and the Cultural Association for Leonese Language El Fueyu. The celebration is run by the Llión City Council.

Some things that happen during the celebration are a display of traditional Leonese music, as well as the display of some works about Leonese language. There are also books about the Leonese language and Leonese films.

Leonese Language Day started on June 10, 2006. The celebration was organized by the "Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu" with the help of the Asociación Berciana en Defensa de la Llingua Llïonesa El Toralín, "La Barda" (Leonese language association from Salamanca) and "Pro Monumenta". There were traditional Leonese musical actuations and it was presented the book in Leonese language "Cuentos del Sil", and several personalities from the cultural, universitary, politic leonese world with young Leonese language students recited poems in Leonese language. It counted with the support of Leonese Provincial Government

This second Leonese Language Day was celebrated on December 16, 2007. The celebration was organized by the Leonese City Council with the help of several associations. At the celebration a documentary called "Asina falamos" was shown, as well as a play called "Fuei a corteixar a Robles".

The third Leonese Language Day was run by the Leonese City Council, with help of several Leonese associations like puntuLLI. That celebration was on December 30. There were meetings about the Leonese Language at the celebration.

At the fourth Leonese Language Day there were musicians like Rodrigo Martínez, Banda de Gaitas, and Ciudá de Llión. During the celebration diplomas were given to the people who done Leonese language lessons in School.



PuntuLLI

The Asociación PuntuLLI (dot LLI) is an association that promotes the creation of a Top Level Domain for the Leonese Language and Culture.

Similar campaigns started in Scotland (dot SCO), Wales (dot CYM), Berlin (dot Berlin) or New York (dot New York).

PuntuLLI is recognised by cityTLD as a Top Level Domain official initiative.

The campaign for reaching a .lli domain started on January 2007 looking for the support of associations and institutions. Between the organizations that support this requirement to the ICANN there are associations about culture, language, sport or nature.

This association promotes the creation of a .lli domain in Internet, according to the ICANN policy of giving Top Level Domains for the languages and cultures. In this sense, puntuLLI promotes a Leonese language and cultural domain.

In 2008 PuntuLLI have collaborated with other initiatives for promoting the Leonese language like an sponsor, specially the Armwrestling World Championship, developed in Llión, the Leonese Country Pipe Bands Championship. 
Leonese City Council selected puntuLLI as official developer of the Internet activities in the III Leonese Language Day.

There are more than 800 people added and 44 organisations that support the campaign, via web, for reaching a Top Level Domain for Leonese language and culture webs.

Actually there are campaigns for reaching TLDs for languages and cultures in Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Galicia, Basque Country, England, Quebec and Cornwall.

Similar campaigns, requesting a TLD for cities, are developed in Berlin, London, New York and Paris.




Proposed top-level domain

There are several proposed top-level domains that have not yet been submitted to or approved by ICANN, as of 2008.


These proposals are centered on creating an independent internet identity for linguistic and cultural communities. They are mostly inspired by the success of the .cat domain created for websites in the Catalan language or about the Catalan culture.

".kids" is a top-level domain that has been proposed by several entities. So far, none of these proposals (other than the second-level .kids.us domain) have come to fruition.

Applications for a .kids domain have included:

The European Parliament has also proposed .kid for websites designed for children. It would be monitored by an independent authority.




ICANN

ICANN (, eye-can) is the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. ICANN is a non-profit corporation that was made on September 18, 1998. 

It oversees Internet-related tasks that used to be done by Internet Assigned Numbers Authority for the U.S. government. ICANN is located in Marina Del Rey, California, United States.

ICANN manages the assignment of domain names and IP addresses. To date, much of its work is about making new generic top-level domains.


The Lone Gunmen (TV series)

The Lone Gunmen was a short-lived television show based on the show "The X-Files". It focused on the three geeks that occasionally helped Agents Mulder and Scully. Their names were John Byers, played by Bruce Harwood, Ringo Langly, played by Dean Haglund, and Melvin Frohike, played by Tom Braidwood (who used to work behind the scenes on "The X-Files" until he was talked into taking the part of Frohike).

The series expanded the line-up to include a character named Jimmy Bond, played by Stephen Snedden, and Yves Adele Harlow, played by Zuleikha Robinson.

It is best known for predicting the events of 9/11 in its first episode.

Travelcard

A Travelcard is a ticket used for most transport in London, including buses and the underground. The ticket is issued by Transport for London and National Rail and can be used on the services of either.

Before Travelcards were used, travellers in Greater London had to pay every time they changed between
London Transport's bus and Underground services. This was a problem as it led to delays while purchasing the next ticket.

One ticket for all transport in London was one of the key promises made in 1981 by the newly-elected Labour Greater London Council, headed by council leader Ken Livingstone. The policy, with the slogan "Just The Ticket", meant that only one ticket was needed for London Transport bus and Underground services. They also reduced the price of transport. The price cut was then ruled illegal, but the one pricing scheme was mostly a success and was extended during the 1980s and 1990s as new transport routes were opened in London.

By 1985, there were two travelcards: the Travelcard itself, which covered only London Buses and the Underground, and the Capitalcard, which covered most bus, Underground and local British Rail (BR) services. The Travelcard replaced the original Capitalcard, while including its greater availability, around 1989.

The original "zonal" system was mainly in Greater London. The zone areas used both letters and numbers for the outermost zones such that bus availability ignored the letter while BR and Underground availability depended also upon the letter(s) - e.g. a Travelcard or Capitalcard valid in zone 3a (but not 3b or 3c) was valid on buses in zones 3a, 3b and 3c but only in zone 3a when used on the railway services.

A Travelcard entitles the holder to use the following modes of transport within Greater London:


Travelcards also entitle the holder to a 33% discount on some London River Services.

Top-level domain

A top-level domain, or TLD, are the letters that follow the final dot of the domain names.

There are several kinds of TLDs:



Loma de Cabrera

Loma de Cabrera is a Dominican city and municipality of the Dajabón province, on the northwestern part of the country, near the border with Haiti.

It was a small town in the Monte Cristi province that became a municipality when the Dajabón province was created in 1938.

Its Spanish name, Loma de Cabrera, means in English "Hill of Cabrera" or "Cabrera's Hill". The city and most of the municipality is among hills and its old name was Loma de David (David's Hill) but it was named after José Cabrera, one of the leaders of the Restoration War against Spain and who fought in this region.

The municipality is surrounded by municipalities of the Dajabón province: Dajabón to the north, Rstauración to the south, and El Pino and Partido to the east. To the west, Loma de Cabrera borders with Haiti.

The city had, in , a total population of 10,893: 5,647 men and 5,246 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Loma de Cabrera has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Dajabón . The city is an elevation of , and at to the south of the city of Dajabón, the capital of the province.

Most of the municipality is among mountains because it is in the northern side of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain"). The highest mountains are to the south of the city; to the north, there are only low hills with small valleys.

To the north of the city there is a hill with pines that can be seen from the city because it is alone; it is the "Cerro Chacuey" (in English, Chacuey Hill).

The most important river of the municipality (and of the province) is the Dajabón River, also called Masacre River; it flows across the municipality from south to north. There are other rivers but they are very small and tributaries of the Dajabón.

The municipality of Loma de Cabrera has two municipal districts: Capotillo, to the west of the city and close to Haiti, and Santiago de la Cruz in the northern part of the municipality.

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are coffee, beans and manioc.

Cattle raising for milk is also an important activity in the municipality.

Enfield Town railway station

Enfield Town railway station is the most central of many stations in Enfield, in northeast London. It is the endpoint of a branch line from Liverpool Street, one of the Lea Valley Lines. The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by London Overground. The station is in Travelcard Zone 5.

Trains on the Hertford Loop Linego through Enfield. Enfield Chase railway station is on the opposite side of the town centre. The nearest station on the West Anglia Main Line is at Ponders End.



Edmonton Green railway station

Edmonton Green railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in north east London, and is in Travelcard Zone 4. It is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines. The station is served by London Overground during off peak and peak times and Abellio Greater Anglia during peak times. It is in the centre of Edmonton, London.

The station was opened as Edmonton Green on July 22, 1872 and was renamed to Lower Edmonton on July 1, 1883. It reverted to its original name in 1992 to better reflect the name of the area which it serves. It is located close to Edmonton Green shopping centre. It is near the former site of Lower Edmonton (low level) railway station.


Avoirdupois system

The avoirdupois system is a system for measuring weight. It is based on a pound of 16 ounces or 7,000 grains (453.59 grams). It is the system used in the United States. It is still used by many people in Canada, United Kingdom, and Ireland. 

Paul Blart: Mall Cop

Paul Blart: Mall Cop is a 2009 American comedy movie starring Kevin James, Keir O'Donnell, and Jayma Mays. It was released on January 16, 2009, in the United States by Columbia Pictures.


The movie received negative reviews from critics, but was met with critical acclaim from critics, namely movie-buff Emre Kahraman, who said of the movie "HOW U DO DIS," and "this is the most highly respected Italian film of ALL TIME." "Rotten Tomatoes" said that 29% of critics gave positive reviews, based on 81 reviews. Another website, Metacritic, gave the movie a 41/100 approval rating, based on 21 reviews from critics.


Lilo &amp; Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch

Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch is a 2005 direct-to-video animated sequel to the 2002 Walt Disney Pictures movie "Lilo & Stitch" and taking place before "Stitch! The Movie" and other additions to the franchise. It was originally planned for a theatrical release (like "The Jungle Book 2)", but was released to DVD and VHS on August 30, 2005.

After the event of the ‘’Lilo and Stitch’’, Stitch is now living with Lilo, Nani, David, and Jumba and Pleakey in Hawaii. Although, stitch is having nightmares of Being bad again, including hurting Lilo. While on the way to hula school, Stitch glitches when they get on, And when they get inside. Lilo discovers that a hula contest is Being planned, And decides to be good so she could perform in the hula contest.

During a family fun night, Stitch glitches during the film And go berserk. When Nani And Lilo with Jumbo and Peakley to see what is going on, they discovered that stitches monecules wasn’t fully charged and that he needs to be put in a fusion chamber. However, Lilo misunderstand that stitch is being bad again, and begins to neglect him.

As the two perform For the hula contest, everything goes well, but not until stitch goes berserk again. The teacher Moses hurts LILO’s feelings, saying that she will be expelled from the hula school If stitch keeps going up like this only to regret it Afterwards, but Lilo begins to neglect him, David, and even stitch as well. Stitch makes a goodness meter by doing good deeds only for Lilo, who is exercising alone, To to crumpled it up and stitch a fuzzball. The to get into a big fight and when Nani, David, and Jamba and Peakley try to settle it, Yells at stitch that he will be bad, and he will always be bad before storming off Leaving the family confused and stitch heartbroken.

On the day of the competition,


Additional vocals were provided by Bill Caparella, Cam Clarke, Matt Corboy, Jennifer Hale, Sherry Lynn, Mickie McGowan, Emily Osment, Haley Joel Osment, Daryl Sabara and Kari Wahlgren.

Lilo & Stitch 2: Island Favorites is the soundtrack of the movie. Released on August 30, 2005, by Walt Disney Records, it is the sequel to the original movie's soundtrack.


Stitch! The Movie

Stitch! The Movie is a direct-to-video animated spin-off of "Lilo & Stitch", released on August 26, 2003. Although it follows the original movie, it is often considered more of a pilot for the spinoff series "". The movie introduces Jumba's 625 experiments. Without the credits, the movie is only 57 minutes long.

Stitch, Jumba, and Pleakley are all living with Lilo and Nani. But no one knows that Jumba had secretly deactivated all 625 of his other experiments and brought them with him. The ex-captain Gantu, hired by Jumba's former partner, Dr. Jacques von Hämsterviel, goes to find them and captures Jumba to force him into telling where they are. Now, Lilo and Stitch have to save Stitch's ohana from being used for chaos. Two experiments are activated in this movie: 221, "Sparky", with the ability to cause big electric surges, and 625 who has all the abilities of Stitch but is lazier. At least he makes good sandwiches!

The movie's original title was going to be "Lilo & Stitch: A New Ohana". At some time, there was a decision to only have Stitch's name in the names of both the movie and the following series, which was planned to be called "Stitch! The Series". Eventually, this was changed, making this movie and the series have different names. The "Stitch!" name, with the exclamation point, was later used as the name of an anime series five years after this movie's release.




Leroy &amp; Stitch

Leroy & Stitch is an animated movie made by Walt Disney Television Animation. It is a spin-off movie of the 2002 animated movie "Lilo & Stitch", the end of the television series "", and the end of Lilo's storyline in the entire "Lilo & Stitch" franchise, with Stitch leaving or getting separated from her in the later TV spin-off series "Stitch!" and "Stitch & Ai". The movie premiered on the Disney Channel on June 23, 2006 and also aired on Toon Disney on June 26, 2006. It was released on DVD in the United States on June 27, 2006, a few days after the TV series finale.

Lilo, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley have finally caught all of Jumba's genetic experiments and found the one true place where each of them belongs. Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley are offered positions in the Galactic Alliance, turning them down so they can stay on Earth with Lilo. But Lilo realizes her alien friends have places where they belong, and it's finally time to say "aloha." Meanwhile, Gantu has left Earth and broken Doctor Jacques von Hamsterviel out of prison, who's planning to create and clone a new experiment named "Leroy," one that will allow him take over the galaxy.



And Then There Were None

And Then There Were None is a famous mystery book by Agatha Christie. It was first published in 1939. It is sometimes called Ten Little Indians or Ten Little Niggers. It has none of Agatha's famous detectives, Miss Marple or Hercule Poirot, but it still has two detectives: Sir Legge and Inspector Maine. The book is about 10 people who come to an island. One by one, they all get murdered. The characters in the book try to find out who the murderer is. When they all die, Sir Legge and Inspector Maine investigate the murders. The book is still very popular today. It includes 10 main characters: Wargrave, Vera, Lombard, Macarthur, Mr. Rogers, Mrs. Rogers, Marston, Blore, Emily Brent, and Dr. Armstrong.


Dworshak Dam

Dworshak Dam is a concrete gravity dam in the western United States, on the North Fork Clearwater River in Clearwater County, Idaho. It originated for the lower Snake River drainage basin where the USACE (United States Army Corps of Engineers) researched it in 1953. They considered that this place in Idaho could be developed for reservoir storage and hydroelectric power generation. And the government choice for the final site for Dworshak Dam was at a point on the North Fork of the Clearwater 1.9 miles (3.1 km).

It was built beginning in the year 1966. It was finished in 1972. The energy it gives totals 400 megawatts. Dworshak Dam is the 22nd tallest in the world. It is the 3rd tallest in the United States.

Dworshak Dam is a concrete dam. Standing 717 feet (219 m) high from the horizon, 632 feet (193 m) above the riverbed and measurement 3,287 feet (1,002 m) long along its crest. The top of the dam is 44 feet (13 m) wide at an elevation of 1,613 feet (492 m) above sea level. The main body of the structure can accommodate about 6,500,000 cubic yards (5,000,000 m3) water.

Some people consider that one of the major benefits for building the Dworshak Dam was that it would provide recreation and improve the local economy. Each year between 110,000 and 140,000 people travel to Dworshak Dam; they mostly choose to visit during the summer high water months. Leisure activities include boating, water-skiing, camping, fishing, hiking and hunting.


i
Arkansas River

The Arkansas River is a river in the United States. It flows southeast and is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It is about long. It is the sixth longest river in the United States.

The Arkansas begins in the state of Colorado. Then, it flows through the states of Kansas and Oklahoma. It flows into the Mississippi River in Arkansas, which is named for the river. Riverboats go up the Arkansas River as far as Oklahoma.

It has several major tributaries. These are the Canadian River, the Cimarron River, and the Salt Fork Arkansas River. 

Angel Falls

Angel Falls is the tallest waterfall in the world. It fell but recently dropped to mountain called "Auyantepui". It is in Venezuela. The drop is so far that the water turns into mist when it reaches the bottom.

The falls are named for Jimmy Angel. Jimmy Angel was an airplane pilot that crashed at the top of the falls in 1937.

Angel Falls is also called Salto Ángel or indigenous Kerepakupai-merú. The indigenous name derived from the Pemón natives means "falls from the deepest place". Ironically, the more famous name of the falls had nothing to do with the connotation that its water fell from the heavens.


SS Andrea Doria

SS "Andrea Doria" was an Italian ocean liner, or passenger ship. It was owned by a ship line called the Italian Line. It was said to be the biggest, fastest, safest, and most beautiful ship in Italy after World War II. It could carry 1,221 passengers and 563 crew.

The ship was built by the Ansaldo Shipyards in Genoa, Italy. It was launched on June 16, 1951. Its maiden voyage, or first voyage, was on January 14, 1953. Three years later in 1956, it crashed with another ship, MS "Stockholm", in the Atlantic Ocean. At that time, 1,706 people were on board. "Andrea Doria" sank in 11 hours, but "Stockholm" survived.

The "Andrea Doria" was the last large ocean liner to sink before airplane travel became popular.

"Andrea Doria" was built at the Ansaldo Shipyards, which was a shipbuilding company in Genoa, Italy. At the time of building, she was:
It was designed for comfort. Its designer was an Italian architect called Minoletti. There was also another ship, "Cristoforo Colombo", that looked exactly like "Andrea Doria".

"Andrea Doria" was a transatlantic ocean liner, which is a ship that crosses the Atlantic Ocean. The ship had three swimming pools, and was the first ship to have that many. Over 1 million dollars were spent on art to decorate the ship.

The ship was also built for safety. It had 11 watertight compartments. These are special dividers in a ship to keep water in one place. If two of them were filled, the ship would not sink. "Andrea Doria" also had very advanced radar. Radar could warn the captain of the Andrea Doria if there was something in the path of the ship. However one big problem was that the ship often tilted too much to one side.

"Andrea Doria" had two rows of lifeboats, which are small boats that can evacuate passengers if the ship sinks. However, if the ship tilted too much, half of the lifeboats could not be used. "Andrea Doria"'s maiden voyage (first voyage) was on January 14, 1953.

"Andrea Doria" sank in the night between July 25, 1956, and July 26, 1956. When she sank, she had 1,134 passengers and 572 crew members, and her captain was Piero Calamai. She was sailing in the Atlantic Ocean. Her path was from Genoa, Italy, to New York, in the United States. "Andrea Doria" entered very thick fog when it passed by Nantucket, which is a small island near Massachusetts. Soon, another ship entered the fog. This was SS "Stockholm". SS "Stockholm" was another passenger ship. Because of the fog, the two ships could not see each other. When they finally noticed each other, they tried to turn away. "Andrea Doria" turned left to pass "Stockholm". But "Stockholm" turned right to try to pass "Andrea Doria". Because of the fog, they could not see what each other was trying to do. At 11:10 PM of July 25, 1956, "Andrea Doria" and "Stockholm" crashed together.

"Stockholm" crashed into the right side of "Andrea Doria" near the middle. It made a large hole that was almost deep. It broke open several of the watertight compartments on "Andrea Doria". It also broke five fuel tanks. The fuel tanks were filled by 500 tons of water. "Stockholm" and "Andrea Doria" separated in 30 seconds. "Andrea Doria" began to tilt to its right side. Soon, half of the lifeboats could not be used, because it was tilting too much. The weight of the fuel tanks that were filled by water also pulled it down. "Stockholm"'s whole front end was destroyed, but it did not sink. 46 passengers on the "Andrea Doria" were killed by the crash. Five crew members of the "Stockholm" were also killed. However, one incredible survivor was Linda Morgan, an "Andrea Doria" passenger who landed on the "Stockholm" when they crashed.

Thirty minutes after the crash, the people on "Andrea Doria" decided to abandon the ship. However, some crew had already left. This made it harder because no crew was there to help. However, there were still enough lifeboats to get everyone out safely. The "SS "Ile de France"", a French ship, arrived at the "Andrea Doria" to help rescue passengers. It launched lifeboats to rescue passengers of the "Andrea Doria". The "Ile de France" had sailed only one day, so it had lots of supplies left to help the passengers of "Andrea Doria". "Andrea Doria" continued to tilt right, and eventually began to sink on 9:45 AM of July 26, 1956. Before that, at 9:00 AM, all the survivors were off the ship. At 10:00 AM, "Andrea Doria" was tilted so far to the right that its windows touched the ocean. At 10:09 AM, the ship sank. This was 10 hours and 59 minutes after it had crashed with the "Stockholm". The back of "Andrea Doria" rose, and its left propeller lifted out of the water. Some lifeboats that were still on the ship broke off and floated away upside down. The ship had drifted 1.6 nautical miles (a measuring distance used at sea) from where it had crashed with the "Stockholm".

A total of six different ships rescued passengers of the "Andrea Doria", including the "Stockholm" and "Ile de France". "Stockholm" was the last to arrive, because it was damaged. Many families had their hopes of seeing loved ones again destroyed. The most affected were those who were meeting members of several families immigrating to the United States in hope of new lives. The Chrysler Norseman, a prototype car headed to New York, was also lost with the other cars aboard "Andrea Doria". A "Rolls-Royce" luxury car was also on Andrea Doria.

A series of lawsuits were filed by both ship lines in response to the disaster. The reasons argued included:

"Andrea Doria" landed on the ocean bottom sideways, with her left side facing up, in good condition. At first, the top of the shipwreck was in water about deep. It was a popular destination for divers. However, the "Andrea Doria" has become a difficult ship to explore. The wreck is at .

More recently, the top part of the ship has collapsed. Inside the ship, many supports have broken. The ship is slowly getting shorter as its weight presses downwards. The top of the wreck is now below the water. Fifteen people have died exploring the "Andrea Doria".

The front of "Stockholm" was eventually fixed. About $1 million was spent. Now, "Stockholm" is named "Athena", and still sails.

Several books have been published about "Andrea Doria". This is a list of some of them:

A memorial wreath was put at the place where "Andrea Doria" sank in July 2002.

Hakka people

Hakka people (Hakka language: "Hak-kâ"; Mandarin Chinese: "Kèjiā") are a subgroup of the Han Chinese people. They live mainly in the provinces of Guangdong, Jiangxi and Fujian in China and speak the Hakka language. The Hakkas have had an important influence on Chinese and overseas Chinese history: in particular, they have been a source of revolutionary, political and military leaders. Some of them were Deng Xiaoping, Lee Kuan Yew and Thaksin Shinawatra.
Hakka people is a group of people that always move from place to place.



Deng Xiaoping

Dèng Xiǎopíng (in English also written Teng Hsiao-p'ing; 22 August 1904 – 19 February 1997) was an important Chinese revolutionary, politician and reformer. He was the leader of the Communist Party of China. Deng never held office as the head of state or the head of government, but was the "de facto" leader of the People's Republic of China from 1978 to the early 1990s. Deng has often been described as practical due to his open market policies after the death of Mao, whilst not deviating much from the original socialist elements of the People's Republic of China.

Deng was born in Guang'an, Sichuan. He died of an infection and Parkinson's disease in Beijing, aged 92.

Deng's father, Deng Wenming, was a middle-level landowner. He had studied at the University of Law and Political Science in Chengdu. His mother, named Dan, died early in Deng's life. Deng had three brothers and three sisters.

Deng's first wife was one of his schoolmates from Moscow. She died at the age of 24 a few days after giving birth to Deng's first child, which was a baby girl. This daughter also died. His second wife was Jin Weiying. Jin left him after Deng was attacked in politics 1933. His third wife Zhuo Lin was the daughter of an industrialist in Yunnan Province. She became a member of the Communist Party in 1938. She and Deng married in 1939 in front of Mao's cave home in Yan'an. They had five children: three daughters (Deng Lin, Deng Nan and Deng Rong) and two sons (Deng Pufang and Deng Zhifang).

In the summer of 1919, Deng Xiaoping graduated from the Chongqing School. He and 80 schoolmates travelled by ship to France. They were part of a work-study program. About 4,000 Chinese did this program by 1927. Deng was the youngest of all the Chinese students in the group. He was 15 years old. Deng's father strongly supported his son's doing the work-study abroad program. Deng told his father he wanted "to learn knowledge and truth from the West in order to save China." Deng knew that China was suffering. He thought Chinese people must have a modern education to save their country.

In France Deng met many future Chinese leaders: Zhou Enlai, Nie Rongzhen, Cai Hesen, Zhao Shiyan and Li Wenhai. These older Chinese students helped Deng study Marxism. In 1921 he joined the Chinese Communist Youth League in Europe. In 1924, he joined the Chinese Communist Party. He became one of the leaders of the Youth League in Europe. In 1926 Deng travelled to the Soviet Union and studied at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University. One of his classmates was Chiang Ching-kuo, the son of Chiang Kai-shek.

In March 1927, Deng arrived in Xi'an, northwest China from Moscow. He joined the army of Feng Yuxiang. Feng had asked the Soviet Union for help. But at that time, the Soviet Union supported the Communists' alliance with the Nationalists of the Kuomintang. In 1929 Deng led the Baise Uprising in Guangxi province against the Kuomintang government. The uprising failed, and Deng went to the Central Soviet Area in Jiangxi province.

Deng went on the Long March with Mao. During the Japanese Occupation of China, he joined the Eighth Route Army commanded by Liu Bocheng. After World War II he was part of peace talks between the Communists and the Kuomintang. These talks failed. On 1 October 1949, Deng was at the proclamation of the People's Republic of China in Beijing. Deng became mayor of Chongqing and stayed there until 1952. From 1952 until the early 1960s Deng had many powerful positions in government in Beijing. But, he became the target of two political purges: the Cultural Revolution and the Criticize Deng campaign in 1976 led by Gang of Four. Deng said that the Cultural Revolution had been bad for China in 1977 and started the "Beijing Spring." 
Deng Xiaoping became the leader of China in 1979 and replaced Hua Guofeng. He reformed the Chinese economy by opening up its trade and reformed its economy in the 1980s. He created Special Economic Zones in Shenzhen and Hainan. This led to a big increase in human development in China and exports. China negotiated with United Kingdom and Portugal to transfer Hong Kong and Macau to China in 1997 and 1999 respectively. The reforms led toTiananmen Square protests in 1989. This led Deng to resign and Jiang Zemin replaced him although Deng makes most of the decision. 

Deng Xiaoping died in February 19 1997 due to lung infection and Parkinson's disease. 



Wenatchee, Washington

Wenatchee is a city in Washington State, the United States of America. The city has a population of about 30,000 people. It is served by Pangborn Memorial Airport.


Reform

Reform means a useful change, or sometimes reversion to a pure original state.

“Reform” means changes. The UK government frequently uses the term "reform" to describe changes to public services, such as the National Health Service. But these changes are not accepted by all people as useful.

A note about grammar: when used to describe something which is "physically" formed again, such as re-casting it in a mold/mould, or a band that gets back together, the proper term is re-form (with a hyphen), not "reform".

Battle of Granada

The Battle of Granada was a siege of the city of Granada. It was fought for several months and ended in the surrender of Granada on January 2, 1492. The forces of King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella I of Castile fought against the armies of the Muslim Emirate of Granada.

This relatively small campaign was of enormous consequences because Granada was the last outpost of Al-Andalus in Spain and its fall meant the end of 780 years of Muslim control in the Iberian Peninsula. It also was the last act in the Reconquista, the campaign by the medieval Christian states of Spain to drive out the Moorish invaders. After heavy days of fighting, the royal imperial forces of Queen Isabella of Castile marched into the city of Granada and captured it from its last Muslim ruler, Mahoma XII ("Muhammad XII"). After the capture of the city, Muhammad was invited to the royal tent of the queen and her imperial forces where a formal surrender was issued. After his surrender, Muhammad was ordered by Queen Isabella to leave the Iberian Peninsula and go to North Africa where he was expelled along with the rest of the Muslim of Andalusia. After the capture of Granada, the royal forces hoisted the Castilian flag atop the Alhambra fortified complex palace. The royal tent was then closed and the royal army moved out from Granada and back to the capital of Madrid.

Granada still celebrates the 2nd of January.


Emirate of Granada

The Emirate of Granada was an Islamic kingdom established in 1238. As the Reconquista was very successful after the conquest of Cordoba in 1236, the emirate officially became a tributary state in 1238 and was called the Kingdom of Granada. The Nasrid emirs and kings were responsible for building most of the palaces in the Alhambra. The "taifa" became a vassal state of the Christian kingdom of Castile for the next 250 years. The Nasrid sultans and kings paid tribute to the Christian kings and cooperated with them in the battle against rebellious Muslim kings under Castilian rule.

On January 2, 1492, the last Muslim leader, Muhammad XII, surrendered complete control of Granada, to Ferdinand and Isabella, after the city was besieged in the Battle of Granada.


Sylvester Stallone

Sylvester Stallone (born July 6, 1946), is an American actor, director, movie producer, body-builder, and screenwriter. Stallone has been in many action movies. He has played two famous movie characters: Rocky Balboa, the boxer who overcame challenges to fight for love and glory, and John Rambo, a brave soldier who did violent missions.

Stallone is the only actor in the history of U.S. cinema to have been in a successful box office movie for six decades in a row.

Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone was born on July 6, 1946 in New York City, and he is the son of Frank Stallone Sr. (1919 – 2011), a hairdresser, and Jackie Stallone (1921 – 2020), an astrologer, former dancer, and supporter of wrestling for women. During his birth, doctors used , an instrument that looks like a pair of pincers or tongs, that damaged a nerve and caused paralysis in parts of Stallone's face. The paralysis caused his well known speech and drooping lower lip.

Stallone's grandfather, Silvestro Staglione, was an immigrant from Gioia del Colle, in the province of Bari (Apulia, Italy). Stallone's mother was born in Washington, D.C., and she was the daughter of a Parisian socialite. When Stallone was between the ages of two and five he boarded in Queens, and he only saw his parents on the weekends. In 1951 he went back to live with his parents in Maryland where they owned beauty salons. In 1960s he attended Abraham Lincoln High School (living in the Tacony section of Philadelphia which inspired the Rocky stories) after being rejected for the Catholic High School Father Judge and after that he went to beauty school.

In the 1960s, Stallone stopped going to beauty school after he won a scholarship for the American College of Switzerland in Leysin. There, he studied drama and was well received in school productions. When he went back to America he went to the Theater Arts Department at University of Miami Florida for three years. He came within a few credit hours of graduation before he decided to drop out and try a career at writing screenplays under the pen names Q. Moonblood and J.J. Deadlock. At the same time he started acting in small parts in movies.

Later, Stallone asked that his acting and life experiences be accepted in exchange for his remaining credits, and the President of the University of Miami gave him a Bachelors of Fine Arts (BFA) degree in 1999.

Stallone had his first role in the softcore pornography movie "Party at Kitty and Stud's" (1970), which was later re-released as "Italian Stallion". He was paid US$200 for two days work. An "uncut" version of the movie was released in 2007, and it claimed to show actual hardcore footage of Stallone. However, trade journal "AVN", said that Stallone was not in the hardcore scenes. In 2008, a DVD was released of "White Fire" (1976), a dubbed, German edit of 'Party at Kitty and Stud's', which was alleged to include hardcore footage of Stallone.

Stallone also starred in the play called "Score" which had 23 performances at the Martinique Theatre from October 28 - November 15, 1971. It was later made into a movie by Radley Metzger.

Stallone's other first few movie roles were small, and he did brief appearances that he did not get credit for in Woody Allen's "Bananas" (1971) as a subway thug, in the thriller "Klute" (1971) as an extra dancing in a club, and with Jack Lemmon in"The Prisoner of Second Avenue" (1975), as a young person. In the Lemmon movie, Jack Lemmon chases, tackles and Stallone, thinking that Stallone's character is a thief. He also starred in the hit "The Lords of Flatbush" (1974). In 1975, he played supporting roles in "Farewell, My Lovely", "Capone" and, another hit, "Death Race 2000". He also made guest appearances on the TV series "Police Story" and "Kojak".

Stallone was not very well known by a lot of people until his role in "Rocky" (1976). On March 24, 1975, he saw the Muhammed Ali–Chuck Wepner fight which gave him the idea for "Rocky". That night Stallone went home, and in three days he had written the script for "Rocky". After that, he tried to sell the script with the intent of playing the lead role. Robert Chartoff and Irwin Winkler both liked the script (which Stallone submitted to them after a casting), and planned on having a star like Burt Reynolds or James Caan to play the lead character. "Rocky" was nominated for ten Academy Awards, this included Best Actor and Best Original Screenplay nominations for Stallone.

The second movie "Rocky II" which Stallone had also written and directed was released in 1979 and also became a huge success. The money it made was over US$200 million.

Apart from the "Rocky" movies, Stallone did many other movies in the late 1970s and early 1980s which were critically acclaimed but were not successful at the box office. He received critical praise for movies such as "F.I.S.T." (1978), a social, narrative styled drama where he plays a warehouse worker who becomes involved in the labor union leadership. In "Paradise Alley" (1978), he plays one of three brothers who is a con artist and who helps his other brother who is involved in wrestling.

In the early 1980s, he starred in a movie with the British veteran Michael Caine in "Escape to Victory" (1981), a sports drama where he plays a prisoner of war involved in a Nazi propaganda fußball (soccer) tournament. Stallone then created the action thriller movie "Nighthawks" (1981), in which he plays a New York city cop who plays a cat and mouse game with a foreign terrorist.
Stallone had another major success when he played as a Vietnam veteran named John Rambo in the action adventure movie "First Blood" (1982). The first chapter of Rambo was both a critical and box office success. The critics praised Stallone's performance, saying he made Rambo seem human despite the way he is described in the book of the same name, "First Blood" and in the other movies. Two other Rambo movies "" (1985) and "Rambo III" (1988) followed (and another, Rambo, in 2008). Although box office hits, the movies were given much less critical praise than the original. He also continued his box office success with the "Rocky" franchise and wrote, directed and starred in two more movies to the series: "Rocky III" (1982) and "Rocky IV" (1985). 

Stallone also unsuccessfully attempted roles in different genres. He wrote and starred in the comedy movie "Rhinestone" (1984) where he played a wannabe country music singer and the drama movie "Over the Top" (1987) where he played a truck driver who enters an arm wrestling competition to impress his estranged son. For the Rhinestone soundtrack, he performed a song. These movies did not do well at the box office and were not well received by critics. It was around 1985 that Stallone was signed to a remake of the 1939 James Cagney classic Angels With Dirty Faces. The movie would form part of his multi-picture deal with Cannon Pictures and he was to co-star with Christopher Reeve. It was going to be directed by Menahem Golan. The re-making of such a very much liked classic was given disapproval by Variety Magazine and horror by top critic Roger Ebert. So, Cannon decided to make Cobra instead. "Cobra" (1986) and "Tango and Cash" (1989) did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business making over $100 million in foreign markets and over $160 million worldwide. The Rocky and Rambo franchises at the end of the decade were billion dollar franchises internationally.

With the recent success of "Lock Up" and "Tango & Cash", at the start of the 1990s Stallone starred in the fifth installment of the Rocky series "Rocky V" which was considered a box office disappointment and was also disliked by fans because it seemed like an unnecessary movie to the series. It was supposed to have been the last installment in the franchise at the time.

After starring in poorly received "Oscar" (1991) and "Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot" (1992) during the early 90s, he made a big comeback in 1993 with the movie "Cliffhanger" which became an really successful movie making over US$255 million worldwide. Later that year he enjoyed another hit with the futuristic action movie "Demolition Man" which made over $158 million worldwide. His come back success continued with 1994's "The Specialist" (over $170 million worldwide). 

In 1995, he played the comic book based character Judge Dredd who was taken from the well known British comic book 2000 AD in the movie of the same name. The money he made from foregin countries saved the domestic box office disappointment of "Judge Dredd" with a worldwide tally of $113 million. He also appeared in the thriller "Assassins" (1995) with the other stars Julianne Moore and Antonio Banderas. In 1996, he starred in the disaster movie "Daylight" which made only $33 million in the U.S but was a major hit overseas making $126 million, totaling $159,212,469 worldwide.

That same year Stallone, along with an all-star cast of celebrities, appeared in the Trey Parker and Matt Stone short comedy movie "Your Studio and You" commissioned by the Seagram Company for a party celebrating their earning of Universal Studios and the MCA Corporation. Stallone speaks in his Rocky Balboa voice with subtitles translating what he was saying. At one point, Stallone starts yelling about how can they use his Balboa character, that he left it in the past; the narrator calms him with a wine cooler and calls him a "brainiac". In response, Stallone says, "Thank you very much." He then looks at the wine cooler and exclaims, "Fucking cheap studio!"

Following his amazing performance in "Rocky", critic Roger Ebert had once said Stallone could become the next Marlon Brando, although he never received the same critical praise achieved with "Rocky". Stallone did, however, go on to receive much approval for his role in the crime drama "Cop Land" (1997) in which he starred alongside Robert De Niro and Ray Liotta. The movie was only a small success at the box office. His performance led him to win the Stockholm International movie Festival Best Actor Award. In 1998 he did voice-over work for the computer-animated movie "Antz," which made over $90 million domestically.

Stallone starred in the thriller "Get Carter" — a remake of the 1971 British Michael Caine movie of the same name—but the movie was not very well received by both critics and audiences. Stallone's career declined a lot after the movies "Driven" (2001), "Avenging Angelo" (2002) and "D-Tox" (2002). 

In 2000, Stallone received a "Worst Actor of the Century" Razzie award, citing "95% of Everything He's Ever Done" rather than one movie. By 2000, Stallone had been awarded four Worst Actor Razzie awards for individual movies. These include a "Worst Screen Couple" Razzie, and a "Worst Actor of the Decade" Razzie for the 1980s. He had been nominated for the Worst Actor award for nine different years from 1984 to 1992.

In 2003, he played as a villain in the third movie of the Spy Kids trilogy "" which was a huge box office success (almost $200 million worldwide). Stallone also had a small appearance in the 2003 French movie "Taxi 3" as a passenger.

Following several poorly reviewed box office flops, Stallone started to regain fame for his role in the crime drama "Shade" (2003) which was a box office failure but was praised by critics. He was also supposed to star and direct a movie about the murder of rappers Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls, entitled "Notorious", but the movie was not made due to legal issues presented by the 2009 movie of the same name.

In 2005, he was the co-presenter alongside Sugar Ray Leonard of the NBC Reality television boxing series "The Contender". That same year he also made a guest appearance in two episodes of the television series "Las Vegas". In 2005, Stallone also inducted wrestling icon Hulk Hogan, who appeared in "Rocky III" as a wrestler named Thunderlips, into the WWE Hall of Fame; Stallone was also the person who offered Hogan the small part in Rocky "III".

After taking a break from making movies, Stallone made a comeback in 2006 with the sixth and final installment of his successful Rocky series; "Rocky Balboa", which was both a critical and commercial hit. After the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last movie "Rocky V", Stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth movie which would be a more appropriate ending to the series. The total domestic box office came to $70.3 million (and $155.3 million worldwide). The budget of the movie was only $24 million. His performance in "Rocky Balboa" has been praised by mostly positive reviews. 

When he was asked in February 2008 about which of the icons he would want to be remembered for, Stallone said "it's a tough one, but "Rocky" is my first baby, so "Rocky"."

Stallone worked on "The Expendables", starring, writing, and directing. 

He has said that he wants to adapt the Nelson DeMille novel, "The Lion's Game". He wants to direct a movie on Edgar Allan Poe's life, a script that he has been preparing for years. It has also been been confirmed that he will be making a fifth "Rambo" movie after the success of the fourth one in 2008.

Stallone's first work as a director came in 1978 with "Paradise Alley", which he wrote and starred in. He also directed "Staying Alive" (the sequel to "Saturday Night Fever"), along with "Rocky II", "Rocky III", "Rocky IV", "Rocky Balboa", and "Rambo". Stallone wrote all six "Rocky" films, He also wrote "Cobra", "Driven" and "Rambo." He has co-written several other movies, such as "F.I.S.T.", "Rhinestone", "Over the Top" and the first three Rambo movies. His last major success as a co-writer was with 1993's "Cliffhanger".

Stallone has always been considered a opponent to Arnold Schwarzenegger as an action hero actor. Hints to this have been made in both of their movies. In Schwarzenegger's "Last Action Hero", Stallone is seen as playing the Terminator in a video advertisement in the film's real life. In Stallone's "Demolition Man", there is a futuristic reference to the Arnold Schwarzenegger Presidential Library. Also in the movie "Twins", Arnold Schwarzenegger walks by a giant movie poster for "Rambo III". He glances at the size of Stallone's biceps on the poster, and then he feels his own and laughs at how much smaller Stallone's are. According to both Stallone and Schwarzenegger, despite their on camera "rivalry", they are both very close friends. While promoting the movies "Rocky Balboa" and "Rambo" on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", Stallone revealed that in the 1980s he and Schwarzenegger looked at each other as "Cain and Abel." Stallone then said that, in the 1990s, he and Arnold became the friends they are today. They became one time business partners in Planet Hollywood.

Stallone has been married three times. At age 28, on December 28, 1974, he married Sasha Czack. The couple had two sons, Sage Moonblood (May 5, 1976 - July 13, 2012) and Seargeoh (b. 1979). His younger son was diagnosed with autism at an early age. The couple divorced on February 14, 1985. The same year his divorce finalized, he married model/actress, Brigitte Nielsen, on December 15, 1985, in Beverly Hills, California. His second marriage lasted two years. In May 1997, Stallone married Jennifer Flavin; he has three daughters with her: Sophia Rose (b. 27 August 1996), Sistine Rose (b. 27 June 1998), and Scarlet Rose (b. 25 May 2002).

Although Stallone is a Republican, he has donated $44,000 to Democratic Party candidates over the years, including $30,000 to the Democratic National Committee, as well as to the campaigns of Bill Bradley and Joe Biden. However, he has also donated over $33,000 to Republicans over the years and publicly supported John McCain for president in 2008.

In 1994, Stallone endorsed the campaign of then-Congressman Rick Santorum, then running for the Pennsylvania Senate, with $1,000.

Stallone did not endorse any candidate in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries, yet spoke fondly of presumptive candidate Donald Trump, describing him as a "Dickensian character" and "larger-than-life."

In December 2016, Stallone was offered to become Chair of the National Endowment for the Arts by President Trump. Citing a desire to work on issues relating to veterans, he declined.

Although he holds conservative political positions on most issues, Stallone is a known advocate of gun-control, having been described as "the most anti-gun person working in Hollywood today."


Spike Milligan

Terence Alan Milligan (16 April 1918 – 27 February 2002) known as Spike Milligan, was an British-Irish comedian, writer, musician, poet, playwright and actor. He was famous for The Goon Show amongst other things. He died of kidney failure. On his grave, written in Irish is: "I told you I was ill".

Robin Cook

Robin Cook (28 February 1946 – 6 August 2005) was a politician in the British Labour Party. He was Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2001. He resigned from the cabinet in 2003 in protest after the Invasion of Iraq. 

Shortly after becoming Foreign Secretary, he left his wife, Margaret, to live with Gaynor Regan, his secretary. 

He died of heart disease whilst on a walking holiday in the Highlands.

Cook was an atheist.

Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu

The Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu ("Cultural Leonese Association of the Leonese Language El Fueyu") is a Leonese language who wants to promote the knowledge of Leonese language and the defense of the rights of Leonese language speakers.

Leonese language association El Fueyu born in Llión in 2005, an actually develops its activities mainly in the provinces of Llión, Zamora and Salamanca (Spain).

The "Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu" have signed many agreements with the most important leonese institutions for teaching Leonese language in official courses.
Between them, there are the City Councils of Llión, Mansilla de las Mulas, Coyanza, La Bañeza or Zamora, and the Provincial Government of León

With the agreement signed between the Provincial Government of León and the "Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu" born the Leonese Language Day on June 20th, 2006. After that year, the Leonese City Council organizes that Day with the support of the Leonese language associations.

Leonese language book Cuentos del Sil (Tales of the Sil) was published with the agreement between the Provincial Government of León and the Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu. In its edition collaborated the Asociación Berciana en Defensa de la Llingua Llïonesa El Toralín. In this book several authors from or with rellations with El Bierzu wrote stories in Leonese language.



Samuel Bailey

Samuel Bailey (5 July 1791 – 18 January 1870) was a British philosopher and writer. He was called the "Bentham of Hallamshire".

Samuel Bailey was born at Sheffield on 5 July 1791. He was the son of Joseph Bailey and Mary Eadon. His father was one of the first of those Sheffield merchants who went to the United States to establish trade connections. After a few years in his father's business, he retired with a fortune from all business concerns, with the exception of the Sheffield Banking Company, where he was chairman for many years. Although he was an avid liberal, he did not take part in political affairs very much. On only two occasions he ran for Sheffield as a "Radicals (UK)|philosophic radical", but he did not win.

He died on 18 January 1870, leaving over £80,000 to the town trustees of Sheffield so that it can be used for the public.

Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers

Samuel Liddell (or Liddel) "MacGregor" Mathers, born as Samuel Liddell (8 or 11 January 1854 – 5 or 20 November 1918), was one of the most influential figures in modern occultism.

Samuel Liddell was born on either 8 or 11 January 1854 in Hackney, London, England. His father, William M. Mathers, died while Samuel Liddell was still a boy. His mother, whose maiden name was Collins, died in 1885. He attended Bedford Grammar School, and worked in Bournemouth, Dorset, as a clerk, before moving to London following the death of his mother.

His wife was Moina Mathers, sister of French philosopher Henri Bergson.

Dickie Davies

Richard "Dickie" Davies (30 April 1928 – 19 February 2023) was a British television presenter who was famous for presenting "World Of Sport" on ITV from 1965 to 1985 as well as hosting many other sports programmes on the station.
Davies married Liz Hastings, a vision mixer at Southern Television, in 1962. They had twin sons.

Davies died on 19 February 2023, at the age of 94.

Davies is mentioned in the song "Dickie Davies Eyes" by Half Man Half Biscuit.

Autofellatio

Autofellatio is an act of masturbation where a man sucks or licks his own penis. Only men who have enough flexibility, penis size or both can perform autofellatio. Autofellatio is a niche in pornography. Scientists have seen some animals, such as the Cape ground squirrel, doing autofellatio as well as manual masturbation.

According to historians, autofellatio in Ancient Egypt had a religious meaning.

Văleni River

Văleni River can be any of the following rivers in Romania:

List of tallest buildings in the United States

This is a list of the tallest buildings in the United States. It is in order by height including antennas.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Indicates building is still under construction, but has been topped out.


Jim Thome

James Howard Thome (born on August 27, 1970) is a former professional baseball player. Thome played 22 seasons from 1991 to 2012. In the past, he played for the Cleveland Indians, the Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago White Sox, and the LA Dodgers.

Red River of the South

The Red River is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It begins in Texas, and flows through the states of Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana. It merges with the Mississippi River in Louisiana. The river's name comes from the red clay that is found along it. The Red is about long. 

The biggest dam on the Red River is Denison Dam, which was created in 1943. It forms Lake Texoma. This lake covers 89,000 acres (360 square kilometers). There are also some other dams on the river's tributaries. At its end at the Mississippi River, it has a flow of 7,000 cubic feet (200 cubic meters) of water every second. In early 2009, the river experienced a series of catastrophic floods.


Iguaçu Falls

Iguaçu Falls are a series of massive waterfalls that lie on the border of Argentina 80% and Brazil 20%. It is fed by the Iguaçu River, which flows into the Paraná River. 275 individual waterfalls side by side, some as tall as , make up the falls, though most are around . The falls divide the river into the upper and lower Iguaçu. It is one of the largest and most famous waterfalls in the world, receiving thousands of visitors each year.

Jackie French

Jacqueline Anne "Jackie" French (born 29 November 1953) is an award-winning Australian writer of children's books, and books on gardening. 

Jackie French was born in Sydney and grew up in Brisbane. She moved to the bush in her early twenties. She likes gardening and has been on the television series "Burke's Backyard". She has written more than one hundred books. These books include story books (fiction), and books about true things (non-fiction). Jackie lives at Araluen, New South Wales. 

She began writing when she was 30, to make money to pay for her car. At the time, she was living in a tin shed with a black snake named "Gladys", and a wombat named "Smudge". Jackie also appears regularly on radio and television.

"pictures drawn by Bruce Whatley"






"pictures drawn by Stephen Michael King"



"pictures drawn by Andrea F. Potter"















To the Moon and Back (Bryan Sullivan and Jackie French, illus. by Gus Gordon)

Diary of a Wombat (Bruce Whatley and Jackie French)

The Secret World of Wombats

They Came on Viking Ships

My Dad the Dragon

Tom Appleby, Convict Boy

Pete the Sheep (Jackie French and Bruce Whatley)

Hitler's Daughter

How to Guzzle Your Garden

Flesh and Blood

Valley of Gold

Ride the Wild Wind

In the Blood

Blood Will Tell

CafÈ on Callisto

Lady Dance

Stamp, Stomp, Whomp

Missing You, Love Sara

Too Many Pears!

Daughter of the Regiment

Somewhere Around the Corner

Walking the Boundaries

Rain Stones

The Roo that Won the Melbourne Cup


Yosemite Falls

Yosemite Falls is a waterfall in Yosemite National Park, in California. It is the tallest measured waterfall in the United States. It is about tall, with three drops of:

It is a popular visitor attraction in the park.

Yosemite Falls flows in the spring, but may stop flowing by summer and fall, depending on how much rain falls in the area. The Falls are located in an area of the park called Yosemite Valley, a huge valley that is famous for its beauty and its unusual box shape. The falls is the 7th tallest in the world. Though some books and websites list Colonial Creek Falls as being higher, this waterfall has not been accurately measured and it does not have a plunge like Yosemite Falls does. It is probably the second most famous waterfall in America, after Niagara Falls in New York.

Lena River

The Lena River is a river in Siberia, flowing into the Arctic Ocean. With a length of , it is the tenth longest river in the world. With a watershed size of , it has the nineth largest watershed. 

The Lena begins in the Baikal Mountains, a mountain range in central Siberia, at a point west of Lake Baikal. The Lena flows northeast. Some of its major tributaries are the "Kirenga", "Vitim", "Oylokma", "Aldan", and "Vilyuy" rivers. It empties into the Laptev Sea, a branch of the Arctic Ocean.

The name "Lena" comes from the word, "Elyu-Ene", meaning "The Large River". The word comes from the "Evenks", a people of Northern Asia. 

Teton Dam

Teton Dam was a dam on the Teton River in Idaho, in the USA. When it was built, it was long and tall, making it one of the largest dams in the United States. It is most known for collapsing during spring runoff on June 5, 1976 a few months after it was completed. The resulting flood destroyed 10,000 acres of land and five cities.

The dam was never rebuilt. Although the U.S. Government paid $100 million to build the dam, it had to pay $300 million more dollars to pay for flood damages.

Johnstown Flood

The Johnstown Flood, otherwise known as the Great Flood of 1889, was a major flood that happened in a city called Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in the eastern United States. It was on a river called the "Little Conemaugh River". It was caused by the collapse of a dam called the "South Fork Dam", upstream, after several days of heavy rain. The date it happened was May 31, 1889. 2,209 people were killed by the 20 million tons of water that flooded the town. The flood also resulted in $17 million in damages. 

Stitch!

The show ran from 2008 to 2011 in Japan for three seasons. Another two TV specials set after the end of the third season were released in 2012 and 2015. An English dub first debuted in Australia in 2009, but it featured an entirely different American voice cast from the original movies and TV series. This dub would not air in the United States until October 2011 on Disney's cable TV network Disney XD, a few months after the Japanese original ended. Even then, it ran for less than a week in the "Lilo & Stitch" franchise's home country and was swiftly taken off the air after only five episodes.



Opening Song

Ending Song



Blois

Blois is a city in France on the Loire river, the prefecture of the Loir-et-Cher department.

It is very famous for its Renaissance chateau which was for many years a royal residence.

These are the twin towns of Blois:


Predestination (Calvinism)

Predestination is a central belief in Calvinism. Calvinists believe that God picked those who he will save and bring with him to heaven before the world was created. They also believe that people who are not saved by God will go to hell. John Calvin thought people who were saved could never lose their salvation and the "elected" (those God saved) would know they were saved because of their actions.


Bruce Smeaton

Bruce Smeaton (born 5 March 1938) is a composer, well known for writing music for Australian movies and television. He has written music for movies, short films, television, documentaries and advertisements. 

He was born in Brighton, Victoria and currently lives in Binalong, New South Wales.

He has written music for movies including "Picnic at Hanging Rock", "Seven Little Australians", "The Cars That Ate Paris" and "The Devil's Playground."

His music has been published by Southern Cross Records and 1M1 Records labels. 





Boohbah

Boohbah is a British children's television programme. It was produced by Ragdoll Productions. It was made by Anne Wood. Alan Dapre and Robin Stevens wrote the scripts. Wood also made "Teletubbies".

The programme was made for preschool children between the ages of three and six years old. It is mainly intended to be an exercise show. It is also meant to be silly, and to get children thinking. The show is similar to "Teletubbies" in that both have a science fiction theme. The Boohbahs are five furry round creatures. They are meant to be atoms of energy.

There are 104 episodes in total. Each episode runs for 25 minutes. In the United Kingdom, the programme started on 14 April 1999 on ITV. It was divided into two series of 52 episodes each. The second series began on 16 March 2006.

In the United States, the programme started on 5 January 2004 on PBS. All 104 episodes were shown as one series in the U.S. The last episode was shown on 17 September 2006. Boohbah is also shown in the Netherlands on Nick Jr. "Boohbah" means "doll" in Hebrew, but it is not known if the show was named for this.

The series focuses on the Boohbahs: five plump, fuzzy, furry, round, gumdrop-shaped creatures, They are played by actors in full-body costumes. Their on sparkles and shimmers with tiny lights and that have big eyes. Their eyebrows are rows of lights. They do not speak; instead, they make noises such as squeaks, squeals, "poofs", and clicks. The Boohbahs can retract their heads into their furry necks. Each Boohbah is a different colour.

A list of the Boohbahs is available below.

The Storypeople are a group of characters who live in Storyworld. They are in short stories. They are:


They do not speak. (When Little Dog Fido appears, he gives an "arf!") Though they sometimes show frustration or confusion, the Storypeople rarely, if ever,look upset or sad. The Storyland segments are narrated by actor Chris Langham. In each episode the Storypeople magically receive an object sent to them by a child or group of children.

One of the common things in "Boohbah" is the Boohball. The Boohball, a glowing white ball, is where the Boohbahs live, and it appears out of nowhere in various parts of the show. It travels from country to country when it is called by children. Inside the Boohball is a set of pods on a round, spinning base, where the Boohbahs recharge energy. It looks like five fuzzy ladle-like charger pods with the handles linked; and, alternate, pods are the Boohbahs' beds or they look like five fig halves. The energy is created by the laughter of the children when playing with the Boohbahs, the Boohball, and the Storypeople.


Nuclear and radiation accidents

The list of the worst disasters at nuclear power plants and other nuclear facilities all over the world is presented below:

One of the worst nuclear accidents to date was the Chernobyl disaster which occurred in 1986 in Ukraine. That accident killed 30 people directly, as well as damaging approximately $7 billion of property. A study published in 2005 estimates that there will eventually be up to 4,000 additional cancer deaths related to the accident among those exposed to significant radiation levels. Radioactive fallout from the accident was concentrated in areas of Belarus, Ukraine and Russia. Approximately 350,000 people were forcibly resettled away from these areas soon after the accident.

Some of the most serious nuclear and radiation accidents by death toll in the world have involved nuclear submarine mishaps. To-date, all of these were units of the former Soviet Union.

Normal Accidents is a 1984 book by Yale sociologist Charles Perrow, which provides a detailed analysis of complex systems from a social sciences perspective. It was the first to characterize complex technological systems such as nuclear power plants according to their riskiness. Perrow says that multiple and unexpected failures are built into society's complex and tightly-coupled systems. Such accidents cannot be designed around.

The inspiration for Perrow's books was the 1979 Three Mile Island accident, where a nuclear accident resulted from an unanticipated interaction of multiple failures in a complex system. The event was an example of a normal accident because it was "unexpected, incomprehensible, uncontrollable and unavoidable".

Perrow's argument rests on three principles. Firstly, people make mistakes, even at nuclear plants. Secondly, big accidents almost always escalate from very small beginnings. Thirdly, many failures are those of organizations more than technology. Each of these principles is still relevant today.

Some of the most serious nuclear and radiation accidents by death toll in the world have involved nuclear submarine mishaps. To-date, all of these were units of the former Soviet Union. Reactor accidents that resulted in core damage and release of radioactivity from nuclear-powered submarines include:


Ryan Jones

Ryan Paul Jones (born 13 March 1981) is a Welsh international rugby player. He played for Wales from 2004 to 2014. He also played for Ospreys at the Liberty Stadium. Jones was born in Newport, Wales.

He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2021.

In July 2022, Jones announced he was diagnosed with a rare form of early-onset dementia.

Eastern grey kangaroo

The eastern grey kangaroo ("Macropus giganteus") is a marsupial that lives in south and east Australia, including Tasmania. It is also called the great grey kangaroo and the forester kangaroo. An eastern grey male weighs about 66 kg (145 lb) and is almost 2 m (7 ft) tall. Its scientific name, "Macropus giganteus" means gigantic (huge) large-foot, and the eastern grey is the second-biggest marsupial on earth. The red kangaroo is the largest.

Indigenous Australian names for the eastern grey include "iyirrbir" and "kucha". The eastern grey kangaroo was first seen by Europeans when Captain James Cook was fixing his ship near Cooktown, Queensland. He took a sample of this unknown aminal back to England to be examined. The eastern grey is also the kangaroo on the Australian Coat of Arms. Captain John Hunter, later Governor of New South Wales painted a watercolour in 1788, of the eastern grey which was published in his book, "Birds and Flowers of New South Wales, painted on the spot in 1788, 1789 and 1790". This painting can be seen online here.

The eastern grey has a soft grey, or sometimes brown fur. The fur on the chest and stomach is more pale, sometimes white. They have a small head and large ears. Their tails are about long. The male is much larger than the female. They have long eyelashes which protect their eyes from the sun. They live for around 15–20 years. Because they are marsupials, the female carries its young in special pouch. Babies are born about five weeks after mating. The tiny baby which is only about 15 millimetres long, and weighs less than one gram, crawls up into the pouch. Inside the pouch there are four nipples. The baby kangaroo, called a joey, will only use one of the nipples. It lives in the pouch for about eight months. It still drinks milk from its mother until about 18 months of age. The mother is able to have another joey in the pouch, which feeds from a different nipple. The mother provides a different mix of milk to each nipple. A joey can remain with its mother until it becomes an adult, at about four years old.

The eastern grey is the species most commonly seen in Australia. It lives near the big cities of the south and east coast. It likes open grassland with areas of bush for daytime shelter. Like all kangaroos, it is mainly a nocturnal animal, and it is crepuscular, which means it is active early in the morning, and early in the evening. They live in large groups of up to 100 kangaroos, called "mobs'.

The eastern grey is a herbivore, which means it grass and small shrubs. It mainly eats during early morning and evening. They do not need to drink water as they can get enough moisture from the plants that they eat.

The eastern grey kangaroo can travel very fast over land. They can jump up to in a single leap. The fastest recorded speed of any kangaroo was , set by a large female eastern grey kangaroo. Kangaroos use less energy if they travel faster. When they go slowly, they walk on all four legs, and use their tail as well.

It is often said that kangaroo numbers have increased since the Europen settlement of Australia. There are more areas of grassland and less forest, less dingos, and more man-made watering holes. The current population of the species is about two million. Because of this the eastern grey has been killed in some parts of Australia to stop them from eating all the grass and then dying from starvation.

Jim Magilton

Jim Magilton (born 6 May 1969 in Belfast) is a former association football manager. He used to play football and is the former manager of Ipswich Town F.C.

David Sheepshanks

David Sheepshanks is the former chairman of the English association football club Ipswich Town F.C.. He has since been replaced by Marcus Evans 

Morecambe

Morecambe is a town in the county Lancashire. It is in the North of England. It has a football team in league 2 of the football league. It is a seaside holiday area. It is famous for its food from the sea and Mr Blobby. It is in the City of Lancaster district. 

Hof (district)

Hof () is a rural district in Upper Franconia in north Bavaria, Germany. However the district does not include the city of Hof, which is an urban district itself.


Home on the Range

"Home on the Range" is a classic western folk song. It is sometimes called the "unofficial anthem" of the American West. The lyrics were first written by Dr. Brewster M. Higley of Smith County, Kansas. He wrote them in a poem called "My Western Home" in 1872. In 1947, it became the state song of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2010, members of the Western Writers of America chose it as one of the Top 100 western songs of all time.

In 1871, Higley moved from Indiana to Smith County, Kansas. He did this because of the Homestead Act. He lived in a small cabin near West Beaver Creek. He was inspired by his new environment that he decided to create a poem to praise the prairie. The lyrics to "Home on the Range" were first published as a poem in the "Smith County Pioneer" in 1872 under the title "My Western Home". That home is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Home on the Range Cabin.

The music was later added by Daniel E. Kelley (1808–1905), a carpenter and friend of Higley. The song was eventually used by ranchers, cowboys, and other western settlers. It spread across the United States in different forms. The song has gone by a few different names, the most common being "Home on the Range" and "Western Home". It was officially chosen as the state song of Kansas on June 30, 1947. It is often thought of as the unofficial anthem of the American West.

The most popular version of the song was the version recorded by Bing Crosby on September 27, 1933, with Lennie Hayton and his orchestra for Brunswick Records. It appeared in the various charts of that time.

"Home on the Range" became popular in the 1930s. In fact, former president Franklin Delano Roosevelt said "Home on the Range" was his favorite song.


Home on the Range (disambiguation)

"Home on the Range" may mean:


Regnitzlosau

Regnitzlosau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany, bordered with the Czech Republic. Regnitzlosau was established in 1234 by three members of the nobility: Cunradus de Lasan, Arnoldus de Lasan and Ciban de Lasan.


A.Z. Alkmaar

AZ (Alkmaar Zaanstreek) or AZ Alkmaar is an football club from Alkmaar and the Zaanstreek, the Netherlands.

It was a merger of two clubs: Alkmaar '54 and FC Zaanstreek. in 1967.

Football League play-offs

The Football League play-offs are a series of football (soccer) matches to decide who is promoted in the English football leagues.

Cone cell

Cone cells or simply cones are special photoreceptor cells in the retina. They react to light and work best in relatively bright light. 

Cone cells are less sensitive to light than rod cells. Rod cells are more sensitive, but cannot tell colors apart. Human eyes usually have three different types of cone cells. That allows the brain to tell colors apart. Their reaction to stimuli is faster than that of the rod cells. For this reason, they can perceive finer details, and more rapid changes in images. 

The three kinds of human cones have different photopsins. Each photopsin has a different response curve to light, and so responds to color in different ways. This gives trichromatic vision. Being color blind means a lack of one or two types of cone cells.

In a publication done in 1935, Osterberg thinks that there are about 6 million cone cells in a human eye.

Joni Mitchell

Roberta Joan Anderson (born November 7, 1943 in Fort Macleod, Alberta, Canada), better known as Joni Mitchell, is a Canadian songwriter, musician and artist. Her usual musical instrument is a guitar. Her songs include "Big Yellow Taxi", "Woodstock" (about the 1969 Woodstock Festival), "Free Man In Paris", "Help Me" and "Both Sides Now". Her name Mitchell comes from her first marriage (to Chuck Mitchell).

She first began singing folk music while she attended art school, to earn spending money. In time, her songs and style got her noticed, and she became a professional musician. She signed a recording contract, and her first album appeared in 1968. "Both Sides Now" also boosted the musical career of Judy Collins, another folksinger, whose cover version became a popular hit. She also performs in the contralto range.

Mitchell had romantic relationships with Stephen Stills and David Crosby, both of the band Crosby, Stills & Nash. She also did artwork for one of their album covers. She was scheduled to appear at the Woodstock Festival, as CSN was (joined by Neil Young), but she had to cancel. Her song "Woodstock" still became a hit for CSN, and summed up for many people the meaning of the festival.

During the 1970s, Mitchell changed from folk music to jazz, and she lost some of her fans. Many other people enjoyed her later music, though, including an album she made with Charles Mingus, a legendary jazz musician. The album was Mingus's last project before his death.

Not all of Mitchell's records have been hits, and she resisted compiling a "best-ofs" or "greatest hits" album for many years, feeling that if she did so, her career would be "over". She did finally release a pair of recordings, "Hits" (which contained her biggest hit records) and "Misses" (which included some of her favorite songs, that were not hits). She continues to perform, and to paint pictures. Her paintings are displayed in galleries around the world.

Before she became famous, Mitchell gave up a newborn daughter for adoption in Canada. During the 1990s, the two got back in contact, and now have a good relationship.

Though she first became famous during the 1960s, Mitchell does not that era. She reminds listeners of the negative parts of it, and encourages them to make the present better.

In March 2015, Mitchell was found unconscious in her Los Angeles home. She regained consciousness in an ambulance on her way to hospital, but was taken to intensive care for tests.She had a brain aneurysm. She was diagnosed with a throat tumor later the next day.


Ocean current

An ocean current is a continuous movement of ocean water from one place to another. Ocean currents are created by wind, water temperature, salt content, and the gravity of the moon. The current's direction and speed depend on the shoreline and the ocean floor. They can flow for thousands of miles and are found in all the major oceans of the world. One major example of an ocean current is the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean. 
Ocean currents can be found on the water surface and deeper down. 






Immortal game

The Immortal Game was a chess game played on 21 June 1851 by Adolf Anderssen and Lionel Kieseritzky. The number of pieces Anderssen gave up in order to win have made it one of the most well known chess games of all time. Anderssen gave up both rooks and a bishop, then his queen, checkmating his opponent with the remaining bishop and two knights.

Bruno Walter

Bruno Walter (pronounce: "Valter"), (born Berlin, 15 September 1876; died Beverly Hills, California, 17 February 1962) was a German-born conductor, pianist and composer. He was one of the greatest conductors of his time. He grew up in Germany, but later became an Austrian and, when the Nazis came to power, he moved to several other countries, finally settling in the United States where he became an American citizen. His name was originally Bruno Schlesinger but from 1896 he was usually known as Bruno Walter. Walter became his official surname in 1911 when he became an Austrian citizen.

Bruno was born into a Jewish family in Berlin. He had his early musical education at the Stern Conservatory when he was eight, and played the piano in public when he was nine. He went to concerts which were conducted by the great Hans von Bülow. Two years later, in 1891, he heard Wagner operas in Bayreuth. These experiences made him want to be a conductor.

Bruno started his conducting career at the Cologne Opera in 1894. Later that year he went to the Hamburg Opera to work as a chorus director. There he met and worked with Gustav Mahler, from whom he learned a lot. Mahler found him a job conducting at the opera house in Breslau. This is when he changed his name from Schlesinger (meaning: “someone from Silesia”) to “Walter”. He then went to Riga, returning to Berlin in 1900 where he conducted at the Staatsoper Unter den Linden where he worked with famous people such as Richard Strauss and Karl Muck.

In 1901 Mahler invited Walter to be his assistant at the Court Opera in Vienna. At his first performance he conducted Verdi's "Aida". He was becoming very famous all over Europe. He performed in Prague and in London where in 1910 he conducted "Tristan und Isolde" and Ethel Smyth's "The Wreckers" at Covent Garden. A few months after Mahler's death in 1911, Walter led the first performance of "Das Lied von der Erde" in Munich, as well as Mahler's Symphony No. 9 in Vienna the next year.

Walter became an Austrian citizen in 1911, but two years later he went to Germany to become the Royal Bavarian Music Director in Munich. The next year Walter conducted his first concert in Moscow. He continued to conduct during First World War, conducting operas by composers including Erich Korngold and Hans Pfitzner. Among his friends in Munich was Eugenio Pacelli who later became Pope Pius XII.

Walter left Munich in 1922 and went to New York the next year. He conducted the New York Symphony Orchestra in Carnegie Hall. He later conducted in Detroit, Minnesota and Boston.

When he returned to Europe, Walter was invited to play in many places, including Berlin Leipzig, Milan (La Scala) and London, where he was chief conductor of the German seasons at Covent Garden from 1924 to 1931.

In the late 1920s, the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler often complained that conductors at the Berlin opera were Jews. He often talked about Walter, adding that his real name was “Schlesinger”. When the Nazis came to power in 1933 Walter left Austria. He often conducted the Concertgebouw Orchestra and was invited to conduct concerts in New York with the New York Philharmonic. When the Nazi’s took power in Austria (the Anschluss) Walter was conducting in Paris. France offered Walter French citizenship. His daughter was in Vienna. She was arrested by the Nazis, but Walter managed to persuade them to free her.

On 1 November 1939, he sailed to the United States where he lived for the rest of his life. His home was in Beverly Hills, California. Many people who lived there had fled from Europe because of the Nazis. They became his friends. They included the German writer Thomas Mann. He worked with many famous American orchestras, including the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the NBC Symphony Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic and the Philadelphia Orchestra. After the war he often came back to Europe. He performed at the Edinburgh Festival and in Salzburg, Vienna and Munich. In his later life he made many stereo recordings with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra. He made his last live concert appearance on 4 December 1960 with the Los Angeles Philharmonic and pianist Van Cliburn. His last recording was a series of Mozart overtures with the Columbia Symphony Orchestra at the end of March in 1961. 

Bruno Walter died of a heart attack in his Beverly Hills home in 1962. He was buried in the cemetery of Gentilino near the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. His wife Elsa, née Korneck (1871–1945), who was a sopranist, and their daughter Marguerite "Gretel" (1906–1939) had already been buried in the same tomb. Later, their daughter Lotte (1903–1970) was buried there as well. 

Between 1923 and 1961 Walter made hundreds of recordings. The earlier recordings, made at a time when his conducting was at its best, are often rather poor recordings. When he made his last recordings, after stereo records had been invented, he was already quite ill. In his early years he gave some of the first performances of Mahler’s music. He conducted the first performance of "Das Lied von der Erde" with the Vienna Philharmonic. In 1936 he made the first recording of the same work with the same orchestra which still had the same leader: Arnold Rosé who was Mahler’s brother-in-law. This recording was made just before the Nazi Anschluss which forced Walter and Rosé into exile. Many years later, in 1952, Walter and the Vienna Philharmonic once again made a famous recording of "Das Lied von der Erde" with the singers Kathleen Ferrier and Julius Patzak. He also recorded Mahler’s Ninth Symphony. Since Walter had worked closely with Mahler, and Mahler had never conducted either of these two great works of his, we can imagine that Walter’s recordings show us how Mahler might have wanted the music to be played.
Walter made many recordings of other great Germanic composers, such as Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, Schubert, Johannes Brahms, Johann Strauss II., and Anton Bruckner.

Walter was known as a kind, modest man, quite unlike some other conductors of the time who behaved like dictators. He was an excellent pianist and sometimes accompanied singers such as Kathleen Ferrier at recitals. He also composed several works. He wrote an autobiography called “Theme and Variations”.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie; 1980, vol 20, pp187–188; .


Mount Redoubt

Mount Redoubt, also called Redoubt Volcano, is a volcano in the U.S. state of Alaska. It rises above sea level and above the valleys around it. It is about from the city of Anchorage.

On March 22, 2009, Mount Redoubt erupted, sending ash high in the air and covering the mountains around with ash. No people live near Mount Redoubt, but the ash spread into towns and cities and the airport of Anchorage was closed shortly. Other years when it erupted include 1902, 1922, 1966, and 1989.

Allan Hunter (footballer)

Allan Hunter (born 30 June 1946 in Northern Ireland) is a former Northern Irish football player.

He was a defender. He also spent most of his career at Ipswich Town. He made over 350 appearances in eleven years.

Ipswich Town

Individual

Ray Crawford (footballer)

Raymond Crawford (born 13 July 1936 in Portsmouth) is a former English association footballer.

Ipswich Town


Individual


Records


Ted Phillips

Edward John "Ted" Phillips (21 August 1933 – 9 January 2018) was an English retired footballer.

Phillips died on 9 January 2018 from dementia at the age of 84.

Ipswich Town

Individual


Mick Mills

Michael 'Mick' Denis Mills (born 4 January 1949) is an English footballer turned manager.

Ipswich Town

Southampton

Individual

Kieron Dyer

Kieron Dyer (born 29 December 1978) is an English football player. He plays for West Ham United.

Individual

Matteo Sereni

Matteo Sereni (born February 11 1975) is an Italian association footballer. He is a goalkeeper and he currently plays for Torino F.C. in Serie A.


River Orwell

The River Orwell is a river that flows through Suffolk in England.

Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)

Bank of America Plaza is a skyscraper in Atlanta, United States. It is tall and has 55 floors. It was built in 1992. It is one of the tallest buildings in the United States.



U.S. Bank Tower (Los Angeles)

U.S. Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Los Angeles, California, United States. It is 310 meters (1018 feet) tall and has 73 floors. It was built in 1989 and is one of the tallest buildings in the United States. It is one of the tallest building in the United States that is west of the Mississippi River. It is also the second tallest building in Los Angeles and California, after the Wilshire Grand Center.

At first it was named Library Tower, but in 1993 it became U.S. Bank Tower. 


JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)

JPMorgan Chase Tower is a skyscraper in Houston, United States. It is 305 meters (1002 feet) tall and has 75 floors. It was built in 1982 and is one of the tallest buildings in the United States.



Karl Muck

Karl Muck, (his first name is sometimes spelt Carl, his surname rhymes with “book”) (born Darmstadt, 22 October 1859; died Stuttgart, 4 March 1940) was a German conductor. He was one of the greatest conductors of his day, especially famous for his conducting of operas by Richard Wagner.

Karl Muck’s father was a Bavarian politician and amateur musician. After his school years he studied music at the Conservatory in Würzburg. He also studied classical philology at the University of Heidelberg. In 1877 he continued his music studies in Leipzig, learning the piano with Carl Reinecke. His first public performance was in 1880, the year in which he graduated with a doctorate, playing the piano in the Piano Concerto by Xaver Scharwenka at the Leipzig Gewandhaus.

Soon he spent all his time conducting operas. He conducted in Zürich, Salzburg, Brno and Graz, and got a conductor’s job in Prague and later in Berlin. He conducted the operas of Wagner’s Ring Cycle with great success as well as many performances of "Parsifal". In 1912 he became the conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, and from 1922 until he retired in 1933 he conducted the Hamburg Philharmonic Orchestra.

Muck was one of the first conductors to be internationally famous for travelling about conducting orchestras in many parts of the world. He was a strict conductor who thought it was very important that the players should do exactly what the composer asks for in the score.

He was imprisoned in the United States during World War I, because of his support for Germany and because he refused to conduct the "Star Spangled Banner". After the war he was sent away and not allowed to return to America. After his death a square in Hamburg was named after him, although in 1997 it was renamed “Johannes Brahms Square” because Muck had praised Adolf Hitler.

Town square

A town square is a large open area in the center of a town. Town squares were traditionally places where people came together to meet, or to sell and buy things, or to be entertained. They often had markets, lynchings, or they were used for concerts. They are often surrounded by shops or cafés.

Other names for town square are civic center, city square, urban square, market square, public square, Platz (from German), plaza (from Spanish), piazza (from Italian), and place (from French). 

Many town squares in the 20th century became used as car parks. In recent years cars have been banned from some town squares so that people can enjoy the open space once more, free from traffic and pollution.

In other parts of towns there are often smaller open spaces which are called “squares”. They are often square in shape, but some are different shapes.

Some famous squares include: Red Square in Moscow, Beijing's Tiananmen Square in Beijing, Times Square in New York City and Trafalgar Square in London.

Torture in the United States

Torture in the United States includes cases of torture reported in the United States and outside the USA by U.S. government workers. 

The United States and other countries involved in the War on Terror have used torture to get information from suspected terrorists. Some of the most well known cases of torture involving the U.S. are the Abu Ghraib scandal and Guantanamo Bay. 
Starting in 2004 there were reports of abuse of prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. The New Yorker newspaper had an article in May 2004 about the abuse and the article had pictures that were taken by soldiers involved. According to an investigation by the Department of Defense called the Taguba Report, the military had been looking into the abuse since 2003. In the end nine soldiers were discharged from the military and sent to prison.

Human rights organisations like Amnesty International have said CIA agents used waterboarding and other inhumane ways to get information out of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay. Because of the abuse President Barack Obama ordered the base to be closed down.

Itumbiara

Itumbiara is a Brazilian city of the state of Goiás. It has 95.265 inhabitants and an area of 2.461 km². It was founded in 1909 and it is one of the most important cities in state of Goiás.

Below is a list of famous people born in Itumbiara.


Legal tender

Legal tender is fiat money, or currency (bank notes and coins). It has value because a government creates it and backs it, and people using it have faith in its value. Fiat money such as US dollars can be used as an exchange for goods and services.

The point is that other kinds of money have been used. Legal tender differs from commodity money and representative money. Commodity money is based on a "good", often a precious metal such as gold or silver, which is desired or has other uses. Representative money is a claim on the commodity rather than the actual good. In that case, the gold stays in a bank, and its ownership changes from time to time as the money is used. Why might a good be used at all? One reason is that governments cannot just make it. It is said that this stops inflation because, with fiat money, governments can just print more.

Some economists argue that an economy can only grow if it can produce more capital goods and not more money in the form of credit. This means that good economies must produce things rather than borrow money to buy things produced in other countries.

Alan Greenspan was an early critic of fiat money arguing that "Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth". He thought the value of money should be backed by gold. Richard Nixon ended gold backing for the United States dollar in 1971. Other countries also changed to Fiat currency.

Anal retentive

The words anal-retentive (or anally retentive, anal retentive), often shortened to "anal", are used in everyday language to describe a person with so much attention to detail that the obsession becomes annoying to other people. The idea was thought up by Sigmund Freud 

In the psychology ideas of Freud, the anal stage is said to follow the oral stage of development in babies and young kids. This is usually when they are learning toilet training. Freud made a theory which said that children who experience troubles during this time may develop "anal" personality traits, as well as a general interest in collecting and keeping things.

Although Freud's theories have been influential, research suggests patterns of parental attitudes has a major effect on how a baby will grow up.

San Joaquin River

The San Joaquin River is one of the two major rivers of California, in the United States. At long, it is the second longest river in California, after the Sacramento River. It begins on the west Sierra Nevada Mountains and flows west and north to its end at San Francisco Bay, at the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. 
Its basin, which is about 32,000 square miles (82,879 square kilometers) in size, contains mostly farmland. The river provides drinking water to over 22 million California citizens. Its three largest tributaries are the Merced, Tuolumne, and Stanislaus rivers.

The river was once one of the richest river ecosystems in California. However, now over of the river is dry except during floods, because lots of water has been taken away for irrigation. In fact, below Friant Dam, a dam built in the 1940s on the San Joaquin River, 95 percent of the river's flow is dry. Much of the river is polluted, destroying the historic population of chinook salmon, once the southernmost in the United States. Pesticides, selenium, and many more toxic materials are carried by the San Joaquin into San Francisco Bay.

Now, one of the largest projects in the American West has been begun to restore the San Joaquin River. On September 13, 2006, the Natural Resources Defense Council signed an agreement with Friant Dam users and the United States Department of the Interior. This agreement would restore the San Joaquin River below the dam, reducing pollution.

Three forks of the San Joaquin River join to form the San Joaquin River at two places, called "Balloon Dome" and "Junction Butte". 

The river continues west into the Central Valley of California, and is joined by many other rivers flowing off the Sierra Nevada mountains. The most largest of these are the Stanislaus River, Tuolumne River, and Merced River. The Tuolumne and Merced river both flow out of Yosemite National Park. 

As the river flows north and west, it is joined by the following tributaries:


The San Joaquin River and its tributaries pass through/feed the following lakes and reservoirs:


Several man-made channels are also part of the river system:

The San Joaquin River eventually meets the Sacramento River, forming the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. This is one of the biggest estuaries in the United States. It is near the city of Antioch. At this place, the San Joaquin River splits into two rivers: the "Old River" and the "Middle River". The Old River sometimes confuses fish to go down its channel. As a result, a wall is built between the San Joaquin River and the Old River.

Before humans began to develop the Central Valley in the 1850s, the San Joaquin River and its surrounding lands were one of the richest biological habitats in California. In winter, the river would flood the valley, leaving behind wetlands. These wetlands became rich habitat for birds and other animals. The habitat of the endangered "San Joaquin Kit Fox" and the "riparian brush rabbit" also was near the San Joaquin River. 

In 1942, a big dam, Friant Dam, was built on the San Joaquin River. This dam took away a lot of water from the river, to irrigate crops, provide drinking water, and provide electricity. The dam destroyed the salmon habitat in the river, and also destroyed the creation of these wetlands. 

The Friant Dam is:

The San Joaquin River has been used a lot for shipping of products via boats and ships, otherwise known as navigation. The river was first used for navigation during the California Gold Rush of 1849. Boats carried people over up the river to look for gold in the mountains. Now, there is a channel that runs all the way upriver to the city of Stockton. This channel allows big ships to sail in the river up to this point. Sediment, however, has clogged a lot of the river channel above this point, preventing big ships from going any farther.

Hudson Valley

The Hudson Valley is a valley of the Hudson River. It runs from about Westchester County to Albany.

The Hudson River valley runs in a north-south direction across eastern New York State. There are many rock types in the valley. This includes Triassic sandstones and redbeds in the south, and the Palisades Sill. Older Precambrian gneiss is in the north (and east). 

In the Hudson Highlands, the river enters a fjord. This fjord was cut during previous ice ages. To the west are the very long Appalachian highlands. Near Tappan Zee Bridge, the west side of the river has high cliffs. They are about 400–800 feet high.

Most of the Hudson Valley is part of the Appalachian Mountains. The northern part of the Hudson Valley is part of the Great Lakes area.

During the last ice age, the valley was filled by a large glacier. The glacier went down as far as Long Island. Near the end of the last ice age, the Great Lakes drained south down the Hudson River. The drained water is called Lake Iroquois. Lake Ontario is the remnant of that lake.

Sargassum

Sargassum is a genus of generally planktonic (free-floating) macroalgae (seaweed) in the order Fucales. The Atlantic Ocean's Sargasso Sea gets its name from the large amount of several species of "Sargassum" that grow there.

Central Valley

The Central Valley (also called the Great Central Valley) is a very large valley in the middle of California, in the United States. The valley covers about . It is about the size of the state of Tennessee. It is made up of two connected, differently named valleys, the "Sacramento Valley" and the "San Joaquin Valley".

The Sierra Nevada Mountains border the valley on the east side. The Coast Range borders it on the west side. The Sacramento River flows through the north part of the Central Valley. This part of the valley is also called the "Sacramento Valley". The San Joaquin River flows through the larger south part of the Central Valley. That part is also called the "San Joaquin Valley". Both rivers merge eventually and empty into the Pacific Ocean through San Francisco Bay. 

The capital of California, Sacramento, is in the north part of the Central Valley. The Central Valley is around long.

The Central Valley has 18 California counties. Fifteen of these counties are among the 25 most productive farmland counties in California. Overall, the Central Valley economy depends on farming. This has led to serious environmental damages, such as pesticides and selenium and other bad materials being washed into the rivers and polluting the San Francisco Bay.

The valley floor is a flat, smooth land area covering about . It is long and wide. It covers 19 California counties. These counties are:

-from north to south.

The Sierra Nevada mountains are on the east side of the valley. These mountains are very tall and steep. Many rivers and streams flow off the Sierra Nevada. The highest mountain in the Sierra Nevada is Mount Whitney (14,495') which is also the tallest mountain in California and the rest of the continental United States. On the west side, there is the California Coast Ranges, an extension of the Pacific Coast Ranges. Its highest point is approximately .

The Sacramento River begins in the Cascade Range, but most of it is in the Central Valley. The river flows south about to San Francisco Bay. Some of its tributaries are the Pit River, Feather River, and American River. All these rivers come off the Sierra Nevada.

The San Joaquin River begins at the south Sierra Nevada, and flows west and north into the Central Valley and to San Francisco Bay. Altogether, its length is sone . The San Joaquin is more polluted than the Sacramento, and about of it is actually dry.

Together, the Sacramento-San Joaquin river system is the water supply of 22-23 million people in California.

The climate of the Sacramento Valley (north Central Valley) and San Joaquin Valley are very different. The Sacramento Valley has a "Mediterranean climate". This means that it has warm, dry summers and cool, wet winters. The San Joaquin Valley is much hotter and drier. Most of it is "Mediterranean steppe", which is similar to Mediterranean except that it is warmer and drier. Some of it, however, can be close to desert climate. This section of the Central Valley is said to have the worst air quality in California.

The Central Valley is home to about 6.5 million people. The ten largest cities in or near the valley are, by population:

However, since most of the land area of the Central Valley is devoted to farming, the population density (amount of people divided by land area) is actually quite low. The population density of the Central Valley is 155 people per square mile (60 people per square kilometer). In contrast, the population density of Los Angeles, the biggest city in California, is 25,904 people per square mile.

Farming (agriculture) has always been the main economy of the Central Valley. Except for the city of Sacramento, where the focus is on the government, the rest is mostly agricultural. Immigrants provide a large amount of the work done in farms in the Central Valley. Overall, 12.3% of jobs in the Central Valley are directly agriculture related. Not including Sacramento County, the percentage is 16%.

The main road transport routes through the Central Valley are Interstate 5 and California State Route 99. These two highways run from north to south. Interstate 5 is the larger of the two, and carries more traffic. Highway 99 is older than Interstate 5. The Highway 99 separates from Route 5 at the south end of the Central Valley, and joins again at the north end of the valley.

The Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) and the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) go through the Central Valley as well. Some of their branch lines include:
Amtrak is one of the main rail service providers in the Central Valley, and is also popular in much of the rest of California.

The 715-mile (1,150 km) California Aqueduct, the longest aqueduct in California, runs through the Central Valley. Water from the northern Central Valley and the Sierra Nevada goes into this aqueduct. The Central Valley Project is another major water supply project in the Central Valley. This project includes:

Adjacent

Adjacent is an adjective meaning "next to".

In geometry, two sides that meet to create an angle are said to be adjacent.

In trigonometry the adjacent side of a right triangle is the side next to the angle in question.

Tributary state

A tributary state is a state that is subordinate to a more powerful neighbour. It was a form of subordination in pre-modern times.

The tributary sent a regular token of submission to the superior power. This was a tribute, a substantial gift of wealth, such as the gold, produce, or slaves. The tribute might best be seen as the payment of protection money. But there were other ways to show submission as well.

For modern forms of state subordination, see puppet state, satellite state and client state.

Alhambra

The Alhambra (from Arabic = Al-Ħamrā', literally "the red fort"; the complete name was = al-Qal'at al-Ħamrā' = "the red fortress") is a palace and fortress complex of the Moorish rulers of Granada in southern Spain (known as "Al-Andalus" when the fortress was constructed during the mid 14th century), occupying a hilly terrace on the southeastern border of the city of Granada.

In the Middle Ages the Alhambra was the residence of the Muslim rulers of Granada and their court, now it is one of Spain's major tourist attractions. There one can see the most famous Islamic Architecture of the country. Within the Alhambra, the Palace of Charles V was erected by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor in 1527.

The Muslim rulers lost Granada and Alhambra in 1492 without the fortress itself being attacked when King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile took the surrounding region with an overwhelming force of numbers.




Asociación de Profesores y Monitores de Llingua Llïonesa

The Asociación de Profesores y Monitores en Llingua Llïonesa or APMLL (Leonese Language Teachers and Monitor Association) is an association of teachers and monitors that teach Leonese language. 

They teach Leonese language in 16 schools in the city of León, (Spain), and in courses for adults in the provinces of León, Zamora and Salamanca (Spain). Also they develop some activities for promoting Leonese language between the population, as the Leonese language Day, in all the provinces of the Kingdom of León.



Separately managed account

A Separately Managed Account or SMA is a type of financial investment account. SMAs are offered by financial consultants and brokerage firms, and managed by independent "money managers." A money manager is a business that manages stock and other securities, or investments for an investor. SMAs have varying fee structures. Common characteristics of SMAs are that they provide open investment choices; have multiple managers; and, offer a customized investment portfolio created for a client's specific needs. 

They were first introduced in the US in the 1970s by the former investment firm EF Hutton They have grown in popularity and are offered in other countries. For some investors, Separately Managed Accounts are rivals to mutual funds and other types of investments. 

While there is no long-term research that compares SMAs’ performance to other investment categories, the available research does show them as a strong competitor.

Morningstar Inc., a fund research firm, released research that showed that SMAs beat mutual funds in 2008. They said that SMAs outperformed mutual funds in 25 of 36 stock and bond market categories that year. In addition, Morningstar said that from 2006 to 2008, SMAs surpassed mutual funds in 22 of 26 categories. "The Wall Street Journal" reported that Separately Managed Accounts may beat popular mutual funds because SMAs “…tend to have smaller amounts of assets than popular mutual funds, allowing them to trade more nimbly." Unlike mutual funds, SMAs permit the investor to tailor their basket of stocks and bonds which can limit the investment risk. "Registered Rep", an investment trade magazine, said that SMAs also can provide tax advantages that may not be available with mutual funds and other investments. 

The "Wall Street Journal" recognized top SMA performers including PTI Securities & Futures LP’s “Protected Index Program” and Robinson Value Management Ltd’s “Market Opportunity Composite Strategy.” 

"Pensions & Investments", a US investment trade magazine, reported on several of the highest performing SMAs for 2008.

Financial experts point out that past performance of any investment is not a predictor of future performance. So, investors should talk with a licensed financial adviser and carefully review all information available before making any investment decision. In addition, before making an investment, investors should check with the appropriate licensing and regulatory authorities to ensure that the firm offering SMAs is properly licensed and in good standing.

Dzhe

Dzhe (Џ, џ) is a letter of Vuk Karadžić's Cyrillic alphabet, used in Serbo-Croatian and Macedonian to present a Voice for need to tell (like the "J" in English "jump").


Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo

"Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" is a sentence that uses correct grammar. It is often used as an example of how homonyms and homophones can be used to create confusing, hard-to-understand sentences.

It has been talked about since 1967, when the sentence was used by Dmitri Borgmann in his book "Beyond Language". Later, in 1972, the sentence was used by William J. Rapaport. Rapaport is a professor at the University at Buffalo in Buffalo, New York.

The sentence does not have punctuation. It uses three different meanings of the word "buffalo". They are:

It can be broken down to "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo", where "a" is adjective, "n" is noun, and "v" is verb. It means, "Bison from Buffalo, which other bison from Buffalo confuse, confuse the bison from Buffalo."


Other words can be used to make sentences like this one. These include "police", "fish", and "people". For example, "Fish fish fish fish fish". Other times, similar words that are spelled differently can be used: "Foul fowl foul fowl foul foul foul fowl".

There is a city named Police in Poland. It is therefore possible to form a sentence "Police police Police police police police Police police", meaning "Cops from Police, whom other policemen from Police, Poland, are watching, watch yet other cops from Police, Poland".

The sentence is very confusing because:


Goat's milk cheese

Goat's milk cheese or simply Goat cheese is cheese made from milk that came from a goat. It has a different color, structure, and taste than that of regular cheese. It is usually white and breaks apart quickly. Because it breaks apart quickly it is usually stored in plastic containers with water.

Goat's milk cheese is more common in countries where it is difficult to keep cows.

Webcomic

A webcomic is a comic that can be viewed on the Internet. Most webcomics are made viewable either as a page or a strip at a time. Some do this on a regular schedule, often one strip each day, or one strip on each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Mekong River

The Mekong River is a river in the south-east of Asia. It flows through many countries: China, Burma, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, and finally Vietnam. The Mekong begins in the Lasagongma Spring which is in the plateaus of Tibet, disputed part of China, and flows about south-east to the South China Sea. Its watershed covers 307,000 square miles (797,000 square kilometers). Its name comes from the Thai language's "Mae Num", or literally, "Mother Water".

The Mekong is one of the most biologically diverse areas in the world, with hundreds of types of fish, as well as river dolphins, crocodiles, and otters. Fishing is a very important activity on the river. However, the Mekong River is also used extensively for navigation.

The river has dams:

Dams that are being built in China, are:

Dams that are being built in Laos, are:

Dams that are planned (as of 2017), include:




Taifa

A taifa (from "ṭā'ifa", plural طوائف "ṭawā'if") was an independent Muslim-ruled principality in the Iberian Peninsula. "Taifa"s developed during the history of Iberia. They were usually emirates or little kingdoms, but there was one oligarchy as well, Seville. A number were formed in the Al-Andalus (Moorish Iberia) after the end of the Umayyad Caliphate of Cordóba in 1031.

They developed because of an administrative division of the Umayyad Caliphate of Córdoba and an ethnic division of its elite. It was divided among Arabs (a powerful but tiny minority), Eastern European former slaves and Iberian Muslims (known as "Muladíes" (the great majority). 

There was a second period when "taifa"s developed: the middle of the 12th century, when the Almoravid dynasty was in decline. The "taifa"s rose once again in Spain and Portugal.

In the 11th century and again in the mid 12th century, the emirs (rulers) of the "taifa"s kept fighting among themselves, not only militarily but also for cultural prestige. They tried to recruit the most famous poets and artisans.

After the end of the Caliphate, the rival Muslim kingdoms were much weaker than the Christian ones and so they had to submit and to pay tribute. 

The "taifa" princes appealed for North African warriors to help them fighting Christian kings on two occasions. The Almoravids were invited after the fall of Toledo (1085), the Almohads after the fall of Lisbon (1147). The warriors did not help the "taifa" emirs but rather annexed their lands to their own North African empires.

Taifas often hired Christian mercenaries to fight neighbouring realms (both Christian and Muslim). The most dynamic "taifa", which conquered most of its neighbours before the Almoravid invasion, was Seville. Zaragoza was also very powerful and expansive, but was kept in check by the neighbour Christian states of the Pyrenees. Zaragoza, Toledo and Badajoz had previously been the border military districts of the Caliphate.




Additionally, but not usually considered "taifas", are:


Nasrid

The Nasrid dynasty or Banuu Nasri () was the last Arab and Muslim dynasty in Spain. The Nasrid dynasty came to power after the defeat of the Almohad dynasty in 1212 at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa. Twenty-three different emirs ruled Granada from the founding of the dynasty in 1232 by Muhammed I ibn Nasr until January 2, 1492, when Muhammad XII of Granada surrendered to the Christian Spanish kingdoms of Aragon and Castile. Today, the most visible evidence of the Nasrids is the Alhambra palace built under their rule.





Almoravid dynasty

The Almoravids were a Berber Muslim dynasty from the Mauritanian Sahara that ruled over a wide area of northwestern Africa and the Iberian Peninsula during the 11th century.

Under this dynasty the Western Islamic empire included present-day Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Gibraltar, Tlemcen (in Algeria) and a great part of what is now Senegal and Mali in the south, and Spain and Portugal to the north in Europe. At its greatest extent, the empire stretched 3,000 kilometres from Zaragoza in the north to Senegal in the south (an all-time latitude spanner until Spanish America). The Almoravids originated as a Sunni Islamic revivalist movement in present day northern Mauritania and gradually evolved into a military confederation. The Almoravids started to subjugate Senegal and then started expanding northwards. They first captured southern and central Morocco and then took Marrakesh and started to proclaim themselves as an Islamic caliphate. They gathered many soldiers from the Tuareg tribe of Berbers. They then completed the conquest of Morocco by conquering the northern tip of Morocco and reached Ceuta. After conquering Morocco, they established their power base in Morocco rather than their original home, Mauritania. This was due to the isolation of Mauritania and the urbaneness of Morocco perfect for ruling empires. They then began to rule from Morocco after completing the conquest of the country and continued to further expand. Due to calls of help from the Andalusian taifas in Iberia, they expanded into Iberia and conquered the territory of the Islamic taifas there. After their conquest, they implemented Sharia law in all of their conquered territories. They proclaimed a "jihad" against the Christian Iberian kingdoms and met them at the Battle of Sagrajas where they decisively crushed the Christian army turning the tide of the "Reconquista". The Almoravids veiled themselves below the eyes with a tagelmust, a custom they adapted from southern Sanhaja Berbers. (This can still be seen among the modern Tuareg people, but it was unusual further north.) Although practical for the desert dust, the Almoravids insisted on wearing the veil everywhere, as a badge of "foreignness" in urban settings, partly as a way of emphasizing their nomadic origins. It served as the uniform of the Almoravids. They wore the veil covering their entire face with the exception of their eyes due to their nomadic desert Saharan origins. The empire reached its territorial extent under the reigns of Yusuf ibn Tashfin and Ali ibn Yusuf.





Yugoslavia national football team

Yugoslavia national football team is the national football team of Yugoslavia.

Czechoslovakia national football team

The Czechoslovakia national football team was the national football team of Czechoslovakia.

Vuk Karadžić

Vuk Stefanović Karadžić (Serbian alphabet: Вук Стефановић Караџић; November 7, 1787 – February 7, 1864) was a Serbian language mistakes fixer and pioneer. He first made Serbian language as the Serbian that people talk today. Vuk had largely changed Serbian language of that time, he collected folk songs from Serbian villagers and he was the author of the first Serbian dictionary. Vuk Karadžić is the most notable person of Serbian literature of the 19th century.

Stephen Fry

Stephen John Fry (born 24 August 1957) is a British actor, broadcaster, comedian, director and writer. He presents the television programme QI.

Fry was born in Hampstead, London and grew up in Norfolk. His maternal grandparents were Hungarian Jews. He is a Jewish atheist and is openly gay. He has been diagnosed with cyclothymia, a mild form of bipolar disorder. From 1995 to 2010, Fry had a relationship with Daniel Cohen. In January 2015, Fry married his partner, Elliot Spencer.

In February 2018, Fry announced via a video that he had an operation to treat prostate cancer and have 11 lymph nodes removed and was recovering from the surgery. He described the cancer as aggressive and said that early intervention had saved his life.

Deposition

Deposition might refer to:



Soviet Union national football team

Soviet Union national football team was the national football team of Soviet Union. The team was left after the Soviet Union breakup in 1991. The team is now replaced by the Russia national football team.

East Germany national football team

East Germany national football team was the national football team of the German Democratic Republic (GDR or East Germany) from 1952 to 1990. The East Germany team is now the Germany team.

East Germany only qualified for one World Cup, and they only made it to round 2.


East Germany never qualified for a UEFA European Football Championship tournament.


Almohad

The Almohad Caliphate (From Arabic "al-Muwahhidun", i.e., "the monotheists" or "the Unitarians"), was a Sunni Muslim empire that was founded in the 12th century, and conquered all of northern Africa as far as Libya, together with Al-Andalus (Moorish Iberia).

Between 1130 and his death in 1163, Abd al-Mu'min al-Kumi, a Berber from the Masmuda tribe, defeated the ruling Almoravids and became ruler over all northern Africa as far as Libya. He became Emir of Marrakech in 1149 and conquered Al-Andalus, Moorish Iberia. In 1170 the Almohads transferred their capital to Seville. But by 1212 Muhammad III, "al-Nasir" (1199–1214) was defeated by an alliance of the four Christian princes of Castile, Aragón, Kingdom of Navarre and Portugal, at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in the Sierra Morena. The Almohads lost nearly all of the Moorish dominions in Iberia soon after. The great Moorish cities of Córdoba and Seville fell into Christian possession in the first half of the 13th century. The Almohads continued to rule in Africa for some time, but they lost a lot of their territory. The last representative of the line, Idris II, had only Marrakech left. There he was murdered by a slave in 1269.


Sufi writers.




Halloumi

Halloumi also known as Hellim is a white cheese made out of goat's milk. It is not a hard or a soft cheese, and can be fried to a crispy coating. Halloumi cheese originated in the island of Cyprus.

Du Fu

Du Fu (; 712-770 AD) was a Chinese realistic poet. He was also called Zi Mei. Du Fu is often regarded, along with Li Bai and Wang Wei, as one of the three greatest poets in China's literary history. He has been called Poet-Historian and the Poet-Sage by Chinese critics. Today we know about 1,400 of his poems. His poetry describes human suffering that he had witnessed throughout his life. It also reflected on the troubled times during the Tang Dynasty. In 755 he was forced to flee his home and was separated from his family for a year.


Base (mathematics)

In mathematics, a base or radix is the number of different digits or combination of digits and letters that a system of counting uses to represent numbers. For example, the most common base used today is the decimal system. Because "dec" means 10, it uses the 10 digits from 0 to 9. Most people think that we most often use base 10 because we have 10 fingers.

A base is usually a whole number bigger than 1, although are also mathematically possible. The base of a number may be written next to the number: for instance, formula_1 means 23 in base 8 (which is equal to 19 in base 10). 

Different bases are often used in computers. Binary (base 2) is used because at the most simple level, computers can only deal with 0s and 1s. Hexadecimal (base 16) is used because of how computers group binary digits together. Every four binary digits turn into one hexadecimal digit when changing between them. Because there are more than 10 digits in hexadecimal, the six digits after 9 are shown as A, B, C, D, E, and F.

The oldest systems of counting used base one. Making marks on a wall, using one mark for each item counted is an example of unary counting. Some old systems of measurement use the duodecimal radix (base twelve) since 12 is 2x6. This is shown in English, as there are words such as dozen (12) and gross (144 = 12×12), and lengths such as feet (12 inches). Angle measurement often uses a system adapted from the Babylonian numerals with base 60.

When typing a base, the small number indicating the base is usually in base ten. This is because if the radix were written in its own base, it would always be "10," so there would be no way of knowing what base it was supposed to be in.

Here are some examples of how some numbers are written in different bases, compared to decimals:

Portuguese man o' war

The Portuguese man o' war ("Physalia physalis") is a Cnidarian invertebrate. It lives in the sea. It is sometimes called the "blue bubble", or "man-of-war". Its common name comes from a Portuguese war ship of the 15th and 16th century. The ship had triangular sails, similar in shape to the bladder of the man o' war.

The Portuguese Man o' War has a reputation for swarming in groups of thousands. It is also known for its powerful sting.

"Physalia" is not a single animal: it is a siphonophore. This is a colony of four kinds of zooids. Zooids are very small, highly modified individuals. These zooids are specialized polyps and medusoids. Though structurally similar to other cnidarians, the zooids do not live by themselves: they are attached to each other. Each type of zooid does not have some structure and functions. It depends for survival on the others doing what it cannot do by itself.

A similar group of animals are the chondrophores. They are specialized hydroids, which also float at the surface of the open ocean.

The loggerhead turtle feeds on the Portuguese man o' war. It is a common part of the turtle's diet. The skin of the turtle is too thick for the man o' war's sting to enter and launch its venom. The sea slug "Glaucus atlanticus" and the violet snail "Janthina janthina" also feed on the Portuguese man o' war. The blanket octopus "Tremoctopus" is immune to the venom of the Portuguese man o' war. The blanket octopus has been known to rip off the man o' war's tentacles and use them for defensive purposes.

The Portuguese man o' war is often found with many different kinds of marine fish. Some of them are shepherd fish, clown fish, and yellow jack. These species are rarely found anywhere else. The clown fish can swim among the tentacles without being stung. This is possibly due to its mucus that does not trigger the nematocysts. The shepherd fish seems to avoid the larger, stinging tentacles. It feeds on the smaller tentacles under the gas bladder. These fish benefit from the shelter of the stinging tentacles. It also helps the man o' war: the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on.

Sleep apnea

Sleep apnea (or Sleep apnoea) is a problem certain people have: When they sleep, they may stop breathing for short periods. These periods can last for 10 seconds or more. 3-4 breaths are "missed". As a result of this, those affected are often tired during the day. Mainly because such people also tend to have microsleep, they should not drive vehicles. Sleep apnea is a treatable disease. 

Sleep apnea occurs when the muscles in the back of the throat relax too much to allow normal breathing. These muscles support structures including the back of the roof of the mouth (soft palate), the triangular piece of tissue hanging from the soft palate (uvula), the tonsils, and the tongue.

When the muscles relax, the airway narrows or closes when breathe in, hampering the breathing for 10 seconds or longer. This can lower the level of oxygen in the blood and cause a buildup of carbon dioxide.


People can ask their partner or family member if they are breathing strangely when they are sleeping.


Diseases which may complicate sleep apnea are: obesity, high blood pressure, hyperlipidaemia, arrhythmia, polyemia, ischemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, diabetes etc.

Sleep apnea is a risk factor of arteriosclerotic disease.

When there are no house mates, it may take time to discover this condition. When especially subjective symptoms are weak, the state will get worse gradually and it will start a serious problem.

Microsleep

Microsleep is a very short sleep that occurs when people are awake. It can last from under a second to about 30 seconds. It may happen because of sleep deprivation, fatigue, sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or hypersomnia. Microsleeps can occur at any time. Most of the time, they do so without warning. When people have a microsleep during conversation, they may lose track of the subject that was talked about. 

Microsleep can be extremely dangerous in situations when people drive a car, work on a machine or otherwise need to stay alert. People with microsleeps usually are not aware of them. They instead believe that they were awake all the time. One example is called "gap driving": a person is driving a car and suddenly realizes that several seconds have passed by unnoticed. The driver does not feel that she or he has been asleep during those missing seconds, although this is in fact what happened. The sleeping driver is at very high risk for having an accident during microsleep. 

Many accidents and catastrophes have resulted from microsleep episodes in these circumstances. For example, a microsleep episode is claimed to have been one factor contributing to the Waterfall train disaster in 2003; the driver had a heart attack and the guard who should have reacted to the train's increasing speed is said by his defender to have microslept. 

Ajaz Anwar

Ajaz Anwar is a Pakistani painter. He was born in 1946. He has a PhD. He is currently a professor at the National College of Fine Arts in Lahore. He paints in watercolour. Many of his paintings feature Lahore.

He received the president’s Pride of Performance award in 1997.

Lilo Pelekai

Lilo Pelekai (first name LEE-lo, last name Peh-leh-kai) is one of the two characters of the Disney animated movie "Lilo & Stitch", its sequels, and . Lilo (literally, ""lost"" in Hawaiian, and also in Mandarin). Lilo is a young Hawaiian girl who lives on the island of Kauai with her older sister Nani and her new family of alien visitors that live on Earth.

Thyreophora

Thyreophora are the armoured dinosaurs: the name means 'shield-bearer'. It is a suborder of ornithischian dinosaurs. 

They are divided into these groups:

Knobbed whelk

The knobbed whelk ("Busycon carica") is a gastropod mollusc which is protected by a thick, hard shell. It is large predatory sea snail, or whelk. 

This mollusc is found in shallow waters of the Atlantic Ocean off the east coast of North America from Massachusetts to northern Florida.

This whelk has a spiral shell with knobs (or spines) along its shoulder. The shell is up to 9.5 inches (24 cm) long. The shell is light gray to tan, and often has brown and white streaks.

On the shallow-water mud flats whelks prey on oysters, clams, and other marine bivalves. They wedge the bivalve open using the edge of their shell. Then they squeeze in their radula. This is a rough tongue-like organ that has thousands of tiny denticles (tooth-like protrusions).

Shasta County

Shasta County is a county in northern California, United States. It is in the Sacramento Valley part of the Central Valley of California. As of 2020, 182,155 people live there. The county seat, as well as the biggest city, is Redding. One major attraction in the county is Shasta Dam and Shasta Lake, one of the biggest dams in the state of California.


Tehama County, California

Tehama County is one of the counties of the U.S. state of California. It is just south of Shasta County, in the Sacramento Valley part of the Central Valley of California. The county is 2,962 square miles (7,672 square kilometers) in size. Its county seat is Red Bluff.


Glenn County, California

Glenn County is a county found in the Central Valley, in north California, which is a state in the United States.

As of 2020, the county had a population of 28,917. The county seat is the city of Willows.

Wells Fargo Plaza (Houston)

Wells Fargo Plaza is a skyscraper in Houston, United States. It is 302 meters (992 feet) tall. It has 71 floors. It was built in 1983. It is one of the tallest buildings in the United States.



Comcast Center

Comcast Center is a skyscraper in Philadelphia, United States. It is 297 meters (974 feet) tall and has 82 floors. It was built in 1999 and is one of the tallest buildings in the United States.



HCJB

HCJB (Heralding Christ Jesus' Blessings) is a Christian shortwave radio station in Quito, Ecuador. It has been broadcasting on shortwave for more than 75 years and now also has television, satellite and Internet programs.


Media studies

Media studies is an academic area of study about mass media and its history and effects. It mostly focuses on newspapers, radio, television, and internet. Media studies take some ideas from other areas of study, such as humanities and the social sciences.

Most production and journalism courses use media studies content, but academic institutions such as universities often start separate departments. Media studies students may see themselves as observers of media, not creators or practitioners. These distinctions are different depending on the country where students live.

The development of media studies was sparked by the growth of new media in the post-Second World War period. A typical source was Marshall McLuhan's "Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man". This book set out to connect changes in media with changes in society. His most famour phrase was ""The medium is the message"".


Yosemite National Park

Yosemite National Park is a national park in the state of California, U.S.A.. Created on 1 October 1890, it was the second national park, after Yellowstone. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Yosemite covers 1,189 square miles (3,081 square kilometers) on the Sierra Nevada.

Over 3.5 million people visit the park each year. Despite the park's great size, most people spend time in Yosemite Valley, one of the most beautiful places in the park. Almost 95 percent of the park is wilderness. Yosemite has many waterfalls. The most famous of these is the world-famous Yosemite Falls, which at tall, is one of the tallest waterfalls in the world.

In the northern area of the park lies the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir, a debated dam project. The reservoir floods. Many people supporting environmentalism are trying to get the dam removed.

The eighth major operating system of OS X by Apple Inc. is named after the Yosemite National Park, called OS X Yosemite.


Cliff

A cliff is a vertical or very steep natural wall of rock. 

Cliffs are common on coasts, in mountainous areas, escarpments and along rivers. Cliffs are usually formed by rock that is resistant to erosion and weathering. Sedimentary rocks most likely to form cliffs include sandstone, limestone, chalk, and dolomite. Igneous rocks such as granite and basalt also often form cliffs. An escarpment (or scarp) is a type of cliff, formed by the movement of a geologic fault, or a landslide. Cliffs are known for forming major geographical features such as waterfalls.

The tallest cliff in the solar system may be "Verona Rupes", an approximately 20 km (12 mile) high cliff on Miranda, a moon of the planet Uranus. 

The Ordnance Survey distinguishes between cliffs (continuous line along the top edge with projections down the face) and outcrops (continuous lines along lower edge).

Above Sea

Above Land

Above Sea

Above land


Other notable cliffs include:


Above Sea

Above Sea

Hurricane Bonnie (1998)

Hurricane Bonnie was a strong Atlantic tropical cyclone in late August 1998. The storm was a major hurricane with winds near .

Bonnie made landfall near Wilmington and Cape Fear, North Carolina as a strong Category 2 hurricane early on August 27. The storm also caused damage in southeastern Virginia.

The storm killed five people, two directly.

Damage from the storm was near $1 billion.

Tropical Storm Frances (1998)

Tropical Storm Frances caused extensive flooding in Mexico and Texas in September 1998. The sixth tropical cyclone and sixth named storm of the annual hurricane season, Frances developed from a low pressure area in the Gulf of Mexico on September 8.

Hurricane Georges

Hurricane Georges caused much damage and many deaths in on the norther Caribbean islands and the Gulf Coast of the United States. Even though it was very strong, caused a lot of damage and many deaths, it was not the strongest, costliest, or deadliest of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season, that would be Hurricane Mitch later on. Hurricane Georges crossed some islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and Cuba, before it made landfall in Mississippi. Georges killed 604 people and caused $5.9 billion in damage, much of it from high winds and severe flooding. 

Hurricane Mitch

Hurricane Mitch was the most powerful storm of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Mitch was one of the most powerful storm ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean. Mitch was the second deadliest Atlantic hurricane because it killed 11,000-18,000 in Central America and Mexico, it is second only to the Great Hurricane of 1780. Mitch also caused over $5 billion in damage. Because the damage and deaths were very high, the name "Mitch" was retired and will never be used for a hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean again. It was in 1998 and hit Florida, Central America, and the Yucatán Peninsula.

On October 10 a tropical wave moved off of Africa. It stayed as a tropical wave because the conditions in Atlantic wasn't good enough for it to become a tropical depression or tropical storm. The tropical wave became Tropical Depression Thirteen on October 22, because conditions became better. On October 23 Tropical Depression Thirteen strengthened and became Tropical Storm Mitch. Tropical Storm Mitch made a small loop after becoming a tropical storm and then turned north. 

Tropical Storm Mitch strengthened and became Hurricane Mitch on October 24. Hurricane Mitch then turned west. Mitch strengthened very fast and on October 26 Mitch reached its top winds. Its top winds were are 180 mph making it a category 5. Mitch stayed as a category 5 turned south. 

Mitch started weakening on October 27 and by October 29 Mitch was only a category 1. On October 29 Hurricane Mitch made landfall in Honduras, with the winds at 80 mph. Mitch quickly weakened into a tropical storm. Tropical Storm Mitch moved very slowly and almost froze over Honduras. Tropical Storm Mitch weakened into a tropical depression as it entered Guatemala. 

As Tropical Depression Mitch entered Mexico it became a remnant low and was not a tropical depression anymore. The remains entered the Bay of Campeche and became Tropical Storm Mitch again on November 3. Mitch moved northeast and made landfall in the Yucatán Peninsula. Mitch weakened into a tropical depression over the Yucatán Peninsula. Once Tropical Depression Mitch reached the Gulf of Mexico it became Tropical Storm Mitch. Tropical Storm Mitch continued northeast and made landfall in Naples, Florida on November 5 as a tropical storm with the winds at 65 mph. 

After Tropical Storm Mitch crossed Florida it became extratropical and was no longer a tropical storm. The remains were last seen on November 9 north of Great Britain. 

Many countries of the in Central American Region had record amounts of rainfall.

The worst affects from the hurricane were seen in Honduras, where Mitch caused 7,000 deaths and $3.8 billion in damage. In Honduras rainfall could have been up to 75 inches. Crops in Honduras were impacted very badly, Mitch destroyed, 58% of the corn output, 24% of sorghum, 14% of rice, and 6% of the bean crop. Mitch also destroyed 85% of banana, 60% of sugar cane, 29% of melons, 28% of African palms, and 18% of coffee. Just the crop damage from Hurricane Mitch in Honduras was at $900 million. 

Also in Nicaragua rainfall may have been up to 50 inches. The rains stopped a volcano in Nicaragua, instead the volcano caused a mudslide. The mudslide covered an area 10 miles long and 5 miles wide. Hurricane Mitch left between 500,000 and 800,000 people homeless. Damaged in Nicaragua totaled to $1 billion and at least 3,800 were killed in Nicaragua. 

In the U.S. only Florida was affected. In Florida, Mitch destroyed buildings in the Keys that were damaged by Hurricane Georges. Mitch killed 2 people and left $40 million in damage. 

Hurricane Mitch caused rain all the way down to Panama, where the hurricane killed 3 people. Offshore in the Caribbean Sea the hurricane sunk a boat causing 31 people to drown. In Costa Rica Hurricane Mitch caused about 4,000 people to become homeless. Hurricane Mitch caused mudslides that affected nearly 800 miles of road. Hurricane Mitch left $92 million in damage and killed 7 people. In El Salvador the flooding from Mitch destroyed 37% of the bean production, 19% of the corn production, and 20% losses in sugar canes. Hurricane Mitch also killed 10,000 cattle. In El Salvador the damage from Mitch was at $400 million and 240 people were killed. In Guatemala Hurricane Mitch caused 6,000 houses to be destroyed and damaged 20,000 others. Damage just the banana and coffee exports were at $325 million. Mitch caused a plane to crash leaving 11 people to get killed indirectly, Mitch also caused 268 people to get killed directly. Damages left from Mitch in Guatemala was at $748 million. In Belize Mitch caused some crop damage and damage many roads. Damage in Belize was not as bad as it could have been. Mitch killed 11 in Belize, but no one knows the damage it caused. 
Hurricane Mitch caused waves about 7 feet in Jamaica. Mitch killed about 3 people, but no one knows the damage. Also, a house in Spanish Town was destroyed. 

Because of the deaths and damage the name Mitch was removed and retired. Meaning, the name will not be used again to name a storm in the Atlantic Ocean. In 2004 the name Matthew was used instead. The name Matthew will be used again in 2010 because it was not retired.

Georgy Zhukov

Georgy Konstantinovich Zhukov (December 1, 1896 – June 18, 1974) was a Soviet general during World War II. He first became famous for stopping a Japanese invasion in Mongolia. During Operation Barbarossa, he arrived in Moscow with his army in just enough time to defend the city.

Later in the war he led Soviet forces to victory at the Battle of Stalingrad and Kursk, broke the Siege of Leningrad, destroyed the German center in the 1944 summer offensive called Operation Bagration, invaded Germany and led the Battle of Berlin.

He was 4 times Hero of the Soviet Union and had many more medals. After Stalin died he became Minister of Defense.


Miacis

Miacis is a small extinct carnivore of the family Miacidae. They were small mammals which lived in forests and climbed trees, and ate small prey. They had the ancestral mammalian number of 44 teeth. In later members the number of teeth began to be reduced. 

"Miacis" had brains that were relatively larger than those of the creodonts. The larger brain size compared to body size suggests their behaviour was becoming more flexible, and possibly more intelligent.

Miacids are either early members of the order Carnivora or in a larger group called the Carnivoramorpha. They may not be monophyletic. One professional opinion is that most "Miacis" species belong to the ancestors of the modern order, the crown-group Carnivora.

The miacids lived 50 to 60 million years ago and were small omnivorous predators. According to one source, it preyed on smaller animals, such as small mammals, reptiles, and birds, and might have also have eaten eggs and fruits.

Some experts think it is a paraphyletic taxon. In other words, they think the name "Miacis" covers a number of different species.

Butte County, California

Butte County is a county in the state of California. It is in the United States. The county borders Tehama County to the north and Glenn County to the west. It is in the north part of the Central Valley of California. Butte County was founded in 1850.

Its county seat is Oroville, and its biggest city is Chico. The county has a land area of 1,677 square miles (4,343 square kilometers), 38 square miles (98 square kilometers) of which is water. The Sacramento River flows along it in a north-south direction and the Feather River flows through it in an east-west direction. The Sierra Nevada mountains rise above the county on the east side.

California State Route 32, California State Route 70, and California State Route 99 run through the county. Airports in the county include Chico Municipal Airport, Oroville Municipal Airport, Paradise Airport, Ranchaero Airport and Richvale Airport.


California State Route 99

State Route 99 (commonly known as Old Highway 99 or just 99) is a state highway in California, in the United States. It is about long, running from north to south in the Central Valley. It is parallel with Interstate 5. It begins at Interstate 5 near Wheeler Ridge, and continues north through the major cities of Bakersfield, Fresno, Chowchilla, Modesto, Stockon, Sacramento, Chico, and Red Bluff. Most of it is freeway, but some of it is still the historic rural two-lane road or a four-lane highway.


Pierce Brosnan

Pierce Brendan Brosnan (born 16 May 1953) is an Irish-American actor. Brosnan holds both Irish and American citizenship. He was born in Drogheda, County Louth. He used to play the part of James Bond. He played the roles of Mr. Brunner and Chiron in "", Stu Dunmeyer in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and was in "Mamma Mia!". In 2022, Brosnan played Kent Nelson / Doctor Fate in the DC Extended Universe film "Black Adam".

Daniel Craig

Daniel Wroughton Craig (born 2 March 1968) is an English television and movie actor and movie producer. He was born in Chester, Cheshire, England. He is the latest actor to play James Bond. Craig also plays Detective Benoit Blanc in "Knives Out" (2019) and its sequel (2022).

Craig is married to actress Rachel Weisz. He has a daughter Ella by his first wife, Fiona Loudon. In 2006 he joined the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

On 12 June 2008, Craig sliced the top of one of his fingers off while filming "Quantum of Solace". 

In September 2015, Craig donated $47,000 to the presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders.

Bose–Einstein condensate

Bose–Einstein condensate (BEC) is what happens to a dilute gas when it is made very cold, near absolute zero (0 K which equals −273.15 °C or −459.67 °F). It forms when the particles that make it up have very low energy. Only bosons can make a Bose–Einstein condensate. The gas has an extremely low density, about one-hundred-thousandth the density of normal air.

A Bose–Einstein condensate is a change of state. When matter is in the BEC state it has zero viscosity. Superfluidity and superconductivity are both closely connected with the BEC state of matter.

Particles have energy. They can have a lot of energy and bounce wildly like in gases; have less energy and flow like a liquid; or have even less energy like a solid. If you take enough of the particle's energy away you get to the tiniest or the smallest amount of energy possible. This is a Bose–Einstein condensate. This makes all of the particles exactly the same and instead of bouncing around randomly in all different directions, they all bounce up and down in exactly the same way, forming something called a 'giant matter wave'.

The Bose-Einstein Condensate was first suggested by Satyendra Nath Bose and Albert Einstein in 1924–25. Seventy years later, its existence was proved. Eric Cornell and Carl Wieman made the first Bose–Einstein condensate in 1995 at the University of Colorado. Cornell, Wieman,and Wolfgang Ketterle at MIT were then given the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Usually, to get anything cold enough to make a Bose–Einstein condensate you must first trap the boson using magnets, then, by bouncing lasers off them, take all of their energy away (Laser cooling). But, this still doesn't get it cold enough. Some of the particles will still be bouncing around a lot, and only some will be lying down as needed, so the magnetic field is slowly lowered bit by bit, to let the faster bouncing particles out. This leaves the coldest and slowest atoms inside.

Coatbridge

Coatbridge is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.

Today the town is a working class town near to Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland. The town has also been described as "uniquely populated largely by people of Irish descent", meaning that there are many people from Irish families.

Formia

Formia is a city of the province of Latina, near Lazio (Italy).


Mrs Beeton

Mrs Beeton (born Isabella Mary Mayson, 12 March 1836 – 6 February 1865) was known around the world as Mrs Beeton. She was the English author of "Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management", and is one of the most famous cookbook writers.

Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street, Cheapside, London, England. Her father, Benjamin Mayson, died when she was young and her mother, Elizabeth Jerram later married Henry Dorling, who was a widower and he had four children of his own. They lived in Epsom, Surrey where Henry was Clerk of Epsom Racecourse. Isabella was sent to school in Heidelberg, Germany, where she became a very good pianist. When she finished school, she went back to Epsom.

Isabella's husband, Samuel Orchart Beeton, was also born in Milk Street. Even after the move to Epsom the two mothers of Samuel and Isabella kept talking to one another. On a visit to London, Isabella was introduced to Samuel Beeton who had become a publisher of books and popular magazines. They married on 10 July 1856 at Epsom Parish Church. In August of that year they moved into their first home, a large Italianate property at 2 Chandos Villas on the Woodridings Estate in Hatch End.

Their first child, Samuel Orchart, was born in May 1857 but he died of croup in August of that year. In September 1859, another son was born, and his name was also Samuel Orchart.

During Isabella's time in Hatch End she began to write articles on cooking and how to manage a house for her husband's publications. In 1859–1861, she wrote something every month for "The Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine". In October 1861, the writings were published as a single book, "The Book of Household Management".

The Beetons left Hatch End in the autumn of 1861. In December of that year their son became sick with scarlet fever while on holiday in Brighton. He died on New Year's Eve. Mrs. Beeton gave birth to two other sons, Orchart (on New Year's Eve in 1863) and Mayson Moss (in January 1865).

The book was very well known as "Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management", it was a guide to running a Victorian household, with advice on fashion, child care, animal husbandry, poisons, the management of servants, science, religion, and industrialism.

The book had 1,112 pages, and over 900 of the pages were recipes. Because many of the pages were recipes, it became known as "Mrs Beeton's Cookbook". Most of the recipes were illustrated with colored pictures, and it was the first book to show recipes in a way that is still used today. It is said that many of the recipes were actually taken from earlier writers (including Eliza Acton), but the Beetons never claimed that the book's contents were original. It was supposed to be a guide of reliable information for the middle class people. Mrs Beeton is described better as the books compiler and editor than as its author, because many of the passages were not in her own words.

The day after the birth of her fourth child, in January 1865, Isabella became sick with puerperal fever. She died a week later at the age of 28. Her widower lived for another twelve years. He died of tuberculosis in June 1877 at the age of 46.

The couple are buried in West Norwood Cemetery in Lambeth under a simple headstone.



Fleury-les-Aubrais

Fleury-les-Aubrais is a commune of the Loiret department in the northern part of France.


South Region, Brazil

The South Region of Brazil () is one of the five geographical regions of Brazil defined by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in 1969. It includes the states of Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul.

The South Region has an area of , the smallest region of the country.

It is the only region of Brazil located outside the tropical zone, with clear variations about the seasons. In winter there are frosts and rarely snow. The relief is just a bit hilly, with a predominance of a large plateau, in general low.

It borders to the north with the Mato Grosso do Sul and São Paulo states; to the east with the Atlantic Ocean; to the south with Uruguay states; and to west with Argentina and Paraguay.

The hydrography of Southern Brazil can be classified in three great regions of Watersheds: the Paraná River, the Uruguay River and the Southeast Brazil Rivers.

The rivers of the southern region are availed for navigation, irrigation agriculture, urban water supply and power generation. The most important rivers are voluminous and have great hydroelectric potential. The Itaipu Dam, on the Parana River, is exploring the potential for power generation in the region. This operation allows the South and the Southeast an increasing use of electricity for domestic and industrial use.

The relief of the region is characterized by many plateaus that rises at altitudes up to more than 1,000 meters above sea level, decreasing to the west. Covering about 3/4 parts of the regional relief, this set is called "Southern Plateau of Brazil" and breaks down into plateaus that go from east to west.

The highest point of the different states of the South Region are:

Only Brazilian region located almost entirely in a subtropical climate, the South is the coldest area of Brazil, with frost and even, in some places, the snowfall. The seasons are well defined and the rains are evenly distributed over the year.

Southern Brazil has subtropical or temperate climate. The annual average temperatures vary between 12 °C (53.6 °F) and 22 °C (71.6 °F). Frost is very common and can snow in some mountain ranges.

This region is formed by three states: Paraná, Paraná and Rio Grande do Sul.

What most characterizes the South is the way it was colonized and kind of colonizers received. Received short black slaves, but many Caucasian immigrants. The Europeans gave the population the predominance of white skin color, gave to the landscape marks of their original countries and introduced the system of medium and small farms.

The southern region has good social indicators : it has the highest HDI in Brazil (0.831), and the third highest GDP per capita of the country. The region is also, 94.8% of the population.

The region is highly urbanized (82%) and many cities are famous for their urban planning, like Curitiba and Maringá. It has a relatively high standard of living in many aspects, with the highest Human Development Index of Brazil, 0.859 (2007), and the second highest per capita income of the country, $13.396. The region is also the most literate, 94% literacy rate.

Some places in the region must be emphasized, such as the Iguaçu Falls, (Natural Heritage and one of the New7Wonders of Nature) and the Ruins of St. Michael of the Missions (Cultural Heritage); the Itaipu Dam, elected the as one of the seven modern Wonders of the World); the winter cities on mountains of the SC and RS; and the Botanical Garden of Curitiba, Southern Brazil greatest icon.

The first inhabitants of southern Brazil are the indigenous people. Then came the Spanish Jesuit priests to evangelize the Indians and dominate the land. The pioneers of São Paulo attacked the missions to arrest the Indians. So, the Jesuits and the Indians abandoned the place and the cattle got loose in the fields. The São Paulo pioneers became interested in the trade of cattle. On the way through which the troops passed villages have emerged. For many years, the Portuguese and Spaniards fought over land in the region.

The population of the South has grown with the arrival of the first European immigrants in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries: Germans, Italians, Poles, Ukrainians immigrated to the region, which also received Japanese, Arabs and Jews.

, the South Region had a population of 29,439,773, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The capital of Paraná state, Curitiba, has the largest population and also the largest economy, and the capital of Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, has the largest metropolitan area.

The 10 municipalities of the South Region with more inhabitants are:

The region received large numbers of European immigrants during the 19th century, who have had a large influence on its demography and culture. The main ethnic origins of Southern Brazil are Portuguese, Italian, and German.

Portuguese, the official language of Brazil, is spoken by the entire population. But in some places dialects of German or Italian origins are also spoken; some villages even use the language of immigrants. In Porto Alegre and Curitiba there are some Yiddish speakers.

The region has as main tourist attractions their natural beauty, beaches, historical cities and their European colonies, and the well-defined seasons, characterized by the severe winter.

In Paraná, the Iguassu Falls receive thousands of tourists every year, being the main destination for foreigners in the region. The state also has a geological site of approximately 340 million years, with huge rock formations. The capital, Curitiba, was considered the best southern city for tourism

In Santa Catarina the beaches receive many visitors, and the winter colonies in the state.

The Rio Grande do Sul state - like Santa Catarina - attracts tourists in winter to the cities in mountain, where the cold is intense.

Edmund Stoiber

Edmund Rüdiger Stoiber, German pronunciation: ˈɛtmʊnt ˈʃtɔʏbɐ, (born 28 September 1941) is a German politician. He used to be the Minister-President of the state of Bavaria and the leader of the Christian Social Union party (CSU). On 18 January 2007, he said he no longer wanted to be minister-president and party leader by 30 September, after having been criticized by his own party for weeks.

Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim, Bavaria. Before he became a member of the Bavarian parliament in 1974, he was a lawyer and worked at the University of Regensburg. 

Stoiber is married to Karin Stoiber. They have three children: Konstanze (1971), Veronika (1977), Dominik (1980) and three grandchildren: Johannes (1999), Benedikt (2001) and Theresa Marie (2005).

Stoiber was a student at Ignaz-Günther-Gymnasium in Rosenheim, where he received his Abitur (high school diploma) in 1961. He served the military with the mountain infantry division but had to leave because he hurt his knee. After his military service, Stoiber studied political science and later law in Munich. In 1967 he passed the state law exam and then worked at the University of Regensburg in criminal law and Eastern European law. He became a doctor of jurisprudence, and then in 1971 passed the second state examination.

In 1978 Stoiber was elected secretary general of the CSU, which he stayed until 1982/83. From 1982 to 1986 he was a representative to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then a minister of state from 1982 to 1988. From 1988 to 1993 he was the Bavarian Minister of the Interior and in May 1993, the Bavarian "Landtag" (parliament) elected him as minister-president. As such he served as President of the "Bundesrat" in 1995/96. In 1998, he was made leader of the CSU.

In 2002, Stoiber removed the leader of the CDU, Angela Merkel, and was made the joint CDU/CSU's candidate for the office of chancellor, with Gerhard Schröder (SPD) as opponent.

Before the 2002 election, the CSU/CDU was on top of the opinion polls and Stoiber said that "...this election is like a football match where it's the second half and my team is ahead by 2-0", a quote that has become famous. However, on election day things had changed. The SPD had a huge comeback and the CDU/CSU got less votes. Both the SPD and CDU/CSU had 38.5% of the vote, but the SPD was ahead by 6,000 votes. Gerhard Schröder was elected again as chancellor by the parliament. He joined together with the Green party. Many people think it was Stoiber's reaction to the floods in eastern Germany, shortly before the election, that made his party lose the vote. Also, Schröder made clear that he was against the Iraq war led by the United States. He made the war the main topic in his campaign, which was seen by many people as the changing factor in the weeks before the election.

Stoiber is a great football fan and he supports the FC Bayern Munich. Before the 2002 election FC Bayern's manager Uli Hoeneß said he supported Stoiber and the CSU. Football legend, FC Bayern President and Vice-President of the German Football Association, Franz Beckenbauer, on the other hand, showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup.


California Aqueduct

The California Aqueduct is a system of aqueducts in the Central Valley in California, in the United States. It carries water from the Cascade Range about to southern California. Three major reservoirs are on the aqueduct: Bethany, Castaic, and Silverwood.

Aqueduct

An aqueduct is a man-made channel that carries water from one place to another. Usually, they are used to supply water to cities and towns. They may also carry water for irrigation, or for hydroelectricity. Pipes, canals, tunnels, and bridges that serve this purpose are all called aqueducts. Some aqueducts carry a canal for boats and ships. The word “aqueduct” comes from the Latin words “aqua” (water) and “ducere” (to lead). Aqueducts have been used since ancient times.






Orange County, California

Orange County (established 1889) is one of the counties of California, in the United States. It is in southern California, along the coast of the Pacific Ocean. Its county seat is Santa Ana, and its largest city is Irvine.

The county has 3,186,989 people, as of 2020, spread across just 948 square miles (2,455 square kilometers). It is the third most populous county in California. The west-flowing Santa Ana River divides the county into north and south parts. On the north, the San Gabriel River forms its border with Los Angeles County. Some other big cities include Anaheim, Orange, Huntington Beach, Fullerton and Irvine. The county is mostly residential.

The highest average income in Orange County is $203,091, in the city of Villa Park. Some famous attractions, such as Disneyland and Knott’s Berry Farm, are in Orange County. The tallest building in Orange County is the 37-story One Broadway Plaza, an unfinished building in Santa Ana. It will be tall when it is completed.


České Budějovice

České Budějovice ( or ) is a town in the Czech Republic. About 96,000 people live there (2009). It is in the south of the historical region Bohemia. The popular Czech beer, Budweiser Budvar, is made there.

The city is also one of the major settings in the novel "The Good Soldier Švejk" by Jaroslav Hašek.

České Budějovice is twinned with:


<br>


Karlovy Vary

Karlovy Vary (German: "Karlsbad") is a city in the Czech Republic. As of 2015, about 50,000 people were living there. It is located in the west of the historical region of Bohemia. It is popular for its spa.

The city was in Austria-Hungary, and the people who lived there were mainly German-speaking. Bohemia was transferred to the new state of Czechoslovakia after World War I. The existence of such German-speaking peoples outside of Germany was used by Hitler as a reason to invade the Sudetenland (the German-speaking part of Bohemia and Moravia), which Germany did in 1938. This was a result of the Munich Agreement. This event was a prelude to World War II. 


Dracophyllum

Dracophyllum is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Ericaceae. This genus is very close with genus "Richea".
This plants grow in Australia and Oceania; many species grows in mountains. The number of species is more than 60.

The common English name of dracophyllum is "the grass tree".

It is evergreen plants with the long leaves in the form of snakes. Flowers are small; its color is white, white-yellow or white-red.

It may be an interest plant for gardens. Fruits of some species are edible.

Dragonball Evolution

Dragonball Evolution is a low budget 2009 American live-action movie based on the "Dragon Ball" franchise being made by 20th Century Fox. The story follows the adventures of the lead character, Son Goku, around his 18th birthday. The movie began being made in 2002, and is directed，produced and written by James Wong. It was first released in Japan and several other Asian nations on March 13, 2009, and later released in the United States on April 10, 2009.

Justin Chatwin was cast as Goku, and James Marsters is Lord Piccolo, the antagonist of the movie. A video game of the movie, with the same name, will be released in March/April for the PSP.

Since its release, "Dragonball Evolution" was universally being rated and commented as the most poor manga adoption ever. On Rotten Tomatoes it scored 15% based on 55 reviews, while on Metacritic it received a rating of 45 out of 100 based on 10 reviews.

The original creator Akira Toriyama felt surprised of this live-action film and suggested to treated it as a different work form his manga.


Rikki-Tikki-Tavi

"Rikki-Tikki-Tavi" is a short story in "The Jungle Book" (1894) by Rudyard Kipling about the adventures of a brave young mongoose. 

The story is a favourite of Kipling fans and is notable for its scary and serious tone. It has often been added to literary collections and has also been published more than once as a short book in its own right. The story was also adapted into an animated TV special by American animator Chuck Jones in 1975.

5335 Damocles

5335 Damocles is the main asteroid of the Damocloids, asteroids that are inactive comets of the Halley Family and long period comets. It was found in 1991 and named after Damocles, a figure of Greek mythology. 

When Damocles was found, in 1991 by Robert H. McNaught, it was found to be on an orbit that was very different from all others known. Damocles' orbit reached from inside the aphelion (farthest approach from the Sun) of Mars to as far as Uranus. Its orbit seemed to be changing from an almost round outer solar system orbit to a stretched orbit taking it to the inner solar system. Duncan Steel, Gerhard Hahn, Mark Bailey, and David Asher found out what's it's future could be, and found a good chance that it will become an Earth-crosser asteroid, and may spend a quarter of its life in such an orbit. Damocles has a stable orbit for tens of thousands of years before and after the present, because its highly tilted orbit does not take it near Jupiter or Saturn.

The adjective for Damocles is Damoclean, .

It is the namesake for the damocloids


Colusa County, California

Colusa County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is by the Sacramento River, in the north part of the Central Valley. Its county seat is Colusa. As of 2020, it has 21,839 people. It covers about .

San Gabriel River

The San Gabriel River is a river in Los Angeles and Orange counties in the state of California. It is about long. It begins in the San Gabriel Mountains and flows southwest into the Los Angeles Basin, then flows into the Pacific Ocean near Long Beach and Seal Beach. Like the Los Angeles River, it is heavily polluted and is lined with concrete in many places.



Los Angeles River

The Los Angeles River (also called: El Rio De Nuestra Senora La Reina De Los Angeles De Porciuncula or Porciuncula River; Spanish: "River of the Angels"; informally LA River) is a river flowing through Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. About long, it flows from Canoga Park south and west to its end at the Long Beach Harbor, in San Pedro Bay, part of the Pacific Ocean. The basin is rimmed by the San Gabriel Mountains, Santa Monica Mountains and Santa Susana Mountains, as well as several smaller mountain ranges. Much of the water that flows in the Los Angeles River flows in from tributaries that come from the mountains.

The river was once free-flowing, winding across a floodplain that occupied much of the Los Angeles Basin. With its frequent floods, it often changed course, causing erosion and depositing silt in other places. When the city of Los Angeles had its first settlers around the 1850s, the river was its main water source. With the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913, the Los Angeles River was no longer needed as a water source. Today, the Los Angeles River runs in a fixed course through a concrete channel for nearly its whole length. It is heavily polluted. The primary source of water during summer and fall is the Donald C. Tillman Water Reclamation Plant in Van Nuys. Plans for restoration of the river are being discussed.

The watershed of the Los Angeles River covers 834 square miles (2,135 square kilometers). The Santa Monica Mountains and smaller Simi Hills border it on the east side. On the west side lies the San Gabriel Mountains and Santa Susana Mountains. Seven major tributaries flow into the Los Angeles River: Burbank Western Channel, Aliso Wash, Tujunga Wash, Verdugo Wash, Arroyo Seco, Compton Creek, and Rio Hondo. 360 square miles (920 square kilometers) of the watershed are open space, while the remaining 474 square miles (1,215 square kilometers) are highly developed with all kinds of land uses.
The river officially begins in a place called Canoga Park, in the San Fernando Valley. Bell Creek and Calabasas Wash (Arroyo Calabasas or Calabasas Creek; "Calabasa" is Spanish for "pumpkin") flow from opposite sides of the valley to a point () where the Los Angeles River officially begins. At this point, the river already flows in a concrete channel. In times of flood, the channel can move between per hour to up to 
Tujunga Wash, Aliso Wash, and Brown's Canyon Wash join the river from the left. The river flows on to a basin called the "Sepulveda basin", controlled by a dam at its southeastern end. This basin is incredibly rich in wildlife and plants. Normally, there wouldn not be a year-round flow of water here. But because of 75 million gallons of water flowing into the river every day from the Donald C. Tillman Water Reclamation Plant, there is an year-round flow of water. This water is not suitable to be drinking water, but is safe to touch.
An important tributary, Verdugo Wash, flows in from the left. The Verdugo Wash begins in the Verdugo Hills and flows west to the Los Angeles River. Uniquely, the intersection of Interstate 5 and Route 134 is located right above this point. The Los Angeles River makes a great bend west around Griffith Park, a big park in the middle of Los Angeles. Here, the river has an earthen bottom, which is unique because most of the river is covered with concrete. Further downstream, there is a place uniquely named "Frogtown" because of the many frogs once found in the river there. Downstream from this place, the river picks up another important tributary, Arroyo Seco, on the left. (The name "Arroyo Seco" means "dry creek" in Spanish.) The Arroyo Seco begins in the San Gabriel Mountains and flows south to the Los Angeles River. One important feature of the Arroyo Seco is the giant Devil's Gate Dam. The Arroyo Seco is free-flowing in many places.
After flowing a few more miles, the Los Angeles River becomes very wide. The final large tributary, Rio Hondo (Spanish for "deep river") flows in from the left, in the city of South Gate. Notably, the sediment here is over deep. Here, the threat of floods is always present. In fact, in a flood in 1992, the water was only a few inches below the top of the riverbank. As the river approaches San Pedro Bay and eventually the Pacific Ocean, it passes by the RMS Queen Mary, a retired ocean liner now a museum and hotel.

The Los Angeles River was originally a free-flowing river, running across a wide basin that would periodically flood. The river would have heavy flows in the winter and spring (rainy season) and little to no flow in the summer and fall (dry season). However, water being forced out of an aquifer below the Los Angeles Basin gave parts of the river an year-round flow. This phenomenon can still be seen today, most notably in a place called Griffith Park where water rises out of the ground and feeds the river.

The river was used for hundreds of years by pre Columbian natives as a source of drinking water and food. When Spanish explorers came to the area in the 1760s, they named the river the Porciuncula, seeing that it was a good site for a settlement. The full name they gave the river was actually "El Río de Nuestra Señora La Reina de Los Ángeles de Porciúncula", which translated to English means: The River of Our Lady Queen of the Angels of Porciúncula. (Porciuncula is a small church in Italy.) But they were to soon find out, the Los Angeles River had, and still has, a long history of floods. Many times when the river flooded, it would change course from Ballona Creek, a stream flowing into Santa Monica Bay on the northeast; to its original channel flowing into San Pedro Bay. One big flood in 1825, it left Ballona Creek and flowed into its old channel, and Ballona Creek became a separate, long waterway. It still is that way today.

The city of Los Angeles rose beside the Los Angeles River, inland at the site of the old Spanish settlement. In 1889, San Pedro Bay, the place where the river flows into, was chosen as the city harbor. A series of railroads were needed to connect the city with the port. The most logical route was beside the river, since that was the smoothest land. With the railroads came industry, which rose up all along the lower Los Angeles River. With its disastrous flood history, and the fact that it was too shallow for boats, the river was finally forced into a concrete channel beginning in 1938.

1938 was the same year that a terrible flood struck the region. From February 27 to March 1, 1938, a storm approached the California coast. Over 4.4 inches (11 cm) of rain fell. That was the equivalent of one-fourth the average yearly rainfall in the area. Finally, on 5:45 AM on March 4, the rain ended, and the flood slowly dropped in level. it seemed similar to the earlier flood in 1934. Everyone thought that it was already over, but it was not. 15 hours later, another storm hit Southern California, dumping another 6-10 inches (15–25 cm) of rain. The soils of the region could not take in any more water from the rains of the past few days. The three major rivers in the region, the Los Angeles, San Gabriel, and the Santa Ana, burst their levees and flooded three California counties.

It was the 5th largest flood in the recorded history of the area. 5,601 houses were destroyed, 1,500 houses were damaged, and 800 cars were trapped in the mud. But Los Angeles County was not as affected as neighboring Riverside County and Orange County, for it was those two counties that suffered the worst floods.

However, the flood was not as bad as it could have been. Fourteen flood control dams in the mountains and around the Los Angeles area held back huge amounts of water, which would otherwise add to the flood. These dams included the Hansen Dam, Big Tujunga Dam, and San Gabriel No. 1 and No. 2. At its peak, the Los Angeles River's flow was about 38,000 cubic feet (1,076 cubic meters) per second. The nearby San Gabriel River's flow, though, approached 100,000 cubic feet (2,832 cubic meters) per second. Most flooded of all was the "crazy-mad" Santa Ana River, which looked like a "slightly smaller version of the Mississippi."

Many restoration efforts to convert the river from a concrete-lined channel back to its natural state have been proposed recently. Also, some river conservation groups, most notably Friends of the Los Angeles River (FoLAR) have been created.

The Los Angeles River Master Plan was created in 1991 as a plan to restore a large stretch of the river and one of its large tributaries, the Tujunga Wash. Part of the incentive for the project is because the "Great Wall of Los Angeles", one of the largest murals in the world, is painted on the wall of the Tujunga Wash. Other than that, the plan seeks to improve recreation, health, property value, environment, and education in the communities surrounding the river; by building a series of parks. This helps to increase the open space available in Los Angeles; its open space percentage is uncharacteristically low. For example, the city of Boston has 9% open space, over twice as much as Los Angeles' 4% open space.

Notably, the City of Los Angeles agreed in 2007, by a 12-0 vote, to spend some $2 billion USD over the next 50 years. The money will be used to fund over 200 separate projects, including parks, walkways, and pedestrian bridges; along a stretch of the river. Some factories and other buildings near the river will be removed so houses can be built closer to the river.

The biggest city beside the Los Angeles River is Los Angeles. There are many other cities and towns that lie beside the river.


Bridges that cross the Los Angeles River. Crossings are listed from south to north.


Fantasia (movie)

Fantasia is the third animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released on November 13, 1940. It was originally released by itself instead of RKO Pictures, which was the distributor of Disney from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", until "Peter Pan".

"Fantasia" contains eight classical music pieces. One of them is from Igor Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring". It tells the story of life on Earth until the extinction of the dinosaurs. Another famous work that appears in the movie is Johann Sebastian Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor for organ. The most famous classical music piece in this film is Paul Dukas, The Sorcerer's Apprentice. This is Mickey Mouse's most famous role. 

A sequel to this movie, "Fantasia 2000", was released in 1999.


Santa Ana River

The Santa Ana River is a major river in southern California, in the United States. It begins in San Bernardino County and flows west about to the Pacific Ocean, through Riverside and Orange counties. It has a watershed of 2,650 square miles (6,863 square kilometers). Its biggest tributaries include Lytle, Temescal, and Santiago Creeks. Like the Los Angeles and San Gabriel rivers to the north, it is lined with concrete in many places. A notable feature on the river is the Seven Oaks Dam, which, at tall, is the 6th tallest dam in the United States.




Aliso Creek

Aliso Creek is a small river in Orange County, California, in the United States. From its source in the Santa Ana Mountains to its mouth at the Pacific Ocean, it is about long. Its watershed is about 30.4 square miles (79 square kilometers) in size. The name comes from the Spanish word "aliso", meaning alder. Six tributaries join it along its length, which are Wood Canyon Creek, Sulphur Creek, the Dairy Fork, Aliso Hills Channel, Munger Creek and English Canyon.
The creek is heavily polluted. Urban runoff from streets in cities around the creek flow into it, contributing to an increased year-round flow and excessive pollution. To this day, the creek is still a big problem in terms of pollution at its mouth, the popular Aliso Creek Beach.



San Juan Creek

San Juan Creek is a small river in Orange County, California. It is about long. Its watershed occupies 133.9 square miles (357 square kilometers). It begins in the Santa Ana Mountains, and ends, after a journey winding west and south, in the Pacific Ocean in Dana Point.

Its biggest tributary, Trabuco Creek or Arroyo Trabuco, is about long, flowing south from the Santa Ana Mountains into San Juan Creek. Oso Creek is a smaller tributary to Trabuco Creek, but has a lot of water in it the entire year. Many people say they found a dead bear on the Oso Creek.


Bakersfield, California

Bakersfield is a large city in the state of California, in the United States. It the county seat of Kern County, in the southern part of the Central Valley. In the 2020 census, 403,455 people lived there. As of 2020, Bakersfield is the 9th largest city in California, the 3rd largest inland city in California, and the 48th largest in the United States. It is also the 2nd largest in the United States that is not directly connected to an interstate. Agriculture, petroleum processing, and manufacturing are the main economy of the city. 

State Route 99, State Route 58, and State Route 178 run through or pass by the city. One major rail station, Bakersfield Station, is in the city. Meadows Field Airport is the airport that serves Bakersfield, and the rest of Kern County.

Windows Mail

Windows Mail is an email client included with Windows Vista. It will not be included with any future releases of Windows because of the new Windows Live Mail. It replaced the popular Microsoft Outlook Express email client that was included in Windows 98, ME, 2000 & XP. Unlike Outlook Express, Windows Mail is not included with Windows Internet Explorer.

Chord progression

A chord progression is a part of music, made up of several chords played one after another. Chord progressions are important for people who write songs or play musical instruments that can play chords, such as the guitar. Chord progressions are used in many types of music. How a piece of music sounds has to do with its chord progression.

The circle of fifths is an idea in music theory that has to do with keys. It also has to do with chord progressions. If you have a song with the chord progression G, C, D, you can see those chords are right next to each other in the circle. So if you want to play the same song in a different key, you can use any other three chords right next to each other. This works for any chord progression.

One of the most used chord progressions is based on the first, fourth and fifth notes of a major scale. In the key of C, these are the C, F, and G chords. This progression is used in many simple songs. Since these songs have only three chords, they are sometimes called three-chord songs. Many country, blues, rock, pop and punk songs are three-chord songs.


Interstate 81

Interstate 81 is a north-south interstate in the eastern United States. It runs from Dandridge, Tennessee in the south to Wellesley Island, New York in the north; for a total distance for about . It follows the Appalachian Mountains for nearly its entire length.

Interstate 81 begins in Tennessee at Interstate 40 in Dandridge. The route follows the Appalachian Mountains for much of its route through Tennessee and Virginia, serving such cities as the twin cities of Bristol, Tennessee and Bristol, Virginia, Roanoke, Blacksburg, Lexington, Staunton, Harrisonburg, and Winchester. In Harrisonburg, I-81 cuts through the James Madison University campus. It follows its older counterpart, U.S. Route 11, for its entire length in Virginia.

Interstate 81 briefly enters the eastern panhandle of West Virginia, serving the city of Martinsburg. It then crosses the state of Maryland at one of its narrowest points, passing through the "Hub City" of Hagerstown where it crosses many other routes.

Interstate 81 forms a major north–south corridor through the state of Pennsylvania, serving the boroughs of Chambersburg and Carlisle, where it meets the Pennsylvania Turnpike. But I-81 does not directly interchange with it (motorists must use US 11 to connect). Around the state capital of Harrisburg, the route forms the northeastern section of Pennsylvania's Capital Beltway. The route then travels northeast toward the Wyoming Valley, where it serves the cities of Wilkes-Barre and Scranton, then heads north through the Endless Mountains region toward the state line. Although it is signed as a north–south highway, it is distinctly northeast–southwest and occasionally east–west throughout the state.

Interstate 81 enters the state of New York near Binghamton. It follows U.S. Route 11 in a north–south direction, through much of the state. It serves the cities of Syracuse (where it intersects the New York State Thruway), and Watertown. The route ends at the Canadian border at the Thousand Islands Bridge, where it crosses the St. Lawrence River, continuing as a short connector, Highway 137, which serves the Thousand Islands Parkway and Highway 401.
The Interstate 81 Corridor Coalition, a six-state coalition, was organized to handle issues along Interstate 81, such as truck traffic and air pollution. As of October 15, 2008, this commission has met twice.


Twelvers

Twelvers, or Twelver Shia's (Arabic: اثنا عشرية ‎شيعة) are Shia Muslims that believe that God appointed twelve guides after Prophet Muhammad. These are:


About 85% of Shia Muslims are Twelvers. Most of them can be found in Iran (90%), Azerbaijan (85%), Bahrain (80%), Iraq (65%), Lebanon (35%), and Kuwait (35%). There are also minorities in Pakistan (20%), Afghanistan (18%), and Saudi Arabia (10-15%).

Shia Muslims

Interstate 91

Interstate 91 is an interstate on the East Coast of the United States. It is long. Its south end is at New Haven, Connecticut, and its north end is at Derby Line, Vermont; near the Canadian border. The interstate follows the Connecticut River for much of its length.

Connecticut River

The Connecticut River is the largest river in New England, which is a region in the eastern United States. It is about long, with a watershed covering about 11,250 square miles (29,137 square kilometers). Every second, it pours about 19,600 cubic feet (560 cubic meters) per second into its mouth at Long Island Sound, part of the Atlantic Ocean. The river flows through the U.S. states of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, and Connecticut. Interstate 91 parallels the river for a notably long distance.

The largest city on the Connecticut River is Springfield, Massachusetts. The second largest city is Hartford, Connecticut, the state capital of Connecticut. The two great cities are only 23.9 miles apart (38.5 km.)

CT denotes Connecticut, VT Vermont, NH New Hampshire, and MA Massachusetts.

Postage stamp block

In philately, a postage stamp block is a group of postage stamps attached to each other. Collectors may prefer gathering a complete block rather than separate postage stamps.


Great Basin

The Great Basin is a desert area in the western United States of America, part of the Basin and Range Province. It is very dry and very large, occupying most of the state of Nevada and extending into California, Idaho, Oregon, Utah, and a small part of Wyoming. In all, is about 200,000 square miles (520,000 square kilometers) in size. It is an 'endorheic' basin, which means that there is no outlet to the ocean. The Great Basin runs from the highest land in the Sierras and Rockies in the west, down to lowland deserts in the east.

The Great Basin's longest and largest river is the Bear River of , and the largest single watershed is the Humboldt River drainage of roughly . 

Most Great Basin precipitation is snow. The water that neither evaporates nor is taken for human use will sink into groundwater aquifers. Evaporation occurs from geographic sinks. 

Lake Tahoe, North America's largest alpine lake, is part of the Great Basin's central Lahontan subregion. 

Bougainvillea

Bougainvillea is a genus of flowering plants.it is often grown as gardening plant in warm climate. Bougainvilleas first came from South America. They are climbing plants grown for decoration in tropical countries, and in the southern United States.it is Grenada's national flower. Farther north, the plants are grown in greenhouses. The bougainvillea is named for the French navigator Louis-Autoine de Bougainville.

Bougainvillea, a tropical vine known for the beauty of the large, colorful bracts (modified leaves) which surround its flowers. The flowers are small and plain. The bracts may be magenta, purple, yellow, or crimson, and are one inch (2.5 cm) or more long. One common type of bougainvillea has a climbing stem that sometimes reaches a length of 100 feet (30 m).it's has a nickname the "paper flower " due to it's to thin and papery bracts. 

North Region, Brazil

The North Region of Brazil () is one of the five geographical subdivisions of Brazil. It is the largest region, corresponding to 45.27% of the national territory but is the least inhabited region of the country and the lowest population density.

The North Region has an area of . In this region are the two largest Brazilian states: Amazonas and Pará, and also the three largest Brazilian municipalities: Altamira, Barcelos and São Gabriel da Cachoeira, with more of each one.

The region is between the Guiana Shield (to the north), the central plateau of Brazil (to the south), the Andes mountain range (to the west) and the Atlantic Ocean (to the northeast). The climate in the region is a tropical climate. Most of the region is part of the Amazon rainforest ecoregion but most of the Tocantins state is in a tropical savanna ecoregion known as the Cerrado.

The North Region borders to the south with the Mato Grosso and Goiás states; to the southwest with Bolivia; to the west with Peru and Colombia; to the north with Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana; and to the east with the Maranhão, Piauí and Bahia states.

The main regions rivers in the region are the Amazon, the Tocantins and the Araguaia; they have many tributaries.

The highest point in the North Region is Pico da Neblina () at . Pico da Neblina is the highest summit of the larger "Serra do Imeri", a plateau on the Venezuela-Brazil border; it is also the highest mountain in Brazil.

The highest point of the different states of the North Region are:
This region is formed of seven states: Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima and Tocantins.

, the North region had a population of 17,707,783, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The most important municipalities of the North Region are:

The economy of the North Region is essentially based on the plantations and the use of natural resources, such as latex, açaí, woods and nuts; and mineral extraction of gold, cassiterite and tin (metal); as well as mining exploitation, mainly iron in Pará and manganese in Amapá.

Northeast India

Northeast India (officially North Eastern Region, NER) refers to the easternmost region of the Republic of India. When India became independent, it was split into the states that are now India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. Northeast India lies to the east of Bangladesh.

It includes the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, and Tripura, which are called the "seven sister states", and seldom also Sikkim.

Hallertau

The Hallertau or Holledau is an area in Bavaria, Germany. It is the biggest hop-planting area in the world. The hop is a plant which grows in the temperate ("mild") climate zones of the Northern Hemisphere. The female flowers, called hops, are used for making beer.

Conficker

Conficker (also known as Downup, Downadup and Kido) is a computer worm that first showed up in October 2008. It targeted the Microsoft Windows operating system. It is not known where the name "conficker" came from. "Internet experts" have guessed that the name comes from a mix between two different words: "configure" and "ficken", the German word for "fuck".

Conficker was believed to be the worst computer worm since the SQL slammer worm in 2003. It was estimated 15 million computers were infected with Conficker. The virus was supposed to get worse on April 1, 2009, which caused many people to worry about it. However, there were no bad effects.

On 13 February 2009, Microsoft offered a $250,000 USD reward for help with finding and arresting the people who created the computer worm.

Gilbertese language

The Gilbertese language is an Austronesian language spoken in Kiribati, Fiji, Marshall Islands, Nauru, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu and Vanuatu.

Positivism

Positivism is the belief that human knowledge is produced by the scientific interpretation of observational data.

The belief has been known since Ancient Greece. (The approach has been an ongoing "theme in the history of western thought from the Ancient Greeks to the present day".) The term was used in the early 19th century by the philosopher and founding sociologist, Auguste Comte.

Comte believed in a three part model of human knowledge. He claimed that it had gone through phases. There was a religious worldview, and a metaphysical worldview before the scientific interpretation was considered. The positivistic method should, said Comte, no longer aim at a revealing ultimate causes. It should focus on how data are linked together. Scientists would simply interpret these correlations. Late 19th-century philosophers of the sciences from Heinrich Hertz to Ernst Mach discussed specific requirements of scientific theories and physical laws such as the predictability of results in experiments and the functionality of laws in computations.

The English noun "positivism" was re-imported in the 19th century from the French word , (which came from, or) derived from . "Positif" can mean 'imposed on the mind by experience'.

In its strongest original formulation, positivism could be thought of as a set of six principles:

Unlike materialists positivists do not make any claims about a primary substance such as matter. They assume that we have data and that we interpret the data. The idea of a material world with three dimensions is, for positivists, just a good model to handle the experiences of everyday life. If astronomy has to deal with more complex data that cannot be handled consistently in such a model, they will have to think of a different model. Early 20th-century positivists like Ernst Mach said that the best model is the most "economical" model, that is the model we can use best in calculations and predictions.

The idea that all physical laws could be useful dates back to Auguste Comte. Comte said that all theories were merely "relatively" true, and that even Isaac Newton's law of universal gravitation was strictly speaking nothing but a social convention true until new data force us to find a better theory.

This was an important development in early 20th century Vienna, led by Moritz Schlick and widened by Ludwig Wittgenstein. The logical positivists held that statements that cannot be proven true or false have no meaning. Thus statements like "There is a God" or "There is no God" are not true or false, but meaningless because they cannot be proven or disproven.

This was the idea of P.W. Bridgman, Nobel Prize in Physics for 1946. It was that a concept in science was defined by the way one measured it. If one thinks of electron spin, or the curvature of space, these are not everyday ideas. In everyday life, electrons are not seen, and neither is space seen to be curved. They rest on the results of experiments which measured fundamental properties like time, light, mass, electrical charge, and so on. What Bridgman meant is that their meaning is in the way the measurements were done.


19th-century positivism – or "Comtean positivism" – included the outline of a proposed development. This would lead from primitive explanations, through religious thought and monotheism, to positivism as the universal theory and scientific practice. The theory was very influential among cultural historians. It led Comte to the creation of a "religion of humanity" as a secular substitute for all religions. This caused an outcry among scientists, who were ready to adopt the scientific premises but not interested in creating a substitute religion.

One can today still visit temples in Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre, and Curitiba in Brazil, and Paris built by 19th-century Comtean positivists. London had a society of positivists. The Turkish leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was strongly interested in positivism as the basis of a secularisation of the nation, he was trying to build.

The term positivism is today no longer connected to the construct of a secular religion, but more to describe a scientific method.



Norton Internet Security

Norton Internet Security is a security program made by Symantec Corporation that protects computers from malware. It includes antivirus, firewall, e-mail filter, and phishing protection software. It also includes features like parental controls which can be downloaded as an add-on.

Norton Internet Security was replaced by Norton Security in 2014.

Norton Internet Security was available from a download, a box copy in a store, or from a company that is an OEM. Norton Internet Security and its sister product, Norton AntiVirus, combined, held 61% of the antivirus market in 2007. Major competitors in terms of market share include antivirus products from CA, Trend Micro, and Kaspersky Lab.

Norton Internet Security runs on Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. Version 22.5.2.15 was the last update available for Norton Internet Security for Windows computers. The latest Mac version is 4.0.

In August 1990 Symantec acquired Peter Norton Computing from Peter Norton. Norton and his company developed various utilities, or applications for DOS. Symantec continued the development of them. They were marketed under the name of "Norton", with the tagline "from Symantec". Norton's crossed-arm pose, a registered U.S. trademark, was featured on Norton product packaging. However, it was later moved to the spine of the packaging, and then dropped altogether.

Product activation was introduced to Norton Internet Security 2004, because of the estimated 3.6 million counterfeit Norton products sold. A alphanumeric code is generated to identify a computer's configuration, which ties in with the product key. Users are allowed to activate their product five times with the same product key. Spyware detection and removal was introduced to the 2005 version for Windows, with the tagline "Antispyware Edition". The tagline was dropped in later releases.

Existing users of the 2006, 2007, or 2008 versions could upgrade to the latest 2009 version without buying a new subscription. Upgrading preserved the number of days left on a user's subscription.
Norton Internet Security 2006 started on September 26, 2005. The main graphical user interface, dubbed the Norton Protection Center puts all information in a central location. CNET reported that the Norton Protection Center, while useful, attempts to advertise additional products and services from Symantec.

To help identify zero-day malware, Bloodhound technology disassembles and scans application code for possibly malicious instructions. Norton can revert Internet Explorer homepage hijacking attempts and block advertisements. Users are warned of unauthorized changes to Internet Explorer's homepage, and can revert such changes. Advertisement blocking rewrites a website's HTML to prevent advertisements from being displayed. E-mail filtering scans POP3 mail for spam. It can be configured using either a blacklist or a whitelist. Users can also correct Norton's classification of e-mail on an individual basis. Parental controls, bundled with this release, allow users to block specific sites, block certain programs from accessing the Internet, and restrict newsgroup access. Norton can block the transmission of confidential information. Users can enter information which are not to be communicated via instant messenger, e-mail, or webforms.

CNET noted this version's slowed system performance, especially when opening files across a network or on a removable disk. Oli Warner also noted Norton's significant drag when opening or creating files, compared to similar offerings from different vendors. PC Magazine noted the program's lengthy installation time and weak spam filtering feature; valid e-mail messages were marked as spam and actual spam e-mail were not.

Windows 98 compatibility was dropped from this release. System requirements were Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 or Windows XP, 325 Megabytes of free hard drive space, a 300 MHz processor, and 256 MB of RAM.

The 2007 version was released on September 12, 2006. 80% of the code was rewritten, with the goal of reducing demand on the system. A tabbed interface allows users to access the Norton Protection Center and the program settings without separate windows open. Symantec also extended its Veritas VxMS technology, enhancing rootkit detection. VxMS allows Norton to detect inconsistencies among files within directories and files at the volume level. Phishing detection was introduced in this release for Internet Explorer. Norton checks sites visited in Internet Explorer against a blacklist and analyzes sites' code. Other features include an exploit scanner which looks at system components commonly hosting vulnerabilities, such as Internet Explorer settings. Supplementing the scanner, real-time exploit protection blocks attackers from leveraging common browser and application vulnerabilities. When possible, Norton will fix issues found; otherwise the user is warned of the vulnerability. A startup application manager allows users to prevent applications from launching at login.

E-mail spam filtering, parental controls, advertisement blocking, and the information filtering features were not bundled with this release to reduce performance impact and disk space requirements. Instead, the features are available separately in a 2007 add-on package.

CNET reports mixed results in performance testing; however gains were made over the 2006 version. Warner also noted the 2007 version's reduced impact on system performance, compared to the 2006 version. Similar to the prior version, spam filtering module misidentified valid e-mail and missed actual spam, according to PC Magazine.

Windows 2000 compatibility was dropped from this release. Compatibility with 32-bit editions of Windows Vista was introduced later in this release with a patch from Symantec. When installed in Vista, 350 MB of free space, an 800 MHz processor, and 512 MB of RAM was needed. When installed in Windows XP, 350 MB of free space, a 300 MHz processor, and 256 MB of RAM was required.

The 2008 version was released on August 28, 2007. New features included SONAR and the Norton Identity Safe. SONAR was designed using technologies Symantec acquired from WholeSecurity. The Identity Safe supersedes the information filtering function, storing webform information and can fill such forms. The information filtering feature was still available in the 2008 add-on package, and could be used in conjunction with the Identity Safe. Phishing protection was integrated with Mozilla Firefox as well as Internet Explorer. The startup application manager was dropped from this release. Advertisement blocking was dropped from this release's add-on package.

When installed in 32-bit editions of Windows XP Service Pack 2, 350 MB of free space, a 300 MHz processor, and 256 MB of RAM was required. Support for 64-bit editions of Windows Vista was added in this release. 350 MB of free space, a 800 MHz processor, and 512 MB of RAM was required.

The 2009 version was released on September 8, 2008. Benchmarking conducted by PassMark Software highlights this release's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization. Symantec funded the benchmark test and provided scripts used to benchmark each participating antivirus software.

A single main interface replaced the tabs found in prior releases. New features included Norton Insight which whitelists files based on reputation, cutting scanning time. Virus signature updates are now delivered 5 to 15 minutes, supplementing the reliability tested updates issued by Symantec every several hours. However, such updates could incorrectly identify files as malicious, and users could elect not to receive those updates. Spam filtering was reintegrated in this release. The add-on package included information filtering and parental controls. The exploit scanner found in the 2007 and 2008 versions was dropped from this release.

System requirements call for a 32-bit edition of Windows XP, a 300 MHz processor, 256 MB of RAM and 200 MB of free space. When installed in a 32 or 64-bit edition of Windows Vista, an 800 MHz processor, 512 MB of RAM, and 200 MB of free space was required.

Notable new features included the integration of Norton Safe Web, a web rating service. Safe Web blocks access to malicious sites. Additionally, search results from major search engine, such as Google, are color coded for safety (green for safe site, yellow for possibly unsafe site, red for dangerous sites, and gray with a white question mark for untested sites). The toolbar redirects queries to the Ask.com search engine, however it does not share code with the Ask.com toolbar.

Norton Internet Security version 1.0 for Mac was released on November 1, 2000. It could identify and remove both Windows and Mac viruses. Other features included a firewall, advertisement blocking in the browser, parental controls, and the ability to prevent confidential information from being transmitted outside the computer. Users are prompted before such information is able to be transmitted. The incorporation of Aladdin Systems' iClean allows users to purge the browser cache, cookies, and browsing history within Norton's interface. Operating system requirements call for Mac OS 8.1. Hardware requirements call for 24 MB of RAM, 12 MB of disk space, and a PowerPC processor.

Version 2.0 also ties in with the WHOIS database, allowing users to trace attacking computers. Users can inform network administrators of the attacking computers for corrective actions. When running under Mac OS 8.1 or 9, a PowerPC processor, 24 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space is required. Under Mac OS X 10.1, a PowerPC G3 processor, 128 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space is required.

The subsequent release, version 3.0, maintained the feature set found in version 2.0. The firewall allocated internet access as needed rather than relying on user input using predefined rules. Compatibility with OS 8 was dropped. When running under OS 9.2, a PowerPC processor, 24 MB of RAM, and 25 MB of free space was required. Under OS X 10.1.5 through 10.3, a PowerPC G3, 128 MB of RAM, and 150 MB of free space is required. However, version 3.0 is not compatible with OS X 10.4, or "Tiger".

Version 4.0 was released on December 18, 2008. Symantec also marketed a bundle of Version 4.0 and the 2009 version for Windows, intended for users with both Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X installed. iClean was dropped from this release. The firewall blocked access to malicious sites using a blacklist updated by Symantec. To prevent attackers from leveraging insecurities in the Mac or installed software, exploit protection was introduced in this release. Phishing protection was introduced in this release as well. Operating system requirements call for Mac OS X 10.4.11 or higher. Either a PowerPC or Intel Core processor, 256 MB of RAM and 150 MB of free space are required.

The FBI confirmed the active development of Magic Lantern, a keylogger intended to obtain passwords to encrypted e-mail as part of a criminal investigation. Magic Lantern was first reported in the media by Bob Sullivan of MSNBC on 20 November 2001 and by Ted Bridis of the Associated Press. The FBI intended to deploy Magic Lantern in the form of an e-mail attachment. When the attachment was opened, it installed a trojan horse on the suspect's computer. The trojan horse is activated when the suspect uses PGP encryption, often used to increase the security of sent e-mail messages. When activated, the trojan horse will log the PGP password, which allows the FBI to decrypt user communications. Symantec and other major antivirus vendors whitelisted Magic Lantern, rendering their antivirus products, including Norton Internet Security, incapable of detecting Magic Lantern. Concerns include uncertainties about Magic Lantern's full potential and whether hackers could subvert it for purposes outside the jurisdiction of the law.

In 2006, Oli Warner published two articles comparing the system performance impact of various Windows applications, including Norton Internet Security 2006. He later reran the experiments, revising his methodology and included 2007 version at Symantec's request. Warner benchmarked the processor and the disk performance with and without each application, compiling two scripts in C++, a programming language. One calculated all prime numbers between 100,000 and 200,000 and the other tested file read/write time. BootVis was used to measure boot time. All testing was conducted inside a virtualized environment created by VMware. Despite the 2007 version's improvements, Warner noted its significant boot delay and impact on file operations.

Recent testing conducted by PassMark Software found the 2009 version had the least impact on system performance. As noted earlier, Symantec funded the testing and provided some of the scripts used. Warner's scripts were also used to test file read/write time. The second and third ranked suites were ESET Smart Security 2008 and Kaspersky Internet Security 2009, respectively. Systems were benchmarked with a clean installation of Windows Vista, then again with a security suite installed. The 2009 version had the least impact on boot time, the fastest scan speed, lowest memory utilization, and the program itself installed the fastest out of its competitors. However, the 2009 version had the second most impact on file read/write time.

Norton Internet Security (Windows versions) have been criticized for refusing to uninstall completely, leaving unnecessary files behind. Versions prior to 2009 installed a separate LiveUpdate program, which updated Norton-branded software. The user must uninstall both Norton Internet Security and the LiveUpdate component manually. The LiveUpdate component is purposely left behind to update other Norton-branded products, if present. In response, Symantec developed the Norton Removal Tool to remove leftover registry keys and values along with files and folders. Uninstallation will not remove subscription data, preserved to prevent users from installing multiple trial copies.

When Norton Internet Security 2008 is installed, users encountered incompatibilities upgrading to Windows XP Service Pack 3 or Windows Vista Service Pack 1. Users report numerous invalid registry keys being added by a tool named fixcss.exe, resulting in an empty Device Manager and missing devices such as wireless network adapters. Symantec initially blamed Microsoft for the incompatibilities but has since accepted partial responsibility.

Dave Cole, Symantec's senior director of product management, acknowledged that users running Norton products were experiencing problems, but said the numbers are small. Cole also said that Symantec had done "extensive testing" of its products with Windows XP SP3, but this issue had not surfaced. Cole essentially blamed Microsoft, "This is related to XP SP3," he stated. Microsoft recommended users to contact Windows customer support. To resolve the problem, Symantec issued a fix intended for users before upgrading. Symantec also recommended disabling the tamper protection component in the 2008 release, dubbed SymProtect. A tool to remove the added registry entries is also available from Symantec.

Sarah Hicks, Symantec's vice president of consumer product management, voiced concern over Windows Vista 64-bit's PatchGuard feature. PatchGuard was designed by Microsoft to ensure the integrity of the kernel, a part of a operating system which interacts with the hardware. Rootkits often hide in an operating system's kernel, complicating removal. Mike Dalton, European president of McAfee said, "The decision to build a wall around the kernel with the assumption it can't be breached is ridiculous", claiming Microsoft was preventing security vendors from effectively protecting the kernel while promoting its own security product, Windows Live OneCare. Hicks said Symantec did not mind the competition from OneCare. Symantec later published a white paper detailing PatchGuard with instructions to obtain a PatchGuard exploit. After negotiations and investigations from antitrust regulators, Microsoft decided to allow security vendors access to the kernel by creating special API instructions.


Ottauquechee River

The Ottauquechee River is a river in Vermont, in the eastern United States. It is a tributary to the Connecticut River, and is about long. It begins in the Green Mountains, and flows through the counties of Rutland County and Windsor County, flowing into the Connecticut River in the town of Hartland. There is one hydroelectric dam on the river, which forms a lake called North Hartland Lake.

San Diego Creek

San Diego Creek is a small northwest-flowing river in Orange County, California. It is about long and its watershed covers 112.2 square miles (291 square kilometers) in three cities. Its source is in the Coast Range, but several of its tributaries begin in the Santa Ana Mountains and flow west to the creek. San Diego Creek flows into Upper Newport Bay, a branch of Newport Bay and eventually the Pacific Ocean.



Gateshead F.C.

Gateshead F.C. is an association football team who are from North East England. They are an professional club.

Their supporters, known as Tynesiders, number in the hundreds.

During the early years of the English Football League, South Shields played in the league, finishing as high as sixth in the Second Division. However problems with money saw them move the short distance between to Gateshead. Gateshead became an established team in the Football League's bottom division, coming close to promotion twice. But in 1960, they were controversially voted out of the league, to be replaced by Peterborough United F.C.. The team never really recovered and entered administration in 1974.

A successor to Gateshead were soon founded, and attempted to join the Scottish Football League, but they did not get enough votes. This new team also went out of business. But once again, the people of South Shields saved Gateshead and in 1977 the current Gateshead side moved to the town. Gateshead have since moved between the Northern Premier League and the Football Conference. Under Gary Mills, they were able to reach the playoff final but Cambridge beat them to end their hopes of return to the League. Since then a more mellow patch followed.


Ragdoll Productions

Ragdoll Productions Limited, or simply Ragdoll, is a British television production company founded in 1984 by Anne Wood, who had previously worked for Yorkshire Television and TV-am. It is located in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, and has produced a number of children's programmes, most notably "Pob's Programme", "Teletubbies", "Rosie and Jim", "Brum", "Boohbah", "Tots TV", and "In the Night Garden...," most of which are now owned by WildBrain.

The following are some of Ragdoll's productions before the company was founded, accompanied by a brief description and vital statistics:


Ragdoll's programmes produced between 1990 and 2017 (excluding "Pob's Programme", "BOOM!" and "Storytime") are currently owned by WildBrain (formerly known as DHX Media).


Fun and Fancy Free

Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 American animated musical fantasy comedy package movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was released on September 27, 1947 by RKO Radio Pictures. It is the 9th Disney animated movie and the fourth of the package movies the studio produced in the 1940s in order to save money during World War II. The Disney package movies of the late 1940s helped finance "Cinderella", and subsequent others, such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan".

The movie features two stories. 
The first story, "Bongo", is hosted by Jiminy Cricket and narrated by Dinah Shore. Based on the tale "Little Bear Bongo" by Sinclair Lewis, "Bongo" tells the story of a circus bear cub named Bongo who longs for freedom from captivity. Bongo escapes the circus and eventually forms a romantic relationship with a female bear cub named Lulubelle in the wild, realizing that he must prove himself in order to earn Lulubelle as his mate. 
The second story, "Mickey and the Beanstalk", is hosted by Edgar Bergen and Sterling Holloway and is a retelling of "Jack and the Beanstalk" featuring Mickey, Donald, and Goofy as three pheasants who discover the temperamental Willie the Giant's castle in the sky through the use of some magic beans. They must battle the greedy but lovable giant in order to restore peace to their valley. "Mickey and the Beanstalk" was the last time Walt Disney voiced Mickey Mouse, because he was too busy on other projects to continue voicing the famous character. Disney replaced himself with sound effects artist Jimmy MacDonald.



"Fun and Fancy Free" received mostly positive reception. Rotten Tomatoes said that the movie has a 71% approval rating based on 7 reviews, with an average score of 6/10. The site's consensus reads, "Though it doesn't quite live up to its title, "Fun and Fancy Free" has its moments, and it's a rare opportunity to see Mickey, Donald, and Goofy together."

"Fun and Fancy Free" was first released on VHS in 1982. It was re-released on VHS and LaserDisc in 1997 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection. It made its DVD debut in 2000 as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection. The movie was released in a 2-Movie collection Blu-ray with "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" on August 12, 2014.



Melody Time

Melody Time is the 10th animated movie in the Disney animated features canon, produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27, 1948. Melody Time was first released on home video on June 2, 1998, under the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection title. Its next, and so far last, release was on June 6, 2000 on DVD under the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection title.



Antimetabole

An antimetabole is the identical or near repetition of words in one phrase or clause, in reverse order in the next phrase or clause. For example, US President John F. Kennedy used an antimetabole in this famous statement: "Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country".

Karachi Division

Karachi Division () is an administrative division of the Sindh Province of Pakistan.

The Karachi Division was abolished in 2000 and five districts of Karachi were merged in City District Karachi.

On 11 July 2011, Sindh Government restored again 5 districts of Karachi division.

In November 2013, a new district (6th), Korangi was formed by splitting District Karachi East.

Santa Margarita River

The Santa Margarita River is a river in southern California, between Los Angeles and San Diego. It is about long. It begins in the Santa Ana Mountains and flows west to the Pacific Ocean, at the Gulf of Santa Catalina.



Ray Comfort

Ray Comfort (born December 5, 1949) is a New Zealand-born American Christian minister and evangelist of Jewish descent. He started Living Waters Publications and "The Way of the Master", with Kirk Cameron, and has written many books.



Flaming Gorge Dam

The Flaming Gorge Dam is a concrete-arch dam on the Green River in Utah, in the United States. Built in 1958-1964, the dam is tall, long, and thick. It is one of the biggest dams in the United States. Its reservoir, the Flaming Gorge Reservoir, is about long, and covers 42,000 acres (170 square kilometers). The dam was built for water storage and hydroelectric power, and it produces about 152 megawatts of electricity.

Salton Sea

The Salton Sea is a large inland lake in the United States state of California. There are no rivers which flow out of it (making it an endorheic lake), so it is very salty. It is approximately long from north to south, and wide from east to west. It is well below sea level, with its surface elevation at , and its deepest part is deep. The New River and Alamo River flow in from the south, while the Whitewater River flows in from the north. It was created in 1905, when heavy rain flooded the Colorado River and caused it to flow into the basin that now holds the Salton Sea.

Endorheic basin

An endorheic basin, also called an internal drainage system, is a drainage basin, or watershed, that does not flow to one of the Earth's major oceans. This is unlike normal basins that collect in rivers and flow to the ocean. Endorheic basins usually end in a saline lake or a salt flat. They can be found in all parts of the world, but usually in desert locations.

Endorheic lakes in Antarctica are located in the McMurdo Dry Valleys, Victoria Land, Antarctica, the largest ice-free area in Antarctica.

Much of western and Central Asia is a single, giant inland basin. It contains several lakes, including:

Australia, being very dry and having exceedingly low runoff ratios due to its ancient soils, has a great prominence of variable, endorheic drainages. The most important are:


Many small lakes and ponds in North Dakota and Manitoba are endorheic; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores.

All these lakes are drained, however, either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena.
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain (e.g. Laguna de Gallocanta), Italy, Cyprus (Larnaca and Akrotiri salt lakes) and Greece.


Some of the Earth’s ancient endorheic systems include:


Great Salt Lake

The Great Salt Lake is a very large saltwater lake in the United States. It is in the state of Utah. It is an endorheic lake, meaning that the water in it does not flow to the ocean. It is one of the biggest endorheic lakes in the world. The lake is in the Great Basin, a large area of desert terrain covering parts of the states of Nevada, Utah, Idaho, California, and Arizona. It is many times saltier than the average of the world's oceans.

The lake is about long and wide. Its surface area averages , but because of its desert location, its size changes very often. The three major rivers that flow into it are the Jordan, Weber, and Bear rivers. Because of its similarity to the Dead Sea in Asia, it has been called "America's Dead Sea". However, the lake is a rich habitat for many species of birds, shrimp, and other animals.

The lakeshore borders Davis, Tooele, Box Elder, Salt Lake, and Weber counties, all in the state of Utah.


Rainy Lake

Rainy Lake () is a lake on the border of the United States and Canada. The lake is about long and wide, covering about 345 square miles (894 square kilometers). The Rainy River flows from the west side of the lake, and is a source of hydroelectric power for the city of International Falls. Other than electric power generation, Rainy Lake's waters are also a popular boating and fishing spot.

Roy McKie

Roy McKie is the illustrator, the person who drew the pictures, of most of the Dr. Seuss books. The books were written by Theodor Geisel.

Sika deer

The sika deer ("Cervus nippon") is a member of the deer family Cervidae. It lives in East Asia. It is found in mixed deciduous forests to the north, and mixed subtropical deciduous and evergreen forests to the south.

Sika deer are native to Taiwan to Japan, but they have been introduced to many parks in Europe. In the UK, there are large populations in Ireland and Scotland and there are patchy populations scattered across England.

Tulsa Public Schools

Tulsa Public Schools is the public school system for the city of Tulsa, Oklahoma. 

Schools in the Tulsa school system include:

Elementary Schools:

Eliot Elementary

Eisenhower Elementary

Patrick Henry Elementary

Barnard Elementary
Middle Schools:

Edison Middle School

Carver Middle School
High Schools:

Memorial High School

McClain High School

Edison High School

Booker T. Washington High School

Hale High School

Central

Project 12
http://www.tulsaschools.org/

Zenobia (plant)

Zenobia is a genus of small shrubs in the family "Ericaceae". There is only one species in this genus — "Zenobia pulverulenta" from bogs of south-east of USA. The common English name of this plant is "Honeycup". It is an evergreen plant with blue-green leaves and small white flowers in the shape of bells. The genus was named in honour of Zenobia Septimia (240 — after 274), Queen of Palmira.

Honeycup is cultivated as a garden plant.

Hyperbolic geometry

In mathematics, hyperbolic geometry is a non-Euclidean geometry, meaning that the parallel postulate that defines Euclidean geometry isn't true. On a hyperbolic plane, lines that started out parallel will become further and further apart.

Replacing this rule means that hyperbolic geometry is different from ordinary flat plane geometry. For example, triangles will have angles that add up to less than 180 degrees, meaning that they are too pointy and will look like the sides are sinking into the middle.

Many real objects look like hyperbolic planes. For example, some types of coral and lettuce are shaped like pieces of hyperbolic planes. Other people say that it's easier to draw a map of the Internet when your map isn't flat, because there are a lot of computers around the edges but very few in the center. Some physicists even think our universe is a little bit hyperbolic.

The parallel postulate in Euclidean geometry says that in two dimensional space, for any given line "l" and point "P" not on "l", there is exactly one line through "P" that does not intersect "l". This line is called "parallel" to "l". In hyperbolic geometry there are at least two such lines through "P". As they do not intersect "l", the parallel postulate is false. Models have been constructed within Euclidean geometry that obey the axioms of hyperbolic geometry. These models prove that the parallel postulate is independent of the other postulates of Euclid.

Because there is no hyperbolic analogue to Euclidean parallel lines, the hyperbolic use of "parallel" and related terms varies among writers. In this article, the two limiting lines are called "asymptotic" and lines that have a common perpendicular are called "ultraparallel." The simple word "parallel" may apply to both.

An interesting property of hyperbolic geometry follows from the occurrence of more than one parallel line through a point "P": there are two classes of non-intersecting lines. Let "B" be the point on "l" such that the line "PB" is perpendicular to "l". Consider the line "x" through "P" such that "x" does not intersect "l", and the angle θ between "PB" and "x" counterclockwise from "PB" is as small as possible; i.e., any smaller angle will force the line to intersect "l". This is called an asymptotic line in hyperbolic geometry. Symmetrically, the line "y" that forms the same angle θ between "PB" and itself but clockwise from "PB" will also be asymptotic. "x" and "y" are the only two lines asymptotic to "l" through "P". All other lines through "P" not intersecting "l", with angles greater than θ with "PB", are called ultraparallel (or disjointly parallel) to "l". Since there are an infinite number of possible angles between θ and 90 degrees, and each one will determine two lines through "P" and disjointly parallel to "l", there exist an infinite number of ultraparallel lines.

Thus we have this modified form of the parallel postulate: In hyperbolic geometry, given any line "l", and point "P" not on "l", there are exactly two lines through "P" which are asymptotic to "l", and infinitely many lines through "P" ultraparallel to "l".

The differences between these types of lines can also be looked at like this: the distance between asymptotic lines run to zero in one direction and grows without bound in the other; the distance between ultraparallel lines increases in both directions. The ultraparallel theorem states that there is a "unique" line in the hyperbolic plane that is perpendicular to each of a given pair of ultraparallel lines.

In Euclidean geometry, the "angle of parallelism" is a constant; that is, any distance formula_1 between parallel lines yields an angle of parallelism equal to 90°. In hyperbolic geometry, the angle of parallelism varies with the formula_2 function. This function, described by Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, produces a unique angle of parallelism for each distance formula_3. As the distance gets shorter, formula_2 approaches 90°, whereas with increasing distance formula_2 approaches 0°. Thus, as distances get smaller, the hyperbolic plane behaves more and more like Euclidean geometry. Indeed, on small scales compared to formula_6, where formula_7 is the (constant) Gaussian curvature of the plane, an observer would have a hard time determining whether he is in the Euclidean or the hyperbolic plane.

For centuries, geometers tried to prove the parallel postulate. They failed, but their efforts gave birth to hyperbolic geometry. The theorems of Alhacen, Khayyam on quadrilaterals, were the first theorems on hyperbolic geometry. Their works on hyperbolic geometry had an influence on its development among later European geometers, including Witelo, Alfonso and John Wallis.

In the nineteenth century, hyperbolic geometry was explored by János Bolyai and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, after whom it sometimes is named. Lobachevsky published in 1830, while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832. Karl Friedrich Gauss also studied hyperbolic geometry, describing in a 1824 letter to Taurinus that he had constructed it, but did not publish his work. In 1868, Eugenio Beltrami provided models of it, and used this to prove that hyperbolic geometry was consistent if Euclidean geometry was.

The term "hyperbolic geometry" was introduced by Felix Klein in 1871. For more history, see article on non-Euclidean geometry.

There are three models commonly used for hyperbolic geometry: the Klein model, the Poincaré disc model, and the Lorentz model, or hyperboloid model. These models define a real hyperbolic space which satisfies the axioms of a hyperbolic geometry. Despite the naming, the two disc models and the half-plane model were introduced as models of hyperbolic space by Beltrami, not by Poincaré or Klein.

M. C. Escher's famous prints "Circle Limit III" and "Circle Limit IV" illustrate the conformal disc model quite well. In both one can see the geodesics. (In "III" the white lines are not geodesics, but hypercycles, which run alongside them.) It is also possible to see quite plainly the negative curvature of the hyperbolic plane, through its effect on the sum of angles in triangles and squares.

In the Euclidean plane, their angles would sum to 450°; i.e., a circle and a quarter. From this we see that the sum of angles of a triangle in the hyperbolic plane must be smaller than 180°. Another visible property is exponential growth. In "Circle Limit IV", for example, one can see that the number of angels and demons within a distance of "n" from the center rises exponentially. The demons have equal hyperbolic area, so the area of a ball of radius "n" must rise exponentially in "n".

There are several ways to physically realize a hyperbolic plane (or approximation thereof). A particularly well-known paper model based on the pseudosphere is due to William Thurston. The art of crochet has been used to demonstrate hyperbolic planes with the first being made by Daina Taimina. In 2000, Keith Henderson demonstrated a quick-to-make paper model dubbed the "hyperbolic soccerball".



Parallel postulate

In geometry the parallel postulate is one of the axioms of Euclidean geometry. Sometimes it is also called Euclid's fifth postulate, because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid's Elements.

The postulate says that: 

"If you cut a line segment with two lines, and the two interior angles the lines form add up to less than 180°, then the two lines will eventually meet if you extend them long enough."

The field of geometry which follows all of Euclid's axioms is called Euclidean geometry. Geometries which do not follow all of Euclid's axioms are called non-Euclidean geometry.

Some mathematicians thought that Euclid's fifth postulate was much longer and more complicated than the other four postulates. 

Many of them thought that it could be proven from the other simpler axioms. Those who tried to do it included Omar Khayyám, and later Giovanni Gerolamo Saccheri, John Wallis, Lambert, and Legendre. Some mathematicians announced that they had proven the proposition from the simpler propositions, but they all turned out to be mistaken.

Another more recent proposition known as "Playfair's axiom" is similar to Euclid's fifth postulate. It says that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you can only draw one straight line through this point that will not meet the other straight line."

In fact, mathematicians found out that this axiom is not only similar to Euclid's fifth postulate, but has exactly the same implications. Mathematically, the two propositions are called 'equivalent' propositions. Today Playfair's axiom is used more often by mathematicians than Euclid's original parallel postulate.

Eventually some mathematicians tried to build new geometries without using the axiom. One kind of Non-Euclidean geometry is called elliptic geometry. In elliptic geometry the parallel postulate is replaced by an axiom that states that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you cannot draw a straight line through this point that will not eventually cross the other straight line."

Mathematicians found that when they replaced Euclid's fifth postulate with this axiom, they were still able to prove many of Euclid's other theorems. One way to imagine elliptic geometry is by thinking of the surface of a globe. On a globe, lines of longitude appear to be parallel at the equator, but they all meet at the poles. Late in the 19th century, elliptic geometry was shown to be consistent. This proved that Euclid's fifth postulate was not independent of the other postulates. After this, mathematicians mostly stopped trying to prove the fifth postulate from the other four postulates. Instead, many mathematicians began studying other geometries that do not follow Euclid's fifth postulate.

Another axiom mathematicians sometimes replace Euclid's fifth axiom with says that:

"Given a straight line and a point not on this line, you can draw at least two straight lines through this point that will not eventually cross the other straight line."

This is called "hyperbolic geometry".

Another geometry simply removes Euclid's fifth postulate and does not replace it with anything. This is called "neutral geometry" or "absolute geometry".

City of London School

The City of London School (CLS) is a private school for boys, aged 10 to 18, next to the River Thames in the City of London. It was established in 1442. It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls (a girls' school within the City) and of the City of London Freemen's School (a day and boarding school in Surrey). Most boys enter the school at 11 and fewer enter at 10 and 13. There is a small intake at 16 into the sixth form.

Pedro Antonio de Alarcón

Pedro Antonio de Alarcón (10 March 1833 – 19 July 1891) was a Spanish writer. He was born in Guadix, near Granada. He was a 19th century novelist. He gained his first literary recognition with "A Witness' Diary of the African War (1859-1860)", a patriotic account of the campaign.

Bobby Moore

Robert Frederick Chelsea "Bobby" Moore (12 April 1941 – 24 February 1993) was an English former footballer. He was best known for playing for West Ham United and England national team. He was the captain of England when they won the World Cup in 1966. He played 108 games for England between 1962 and 1973. When he retired, this was a national record. Only Peter Shilton and David Beckham have since played more games for England. He is regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time. He died of colorectal cancer in Wandsworth, London.

West Ham United

Eastern AA

England


Wat Tyler

Wat Tyler (4 January 1341 – 15 June 1381) was the leader of the English Peasant's Revolt of 1381. He died on 15 June 1381 at the meeting at Smithfield with the fourteen year old King Richard II. First, he was hit by William Walworth, mayor of London, and then one of the king's squires stabbed him in the stomach, killing him.

San Juan Province (Dominican Republic)

San Juan is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country. Its capital city is San Juan de la Maguana.

The province is named after its capital city, San Juan de la Maguana. San Juan is short for San Juan Bautista ("Saint John the Baptist").

Since colonial times, the territory was part of Azua province until the dictator, Rafael Trujillo, made this province in 1938 with the name Benefactor with the municipalities of Las Matas de Farfán y El Cercado. Bohechío was made a municipality in 1974, Vallejuelo in 1978 and Juan de Herrera in 1992.

In 1998, Matayaya became a municipal district; Pedro Corto in 2000; Sabaneta, Arroyo Cano and Yaque in 2004; Carrera de Yeguas, Sabana Alta, El Rosario, Hato del Padre, Guanito, La Jagua, Derrumbadero and Batista in 2005; Las Maguanas-Hato Nuevo, Las Charcas de María Nova, Jinova and Jorjillo in 2006; and Las Zanjas in 2007.

The San Juan province has Santiago Rodríguez and Santiago provinces to the north, Azua province (and a short part of La Vega) to the east, Baoruco province to the south and Elías Piña province to the west.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San Juan province, and 139,620 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 11th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 226,484 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Juan de la Maguana, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 71,494 inhabitants.

The San Juan province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 1st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San Juan de la Maguana, is above sea level.

The "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain chain") is in the northern part of the province, and the "Sierra de Neiba" runs across the southern half. The area between those two mountain ranges is the San Juan valley, which the Taínos call "Maguana", meaning "small valley".

The highest mountain in the province is "Pico Duarte", with 3,087 m. It is the highest mountain in the West Indies and is on the border with Santiago province.

The main rivers of the province are the San Juan and Yaque del Sur rivers.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 17 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are rice, maize, peanut, sorghum and beans.

San Luis Rey River

The San Luis Rey River is a river in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. It begins in the Cleveland National Forest, near a mountain called Palomar Mountain, in several forks. It flows south into a reservoir, called "Lake Henshaw". It then turns west and flows to its mouth at the Pacific Ocean. Altogether, it is about long. Its watershed covers an area of 562 square miles. The lower part of the river is polluted, but the water in the upper part of the river can be used for drinking water.


Forth Rail Bridge

The Forth Rail Bridge is more correctly called the Forth Bridge, but the title is to distinguish it from the nearby Forth Road Bridge). It is a railway bridge across the Firth of Forth (part of the River Forth) in Scotland.

The bridge is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Built in 1890, it is a cantilever bridge design, with three major sections, each about long, connecting to each other. The bridge is long, and is above the water. It carries about 190-200 trains every day.

More than 55,000 tons of steel were used, as well as 18,122 m³ of granite and over eight million rivets. The bridge has a speed limit of 50 mph (80 km/h) for passenger trains and 20 mph (32 km/h) for freight trains. The weight limit for any train on the bridge is 1,422 tonnes (1,442,000 kg). Approximately 4,600 workers were employed in construction of the bridge.



New River

The New River is a north-flowing river that flows from Mexico into southern California.
The New River flows north 15 miles (25 km) through Mexico and another 66 miles (100 km) through California into the Salton Sea, the largest lake in California. It is one of the most polluted rivers in the United States.

Gravitational wave

Gravitational waves are ripples in spacetime which are created whenever objects with mass move. They were predicted by Albert Einstein in 1916 on the basis of his theory of general relativity. They were first directly detected on 14 September 2015.

To make gravity waves strong enough to be detected, something very massive must accelerate very fast. Sources of detectable gravitational waves include binary star systems composed of white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes. 

In physics, gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime that travel outward from the source. Albert Einstein predicted them in 1916 on the basis of his theory of general relativity. In theory, gravitational waves transport energy as gravitational radiation. 

In general relativity, gravitational waves cannot travel faster than the speed of light. They do not exist in the Newtonian theory of gravitation, in which physical interactions propagate at infinite speed. However, the detection of gravitational waves proves the last prediction of Einstein’s general theory of relativity.

In 1993, the Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded for measurements of the Hulse-Taylor binary star system that suggests gravitational waves are more than mathematical anomalies.

Gravitational waves have been detected from the collision and merging of two neutron stars. The first detection was on 17 August 2017 by a team in Pasadena, California.

The project is run by the LIGO Laboratory at Caltech. The detector is in the huge Livingston woodland in Louisiana. The detector is two two and a half mile (~4 km) long completely straight pipelines at right angles. Inside each pipe is a laser which measures any change in length. Once the gravity wave event was detected, telescopes searched for visual images of the cause. The VISTA telescope in Chile got the image.

The merging happened in a galaxy called NGC 4993. This is about 40 mega parsecs or 130 mega light years away in the direction of the Constellation Hydra. By comparison, the nearby Andromeda Galaxy is only 2.5 million light years from Earth.

Such events, as well as supernovas, are the sources of heavier elements such as gold and platinum.

Silver Street railway station

Silver Street is a railway station in Sterling Way, Edmonton in North London, close to Fore Street.

The next station away from London is Edmonton Green and the next towards London is White Hart Lane. Trains terminate at Liverpool Street station in the City of London.

Rock dove

The rock dove ("Columba livia", also occasionally known as rock pigeon, common pigeon or just the Pigeon) is a member of the bird family Columbidae. Rock doves are now rare in the wild, only found on remote islands and rocky cliffs in the far west and south of Europe east to central Asia. Domesticated birds which have become feral, most often called feral pigeons or simply pigeons, can however be found in cities, towns and villages all over the world, picking up dropped food in streets and parks, and begging food from people. Domesticated pigeons are also kept as poultry for food, and as homing pigeons, for the sport of pigeon racing.

The wild rock dove is very distinct, with a light grey back and body with two black stripes on its wings, and a dark blue-grey head with shiny feathers on the side of the neck which reflect green and purple light. Domesticated birds are much more variable, with a wide range of colours, including white, pink, and brown not seen in wild birds.

Rock doves have been domesticated for several thousand years, giving rise to the domestic pigeon ("Columba livia domestica"). They have been domesticated as long as 5,000 years ago. There are many breeds of pigeons, with many sizes and colours. Domesticated pigeons are used as homing pigeons as well as food and pets. They were in the past also used as carrier pigeons.

Many domestic birds have got lost, escaped or been released over the years and have been made feral pigeons. These show a variety of colour and size, but many have the same pattern as does the rock dove. Feral pigeons are found in cities and towns all over the world. The rareness of the wild species is somewhat due to breeding with feral birds.

Twelfth Night

Twelfth Night, Or What You Will is a play written by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy.

Orsino, the Duke of lllyria, is in love with the Countess Olivia. She has not dated any men for seven years because of the death of her brother, so she turns him down. Meanwhile, Viola was shipwrecked in Illyria but she has been rescued by a captain. She has lost her twin brother, Sebastian. She dresses herself as a boy and uses the name Cesario, so she can get work as a page for Orsino. As Orsino's page, Viola is sent to Olivia with love letters. Viola finds out, to her dismay, that Olivia has fallen for her (as a boy) rather than Duke Orsino. Also, Viola has already fallen in love with the Duke.

Sebastian (Viola's twin, thought to be dead) comes ashore in Illyria. He thinks Viola has drowned in the shipwreck. A man named Antonio has rescued him from the surf; at some risk to himself, because Antonio fought against the Duke at one time. Meanwhile, in Olivia's house, Sir Toby Belch (her cousin) has tricked Sir Andrew Aguecheek into supporting him, by convincing him that he could be a suitor for Olivia. So with the help of Maria, Olivia's maid, and Feste, a clown, Belch plots to make a fool of the steward. Maria writes a love letter to Malvolio that will make him think Olivia has fallen for him. Malvolio falls for the joke and dresses crazily as the letter says to. Not knowing it is a joke, the Countess is horrified and has Malvolio locked away as a madman. 

Belch tries to get Sir Andrew to fight a duel with Viola's "Cesario" character as she leaves but Olivia has a crush on Cesario. Viola and Sir Andrew prepare for a duel that neither one wants. Antonio intervenes to defend Cesario, because he thinks he is his friend Sebastian, and is arrested for piracy against Orsino. Olivia has become engaged to Sebastian. Viola still does not recognize Antonio. Later, Belch and Sir Andrew talk to Sebastian, who does not back down from Aguecheek when challenged and beats him in the duel. Meanwhile, Olivia has met and become engaged to Sebastian.

Antonio is brought before the Duke for questioning, and Viola tells all about the duel. Antonio tells everyone how he dragged "this man" from the surf, saving his life. Then Olivia comes in, searching for her new husband, which she thinks is Viola. Adding to this confusion, Belch and Aguecheek enter claiming that Viola/Cesario has violently assaulted them. In the midst of Viola's denials, Sebastian shows up. The brother and sister recognize one another and are reunited. Sebastian helps to explain the confusion over who fought and married who. 

In the end, Orsino and Viola are in love. Olivia and Sebastian are happily wed, and Olivia fusses at Belch and Maria for their abuse of Malvolio, who vows to get even. Belch agrees to wed Maria to make up for getting her in trouble. Everyone, except unhappy Malvolio, lives happily ever after. Orsino welcomes Olivia and Sebastian and he now realises he is attracted to Cesario. He promises to marry her as soon as she is dressed as a woman again.

Hinckley

Hinckley is a town in the Leicestershire.

Quokka

The quokka ("Setonix brachyurus") is a small marsupial about the size of a large cat. Like other animals in the macropod family, such as kangaroos and wallabies, the quokka eats grass and small plants, and is mainly nocturnal. It lives on some small islands off the coast of Western Australia, mainly on Rottnest Island near Perth, and Bald Island near Albany. A small number live on the main land in the protected area of Two Peoples Bay, which they share with Gilbert's Potoroo. The quokka is the only member of the genus "Setonix".

The quokka weighs between and . It is around long with a tail. This is short for a macropod. It has a solid build, rounded ears, and a short, broad head. It looks like a very small, fat kangaroo, but it can climb small trees and shrubs. It has rough fur which is a brown colour, fading to pale brown underneath. The quokka eats a small amount of its waste products.
It is about the size of a domestic cat.

The quokka is a social animal and lives in large groups. They eat grass, sedges, succulents and leaves. They can become very sick if fed with things like bread, given to them by visitors to Rottnest Island. Visitors are now told not to feed them. Quokkas breed at any time on the mainland, but in late summer on Rottnest. The female quokka has two babies (called "joeys") in a year.

The quokka moves in the same way as a kangaroo, using both small and large hops.

Quokkas are not scared of people, so you are able to get quite close to them, particularly on Rottnest Island. It is against the law on Rottnest Island to handle or touch the animals in any way. A A$100 fine can be given by the Rottnest Island Authority for picking up a quokka. People can even be taken to court and get a fine of up to $1000. These fines have been used in some unusual cases where quokka have been hurt or killed by visitors to Rottnest.

There are a lot of quokkas living on the small offshore islands, because this is only a small area they are listed as vulnerable. On the mainland, they are attacked by dingoes, as well as introduced animals like foxes, dogs and cats. They also need thick ground cover for shelter. Farming has cleared much of the land which is another reason the species is threatened.

The quokka was one of the first Australian mammals seen by Europens. The Dutch sailor, Samuel Volckertzoon wrote about seeing a "a wild cat" on Rottnest Island in 1658. In 1696, Willem de Vlamingh thought they were rats and named the island "Rottenest", Dutch for "rat nest".

The word "quokka" is comes from a Nyungar word, which was probably "gwaga".

Salzburgerland

Salzburgerland or Salzburg (; ; literally "Salt Fortress"; ), officially "Land Salzburg", (German: "Land Salzburg", "Laund Soizbuerg") is one of the states of Austria. It has and about 546,000 inhabitants (2016). Its capital city is Salzburg.

The last results were:


Total 36 seats.

In the Modern Era Salzburg was an independent state.

Austrian German is the main written language. Austro-Bavarian language is also spoken, especially in the rural areas.

Salzburger Land has six districts, ("Bezirke" or "Gaue"):


Settlements in Salzburgerland with town privileges:



A Mathematician's Apology

A Mathematician's Apology is a book about mathematics which was written in 1940.

It was written by a British mathematician called G. H. Hardy (1877—1947). He used the essay to try to justify spending his life working on mathematics. It is said he wrote it for two reasons:


White Hart Lane railway station

White Hart Lane station in Tottenham, (London) was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway. The station opened on 22 July 1872. It is now operated by London Overground. It is in London Travelcard Zone 3. It is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines.

It is close to the football ground belonging to Tottenham Hotspur F.C..

Bruce Grove railway station

Bruce Grove railway station in Tottenham was originally a station on the Stoke Newington & Edmonton Railway. It opened on 22 July 1872 .

It is not far from Bruce Castle.

Clapham Junction (disambiguation)

Clapham Junction may mean:

Public transport in Enfield

Public transport in the London Borough of Enfield, which is northeast of the centre of London, is a mix of National Rail, London Underground and London Buses services. The group that is responsible for transport here is Transport for London. The local authority is Enfield London Borough Council. 

The following railway stations are in the borough of Enfield.

List of London railway stations

This list, by their present names, of heavy rail passenger stations in the Greater London region excludes stations served only by the London Underground, Tramlink and Docklands Light Railway systems.

Other station lists for the area (whose limits are a matter of debate, see this article's Talk) are:
For simplicity only major place names and lines are given, to help locate the stations. A line listed may neither serve passengers nor access platforms. Two lines are given for a station only if they do not connect and are not essentially collinear. Each station's linked article gives more detailed information, including services.

Repeated links (overlinkage) in this, a list, allows finding linked articles and expanding abbreviations without scrolling searches.

For compactness some abbreviations (e.g. N, S, E, W, M(ain)) are used. Roll over or click to see the full name.

Official names by this site for Blackfriars, Waterloo East and eleven absolute termini (which means "route ends") (not Moorgate) all start with "London". The thirteen are prefixed with asterisks in the list. Programs such as Travel planners require the "London" inconsistently. Queenstown Road is labelled "Queenstown Road (Battersea)" on maps and timetables, though its name is unique within London.



Seven Sisters station

Seven Sisters station is a London Overground and London Underground Victoria Line station in the Seven Sisters area of the London Borough of Haringey, north London. The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.
Seven Sisters lies between Finsbury Park and Tottenham Hale on the Victoria Line and between Stamford Hill and Bruce Grove on the London Overground from Liverpool Street Station. It is a short walk from South Tottenham station on London Overground.

London buses routes 73, 76, 149, 243, 259, 279, 318, 349 and 476 serve the station.


Paw

A paw is the soft foot of a mammal that has claws or nails. A hard foot is called a hoof. Paws are used to pad feet for walking and reduce friction.


Xenu

Scientology teaches that Xenu (pronounced (ZEE-noo)) was the dictator of a galactic confederacy of 76 planets, who was captured and imprisoned on Earth 75 million years ago after bringing billions of his people to Earth, placing them around volcanoes and killing them by using hydrogen bombs. Scientologists believe he is still being kept there these days. Xenu is very important to the beliefs of Scientology because the story of Xenu explains the believed origin of what are known as body thetans from humans. Body thetans are believed to be the essence of Xenu's people that gather around humans and cause them spiritual harm. It is the purpose of auditing within Scientology to remove these thetans from the Scientologist.

The existence of Xenu has been reported by L. Ron Hubbard's writings and by Scientology spokesman Tommy Davis in an interview ABC affiliate KESQ-TV.



Charlotte, Princess Royal

The Princess Charlotte, Princess Royal (Charlotte Augusta Matilda; later Queen Charlotte of Württemberg; 29 September 1766 – 5 October 1828) was the fourth child and oldest daughter of George III of the United Kingdom.She married Frederick of Württemberg on 27 May 1798. Charlotte was the godmother of Victoria of the United Kingdom. She died in 1828.


William IX, Count of Poitiers

William IX (17 August 1153 - April/December 1156) was the eldest son of Henry II of England. He was heir to the throne from his birth to his death in 1156.

Henry the Young King

Henry the Young King (28 February 1155 – near Limoges, France, 11 June 1183) was the junior king to his father Henry II of England. He was crowned king in 1170, but never actually used the power. The meaning of this is that Henry II's territory covered much of northern France as well as England and Ireland. The idea may have been to have an official deputy for legal actions when Henry was in France, and to indicate the succession to the throne. In practice, Young Henry was not interested in government. According to his tutor, William Marshal, he spent his time in France going from one knights' tournament to another.

The boy was married as a child to Marguerite of France (1158–1197), daughter of the French King Louis VII. The intention was political, but it did not work. War came between Henry II and Louis. Henry joined in rebellions directed at his father. A civil war (1173/74) occurred in which Young Henry and his mother, with Scots and French support, fought against Henry II. The king won, just. Young Henry died ten years later, of dysentery. As he died before his father he never achieved power.


Marguerite of France

Marguerite of France was the wife of Henry the Young King. They had one son William b/d 1177. She died in 1197.

Rod cell

Rod cells are one of two types of photoreceptor cells that can be found in the retina of the eyes of humans and other mammals. Rod cells are very sensitive to light. They allow night vision. They are concentrated at the edge of the retina, where they also allow peripheral vision. Scientists in 1992 counted an average of 60 million rod cells per human retina. They counted only 3 million cone cells, the other kind of receptor, which are bigger and perceive color.

Photoreceptor cell

A photoreceptor cell is a specialized nerve cell that is sensitive to certain wavelengths of light. 

Three Gorges Dam

The Three Gorges Dam () is a dam in the Three Gorges region on the Yangtze River in Sandouping, in the country of China. Being one of the largest dams in the world, it also generates the biggest amount of hydroelectric power (22,250 megawatts), pushing the massive Itaipu Dam in Brazil from first place to second place. 

The Three Gorges Dam project was completed on July 4, 2012. The dam was built for flood control, irrigation, and electricity. However, this has not come without problems. The dam covers a lot of historic sites and has caused 1.24 million people to lose their homes under the rising water. The dam forms the Three Gorges Reservoir, which extends nearly upstream to the city of Chongqing.

The dam was proposed by Sun Yat-sen, a Chinese political leader, in 1919. The site was surveyed in 1932 and 1939, by the Chinese and Japanese respectively. The Japanese drew up a plan (the Otani plan) for the dam, only to realize later that China would remain under Chinese control. Later, in 1944, the United States helped make plans for the dam, but all work on the dam stopped in 1947, because of the Chinese Civil War. In 1949, work resumed, but the work was slow because of problems in the economy. Later in 1958, some engineers who were against the dam were put in jail.

In 1980, work on the dam continued faster. The National People's Congress voted in 1992 for the dam. The dam was accepted by the government, and on December 14, 1994, construction began. In 2009, the dam began to make hydroelectricity. Some new plans, such as a set of 6 new power generators under construction, became operational in the year 2011. The reservoir filled to capacity at the end of 2008.

The Three Gorges Dam consists of a main dam wall, and a section on the right with a set of five locks, which are devices used to raise boats and ships. 

The dam cost $180 billion Chinese Yuan Renminbi (about $30 billion USD). While this cost seems huge, it actually was $20 billion yuan (about $3.3 billion USD) less than the original budget of $203.9 billion yuan (about $34 billion USD). However, this cost will be recovered when the dam makes money by making electricity. In about 10 years, the complete cost of the dam will be recovered.

One of the big reasons the dam was built to control floods. It protects large cities like Wuhan, Nanjing, and Shanghai, which are very close to the river. Lots of farms, small villages and towns, and factories are also located near the river. In the event of a flood, there are 22 cubic kilometers (18 million acre feet) of space behind the dam to hold back the flood waters. The flood waters are stored behind the dam for future use. In the dry season, the water is released down the river, and the reservoir level drops to prepare for the next flood. However, the dam does not protect the lower river tributaries from flooding.

Another reason the dam was built was for water navigation, or the transport of people and goods by ship. There are two sets of locks each of which has five stages. Each lock is long, wide, and deep, which is similar in size to the original locks of the Panama Canal, one of the biggest canals in the world. The reservoir behind the dam floods dangerous sections of the river, so boats and ships can go safely and easily. There is also a "ship lift" (an elevator for ships) that can lift ships that weigh up to 3,000 tons.

The Three Gorges Dam generates 22,250 megawatts, which makes it the biggest single hydroelectric power source in the world. It has 34 electricity generators, and 32 are main generators. Each generator is powered by water that comes from the reservoir. Each of these 32 generators makes about 700 megawatts of electricity. (This is more electricity than the entire electricity generation of Glen Canyon Dam, one of the biggest dams in the United States.) The other two generators will make power for the dam itself. These two generators each make 50 megawatts.

Of the 32 main generators, 14 generators are on the north side of the dam. 12 are on the south side of the dam. 6 are in a separate powerhouse under a mountain just south of the dam. The generating capacity of the dam is 10,000 MWh (megawatt-hours), or the amount of megawatts generated per hour. Each main generator weighs a massive 6000 tons (about the same weight as three thousand cars). The water drops from the reservoir to the generator, which uses a type of turbine called a "Francis turbine". Each turbine is wide and tall. The amount of water that goes into the turbine can be from 1,968 cubic feet (600 m) to 3,116 cubic feet (950 m) per second. The turbines turn at a speed of 75 RPM (rotations per minute). The efficiency of the generators is from 94 to 96.5 percent.

The 14 main generators on the north side were installed from 2003 to 2005. The first one to begin making electricity (Generator No.2) started on July 10, 2003. The last one (Generator No.9) started on September 7, 2005. The full power (9,800 megawatts) of the north side generators was first tested on October 18, 2006, when the reservoir had risen to above sea level. The 12 main generators on the south side were installed from 2007 to 2008. The first one to begin making electricity (Generator No.22) started on June 11, 2007. The last one (Generator No.23) started on August 19, 2008.

From its completion to March 2009, the Three Gorges Dam has generated about 296,550,000 MWh (Megawatt-hours) of electricity. 

Three power lines send electricity away from the dam, to three electricity grids called the East, Central, and South China grids.
The dam provides about 3% of China's electricity. However, the dam was originally planned to supply 10% of China's electricity. The reason for the decrease is, China's energy use grew much faster than the designers expected.

Because of reducing electricity needs on fossil fuels like coal and oil, the Three Gorges Dam has saved 31 million tons of coal per year, and prevented:

The dam has also benefited transportation on the river. Because of the locks (devices used to lift ships) installed on the dam, the benefits are:

In response to the dam, many sewage pipes that once dumped sewage straight into the Yangtze River now have to be treated. Over 65 percent of this waste water is now treated before flowing into the reservoir. There are now about 50 water treatment facilities in the area. Also, solid waste is now collected in 32 landfills. They can handle 7,664.5 tons of waste every day.

The dam also persuaded the government of China to think seriously about the pollution in the Yangtze River and the rest of China.

A total of 1.24 million people had to move to different places because their homes were flooded by the dam. This number is about 1.5% of the total population of Hubei Province (60.3 million) and Chongqing City (31.44 million) where the reservoir is located. 140,000 from Hubei Province alone. 
On July 22, 2008, most of the people were safely relocated. 4 million more people will ultimately have to move to Chongqing from their homes near the Three Gorges Dam. 
A large amount of animal habitat has also been destroyed. Many animals with critically low populations have lost their vital habitat. These include the endangered Siberian Crane, the Yangtze river dolphin (baiji), and Yangtze sturgeon. About one billion tons of dirty water flow into the Yangtze River each year. The dam has stopped this dirty water from being washed away to Shanghai, and led to serious pollution problems.
About 1,300 historical sites have been flooded by the Three Gorges reservoir. Many of these historic sites have been moved to safer places. Some historic sites cannot be moved because of their location, size, or design.

The Three Gorges Dam will become much less spectacular, because the water level will rise up to in places, reducing the depth of the canyons. 

A lot of silt (sediment) that is carried by the river has been trapped in the reservoir. Eventually, if the dam is not removed, the reservoir will fill with silt, making it useless. Also, because the river's silt doesn't go downstream anymore, the city of Shanghai will suffer because there has been no silt to replace land that is washed away at the river's mouth. In a high-silt content river like the Yangtze, sediment can clog the dam's outlets, and it cannot release water. The water would back up behind the dam and have nowhere to go, and would eventually go over the dam, making it collapse.

The dam is also a possible target in war, weakening China's national security. It is also possible that the dam sits on a seismic fault.

The Gezhouba Dam (Gezhouba Water Control Project, Chinese: 长江葛洲坝水利枢纽工程) is an afterbay (smaller dam in front) of the Three Gorges Dam. It forms a pool that extends upstream to the base of the Three Gorges Dam, improving navigation. The dam was built from December 30, 1970 to December 10, 1988. The dam is long and up to tall. It generates 2,710 megawatts of electricity. There are three ship locks at the dam. Lock No.2, which is long, wide, and deep, is among the 100 largest in the world.

A series of other dams are also planned upstream, on the Yangtze and Jinsha rivers. About four dams are planned on the stretch of the Yangtze River, and they will produce 38,500 megawatts in total. Eight dams are planned on the Jinsha River, and eight more upstream of it, and one original plan called for a dam in the Tiger Leaping Gorge, one of the deepest river canyons in the world. This plan was, however, scrapped in December 21, 2007, because of the gorge's status as a World Heritage site.

Ericaceae

Ericaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Ericales. Plants of this family grow both in Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere. The common English name of Ericaceae is the "heath family".
Many plants of Ericaceae are shrubs, but there are also trees and herbs.

There are about 120 genera and about 4000 species in this family.

Many plants of Ericaceae are evergreen plants with small flowers in the shape of bells or tube. The color of flowers may be white, pink, red, violet, rarely yellow. It may be interest plants for gardens.

Fruits of some species are edible.

Some plants of Ericaceae have a poison in all their parts.
The genus "Epacris" was treated in a separate family, Epacridaceae, but "Epacris" is now in this family.



Alternation of generations

The term alternation of generations is used to describe an alternation of forms in the life cycle of plants (and some protists). 

One form is diploid, with 2"n" chromosomes: the sporophyte. The other form is haploid with only one set of chromosomes: the gametophyte. Both forms are multicellular.

In sexual reproduction, organisms have a haploid phase with one set of chromosomes and a diploid phase with two sets of chromosomes. In animals the body (soma) is usually diploid, while the haploid stage is only the gametes. 

In eukaryotes an alternation of generations may occur. This means that both the diploid and the haploid phases are multi-cellular organisms. The classic example is the mosses, where the green plant is a haploid gametophyte, and the reproductive phase is the diploid sporophyte. The two forms often occur "together", as shown in the illustration on the right
The term "alternation of generations" refers only to the sexual cycle: organisms may have asexual reproduction as well. The term should not be confused with life cycle stages in animals, which may "look" very different, but where all cells have two sets of chromosomes.

The alternation of generations is an important concept in the evolution of plants. All land plants have alternation of generations.

In mosses and their relatives (Bryophytes), the haploid gametophyte is the dominant generation, and the diploid sporophytes are sporangium-bearing stalks growing from the gametophytes. In ferns, the diploid sporophyte is much larger, and the haploid gametophyte is a little plant that can grow for a long time.

For flowering plants ("Angiosperms"), the sporophyte generation is almost the whole life cycle (the green plant, roots etc.) except the small reproductive structures (pollen and ovule).

The sporophyte produces spores (hence the name), by meiosis. These develop into a gametophyte. Both the spores and the resulting gametophyte are haploid, meaning they have half as many chromosomes. Later, the mature gametophyte produces male or female gametes (or both) by mitosis. The fusion of male and female gametes (fertilization) produces a diploid zygote which develops into a new sporophyte. This is the cycle which is known as alternation of generations or alternation of phases.

In the landmark work "Variation and evolution in plants", Stebbins discussed how alternation of generations related to the overall evolution of plants. He began:

Later Stebbins comments:
The point is that, in diploids, new alleles are sheltered and (collectively) they are a reservoir of potential variation in the population.

Most algae have dominant gametophyte generations, but in some species the gametophytes and sporophytes are morphologically similar (isomorphic).

Bryophytes (mosses, liverworts and hornworts) have a dominant gametophyte stage on which the adult sporophyte is dependent on the gametophyte for nutrition. The sporophyte develops from the zygote inside the female sex organ, so its early development is nurtured by the gametophyte.

An independent sporophyte is the dominant form in all clubmosses, horsetails, ferns, gymnosperms, and angiosperms (flowering plants) that have survived to the present day.

Early land plants had sporophytes that produced identical spores: they looked the same whichever sex they developed into. The ancestors of the gymnosperms evolved complex heterosporous life cycles: the spores producing male and female gametophytes were of different sizes. The female "megaspores" tending to be larger, and fewer in number, than the male "microspores".

During the Devonian, several plant groups independently evolved "heterospory" and later "endospory", in which single megaspores were kept inside the sporangia of the parent sporophyte. These endosporic megaspores had a miniature multicellular female gametophyte with female sex organs and egg cells. The ova were fertilised by free-swimming sperm produced by windborne miniaturised male gametophytes in the form of pre-pollen.

The resulting zygote developed into the next sporophyte generation while still inside the single large female megaspore in the sporangium of the parent sporophyte. The evolution of heterospory and endospory was among the earliest steps in the evolution of seeds of the kind produced by gymnosperms and angiosperms.

Some Chromalveolata, some fungi and some slime moulds have what seems to be genuine alternation of generations. These groups include such a wide range of different types that it is difficult to say how common the phenomenon is. Certainly slime moulds are not a monophyletic group, and that may be true of the other two groups,

Alternation of generations between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation does not exist in animals.

In some animals, there is a life cycle with different diploid stages. This has sometimes mistakenly been called "alternation of generations", but is quite different from what happens in plants and some protists. The most common case is that there are two distinct generations, where only one has sexual reproduction. Animals where it has been found include the Cnidaria and the Tunicates. The images on the right show the case of jellyfish: The medusa looks different from the polyp; they are different phenotypes. Only the medusa reproduces sexually.

Other animals with life cycle forms include parasites such as certain flukes, which live in different snails for one part of their life, and in vertebrates for another part.

In some cases, the cycle includes more than two generations. If this is the case, only one stage uses sexual reproduction. In aphids, for example, there is one generation that reproduces sexually, and up to forty that use parthenogenesis, a type of asexual reproduction.

John of Gaunt

John of Gaunt (John Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Aquitaine, 6 March 1340 – 3 February 1399) was a member of the House of Plantagenet, who ruled England for over 300 years. Gaunt was the third surviving son of Edward III and Philippa of Hainault. He was the father of Henry IV.

Gaunt was a younger brother of Edward, the Black Prince. He had great influence over the English throne during the childhood of his nephew, Richard II, and during the ensuing periods of political strife. He is not thought to have been an opponent of the king.

John of Gaunt's legitimate male heirs, the Lancasters, included Kings Henry IV, Henry V, and Henry VI. His other legitimate children included, by his first wife Blanche, his daughters Philippa of Portugal and Elizabeth, Duchess of Exeter; and by his second wife Constance, his daughter Queen Catherine of Castile.

John fathered five children outside marriage, one early in life by a lady-in-waiting to his mother, and four by Katherine Swynford, Gaunt's long-term mistress and third wife. These were surnamed Beaufort (after a former French possession of the Duke). The Beaufort children, three sons and a daughter, were legitimised by royal and papal decrees after John and Katherine married in 1396. Their half-brother Henry IV added a later proviso that they were barred from inheriting the throne.

Descendants of this marriage included Henry Beaufort, Bishop of Winchester and eventually cardinal; Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmorland, grandmother of Kings Edward IV and Richard III; John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset, the great-grandfather of King Henry VII; and Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots, from whom are descended, beginning in 1437, all subsequent sovereigns of Scotland, and successively, from 1603 on, the sovereigns of England, of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the United Kingdom to the present day. The three succeeding houses of English sovereigns from 1399 — the Houses of Lancaster, York and Tudor — were descended from John through Henry Bolingbroke, Joan Beaufort and John Beaufort, respectively.

Lancaster's eldest son and heir, Henry Bolingbroke, Duke of Hereford, was exiled for ten years by King Richard II in 1398 as resolution to a dispute between Hereford and Thomas de Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk.

When John of Gaunt died in 1399, his estates and titles were declared forfeit to the crown as King Richard II named Hereford a traitor and commuted his sentence to exile for life. Henry Bolingbroke returned from exile to reclaim his inheritance and depose Richard. Bolingbroke then reigned as King Henry IV of England (1399–1413), the first of the descendants of John of Gaunt to hold the throne of England.

Due to some generous land grants, John was not only one of the richest men in his era, but also one of the wealthiest men to have ever lived. Taking into account inflation rates, John was worth a modern equivalent of $110 billion, making him the sixteenth richest man in history.

Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York

Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York (5 June 1341 – 1 August 1402) was a younger son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault. He was an ancestor of the House of York. He died in 1402.

Guinea (coin)

A guinea is a coin that was minted in the Kingdom of England between 1663 and 1813. It is not used any more. The gold used to mint the first guineas was mined in the region of the same name in Africa.

Although guinea coins had not been made for a long time, prices often continued to be shown in guineas until British prices became decimal in 1971. A guinea was worth £1,1s (one pound and one shilling). This is the same as £1.05 in modern money.

Because a guinea was close to a pound, putting prices in guineas made the price seem less. A price of 39 guineas might look like "about £39". In fact it is nearly £41. Prices in guineas were traditionally used for luxury goods before decimalisation. Savile Row tailors, bespoke boot makers, fine jewellers, and expensive motorcars were always priced in guineas.

Guineas are still used as the currency in the United Kingdom in the purchasing of Cows and horses at bloodstock sales, such as foals,etc.

Muntjac

A muntjac is any small deer that genus "Muntiacus". 
Muntjacs may be the oldest known deer, appearing 15-35 million years ago, with remains found in Miocene deposits in France and Germany.

This genus is native to Southeast Asia and can be found in India and Sri Lanka to southern China, Taiwan, Japan and Indonesian islands.

Two species were originally recognised: the barking deer is "Muntiacus vaginalis" and Reeves's muntjac is "Muntiacus reevesi". More recently, ten more species have been recognised, all from Asia.

Chorale

A chorale (pronounce: "Ko-RAHL") is a hymn which is sung in a Lutheran church by all the people. Chorales developed during the late Renaissance and early Baroque period. Most of them were written at that time.

Martin Luther thought that the congregation (people worshipping in church) should have music to sing that was not too difficult. He thought that the words should be in German instead of Latin so that everybody would understand what they were singing about. Luther wrote the words of many chorales himself. He even composed some of melodies himself, such as "Ein' feste Burg" ("A Mighty Fortress"). Sometimes he used the traditional Gregorian Chant melodies from the Catholic worship and added new German words to it, for example "Christ lag in Todesbanden" ("Christ lay in Death's Dark Bonds").

The words of a chorale have a rhyming pattern. Most of the melodies have an AAB shape (the melody of the first part sung twice, then the second part). This shape is called "Bar form" in German.

Johann Sebastian Bach used many chorale tunes, usually adding harmony of his own. He used these in his cantatas. Many of these chorales in four-part harmonies are sung as hymns today in German Protestant churches, and some of the tunes are used in English-speaking countries as well.

Chorale tunes also appear in chorale preludes, pieces for the organ. These would usually have been played during the church services before the chorale was sung.
Chorales were used by many later composers in their compositions, e.g. Felix Mendelssohn, Anton Bruckner and Max Reger.


Heathers

Heathers is a 1989 American black comedy teen movie starring Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, and Shannen Doherty. The movie is about a group of four girls in a high school in Sherwood, Ohio. The girls, three of whom are named Heather, rule the school as they are the prettiest and most popular girls in town.

"Heathers" won awards for its director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature. Daniel Waters also won an award for his screenplay, which won a 1990 Edgar Award. The movie was a U.S. box office failure, but has since become a cult classic, as is shown by its high sales and rentals on DVD and VHS. In 2006, it was ranked #5 on "Entertainment Weekly's" list of the "50 Best High School Movies".

In 2014, Laurence O’Keefe and Kevin Murphy made a musical called that was based on the movie. 

In 2018, Paramount Pictures made a tv show called Heathers based on the original movie. 


Mariano Pernía

Mariano Andrés Pernía Molina (born 4 May 1977) is an Argentine-Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back and current race car driver.

After retiring from football, like his father and brother Leonel, Mariano began to compete in motorsports. He has competed mainly in Turismo Nacional but also in TC2000 and Super TC2000.

After retiring from football, like his father and brother Leonel, Mariano began to compete in motorsports. He has competed mainly in Turismo Nacional but also in TC2000 and Super TC2000.

46||2||colspan="2"|-||0||0||46||2
211||17||10||1||14||1||235||19
257||19||10||1||14||1||281||21

!Total||11||1

Carlos Marchena

Carlos Marchena (born 31 July 1979) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia and Spain national team.

273||7
20||2
293||9

!Total||69||2

David Albelda

David Albelda (born 1 September 1977) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia.

336||7||13||0||74||2||423||9
336||7||13||0||74||2||423||9

!Total||51||0

Xavi

Xavier Hernández Creus (born 25 January 1980), known as Xavi, is a Spanish manager and former footballer. He is currently the manager of FC Barcelona in La Liga. After completing his career, Xavi switched to coaching, and in May 2019 he was appointed head coach of the Qatari club Al-Sadd. In November 2021, Xavi was appointed coach of his former club Barcelona.

Xavi was known as one of the best midfielders of the world and as one of the best Spanish players of all time.

!Total||82||8

José Antonio Reyes

José Antonio Reyes Calderón (1 September 1983 – 1 June 2019) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played mainly as a left winger but also as a forward.

On 1 June 2019, Reyes was killed in a car crash in Utrera, Spain at the age of 35.

116||28||11||3||4||1||131||32
69||16||17||5||24||2||110||23
24||4||1||0||5||1||30||5
209||48||29||8||33||4||271||60

!Total||21||4

Antonio López Guerrero

Antonio López Guerrero (born 13 September 1981) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

237||11
237||11

!Total||16||1

Andrés Iniesta

Andrés Iniesta (born 11 May 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Barcelona and the Spanish national team. He is known for scoring the 2010 FIFA World Cup winning goal against the Netherlands in the 116th minute of extra time. He is regarded as one of the greatest midfielder of all time.

337||33||55||6||101||10||495||49
337||33||55||6||101||10||495||49

!Total||102||12

Sergio Ramos

Sergio Ramos García (; born 30 March 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Paris Saint-Germain and the Spain national team.


Notes

Juan Gutiérrez Moreno

Juan Gutiérrez Moreno (born 23 July 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

291||20
291||20

!Total||25||3

David Villa

David Villa Sánchez (born 3 December 1981) is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a striker. He last played for Vissel Kobe of the J1 League. Best known for his ability to understand, and control the game, he was considered to be one of the best strikers of his generation. 

Villa also played for the Spanish national team from 2005 to 2017. 

Source:

Pablo Ibáñez

Pablo Ibáñez (born 3 August 1981) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Atlético Madrid.

223||11
223||11

!Total||23||0

José Manuel Reina

José Manuel Reina (born 31 August 1982) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Liverpool and Spain national team.

139||0||8||0||colspan="2"|-||49||0||196||0
136||0||7||0||1||0||50||0||194||0
275||0||15||0||1||0||99||0||390||0

!Total||19||0

Plate block

A plate block is a block of postage stamps that includes the part of the sheet margin with the serial number of the printing plate(s) used to print the stamps.

Sometimes the plate numbers appear in the stamps themselves, but the more common practice is to include the number in the margin of each sheet, frequently alongside the name of the printer.


Singapore Chinese Orchestra

The Singapore Chinese Orchestra (SCO) is Singapore’s only professional Chinese orchestra.

As the main one of local performing arts groups, the SCO has the patronage of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. It is located at the Singapore Conference Hall since 2001 after the revamp of the building. Under the baton of music director Sheng Hui, the 70-strong orchestra aspires to introduce Chinese orchestral music to an ever-broadening audience. It is now currently led by Quek Ling Kiong, Principal Conductor, together with Tsung Yeh, Conductor Emeritus and Mr Moses Gay, Associate Conductor

Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Alfred Ernest Albert; 6 August 1844 – 30 July 1900) was the third Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha between 1893 and 1900. He was the second son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. He died of throat cancer in Coburg, Germany in 1900 age 55 he died six days before his 56 th birthday his wife Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia out lived him by 20 years dying age 67 eight days after her 67 th birthday on 24 October 1920 the only child of Tsar Alexander II to survive the Russian Revolution died in her sleep from a heart attack .

Hillsborough disaster

The Hillsborough disaster happened on 15 April 1989. It happened at the Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. A stampede of people in the stadiums caused the deaths of 97 people (all Liverpool supporters). Another 766 people were injured. It happened during the FA Cup semi-final match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest football clubs.

After the disaster, it was believed to be caused by the football fans. However, this turned out not to be true. A later investigation saw that the police were to blame. Ambulances were not able to reach the pitch where the stampede happened, which helped increase the number of people who died. There is a memorial at Hillsborough Stadium in memory of the people who died.

It is the worst disaster in British sporting history.

The newspaper "The Sun" made an untrue headline, days after the disaster. In February 2017, Liverpool F.C. put a ban on "The Sun" journalists from entering their grounds in response to the coverage of Hillsborough by the newspaper.

Hillsborough Stadium

Hillsborough Stadium is the home of Sheffield Wednesday Football Club in Sheffield, England. It was opened on 2 September 1899. It is now a 39,814 capacity all-seater stadium. A lot of the seats are covered. It is in the Sheffield suburb of Owlerton. It takes its name from the parliamentary constituency in which it is.

On 15 April 1989, the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time. 94 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during an FA Cup semi-final. This was called the Hillsborough disaster. The final death toll was 96. This meant that extra security measures were added there and in other stadiums around the country.

Liverpool Street station

Liverpool Street station, also known as London Liverpool Street, is a major railway station in the City of London. It is the southern terminus of the Great Eastern Main Line (GEML), and is connected to a London Underground station of the same name. 

Liverpool Street the main departure point from London to the East of England. It serves those places not served by the East Coast Main Line from King's Cross. It has commuter service to parts of East London and Essex, such as Chelmsford, Clacton-on-Sea, Witham and Norwich. It serves the London Stansted Airport via the Stansted Express. 

It is one of the busiest stations in the United Kingdom, the third busiest in London after Waterloo and Victoria. Over 123 million people use the station each year. It is one of 17 managed by Network Rail. The station has exits to Bishopsgate, Liverpool Street and the Broadgate development. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.



Floriana F.C.

Floriana F.C. is an association football team from Malta.

Testimonial match

A testimonial match is an exhibition game played to raise money for a player who has been with a club for a long time.

World record

A world record is usually the best global and most important performance of a certain skill, sport, or other activity. The book "Guinness World Records" and other world records organizations collect and publish many world records. One of them is the World Records Union that is the unique world records register organization recognized by the Council of the Notariats of the European Union.

George V of Hanover

George V (George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus; 27 May 1819–12 June 1878) was the last King of Hanover and a member of the German branch of the House of Hanover.He was a grandson of George III of the United Kingdom and son of Ernest Augustus, King of Hanover. George V was a cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.

George married, on 18 February 1843, at Hanover, Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg, the eldest daughter of Joseph, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg, by his wife, Duchess Amelia of Württemberg. They had three children.


Ubuntu-restricted-extras

ubuntu-restricted-extras is a package for Ubuntu, that allows the user to install most of the essential restricted software, due to legal, or copyright reasons.
It is a meta-package that installs, among other things:

Ubuntu-restricted-extras is already included in distros like Super OS



Elizabeth Woodville

Elizabeth Woodville (Also known by Elizabeth Wydeville) was the wife of King Edward IV of England. She was the mother of King Edward V of England. She was also the mother of Elizabeth of York, the queen consort of King Henry VII of England.

Elizabeth was born some time around the year 1437, at Grafton Regis, Northamptonshire. Her parents were Sir Richard Woodville and his wife, Jacquetta of Luxembourg, a foreign noblewoman who had first been married to the Duke of Bedford. After her first husband died, Jacquetta fell in love with Sir Richard, who was not very rich or important even though he was a knight. Jacquetta's friends and family felt that it was an unsuitable marriage and that he was not good enough for her. They had fourteen children altogether.

When Elizabeth first met Edward, she was a widow. Elizabeth and her first husband, Lord Grey, had two sons, Thomas and Richard. Then Lord Grey was killed in battle, fighting on the opposite side to King Edward. Because she was a widow who already had children, and because her family had supported King Edward's enemies, she was thought to be an unsuitable wife for the king. Elizabeth and Edward were married in secret, because the king did not want to quarrel with his great friend the Earl of Warwick, who wanted Edward to marry a princess. At the time of their marriage, Edward was 22 and Elizabeth a few years older.

When the Earl of Warwick discovered that the young king had married Elizabeth without his permission, he was furious. Although he was forced to accept the marriage, he became angry at the way Elizabeth's family grew powerful as a result of her becoming queen. A few years later, he turned against Edward and tried to put his rival, King Henry VI of England, back on the throne. While Edward was fighting to get his throne back, Elizabeth went to Westminster Abbey to find sanctuary; this meant that, because the abbey was a holy place, she could not be captured by her enemies as long as she remained there. While there, she gave birth to her first son, who was named Edward after his father. After a while, her husband returned and rescued her and her children, defeating the Earl of Warwick in battle and killing him.

Elizabeth and Edward had ten children altogether. Their eldest son, Edward, should have become king when his father died. However, King Edward died suddenly, and his own younger brother, Richard, Duke of Gloucester, snatched the throne. Richard hated the Woodville family, and killed Elizabeth's brother Anthony, who had been the guardian of her son Edward. Both Edward and Elizabeth's younger son, Richard, were placed in the Tower of London (which was then a royal palace). After a few months, they disappeared, and it was thought that King Richard had killed them. This rumour made the new king unpopular with many of his people, and two years later, Henry Tudor took the throne from him in battle and became King Henry VII of England. Henry VII married Elizabeth's eldest daughter, who was also called Elizabeth. Elizabeth Woodville herself died a few years later at Bermondsey Abbey.


Suffolk County Council

Suffolk County Council is the administrative authority for the county of Suffolk, England. It provides many services under the control of elected county councillors. This include education, planning, transport and streets, social services and public safety.


Groundskeeper

A groundskeeper is a person who maintains landscaping, gardens or sporting venues (and their vegetation where appropriate) for appearance and functionality.

Forth Bridge

Forth Bridge is a name used to refer to:



Forth Road Bridge

The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge crossing the Firth of Forth in Scotland. It connects the city of Edinburgh to Fife. The bridge carries cars and pedestrians across the Firth. It was built in 1963. Trains use the nearby Forth Rail Bridge, a historic railroad bridge built in 1890. The bridge was designed by architect Richard Gilbert Scott.

Even though the bridge was built so recently, it has had some serious repairs done. A report into the failure of nine heavy-duty nuts on the Forth Road Bridge said all 1,888 similar nuts on the crossing should be replaced.

All the cable band nuts and bolts were replaced in the late 1990s as part of a large project to replace the hanger ropes. Ten years later, a report found serious defects. Bridge authority FETA investigated when inspectors found the nine cracked nuts. Engineers FaberMaunsell carried out lab tests and a study of similar issues on suspension bridges across the world. The nuts are used to secure 192 'cable bands' to the bridge's main cables.

The report also found workmen had not placed washers correctly. This may have led to uneven pressure on the nuts. The protective coating on the nuts was poor, and allowed moisture to cause damage.

Engineers have now replaced all nuts and bolts which were cracked.

Yankee Stadium

Yankee Stadium is the new baseball stadium of the New York Yankees. It is in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The stadium opened in April 2009. It replaced the original Yankee Stadium, which the Yankees had played in since 1923. It was opened with an exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs on April 3, 2009. The first regular game was played on April 16, 2009.

The new stadium cost $1.5 billion dollars to build. It was the most expensive baseball stadium in the world. It is built to look like the old Yankee Stadium. It has many new and more modern features.
The new stadium has many parts that look similar to the old one when it was first built. This includes the outside walls of the stadium, the color of the seats, and the size of the playing field being the same.

The new stadium has an area known as "Monument Park" behind the center field wall. Monument Park has monuments honoring good Yankee players from past years. Monument Park is open before the game starts.

Another feature is the Great Hall. The Great Hall is a hallway near the entrance of the stadium with a tall roof and many stores and food stands. It also has banners to celebrate the team's history.

The new stadium has more than three times as many suites as the original. A suite is a fancy room with a view of the field where rich people watch the game. There are also many bars and clubs. It has better food than the original stadium.

People can drive to the stadium. There are several garages near it. It is near the New York Thruway in the Bronx. The stadium can also be reached by train, because there is a subway station near it. Trains can often be seen from the stadium.

The stadium is generally seen as being better than its predecessor, but some people dislike it. This mainly because the stadium's high cost has led to very high ticket prices. The high prices meant that there were many empty seats when the stadium first opened, especially behind the batter where tickets can cost up to 2,500 dollars. People have also disliked the stadium for its fan unfriendly practices. For example, fans cannot get autographs from players before the game. The stadium was seen as too expensive for being only a little better than the original. The new stadium also allowed many home runs during its first month, because of the way the wind moves the ball. That made many people call it "too easy".


Citi Field

Citi Field is a major league baseball park in an outer part of New York City in Queens New York, and the home of the New York Mets, since the 2009 MLB season. Citi Field is sponsored by Citi Bank. Construction began in 2006 when the Mets home was still Shea stadium. It replaced Shea Stadium, which was torn down after the 2008 baseball season. The place where the old stadium stood is a parking lot now. The 2013 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was played at Citi Field.

Ideas to build a new ball park in Queens were first discussed in the 1990s. This happened because the Met's then current stadium, Shea Stadium, was growing older and did not have many features found in newer stadiums. The Mets, along with the City of New York made plans to build a new stadium, next to Shea. The project to build the stadium was approved in March 2006, and construction started soon after. The building of the stadium could be seen from Shea, during the 2007 and 2008 baseball season. The new stadium, named Citi Field opened on April 13, 2009.
Citi Field has many interesting and unique attractions. The park has seats for up to 41,000 fans to watch a game. The seats are painted green to look similar to the Polo Grounds- another New York stadium torn down in 1965. Citi Field has a home run Apple in center field. The Apple is not a real apple, rather it is a large plastic apple with the Mets sign on it that rises when a Mets player hits a home run. This is similar to Shea stadium, which also had a home run apple. The foul poles at the stadium are painted orange.

Another part of the stadium is the Jackie Robinson Rotunda. This is the place where most fans enter the stadium, and teaches fans about Jackie Robinson, the first black player in Major League Baseball. Citi Field also has an area called the Pepsi Porch. It is a place where fans can watch the game in the outfield. The first two rows of the porch are over the playing field.
There is also a smaller field behind the centerfield wall where kids can play baseball and other games. The stadium also has a museum to show Mets history and many restaurants, bars, stores, and food stands which surround the field. 

Citi Field has many big parking lots which surround the stadium, allowing fans to bring their car to the game. The Stadium also has a train station with the New York City Subway and Long Island railroad that goes to downtown New York City.

In the years after it opened, the stadium had a few changes. After the 2011 baseball season, the outfield fences were moved closer to the batter, because people thought it was too hard to hit home runs. The fences were also painted blue and orange.



Cabo San Lucas

Cabo San Lucas is a city in Baja California Sur, Mexico. It is often called "Cabo".

Cabo is known for its beaches and scuba diving places. The sea arch "El Arco de Cabo San Lucas" is popular with tourists. There are many resorts along the coast between Cabo San Lucas and San José del Cabo.

Diatomyidae

Diatomyidae is a family of suborder "Hystricomorpha", are rodents found in Asia. It is currently represented by a single known living species, the Laotian rock rat ("Laonastes aenigmamus").

Thom Yorke

Thomas Edward "Thom" Yorke (born 7 October 1968) is an English musician. He is most known for being the lead singer, pianist, and guitarist for the English alternative rock band Radiohead. Radiohead have released nine studio albums. Radiohead first became famous with their single "Creep". In 1997 they released their third album, "OK Computer". It got good reviews. It won Best Alternative Music Performance at the 1998 Grammy Awards.

In 2000 Yorke sung on "I've Seen It All", a song by Björk. It was on the soundtrack to Dancer in the Dark.

He released his first solo album ""The Eraser"" in 2006 on XL Recordings. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 2007. In 2008 Yorke sung on the single "Náttúra" by Björk.

In 2013 he released an album with Atoms for Peace called "Amok".

Yorke lives in Oxford. He has two children, son Noah, born in 2001, and daughter Agnes, born 2004.

Laotian rock rat

The Laotian rock rat or kha-nyou ("Laonastes aenigmamus") is a rodent species of the Khammouan area of Laos, first named in 2005.

Santa Susana Mountains

The Santa Susana Mountains are a mountain range in southern California, in the United States. They are north of the city of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles River; and south of the Santa Clara River. The west part of the mountains is in Ventura County while the east part is in Los Angeles County.

Fakir

A fakir or faqir, is a Sufi who performs feats of endurance or magic. The word comes from "faqr" (), meaning "poverty".

In English, the word is often used for Sufi mystics. It can also be used to for a common street beggar who chants holy names, scriptures or verses. It has become a common Urdu and Hindi word for "beggar".

Many stereotypes of the great fakir exist, including a near-naked man easily walking barefoot on burning coals, sitting or sleeping on a bed of sharp nails, floating in the air while meditating, or "living on air" (refusing all food).

Curro Torres

Curro Torres (born 27 December 1976) is a Spanish football manager and former player. He is the current manager of FCI Levadia Tallinn.

249||9
249||9

!Total||5||0

Juan Francisco García

Juan Francisco García (born 15 July, 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for AEK Athens.

278||7
13||1
16||0
0||0
307||8

!Total||11||0

Iván Helguera

Iván Helguera (born 28 March 1975) is a Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

318||26
8||0
326||26

!Total||47||3

Javier de Pedro

Javier de Pedro (born 4 August, 1973) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

308||44
2||0
5||0
315||44

!Total||12||2

Albert Luque

Albert Luque (born 11 March 1978) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Málaga.

228||61
21||1
16||4
265||66

!Total||18||2

Ricardo López Felipe

Ricardo López Felipe (born 30 December, 1971) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Osasuna.

191||0
1||0
192||0

!Total||2||0

Enrique Romero

Enrique Romero (born 23 June, 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

396||14
396||14

!Total||10||0

Sergio González

Sergio González (born 10 November 1976) is a retired Spanish football player. He currently coaches RCD Espanyol. He played for Spain in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

!Total||11||0

Rolls-Royce

Rolls-Royce is a British brand, it may refer to:

Pedro Contreras

Pedro Contreras (born 7 January, 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

282||0
282||0

!Total||2||0

José Antonio Camacho

José Antonio Camacho (born 8 June, 1955) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team.

414||9
414||9

!Total||81||0

Kwangmyŏngsŏng-2

Kwangmyŏngsŏng-2 (Hangul: 광명성 2호, Hanja: 光明星 2號, meaning Bright Star-2) is, according to its estimated trajectory, a North Korean satellite, although it was suggested that it might be an intercontinental ballistic missile. According to the South Korean government, North Korea launched the rocket around 11:30 a.m. (0230GMT) Sunday 5 April 2009 from the coastal Musudan-ri launch pad in northeastern North Korea.

Slash (punctuation)

A slash (/) is a punctuation mark used for various purposes. Other names for it are a stroke, virgule, diagonal, right-leaning stroke, oblique dash, solidus, slant, slake and whack, or forward slash. A mark in the reverse direction (\) is called a reverse slash or backslash. 

One use is showing how much of something is left. For example, "15/20 boxes remaining" means that there are 15 boxes remaining out of a total 20 boxes. 

The slash (/) is also known as: forward slash, stroke, oblique. You should use the slash with care in formal writing. 1. A slash is often used to indicate "or": Dear Sir/Madam (Sir or Madam) 

It is also used in mathematics and coding, commonly to indicate numerical division. It is also used to delineate members of a hierarchical path to locate a file or resource. Note that some computer systems use the backslash for the same purpose.


Backslash

The backslash (), is a glyph mostly used in computing.
It has other names, like reverse slash, backslant, and slosh.
It is not used in normal writing, which is one reason for its use in computing.

Hohenstein-Ernstthal

Hohenstein-Ernstthal is a town in the Zwickau rural district, Free State of Saxony, Germany. The towns of Hohenstein and Ernstthal were united in 1898. The town is either known by its hyphenated form, or simply called Hohenstein.

The town got bigger in the 15th century because silver mines were found nearby. 

Physicist G. H. von Schubert and inventor C. G. Schrter were born in Hohenstein.
The writer Karl May was born in Ernstthal. The house of his birth is a museum.

The mayor of Hohenstein-Ernstthal is Lars Kluge.


1M1 Records

1M1 Records is an Australian record label formed in 1988 as oneMone Records. It was used to promote and archive Australian movie soundtracks. It was the creation of Australian movie music recording producers Philip Powers and James McCarthy. These were both previously Director of Music at the Australian government filmmaking organisation Film Australia, overlapping between 1985 and 1987.

The first soundtrack released by 1M1 Records was in 1988 from the Australian television miniseries For the Term of His Natural Life (1982), which featured Anthony Perkins, Colin Friels, Patrck Macnee and Samantha Eggar. The music was composed and conducted by Simon Walker. The CD was produced by Philip Powers with Simon Walker and James McCarthy as unnamed Executive Producers.

This is a list of some of the composers who have had their movie music released by 1M1 Records:

Lupe Fiasco

Wasalu Muhammad Jaco (born February 16, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois), better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco, is an American rapper and record producer. He became famous in 2006 with the success of his first album, "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor". His song "Show Goes On" charted at number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. He also performs as the lead singer of rock band Japanese Cartoon under his real name. As an entrepreneur, Fiasco was the chief executive officer of 1st and 15th Entertainment.


Lupe Fiasco at Northwestern University in May 2007

This is a comprehensive list of awards and nominations won by Lupe Fiasco.

He has so far in his career won one Grammy. He has been nominated for eleven others. Altogether, Fiasco has earned 12 Grammy nominations. He has also won a USA's Character Approved Award, which had started that year. In total, he has been nominated for thirty-three awards.

12 Apostles (record label)

12 Apostles is an independent record label based in London, England and Brooklyn, USA. 12 Apostles Records specialises in 12 inch vinyl record releases that are distributed by Cargo International in the UK. 




12 Tónar

12 Tónar is a small record shop in Reykjavík, Iceland, and also a record label for Icelandic indie bands. It is found on Skólavörðustígur 15, in downtown Reykjavík.



12k

12k is an independent record label, based in Pound Ridge, New York, USA. It was founded on January 1, 1997 by Taylor Deupree.

12k has three sublabels. Line which was launched in 2000 with Richard Chartier; term. which was founded in 2000 in the form of a netlabel and Happy which was founded in 2003.






13th Planet Records

13th Planet Records is a record label founded by Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen and his wife, Angelina Jourgensen, in 2004. 





Dave Heineman

Dave Heineman (born May 12, 1948) is an American politician. He was the governor of Nebraska from 2005 to 2015. He is a Republican.

Paulínia

Paulínia is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. As of 2008, its population was 81.544 inhabitants in an area of 145.27 km². The elevation is 590 m.


Alpha particle

An alpha particle is a radioactive particle that is made up of two protons and two neutrons. It is a helium nucleus: that is a helium atom without electrons. Radioactive elements give out alpha particles when they go through a kind of radioactive decay, known as alpha decay.

During alpha decay, the atomic nucleus releases an alpha particle. The nucleus will lose two protons and two neutrons when this happens. After the decay, the atom will change to another element, because the atom loses two protons. For example, when americium goes through alpha decay it changes into neptunium because neptunium is defined to have two protons less than americium. Alpha decay usually happens in heavy elements, those containing more neutrons and protons, such as uranium, thorium, plutonium, and radium.

Alpha particles cannot even go through a few centimetres of air. Alpha radiation cannot hurt humans when the alpha source is outside the human body, because human skin does not let the alpha particles go through, it cannot "penetrate" it. Alpha radiation can be very harmful if the source is inside the body, such as when people breathe dust or gas containing materials which decay by emitting alpha particles.

To look at americium again, the isotope americium-241 gives off alpha radiation. This radiation can be very harmful if it is inside someone's body because it can change the DNA in the cells. But it is not harmful when it is outside of the body because alpha radiation does not travel through the outside layers of the skin very well.

When scientists write equations about nuclear reactions they use the Greek letter Alpha. Ernest Rutherford started this when he discovered and named three kinds of ionizing radiation. 

Greenpeace

Greenpeace is an international non-governmental organisation working for the protection and conservation of the environment. It was set up in Vancouver, Canada in 1971 and now has regional and national offices in 46 countries.

Greenpeace received international attention during the 1980s when the French intelligence agency bombed the Greenpeace ship "Rainbow Warrior" in the Auckland Harbor, killing one individual. In the following years, Greenpeace evolved into one of the largest environmental organizations in the world. Greenpeace is known for its direct actions and has been described as the most visible environmental organization in the world. The organization has raised environmental issues to public knowledge, and influenced both the private and the public sector.

On its official website, Greenpeace defines its mission as the following:

All Greenpeace actions are based on a common set of values and should therefore be: nonviolent, non-partisan, independent and international.

Since Greenpeace was founded, seagoing ships have played a vital role in its campaigns. The group has three ocean-going ships, the Esperanza, Arctic Sunrise and Rainbow Warrior III.

Greenpeace receives its funding exclusively from individual supporters and foundations. Greenpeace screens all major donations in order to ensure it does not receive unwanted donations. The organization does not accept money from governments, political parties or corporations in order to avoid their influence. Donations from foundations which are funded by political parties or receive most of their funding from governments are also rejected.


Albert, Manitoba

Albert is a rural municipality in Manitoba, Canada.

Alexander, Manitoba

Alexander is a rural municipality in Manitoba, Canada.

Alonsa, Manitoba

Alonsa is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Lake Manitoba is one of the largest attractions near Alonsa.

Altona, Manitoba

Altona is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Angusville, Manitoba

Angusville is a community in Manitoba, Canada. It was named after a pioneer family with the family name Angus.

Anola, Manitoba

Anola is a town in Manitoba, Canada. About 200 people live in its limits, but many people in surrounding areas consider themselves to be part of Anola.

Arborg, Manitoba

Arborg is a town in Manitoba, Canada.

Argyle, Manitoba

Argyle is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

The town is about 30 minutes north of Winnipeg. Many farms and gravel companies do well around this area. There is heavy forest and lots of wildlife everywhere.

Lowestoft

Lowestoft is a town in Suffolk.

Flint tools were found at Pakefield in south Lowestoft in 2005. This showed that humans had been living in the Lowestoft area 200,000 years ago. This means Lowestoft is one of the earliest known sites for humans in the United Kingdom.

Ashern

Ashern is a community in Manitoba, Canada. In 2006, there were 639 people.

Austin, Manitoba

Austin is a town in Manitoba, Canada.

Badger, Manitoba

Badger is a town in Manitoba, Canada. About 61 people live in the town. It is southwest of Whitemouth Lake.

Bakers Narrows, Manitoba

Bakers Narrows is a community in Manitoba, Canada.

Baldur, Manitoba

Baldur is a village in Manitoba, Canada.

The village started when the railway came in 1890. The town was named for the Norse god Baldur. Many of the people who first lived in the village have Icelandic heritage.


Beausejour, Manitoba

Beausejour is a town in Manitoba, Canada. It is a town of 2,772 people.

It is the birthplace of former Provincial Premier and Governor General Edward Schreyer. 

Benito, Manitoba

Benito is a village in Manitoba, Canada.

In 1905, the Canadian National Railway went through the village.


Seal (device)

A seal is something such as a piece of wax which has an official mark on it, and which is attached to an important letter or document to make it official. It can also mean the device (e.g. a metal stamp or ring) which is used to make the official mark.
The word comes from the Latin “sigillum”.

The study of seals is called Sigillography.

Seals are used on documents to prove that they really did come from the person who signed it (they “authenticate” the document). A seal could be put on the letter itself, or on the envelope where it is stuck down. The writer would pour some wax over the joint of the letter, then press a ring or metal stamp (called a matrix) which has his official mark on. This meant that no one would be able to open the letter and then close it again, because the seal will break when the letter is opened. Most governments still put seals on important documents. Letters do not normally have seals any more, even important letters.

Sometimes lead, pewter or ivory were used instead of wax.

Each seal is different from any other. This means that an important person (e.g. a king) has his own personalized stamp. 

Seals were used in very early civilizations. In ancient Mesopotamia seals were engraved on cylinders, which could be rolled to create an impression on clay. Signet-rings of kings from Ancient Egypt have been found. From Ancient Egypt seals in the form of signet-rings of kings have been found. Other ancient seals come from Saudi Arabia or the Ancient Greek and Roman times. 

After the fall of the Roman Empire in 476 seals were not used so much. The Popes used lead seals, and Charlemagne (who died in 814) had a special seal engraved with Jupiter Sarpis. In England all the kings from Edward the Confessor onwards had their own “seal of majesty”.

Seals from East Asian later developed into block printing. Seals from China have been found from the 5th century B.C.

The wearing of signet rings (from Latin "signum" meaning sign) is an old tradition among nobles in European and some other cultures. In Latin America, it is also traditional for the descendants of the old "criollo" aristocratic families to wear signet rings in the Spanish tradition.

Signet rings were often worn on the little finger of either the right or left hand (depending on the country), although some countries have different customs (French and German noblemen, and some Spanish nobles wear it on the ring finger of their left hand; Swiss wear it on the ring finger of their right hand). In the United Kingdom, signet rings are typically worn on the little finger of the left hand of the bearer and are often cast of gold. The ring is worn with the seal facing outwards so that the wearer can make a seal without taking the ring off.

A similar tradition is found with blacksmiths who use their “touchmark” (a stamp used on the hot metal to show who made it) on whatever they made. When they died their touchmark was destroyed.

The study of seals (sigillography) is very useful in many areas: genealogy, political history, art history etc. This is because modern science can work out very closely how old a seal is. This makes it possible to date documents or works of art.

The word “seal” is often used as a metaphor: 

Because seals are used to close something officially, the word “seal” can also be used in other situations with a similar meaning:


The Attitude Era

The Attitude Era was a period in the World Wrestling Federation and professional wrestling history. It occurred in response to the Monday Night Wars with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It officially started on November 9, 1997 at Survivor Series 1997, with the Montreal Screwjob and debut of the "WWF Attitude" scratch logo, culminated with the conclusion of the Monday Night Wars in 2001, and ended on May 6, 2002 when WWF rebranded to WWE with the "Get the 'F' Out" marketing campaign.

The Attitude Era professional, like the 1980s wrestling boom, made wrestling more popular in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s. Television ratings and pay-per-view reached their highest points. The Attitude Era was different from the more traditional WWF programming. It tried to attract the young adult demographic. It did this by making the product into a more controversial "shock value" form of entertainment. This was similar to the "Trash TV" genre popularized in the 1990s.





Eggnog

Eggnog is a sweet dairy drink made with milk, cream, sugar, beaten eggs, and flavoured with cinnamon and nutmeg. Alcoholic kinds are also made. Eggnog is a popular drink in the United States and Canada, and is usually drank with winter parties such as Christmas and New Year. Brandy, rum or bourbon may be added. As for its origins, it is agreed upon that eggnog originated in present day United Kingdom in the early medieval period. The drink would then make its way to North America in the 18th century and become a popular beverage during the winter holidays.

Binscarth, Manitoba

Binscarth is a village in Manitoba, Canada. In 2011, 425 people lived in the village. In 1999 Canadian Living Magazine called Binscarth "Best Place To Raise A Family".

Birch River, Manitoba

Birch River is a community in Manitoba, Canada. Two kilometres north is the Porcupine Provincial Forest.

Birtle, Manitoba

Birtle is a town in Manitoba, Canada. In 2001, 690 people lived in the town.

Hockey and Curling are popular sports. The town has both a hockey rink and a curling rink. 

Amenia (town), New York

Amenia is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Beekman, New York

Beekman is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. It is named after Henry Beekman, whose family owned owned land in the county as well as slaves.

Clinton, Dutchess County, New York

Clinton is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 4,037 at the 2020 census. The town is named after George Clinton, an early governor of New York.

Dover, New York

Dover is a town in Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. 8,415 people were living in Dover as of 2020.

East Fishkill, New York

East Fishkill is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Fishkill (town), New York

Fishkill is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Hyde Park, New York

Hyde Park is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dol2day

dol2day ("democracy online today") is a social networking platform for politically interested German speaking people launched on May 15, 2000. The site is a combination of Internet forum and multi-user dungeon with 


LaGrange, New York

LaGrange is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Milan, New York

Milan is a town of Dutchess County, in the state of New York in the United States. 2,245 people were living in Milan as of 2020.

North East, New York

North East is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Pawling (town), New York

Pawling is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. 8,012 people were living in Pawling as of 2020.

Pine Plains (town), New York

Pine Plains is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Dutchess County, New York

Dutchess County is a county in New York, United States. It is in the Hudson Valley.

Pleasant Valley (town), New York

Pleasant Valley is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Poughkeepsie (town), New York

The Town of Poughkeepsie is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Red Hook, New York

Red Hook is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. It is a town which setting was in a view from a bridge.

Rhinebeck (town), New York

Rhinebeck is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States. About 7,600 people were living in the town of Rhinebeck as of 2020.

Stanford, New York

Stanford is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Szczecin-Goleniów &quot;Solidarność&quot; Airport

Szczecin-Goleniów "Solidarność" Airport (Polish: "Port Lotniczy Szczecin-Goleniów im. NSZZ "Solidarność"") is an airport located near Goleniów, Szczecin, Police and Świnoujście in Poland. The airport has good train connections to reach Szczecin and Kołobrzeg.


Charter flights operates to Egypt (Hurghada and Sharm el-Sheikh), Turkey and Tunesia.


Census-designated place

A census-designated place (CDP) is a place that is identified by the United States Census Bureau as a place dedicated for statistical purposes. They are communities that do not have their own government, but are similar to incorporated places in other ways.

Ecdysozoa

The Ecdysozoa (including Cycloneuralia) are a group of protostome animal phyla. This is a taxon above the level of phylum. It includes the Arthropoda (insects and crustaceans), Nematoda, and several smaller phyla. 

They were first defined in 1997, based mainly on phylogenetic trees taken from 18S ribosomal RNA genes. A large study in 2008 strongly supported the Ecdysozoa as a clade, that is, a group consisting of a common ancestor and all its descendants.

The group is also supported by morphological characters, and includes all animals that shed their exoskeleton (see ecdysis).

Shoot

In botany, shoots are stems plus the leaves and lateral buds, flowering stems and flower buds. The new growth from seed germination that grows upward is a shoot where leaves will develop. In the spring, perennial plant shoots are the new growth that grows from the ground in herbaceous plants or the new stem or flower growth that grows on woody plants.

In everyday speech, shoots are often synonymous with stems.

Young shoots are often eaten by animals because the fibers in the new growth have not yet completed secondary cell wall development, making the young shoots softer and easier to chew and digest.
As shoots grow and age, the cells develop secondary cell walls that have a hard and tough structure.

Some plants produce toxins that make their shoots inedible or less palatable (pleasant to eat).

Association football pitch

A football pitch (also known as a football field or soccer field) is the playing surface for the game of association football made of grass. Its dimensions and markings are defined by Law 1 of the Laws of the Game, "The Field of Play".

State Bank of Pakistan

The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) () is the central bank and national bank of Pakistan.

List of tallest buildings in Thailand

This list of tallest buildings in Thailand ranks skyscrapers in Thailand by height. 

A Currently topped out; expected completion in 2009.
This lists buildings that are under construction in Thailand 


Ape Escape 2

Ape Escape 2 is a Playstation 2 game, that consists of catching troublesome Monkeys and defeating Specter. 

It was published and developed to the PS2 by Sony, but in North America, it was published by Ubisoft. It was first released in Japan on 18 July 2002 and later released in Europe on 14 March 2003, and in North America on 30 June 2003. It is the second game in the "Ape Escape" series.

The Professor leaves one simple task for Jimmy, (Hikaru), to do, but as you would have guessed, it does not go well. He was supposed to send Monkey Pants to a Monkey Park, but he sent Peak Point helmets too. Specter got hold of one and decided to try and take over the world again. Natalie is furious with Jimmy, as he destroyed the laboratory, and to make up for it, he decides to go and catch all of the monkeys and defeat Specter. 

Specter a troublesome monkey, trying to take over the world.

Hikaru the main character who captures monkeys and saves the world. 

Kekaru another character who does the same as Hikaru, after you complete the game Hikaru.

Pipotchi Hikaru's best friend who journeys with Hikaru (only) to help him.

Freaky Monkey Five bosses in the game. 

Natalie your helper who stays in the Lab. 

The Professor sometimes appears every now and then. 

Other features are Mini Games, that you pay for in the vending machine in the Lab. There are Monkey Football (Soccer), Dance Monkey Dance, and Monkey Climbing.

Andoni Zubizarreta

Andoni Zubizarreta (born 23 October 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team. He is one of a small group of footballers who have played in Four World Cup. He played as a goalkeeper. He bowed out of football in 1998 with Nigeria, after punching a ball into his own net.

622||0||104||0||88||0||814||0
622||0||104||0||88||0||814||0

!Total||126||0

Albert Ferrer

Albert Ferrer (born 6 June, 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

221||1
75||0
296||1

!Total||36||0

Agustín Aranzábal

Agustín Aranzábal (born 15 March, 1973) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

354||6
354||6

!Total||28||0

Rafael Alkorta

Rafael Alkorta (born 16 September, 1968) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

370||8
370||8

!Total||54||0

Abelardo Fernández

Abelardo Fernández (born 19 March 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

386||24
386||24

!Total||54||3

Juan Antonio Pizzi

Juan Antonio Pizzi (born 7 June, 1968) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

132||64
30||12
224||93
11||3
397||172

!Total||22||8

Alfonso Pérez

Alfonso Pérez (born 26 September, 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

307||84
11||4
318||88

!Total||38||11

Sergi Barjuán

Sergi Barjuán (born 28 December 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

351||5
351||5

!Total||56||1

Iván Campo

Iván Campo (born 21 February 1974) is a Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

169||8||2||0||colspan="2"|-||22||0||193||8
189||14||8||0||12||1||5||0||214||15
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
358||22||10||0||12||1||27||0||407||23

!Total||4||0

Carlos Aguilera Marín

Carlos Aguilera Marín (born 22 May 1969) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

453||36
453||36

!Total||7||0

Albert Celades

Albert Celades (born 29 September, 1975) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Red Bull New York.

224||8
27||3
0||0
251||11

!Total||4||0

Joseba Etxeberria

Joseba Etxeberria (born 5 September 1977) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Athletic Bilbao.

446||91
446||91

!Total||53||12

Guillermo Amor

Guillermo Amor (born 4 December 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

375||48||55||10||60||11||490||69
24||0||||||5||0||29||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
402||48||55||10||65||11||522||69

!Total||37||4

Kiko (footballer, born 1972)

Kiko (born 26 April 1972) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

313||61
313||61

!Total||26||4

José Francisco Molina

José Francisco Molina (born 8 August 1970) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

452||0
452||0

!Total||9||0

Javier Clemente

Javier Clemente (born 12 March, 1950) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Atlético Bilbao.

Jorge Otero

Jorge Otero (born 28 January, 1969) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

466||6
466||6

!Total||9||0

Francisco José Camarasa

Francisco José Camarasa (born 27 September, 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Valencia and Spain national team.

267||9
267||9

!Total||14||0

Ion Andoni Goikoetxea

Ion Andoni Goikoetxea (born 21 October 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

386||36
23||0
409||36

!Total||36||4

José Mari Bakero

José Mari Bakero (born 11 February 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

483||139
17||3
500||142

!Total||30||7

Juanele

Juanele (born 10 April, 1971) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

388||65
388||65

!Total||5||2

José Luis Caminero

José Luis Caminero (born 8 November 1967) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

438||56
438||56

!Total||21||8

Felipe Miñambres

Felipe Miñambres (born 29 April, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

347||42
347||42

!Total||6||2

Voro (footballer)

Voro (born 9 October, 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

422||12
422||12

!Total||9||0

Julio Salinas

Julio Salinas (born 11 September 1962) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the Spanish national team.

417||152||||||||||417||152
47||34||2||2||8||4||57||40
464||186||2||2||8||4||474||192
!Total||56||22

Julen Lopetegui

Julen Lotopegui (born 28 August, 1966) is a former Spanish football player and is the football manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers.

256||0
256||0

!Total||1||0

Glendale, California

Glendale is a city in Los Angeles County, California in the United States. It is at the junction of two large valleys, the San Fernando Valley and San Gabriel Valley, near the beginning of the Los Angeles River. As of 2020, 196,543 people live in Glendale. Glendale is known for its low crime rate and being one of the safest cities in the United States.


Retrograde amnesia

Retrograde amnesia is a type of amnesia when someone cannot remember what happened before the event that caused the memory loss (such as a head injury). This is different from anterograde amnesia, when someone cannot remember what happened after the event.

Tujunga Wash

Tujunga Wash is a stream in Los Angeles County, California. Its watershed covers 225 square miles (580 square kilometers) from the San Gabriel Mountains to the flat floor of the Los Angeles Basin. Tujunga Wash is a major tributary to the Los Angeles River, providing about a fifth of its flow. 

The wash begins in two forks, Big Tujunga Creek and Little Tujunga Creek. Big Tujunga Creek begins in the San Gabriel Mountains. It flows west to a reservoir called Big Tujunga Reservoir, formed by a dam at its west shore. After exiting the dam, the creek is known as "Big Tujunga Wash". Little Tujunga Creek flows south from a portion of the San Gabriel Mountains north of the Hansen Reservoir. The combined waters then head into the Hansen Reservoir. Downstream, the Tujunga Wash flows south and halfway to the Los Angeles River, is met by the Pacoima Wash. Tujunga Wash meets the Los Angeles River near Studio City, California.

Apostasy in Islam

Apostasy in Islam is when a follower of Islam tries to change or reject their religion. When someone tries to reject their religion, this is called apostasy. The three traits listed below are what is needed for apostasy to be taken seriously.
This means if a Muslim is a child, insane, or being forced, their action does not count as apostasy.

Most Sunni Islam and the Twelvers Shi'a Islamic schools of thought agree that apostasy is a sin. There is a difference between harmful apostasy and harmless apostasy (also known as major and minor apostasy). According to Wael Hallaq, none of the apostasy laws are based on the Qur'an, although the jurist al-Shafi'i interpreted the Qu'ranic verse 2:217 as proof that apostasy is outlawed. This provided the main evidence for apostasy being a capital crime in Islam. Sharia --Islamic law-- says the punishment for apostasy should be death, but the Qu'ran does not have any instructions for punishing apostasy.

Some Islamic jurists argued or issued fatwas that the changing of religion is not punishable or is only punishable under restricted circumstances. Some groups within Islam, such as the Shi'a Ismaili, reject death for apostasy altogether.


Arroyo Seco

The Arroyo Seco (Spanish for "dry creek") is a stream in Los Angeles County, California. It is a major tributary to the Los Angeles River. The stream begins near Mount Wilson in the San Gabriel Mountains, and flows into a reservoir created by the Devil's Gate Dam. After flowing away from the reservoir, the stream flows in a concrete channel through La Cañada Flintridge on the west and Altadena on the east; then through Pasadena, South Pasadena, and the neighborhoods of Highland Park and Montecito Heights in Los Angeles before flowing into the Los Angeles River at Elysian Park. Its watershed covers 46.7 square miles (121 square kilometers). 

Rio Hondo (California)

The Rio Hondo (Spanish for "deep river") is a river in Los Angeles County, California. Its official beginning is at a reservoir called the Whittier Narrows Reservoir; and it flows southwest to the Los Angeles River. Notably, the Whittier Narrows Reservoir is also fed by the San Gabriel River, and water can be released into either river. Therefore, the watersheds of the Los Angeles River and San Gabriel River are connected by the Rio Hondo. 

Most of the Rio Hondo is lined with concrete, but there are two places the river is free-flowing. These are the "Peck Road Water Conservation Park" and the "Whittier Narrows Recreation Area". Eaton Wash is a tributary to the Rio Hondo.

Sacramento County, California

Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is in the Central Valley, along the Sacramento River. As of 2020, 1,585,055 people lived there. Its county seat is Sacramento, which is also the state capital.

Norman Borlaug

Norman Borlaug (March 25, 1914 – September 12, 2009) was an American scientist. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970. His area of work has been making a larger food supply for the world. He did this by making smaller wheat plants that also were less likely to get diseases. He was born in Cresco, Iowa.

Borlaug died of lymphoma at the age of 95, on September 12, 2009, in his Dallas home.

Leandro de Moratín

Leandro Fernández de Moratín (March 10, 1760, Madrid–June 21, 1828, Paris) was a Spanish dramatist, translator and neoclassical poet. He is the son of Nicolás Fernández de Moratín, who used to be a lawyer and a professor of poetry.

Sporting CP

Sporting Clube de Portugal, commonly called Sporting CP or Sporting is a football club from Lisbon, Portugal. They play in the Primeira Liga, the top division of Portuguese football. They play their home games at the Estádio José Alvalade.




Sacriston

Sacriston is a village in County Durham, England.

Luis de León

Fray Luis de León (born Belmonte, in Cuenca province, of the Castilian region of La Mancha, Spain, in 1527 – 23 August 1591) was a Spanish lyric poet and an Augustinian canon, of the Spanish Golden Age.

Classical conditioning

Classical conditioning (also Pavlovian conditioning) is a type of learning that happens subconsciously. 

Ivan Pavlov (1849-1936) was the first to show the way in which it works. He did this in an experiment using dogs. Pavlov noticed that the dogs naturally salivated when they saw food. This behaviour did not need to be taught. In this example, the food is an "unconditioned" stimulus. He paired this unconditioned stimulus (showing food to the dogs) with another, "neutral" stimulus: the ringing of a bell. Pavlov discovered that, if the two stimuli are presented together again and again, the organism "learns" that they belong together. As a result, it is enough to show the neutral stimulus to get a conditioned response or reflex.

Classical conditioning is an important factor in everyday life. It can be applied in many areas such as behavioural therapies, responses to drugs and in modern day marketing strategies.

Classical conditioning is different from operant conditioning. Operant conditioning is a different kind of learning. It happens when an individual or animal learns a behaviour as a result of a consequence of that behaviour. For example, a child may learn to open a box to get some sweets. So, when a behaviour has a good result, the organism learns to associate the behaviour with this good result. As such, learning the behaviour and repeating it. 

So, operant conditioning explains voluntary changes in behaviour. Classical conditioning explains how reflexes are trained.








The same learning process that develops a conditioned response can be used to teach a new behaviour or change old ones. Some mental health therapies are often linked to classical conditioning. 

Aversion therapy aims to stop a harmful behaviour by replacing a positive response with a negative one. This makes a person associate the harmful behaviour with a bad feeling. For example, a doctor can give a person a medicine that makes them sick (unwell) if they drink alcohol. This person will learn to associate the drinking of alcohol with feeling ill. 

Systematic desensitisation is often used to treat phobias and other anxiety disorders. The person is exposed to what they fear or what causes them to feel anxious. The therapy aims to condition a response of relaxation instead. This is a form of counterconditioning. In time, the feared stimulus produces a conditioned response of relaxation. 

Flooding is similar to desensitisation. This therapy directly exposes the person to their phobias and anxieties. For example, a person who is claustrophobic is locked in a small room for some time. This aims to expose the person to their feared thing in a safe environment and help them overcome their fears.

There are two kinds of conditioned drug responses. 

First, a drug user may become more tolerant to a drug if it is taken in similar surroundings (a similar setting) every time. This is because the familiar setting will bring about a compensatory response. As a result, taking the drug in similar settings will help your body tolerate the drug. Alternatively, taking the drug outside of the regular setting will make it harder (more difficult) for your body to manage its effects. For this reason, overdose is more common when a user takes a drug in a new setting. 

In other cases, the opposite may happen. If a stimulus is present every time a drug is taken, the stimulus alone may produce a conditioned physiological response the same as the effect of the drug. For example, people who drink lots of coffee may experience the feeling of being alert (wide awake) from the "smell" of coffee. So, without drinking coffee, they experience the same effects from only the smell.

Classical conditioning theory is used in the modern day to elicit a certain response. A common example is its use in advertising. Advertisers will attempt to make consumers associate their product with a good feeling or response. For example, beauty adverts will use models with clear skin to advertise their products. This will make people associate the product with smooth, healthy skin.

Other examples of strategies used to make a positive advertisement are using happy music, good-looking models and cute animals and babies.

Bill Dodgin, Sr.

William "Bill" Dodgin (17 April 1909 – 16 October 1999) was an English football player and manager.

Arthur Nikisch

Arthur Nikisch (born Lébény Szent Miklós, Hungary, 12 October 1855; died Leipzig, 23 January 1922) was a Hungarian conductor. He conducted in Germany as well as internationally and was thought of as the greatest conductor of his time.

Arthur Nikisch was born in Hungary (then the Austro-Hungarian Empire). His father was from Moravia, his mother was Hungarian. As a child he showed exceptional musical talent. He learned the piano and the violin and studied at the Vienna Conservatory, where he won prizes for composition and for playing the violin and piano. He was playing the violin in the orchestra when Richard Wagner conducted a concert in Bayreuth to celebrate the beginning of the building of his new theatre: the Bayreuth Festspielhaus. He joined the Vienna Court Orchestra where he played in concerts that were conducted by famous composers such as Brahms, Liszt, Verdi and Wagner. Soon he started his career as conductor in Leipzig. He quickly became internationally famous. In 1889 he was invited to conduct the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He conducted many concerts in the USA. In 1893 he became conductor of the Budapest Opera. Two years later he also became conductor of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, taking the place of Carl Reinecke. In the same year he also became the main conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic. He remained conductor of these two world famous orchestras until his death.

Nikisch gave concerts all over the world, appearing as guest conductor with great orchestras such as the Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1912 he took the London Symphony Orchestra to the USA, the first European Orchestra to tour there (fortunately they cancelled their booking on the RMS Titanic at the last moment). He conducted at the Leipzig Opera and taught conducting at the Leipzig Conservatory.

Nikisch was famous for his conducting of the great Romantic composers such as Schumann, Brahms, Bruckner, Tchaikovsky and Wagner as well as Beethoven. He had a great influence on the next generation of conductors including Wilhelm Furtwängler and Sir Adrian Boult. He helped composers such as Mahler, Max Reger and Richard Strauss to become famous by performing their music.

Nikisch married the singer Amélie Heusner. Their son Mitja became a successful pianist.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980. 

Compton, California

Compton is a city in Los Angeles County, California. It is southeast of Los Angeles, and is on the west side of the Los Angeles River. One stream that flows through it is called Compton Creek. The city's total land area is 10.2 square miles (26.4 square kilometers).

The city, incorporated in 1888, now has a population of 95,740 (as of 2020). The city was known for having one of the highest crime rates in the United States.

Compton has been experiencing gentrification. Compton now has a large Latino and Mexican population.

Sibi Division

Sibi Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Quetta Division

Quetta Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Zhob Division

Zhob Division () was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Rawalpindi Division

Rawalpindi Division () was one of the administrative subdivisions of the Punjab province of Pakistan, forming part of the third tier of government below the federal and provincial levels. Divisions were composed of districts which formed the fourth tier of government, but the local government reform of 2000 abolished administrative divisions and raised the districts to become the new third tier of government.

Sargodha Division

Sargodha Division () is an administrative division of four districts of the Punjab Province of Pakistan

Before October 1988, divisional system was abolished by the reforms of 2000 the third tier of government.

Faisalabad Division

Faisalabad Division () was an administrative division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government. At abolition it contained the following districts: Faisalabad, Toba Tek Singh and Jhang.

Billups Neon Crossing Signal

The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a special signal to warn car and truck drivers that a train was coming. It was placed at a dangerous Illinois Central railroad crossing on Mississippi State Route 7 in Grenada, Mississippi.

It was put up in the mid-1930s by inventor Alonzo Billups. Mr. Billups and the railroad were worried; the crossing had many accidents between trains and motor vehicles. He wanted drivers who were going to cross the tracks to know that a train was coming and he wanted to do it in a very big way. The Billups signal was built like a giant steel gantry which went up and over the entire highway. This is similar to crossing signals used today in North America; Mr. Billups' signal may have been the very first time such a signal was built. A pair of flashing red lights similar to those used today topped giant neon signs on either side of the big gantry. The signs lit up with the words "Stop-DEATH-Stop" along with a neon skull and crossbones. Flashing neon arrows pointed toward the train to tell drivers which way the train was coming. The Billups Neon Crossing Signal even had a special way of warning drivers with sound. Instead of the electric or electronic bells used now, this signal used a very loud air raid siren.

After World War II started, neon became hard to get. The signal had electrical problems as well. Often, the air raid siren would go off even if no train was coming and it wouldn't shut off until the railroad sent a repair crew. No more of these special signals were ever built and the only one ever built was taken down after less than twenty years.


Metacarpal bones

The metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton. It is between the phalanges (bones of the fingers) distally and the carpals which form the connection to the forearm. The metacarpus consists of metacarpal bones.

Calcareous sponge

The calcareous sponges of class Calcarea are members of the animal phylum Porifera, the cellular sponges. They are characterized by spicules made out of calcium carbonate.

Typically, the Calcarea are very small, measuring about 7-10 cm (3-4 inches) in height. Of the 15,000 or so species of Porifera that exist, only 400 of those are Calcareans.

Richea

Richea is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Ericaceae. The number of species is 10—12. The genus is very close with genus "Dracophyllum".

Richea grows in island Tasmania and also in Australia; many species grows in mountains.
It is evergreen plants with the long leaves. Flowers are small; its color is white, yellow, pink or red.

The genus was named in honour of Claude Antoine Gaspard Riche (1762—1797), French botanist.

The most well-known species is "Richea pandanifolia". Its height may be 15 m. The common English name of this plant is "the giant grass tree".

Richea may be an interest plant for gardens.

New Age

The New Age, also called the New Age movement is a kind of spiritual belief and way of life held by some westerners. It is not an organized religion nor a new religious movement (NRM). They believe in religious pluralism - that people are free to decide what they believe and how they use it in their lives. They pick and mix what they believe with bits taken from both eastern and western culture and religions. They make their own decisions about what God is and how they worship God, if they even believe in God at all. New Age people often meditate, sometimes to seek their own contact with God.

Many authors describe how they see the New Age in books. There is also New Age music which tends to be calm and relaxing.

New Age people say a time is coming when people will be more aware of their own special spiritual nature and this will make the world a different and better place. This is sometimes called the Age of Aquarius, hence the name.

Sone Aluko

Omatsone Folarin "Sone" Aluko (born 19 February 1989) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Ipswich Town.

His sister is Eniola. She played for the England women's national team 102 times.

Hull City

Ipswich Town

Individual

Tilia nasczokinii

Tilia nasczokinii (Nasczokin's linden or Nasczokin's lime) is a shrub or tree in the family Malvaceae. The species is rare, and grows in Siberia, Russia. Its habitat is coniferous "Pinus sylvestris" forests. It is deciduous, and grows up to 20 m. high.

The species was named after Vladimir D. Nashchokin (), a Russian botanist.

"Tilia nasczokinii" is a mesophyte, shade-tolerant, entomophylous plant.

Leaves are cordate, ovate, or broadly ovate, their length is 5—15 cm. Inflorescens 1-3-flowered. Flowers are small, white-yellow, their diameter is 0.8—1 cm, stigmata are stellate. Ovary is stripe-hairy. Long hairs and short hairs are in longitudinal, alternating rows. Young ovary with white hairs, mature ovary with rusty hairs. A fruit is flat-spherical.


Chendo

Chendo (born 12 October, 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team.

363||3||52||0||6||0||70||0||491||3
363||3||52||0||6||0||70||0||491||3

!Total||26||0

Manuel Jiménez Jiménez

Manuel Jiménez Jiménez (born 26 January, 1964) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

354||1
354||1

!Total||15||0

Genar Andrinúa

Genar Andrinúa (born 9 May, 1964) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

338||18
338||18

!Total||28||2

Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo

Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo (born 23 May, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Madrid and Spain national team. His father was Manuel Sanchís Martínez.

524||33
524||33

!Total||48||1

Rafael Martín Vázquez

Rafael Martín Vázquez (born 25 September, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

263||46
52||2
7||1
10||0
5||0
337||49

!Total||38||1

Miguel Pardeza

Miguel Pardeza (born 8 February, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

325||81
32||6
357||87

!Total||5||0

Quique Sánchez Flores

Quique Sánchez Flores (born 2 February 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

344||26
344||26

!Total||15||0

Fernando Gómez Colomer

Fernando Gómez Colomer (born 11 September, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

496||156
19||2
515||158

!Total||8||2

Francisco Villarroya

Francisco Villarroya (born 6 August, 1966) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

295||10
295||10

!Total||14||0

Juan Carlos Ablanedo

Juan Carlos Ablanedo (born 2 September, 1963) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Sporting Gijón and Spain national team.

399||0
399||0

!Total||4||0

Alberto Górriz

Alberto Górriz (born 16 February, 1958) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Real Sociedad and Spain national team.

461||14
461||14

!Total||12||1

Roberto Fernández Bonillo

Roberto Fernández Bonillo (born 5 July 1962) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Source:
545||101
545||101

Source:
!Total||29||2

Rafael Paz

Rafael Paz (born August 2, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

340||25
14||1
354||26

!Total||7||0

Manolo

Manuel Sánchez Delgado (born 17 January, 1965) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

292||97
292||97

!Total||28||9

José Manuel Ochotorena

José Manuel Ochotorena (born 16 January, 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

176||0
176||0

!Total||1||0

Ron McGovney

Ron McGovney (born November 2, 1963) was Metallica's first bassist before Cliff Burton. He was only in the band for one demo recording and then left the band due to personal issues with the other members.

Tyrannosauridae

Tyrannosauridae is a taxonomic family of theropods. These dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous have been found only in North America and Asia. They lived in the later part of the period, 88 to 65 million years ago.


Kyle Martino

Kyle Martino (born February 19, 1981 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former American soccer player who played for the Columbus Crew and the Los Angeles Galaxy.

Columbus Crew

Individual

US Airways Flight 1549

US Airways Flight 1549 was an airplane flight that landed in the Hudson River in New York City on January 15, 2009. The plane was on a commercial flight with 155 people on board and had left LaGuardia Airport six minutes earlier, but it had to land after a flock of birds hit its engines. The event was remarkable because no one died. Because of this, the event was called the Miracle on the Hudson. In 2016, a movie was made recreating the crash. The movie is named "Sully", after the plane's main pilot Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger.

The plane took off from LaGuardia Airport at 3:26 pm. It was going to fly to Charlotte, North Carolina, and then it would fly onwards to Seattle, Washington state. Two minutes after the plane left the ground, it flew into a flock of Canada geese. Some of the geese were sucked into the plane's two engines. Both engines stopped working. The pilots, Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles realized that they needed to land the plane as soon as possible. They thought about heading back to LaGuardia Airport or trying to land at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey. They decided that they could not land at an airport and instead, they would have to land the plane in the river. This was also dangerous for two reasons. Firstly, the plane would break apart if it hit the water too quickly or if it hit something else. Secondly, the passengers would drown if they were not rescued quickly, as it would be hard to swim in the cold river.

The pilots landed the plane in the river at 3:31 pm. Unfortunately, because a passenger opened a rear emergency exit door, the plane started to slowly fill with water and sink. The passengers climbed out onto the wings and life rafts of the plane. Sullenberger had landed the plane near some boats, and the first boats reached the plane a few minutes after the landing. The boats rescued the passengers and crew. By 3:55 pm, everyone had been rescued. They were taken to both sides of the river. 24 passengers and two rescuers had to go to a hospital, but most of them left the hospital before the end of the day.

The National Transportation Safety Board investigated the event. In May 2010, they released a report which said that Sullenberger had made the right decision. The plane is now on display in the Sullenberger Aviation Museum in Charlotte.

Drum and bass

Drum and bass (also known as D&B or DnB) is a form of electronic dance music. It began in the 1990s in the United Kingdom.

It usually has a certain tempo and heavy bass. Disc jockeys sometimes play this music.



John F. Kennedy International Airport

John F. Kennedy International Airport is an international airport. It is on Long Island, in Queens County, New York in southeastern New York City about 12 miles (19 km) from Lower Manhattan. More people who fly into or out of the United States fly though this airport than any other. Also, the most air cargo is brought into or out of the United States through this airport.

The airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which also runs the two other major airports in the New York area, Newark Liberty International Airport and LaGuardia Airport. JFK airport is the base of operations for JetBlue Airways. It is also a major international airline hub for Delta Air Lines and American Airlines. Ninety airlines operate out of JFK.

