Maxwell's equations

Maxwell's equations describe how electric charges and electric currents create electric and magnetic fields. They describe how an electric field can generate a magnetic field. 

In the 1860s James Clerk Maxwell published equations that describe how charged particles give rise to electric and magnetic force per unit charge. The force per unit charge is called a field. The particles could be stationary or moving. These, and the Lorentz force equation, give everything one needs to calculate the motion of classical particles in electric and magnetic fields.

The first equation allows one to calculate the electric field created by a charge. The second allows one to calculate the magnetic field. The other two describe how fields 'circulate' around their sources. Magnetic fields 'circulate' around electric currents and time varying electric fields: Ampère's law with Maxwell's extension, while electric fields 'circulate' around time varying magnetic fields: Faraday's law.

where the following table provides the meaning of each symbol and the SI unit of measure:

and

where formula_4 is the "free" electric charge density (in units of C/m), not counting the dipole charges bound in a material, and formula_5 is the electric displacement field (in units of C/m). This equation is like Coulomb's law for non-moving charges in vacuum.

The next integral form (by the divergence theorem), also known as Gauss' law, says the same thing:

formula_7 is the area of a differential square on the closed surface A. The surface normal pointing out is the direction, and formula_8 is the free charge that is inside the surface.

In a "linear material", formula_5 is directly related to the electric field formula_10 with a constant called the permittivity, formula_11 (This constant is different for different materials):

You can pretend a material is linear, if the electric field is not very strong. 

The permittivity of free space is called formula_13, and is used in this equation:

Here formula_10 is the electric field again (in units of V/m), formula_16 is the total charge density (including the bound charges), and formula_13 (approximately 8.854 pF/m) is the permittivity of free space. One can also write formula_11 as formula_19. Here, formula_20 is the permittivity of the material when compared to the permittivity of free space. This is called the relative permittivity or "dielectric constant".

See also Poisson's equation.

formula_22 is the magnetic flux density (in units of tesla, T), also called the magnetic induction.

This next integral form says the same thing: 

The area of formula_7 is the area of a differential square on the surface formula_25. The direction of formula_7 is the surface normal pointing outwards on the surface of formula_25.

This equation only works if the integral is done over a closed surface.
This equation says, that in every volume the sum of the magnetic field lines that go in equals the sum of the magnetical field lines that go out. This means that the magnetic field lines must be closed loops. Another way of saying this is that the field lines cannot start from somewhere. 
This is the mathematical way of saying: "There are no magnetic monopoles".

This next integral form says the same thing: 

Here formula_30

This is what the symbols mean:

Φ is the magnetic flux that goes through the area A that the second equation describes,

E is the electric field that the magnetic flux causes,

s is a closed path in which current is induced, for example a wire,

v is the instantaneous velocity of the line element (for moving circuits).

The electromotive force is equal to the value of this integral. Sometimes this symbol is used for the electromotive force: formula_31, do not confuse it with the symbol for permittivity that was used before.

This law is like Faraday's law of electromagnetic induction.

Some textbooks show the right hand sign of the integral form with an "N" (N is the number of coils of wire that are around the edge of "A") in front of the flux derivative. The "N" can be taken care of in calculating "A" (multiple wire coils means multiple surfaces for the flux to go through), and it is an engineering detail so it's left out here.

The negative sign is needed for conservation of energy. It is so important that it even has its own name, Lenz's law.

This equation shows how the electric and magnetic fields have to do with each other. For example, this equation explains how electric motors and electric generators work. In a motor or generator, the field circuit has a fixed electric field that causes a magnetic field. This is called fixed excitation. The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit.
Maxwell's equations are used in a right-handed coordinate system. To use them in a left-handed system, without having to change the equations, the polarity of magnetic fields has to be made opposite (this is not wrong, but it is confusing because it is not usually done like this).

H is the magnetic field strength (in units of A/m), which you can get by dividing the magnetic flux B by a constant called the permeability, μ (B = μH), and J is the current density, defined by: 

J = ∫ρvdA 

v is a vector field called the drift velocity. It describes the speeds of the charge carriers that have a density described by the scalar function ρ.

In free space, the permeability μ is the permeability of free space, μ, which is "exactly" 4π×10 W/A·m, by definition. Also, the permittivity is the permittivity of free space ε. So, in free space, the equation is:

The next integral form says the same thing:

"s" is the edge of the open surface "A" (any surface with the curve "s" as its edge is okay here), and "I" is the current encircled by the curve "s" (the current through any surface is defined by the equation: "I" = ∫"J·dA)."

If the electric flux density does not change very fast, the second term on the right hand side (the displacement flux) is very small and can be left out, and then the equation is the same as Ampere's law.

There are only two covariant Maxwell Equations, because the covariant field vector includes the electrical and the magnetical field.

"Mathematical note: In this section the abstract index notation will be used."

In special relativity, Maxwell's equations for the vacuum are written in terms of four-vectors and tensors in the "manifestly covariant" form. This has been done to show more clearly the fact that Maxwell's equations (in vacuum) take the same form in any inertial coordinate system. This is the "manifestly covariant" form:

and

The second equation is the same as:

Here formula_38 is the 4-current, formula_39 is the field strength tensor (written as a 4 × 4 matrix), formula_40 is the Levi-Civita symbol, and formula_41 is the 4-gradient (so that formula_42 is the d'Alembertian operator). (The formula_43 in the first equation is implicitly summed over, according to Einstein notation.) The first tensor equation says the same thing as the two inhomogeneous Maxwell's equations: Gauss' law and Ampere's law with Maxwell's correction. The second equation say the same thing as the other two equations, the homogeneous equations: Faraday's law of induction and the absence of magnetic monopoles.

formula_38 can also be described more explicitly by this equation: formula_45 (as a contravariant vector), where you get formula_38 from the charge density ρ and the current density formula_47. The 4-current is a solution to the continuity equation:

formula_48

In terms of the 4-potential (as a contravariant vector) formula_49, where φ is the electric potential and formula_50 is the magnetic vector potential in the Lorentz gauge formula_51, "F" can be written as:

which leads to the 4 × 4 matrix rank-2 tensor:

The fact that both electric and magnetic fields are combined into a single tensor shows the fact that, according to relativity, both of these are different parts of the same thing—by changing frames of reference, what looks like an electric field in one frame can look like a magnetic field in another frame, and the other way around.

Using the tensor form of Maxwell's equations, the first equation implies 

formula_54
(See Electromagnetic four-potential for the relationship between the d'Alembertian of the four-potential and the four-current, expressed in terms of the older vector operator notation).

Different authors sometimes use different sign conventions for these tensors and 4-vectors (but this does not change what they mean).

formula_39 and formula_56 are "not" the same: they are related by the Minkowski metric tensor formula_57: formula_58. This changes the sign of some of "F"'s components; more complex metric dualities can be seen in general relativity.


Henry Knox

Henry Knox (1750-1806) was a military leader for the Americans during the American Revolutionary War. Originally from Boston, Massachusetts, he was appointed Chief Artillery Officer of the Continental Army. He is best known for transporting cannons and other artillery from Fort Ticonderoga to Boston through icy conditions using oxen. Later, George Washington named him the first Secretary of War. 

Fort Knox in Kentucky & Maine are named after him.

American Revolutionary War

The American Revolutionary War was a war fought between Great Britain and the original Thirteen Colonies in North America from 1775 to 1783. Most of the fighting was in North America and other places. The Continental Army, the rebel army, was led by George Washington and helped by France and Spain. They defeated the British Army after the British moved their attention to other matters.

After the war ended, the Thirteen Colonies became independent, which meant that the British Empire was no longer in charge of them. They became the first 13 states of a new country which they called the United States. 

Before the American Revolutionary War, another war occurred called the French and Indian war. The French and Indian war was fought between France and Britain and started in 1754. Britain lost a lot of money from this, so they began taxing Americans to gain it back. 

The war started after years of problems between the British Empire and the colonists of North America after the French and Indian War (also called the Seven Years' War). People in the Thirteen Colonies disliked many of the actions of the British government, such as the Intolerable Acts. For many years, the British government decided the countries that could trade with the colonies instead of letting the colonies decide for themselves. Many colonists wanted free trade.

In 1765, the British Parliament needed money to pay back the debt for the French and Indian War. They passed a Law called the Stamp Act. This law said that colonists had to buy stamps for legal papers, newspapers, and even playing cards, as other British people did. The money from the stamps went to the King. The colonies did not follow this law. The colonies kept refusing to do what the King wanted. The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre caused people to become more angry about the situation. The British sent more soldiers (who were called Red Coats by the colonists to insult them) to keep control of the colonies and they sometimes had to fight. In 1774, the British passed the Intolerable Acts to punish the colonists in Boston for the Boston Tea Party.

Not all colonists wanted to leave the British Empire. The "Loyalists", or Tories, stayed loyal to Great Britain. They were not going to change their views. The "Patriots", or Whigs, wanted independence. Before the Revolutionary War, most people in America were Loyalists; but after it, most people were Patriots.

Many colonists wrote letters showing how they felt. Thomas Paine wrote "Common Sense", a famous pamphlet about independence from Britain. Other colonial leaders, such as Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson wanted independence.

The first battles of the American Revolutionary War were Lexington and Concord. One of the first major battles was the Battle of Bunker Hill in 1775. Then, the British controlled Boston. Soon, the Second Continental Congress sent an Olive Branch Petition to King George III, which he rejected, and named George Washington head of the army. Early in 1776, Washington's army drove the British out of Boston.

A few months later, the Continental Army and the British troops under William Howe fought the New York and New Jersey Campaign. During the New York battles, the British started using Hessian troops, who were from Germany. Though the colonists lost New York, which the British would hold it for the rest of the war, Washington was able to hold onto most of his army. Over Christmas, 1776, Washington crossed the Delaware River and defeated the Hessians at Trenton and the British at Princeton.

In 1777, the British attacked Philadelphia, which was the American capital. Two battles were fought over Philadelphia: Brandywine and Germantown. Again, the Americans lost a major city, but Washington was able to keep most of his army. Around then, the Marquis de Lafayette joined the American Army from his native France. In 1778, the British left Philadelphia.

Between 1778 and 1781, most battles between Washington and the British were inconclusive and had no major effect militarily.

One of the most important battles was the Battle of Saratoga in 1777. American soldiers under Horatio Gates forced a British surrender under John Burgoyne. That led to France and Spain joining the war on the side of Americans, who they thought would win. Both powerful countries fought the British around the world. From 1778 to 1780, there was fighting in the West.

The Scottish commerce raider John Paul Jones also won several naval battles for the Americans over the British, but the French Navy did most of the fighting at sea. The Americans tried to capture Canada several times but failed.

In 1779, the main fighting shifted to Georgia and South Carolina. As the fighting spread northward, General Nathanael Greene led the rebels' campaign. He caused many people in the South to be Patriots instead of Loyalists and won several battles against the British.

In 1781, Washington and French General Jean Rochambeau led an offensive against British troops at Siege of Yorktown in Virginia. When their soldiers lost this battle, the British surrendered to the Americans. However, the British continued to fight the French and Spanish for two years and won in India, Gibraltar and elsewhere.

The American Revolution came to an end in 1783 when a peace treaty was signed in Paris, France. In the Treaty of Paris, British King George III accepted the independence of the colonies and recognized the newly created nation as the United States of America.

The treaty also gave all the land Britain claimed to own west of the Appalachians as far as the Mississippi River to the new country. The land would eventually become part of the United States and lead to the creation of 35 new states (some of them later rebelled as part of the Confederate States of America) that now make up the contiguous United States. Many Loyalists fled to Canada.

As is usual for 18th-century wars, casualty figures (killed/wounded/missing/captured) for the American Revolution are poorly known. Unlike American Civil War casualties, which were published in newspapers, Revolutionary War casualty reports are found in local town histories; total casualties of the Revolution are rough estimates.


1775

1775 was a common year.


Continental Army

The Continental Army was the fighting force of the thirteen British colonies in the American Revolutionary War. It was created in 1775 by the First Continental Congress. Most of the army was disbanded in 1783 after the conclusion of the war. The army was officially closed by a resolution of Congress in 1784. A Legion of the United States partly replaced it in 1792, and the United States Army replaced it in 1796.

Congress elected George Washington as the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army when it was formed. He led the army until it was disbanded.

Cream cheese

Cream cheese is a soft, mild-tasting, white cheese. Sometimes, it is given extra flavor by adding additional seasonings such as puréed garlic, chopped dill, or chopped olives; as well, some cream cheese has small pieces of fruit or other sweet food blended into it. Cream cheese is different from other cheese in that it is not allowed time to mature. It is either made by cream or a mixture of milk and cream.

Cream cheese is often spread on toasted bagels. Waffles with cream cheese and salsa is eaten in some areas of the United States.

Cream cheese is used to make cheesecake, a sweet, rich cake that is served for dessert.


Shrewsbury

Shrewsbury is the county town of Shropshire, a county of England. It is located 9 miles (14 km) east of the Welsh border and serves as the commercial centre for Shropshire and mid-Wales.

The town is very old. It was started around 700 AD. The town centre has almost the exact same medieval street plan and over 660 listed buildings. Many of these buildings have timber framing from the 15th and 16th centuries. There is also Shrewsbury Castle, which was built in 1074, and Shrewsbury Abbey, which was built in 1083. The town centre is almost completely surrounded by the River Severn.

Charles Darwin was born in Shrewsbury and lived there for 27 years.

The population of Shrewsbury is just over 76,000, making it the second largest town in Shropshire, the biggest being Telford.

The town has a railway station and a professional football club, Shrewsbury Town, who compete in League One.

Shrewsbury is twinned with Zutphen, Netherlands.
Shrewsbury Abbey is the setting of the Brother Cadfael Chronicles by Ellis Peters (Edith Pargeter). The books were later made into a television show. The story is about a 12th-century monk who solves mysteries. In 2013, the Abbey honoured Pargeter on the 100th anniversary of her birth.

Telford

Telford is a large town in the county of Shropshire, England. It is in the borough of Telford and Wrekin.

It is a new town and building began in the 1960s. It is known for its large shopping centre in the town centre. It also has an ice rink and a large park.

The population of Telford is just over 140,000. It is the largest town in Shropshire, however the county town is Shrewsbury.

The town has a railway station, Telford Central. The town also has a football club, A.F.C. Telford United.

Ludlow

Ludlow is a town in Shropshire, a county of England. The town is very old and dates back to around 800 AD. There is a large castle and many other historic buildings. 

There are just over 10,000 people living in the town.

It is the largest town in the South Shropshire area.

The town, though not large, is important in its area, which includes the Welsh Marches, Wales and South Shropshire. Its parish church, St Laurence's, is the largest in the county.

The A49, A4117, B4361 and B4365 roads pass through or go near Ludlow.

Ludlow has a train station.

South Shropshire

South Shropshire is an area of Shropshire in England.

It is very hilly and has few people living there. The only large town is Ludlow.

The area has many castles and other ancient features, such as stone circles.

Battle of Yorktown (1781)

The Battle of Yorktown, also called the Siege of Yorktown, fought from September 28-October 19, 1781. It is considered the last major land battle of the American Revolutionary War. The Continental Army, led by General George Washington, won a decisive victory against the British Army, led by General Lord Charles Cornwallis. Cornwallis was forced to surrender after being surrounded by Washington's army.

The Americans were assisted by the French, led by the Comte de Rochambeau. The battle took place in Yorktown, Virginia, near the York River. After the French fleet defeated a British fleet, Cornwallis was cut off and had to surrender to the French and the Continental Army. Eventually, it led to the Treaty of Paris in 1783, two years later.

British General Lord Cornwallis had fought against the Americans in 1776 and 1777. He was convinced the Americans could not defeat a British army in the field. In 1778 he returned to England to care for his wife who died in February 1779. After a few months he returned to America to continue the fight. While he was gone, there was a change in British strategy. Before, the British had concentrated on defeating and destroying Washington's army. Now, since the French had joined the Americans, it was no longer just a rebellion but a world war. Earlier, the French had been helping the Americans with loans and war supplies. Now France and Spain were fighting against the British, who had to move troops from North America to defend other places. The new strategy was to win back the Southern colonies beginning with Georgia. The British thought that as many as 50 percent of the population in the South was loyal to Britain. They would start with Georgia and move north through The Carolinas to the Virginia Colony.

On his arrival in New York City, Cornwallis was made second-in-command to General Henry Clinton. The two generals did not trust each other. Clinton was convinced Washington would attack him in New York. He was afraid of sending troops home and having to depend more on Loyalist militia. Cornwallis was ready to go ahead with what troops he had. Clinton was suspicious Cornwallis' return from England was to get a command for himself. In fact, Cornwallis had secured a commission to replace Clinton if Clinton repeated his threats to resign.

Clinton sent Cornwallis south to recapture Charleston, South Carolina following the new plan. Soon, Cornwallis began acting independently of Clinton, who stayed safe in New York City. Cornwallis wasn't going to play it safe and advance by careful steps as he had been instructed. When he saw a chance to attack the new patriot army under Major General Horatio Gates, he did so without orders nearly wiping out the Americans.

Cornwallis moved carelessly. He left American units, such as the one led by Francis Marion (called the "Swamp Fox"), in his rear. The American general Nathanael Greene noticed this right away. He broke up his command into smaller units in order to plague Cornwallis. Finally the two armies met at the Battle of Guilford Court House, which neither army won. During this time Cornwallis was not sending messages to Clinton telling him where he was. After Guilford Court House, Cornwallis moved to the coast of North Carolina to rest his men. Then, again without orders, he decided to march north to Virginia. Frustrated by this, Clinton sent Cornwallis a number of contradictory messages. Most of them were worded as suggestions rather than orders. But he did order Cornwallis to find a defensible position. This was so he could be evacuated by the Royal Navy, possibly to Philadelphia. Cornwallis decided on the community of Yorktown and his men started building defenses there in August 1781 to wait for the Navy.

In New York, Washington learned that the French Admiral François Joseph Paul de Grasse was sailing north from the West Indies. Rochambeau convinced Washington they could attack and defeat Cornwallis. The two commanders began marching south to meet de Grasse's 27 ships and 3,200 troops. Clinton learned of this and sent a British naval fleet to the Chesapeake Bay to cut them off. But the French and Americans arrived first. In the Battle of the Chesapeake the French navy forced the British ships back to New York City. Clinton warned Cornwallis in early September he would soon be facing American and French troops but promised him reinforcements by sea. Clinton had not yet learned of the French naval victory and did not know he could not rescue Cornwallis by sea. By the end of September, Washington and Rochambeau had surrounded Yorktown. Cornwallis received another message in late September from Clinton telling him help was on the way. Cornwallis was misled again and thought he only had to hold out for a few days.

Just after the clash between the French and British Fleets, a smaller French squadron carrying the French army's siege artillery slipped into the Chesapeake. Now the French and Americans had bigger guns than Cornwallis had behind his earthen fortifications.

Marching out of Williamsburg, Virginia the Americans and French arrived on September 28, 1781 at Yorktown. They surrounded the earthworks in a Semicircle with the York River completing the circle. Cornwallis made the first move, abandoning his outer works made up of four redoubts. Washington and Rochambeau thought this was a mistake. They sent troops to occupy the outer earthworks. The Americans and French began setting up their siege operations on September 30, first on the east side. By October 9, they were close enough to begin the bombardment. The Americans and French stormed two of the redoubts on October 14, forcing the British back even further. By that time it became obvious the British could not hold out much longer. On October 16, the British attacked two of the redoubts they had abandoned and spiked the guns. At the same time Cornwallis attempted to slip past the guards to Gloucester (now Gloucester Point, Virginia) across the river but was turned back by a storm. Finally, with no sign of relief as promised by Clinton, Cornwallis' army of 6,000 soldiers surrendered.

The casualties were about 500 British, 200 French and 80 Americans. Captured were 240 artillery pieces, a large supply of small arms and ammunition, plus equipment. General Cornwallis did not attend the surrender. Claiming to be sick, he sent General Charles O'Hara to surrender for him. O'Hara first tried to surrender to Comte de Rochambeau. Rochambeau directed him to surrender to General Washington. In turn, Washington directed him to surrender to General Benjamin Lincoln who accepted O'Hara's sword. As the British stacked their guns marching out of the fortress, their band played "The World Turned Upside Down". When Lord North, the British Prime Minister, received news of the surrender he cried out "Oh God, it is all over!"

The battles of Saratoga in 1777 and Yorktown in 1781 were two major turning points in the Revolutionary war. Both were American victories over the British, but with very different results. The British defeat at Saratoga prolonged the war, while the battle at Yorktown foretold its end. Saratoga convinced the French to join the Americans against the British. Yorktown was a joint victory by the French and the Americans over the British. France and her allies continued to fight hard for two more years, but there was little fighting anymore on the American continent. The Treaty of Paris (1783) ended the war.


Battle of Saratoga

The Battle of Saratoga is considered the turning point of the American Revolution. The battle was fought in late 1777. It was actually two engagements: the Battle of Freeman's Farm (September 19) and the Battle of Bemis Heights (October 7). The Americans were led by General Horatio Gates. The British were led by General John Burgoyne. On October 17 Burgoyne surrendered his army of nearly 6,000 British soldiers. The American victory helped convince France to come to the aid of the Continental Army. It also helped them recognize the United States. 

In early 1777, General William Howe asked London to approve his plan to attack Philadelphia. This would destroy the rebellious American government. In Canada, General John Burgoyne submitted a plan to move down through New York and meet General Howe at Albany. This would divide the colonies. London approved both plans. Burgoyne began moving down the Hudson River valley from Canada. He split his force into two columns. One, under Colonel Barry St. Leger moved east from Lake Ontario down the Mohawk Valley. They attacked the Americans at Fort Stanwix. The Americans sent two parties to relieve the fort. The second, under the command of Benedict Arnold, drove the British away from the fort. St. Leger's column retreated back to Lake Ontario. Burgoyne continued south with his own column of about 7,000 British and Hessian soldiers. He was joined by about 500 native Americans, allied to the British. 

Burgoyne made a proclamation to his Indians to go out and strike at the enemy. He added that women and children, or any who did not oppose them should not be killed. But men, women and children were killed. One famous incident upset all the colonists. A young woman named Jane McCrea was engaged to marry one of Burgoyne's young tory officers. Indians bringing her to Burgoyne fought over her, killed and scalped her. Burgoyne wouldn't punish the Indian who killed her. This proved he could not even protect friendly colonists. Newspapers in the colonies spread the story. As a result, a great many Americans who had been neutral took up arms against the British. The story even reached England. In the House of Commons Edmund Burke spoke out against the British policy of using Native American allies.

Howe had captured Philadelphia. But it took so long he did not send any forces north to support Burgoyne. On September 19 Burgoyne attacked the Americans who were entrenched on Bemis Heights near Saratoga. He again fought Americans at Freeman's Farm. This time it was American riflemen under the command of Daniel Morgan. American Marksman killed a large number of British and Hessian officers. This was intended to cause confusion among the British forces. Burgoyne lost about 600 casualties. He claimed victory although he was still held in place by the Americans.

Burgoyne tried and failed to attack the Americans again on October 7. But the Americans held out against him. A counterattack led by Benedict Arnold pushed the British back further until they finally retreated back to Saratoga. This battle cost Burgoyne another 600 casualties. The American losses were less than 150. Burgoyne's army was now surrounded by a much larger and growing American army. On October 13, 1777 Burgoyne asked for a Ceasefire. Horatio Gates, the American commander asked for Burgoyne's surrender. But Burgoyne stalled and did not give an answer. The terms given by Gates were harsh. Finally Gates offered better terms. On October 17, Burgoyne surrendered. 

Burgoyne surrendered his whole army of 5,752. He gave up 42 cannons, 7,000 muskets and all his supplies. Officers were separated from their men and placed on parole. Unlike their men they were allowed to keep their pistols. Gates invited Burgoyne to dine with him. The two men were friendly. Each toasted the other's leader. The British and Hessian soldiers were marched to Boston. Per the agreement they were to return to England on their promise not to fight again. While some did return to England, Congress changed the terms. Many were sent to prisons in the colonies to wait out the war.


1189

1189 was a common year.




Horatio Gates

Horatio Gates (1726 - 1806) was an American general in the American Revolutionary War. General Gates fought for the Continental Army and is credited with the decisive American victory at the Battle of Saratoga in 1777. 

In the earlier French and Indian War, he fought along with George Washington against the French, as an officer in the British Army.
However, Gates also lost to British General Charles Cornwallis at the Battle of Camden in 1780. He had a child named Robert. He lead the Americans at the battle of Saratoga

1198

1198 (MCXCVIII) was .



1435

1435 was a common year.


Heinrich-Heine-University

Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf (HHU) () is the university of Düsseldorf, Germany, named after the most famous son of Düsseldorf, the poet Heinrich Heine.

In the era of Napoleon Bonaparte there was the first university in Düsseldorf, which ended after Napoleon surrendered.
So in the further 19th century there was only a Medical Academy and the famous Arts School of Düsseldorf and a Teacher Academy (Special University only for studying to became a teacher) until the 1970s, but no regular university, in Düsseldorf. In the 1960s the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia decided to have a regular university in the state's capital. The university started about 1970.
It got its name only in the 1980s, because the medicine faculty wanted to have a physician's name, because of the tradition as Medical Academy.

Currently the Heinrich-Heine-University is a university with about 20,000 students, which is middle-class in Germany.
It has a lot of subjects in sciences, arts, economics, and so on. The deep points are on biological-medicinal research in sciences and some deep points in arts, economics, political sciences, and philosophy.

Like most German universities it has many subjects:

1239

1239 is a year in the 13th century and a common year starting on Saturday. It was also the last year of the 1230s decade.


Siberian tiger

The Siberian tiger or Amur tiger ("Panthera tigris tigris") is the largest felid in the world. They live in eastern Russia's birch forests, and there are some in China and North Korea. It is estimated that there are around 400 to 500 Siberian tigers left in the wild.

In 2017, the Cat Specialist Group revised felid taxonomy and now recognizes all the tiger populations in mainland Asia as P. t. tigris.

Siberian tigers are the largest of all tigers, as well as the largest of all the big cats. They can grow up to the length of 10-12 ft (3–3.65 meters), but some can be as long as . They usually weigh around 550–750 pounds, and weigh 650 pounds on average. To keep themselves from becoming cold in the winters, Siberian tigers have thicker fur coats than tigers which live in southern Asia. They also have a thick layer of fat which helps keep them warm. Like all other tigers, Siberian tigers have orange fur with black stripes. Siberian tigers have extra fur around their necks and paws which helps them keep warm. Siberian tigers have less orange in their coats, and have fewer stripes.

Siberian tigers are located in northeast China, the Russian Far East and parts of North Korea. This region is called the "Amur Region", which is named after the Amur River. This region is covered with mountainous areas and coniferous forests. In the summer, the temperature is between mild and hot. In the winter, it may be very cold, especially at higher altitudes.

Like other tigers, the Siberian tiger likes to live on its own. Each Siberian tiger has its own large amount of territory. Male tigers' territories will usually cross those of several females' territories, but will usually not cross the territories of other males. In their territories, Siberian tigers usually have a lair in a cave or another area.

Since Siberian tigers live in such cold regions, an adult needs to eat at least of food every day to survive, but adults can eat as much as 50 kilograms of meat. Siberian tigers are carnivores. Siberian tigers are apex predators. Siberian tigers feed mainly on wild boar, moose and deer. If regular prey is unavailable they will eat fish, rodents, rabbits, wolves, asian black bears, and even small brown bears. During normal conditions, around 50 percent of the tiger's diet will be of wild boar.

While hunting, a Siberian tiger can run up to speeds of , but running at this speed takes a lot of energy, so the Siberian tiger will only run short distances. The Siberian tiger has good night vision and likes to hunt during the night, when it can more easily surprise its prey. It also has excellent hearing and sense of smell which it uses to find and attack prey.

Siberian tigers live alone and only come together in mating season. The mating season usually begins in December, and lasts through January. Females are pregnant for around three to three and a half months before giving birth to their cubs in early spring. Females usually give birth to around 3–4 cubs at a time. When born, the Siberian tiger cub is blind and toothless and is no larger than a normal house cat. It stays blind for around two weeks. The mother starts teaching the cubs how to hunt when the cubs are around 1 year old. The cubs then stay with their mother until they are 3–5 years old.


Cassette

Cassette may mean:
Some of kinds of cassettes are:

Audio cassette

An audio cassette is a type of cassette which can store music and sounds. To play a tape, a cassette player or cassette recorder is used. This is also known as a cassette deck, by analogy with reel-to-reel decks. Cassettes store the sound on a magnetic tape that is wound around the two reels in the cassette. Like vinyl records, most cassettes have two sides, called the A-side and B-side. The listener flips the cassette over to play or record on the other side. Some players have auto-reverse, meaning they can play both sides on their own. Cassettes have a tab in the upper left corner that can be removed to prevent accidentally recording over the tape. Cassettes typically hold anywhere from a few minutes up to an hour of audio per side. The longer the tape, the thinner it must be. Tapes longer than 60 minutes (30 minutes per side), and especially those longer than 90 minutes (45 minutes per side), tend to be fragile and more likely to break or get jammed inside the player.

The standard audio cassette was invented in 1962 by Lou Ottens of the Philips company. They named it the "Compact Cassette". The first cassettes and cassette recorders had poor audio quality. They were used for recording speech rather than music. Over time, audio quality improved, and they became usable for music. During the 1970s, the cassette grew to be a popular physical format for . Their popularity grew further during the following decades. The Walkman, released in 1979, made the cassette very popular in the 1980s. In the 1990s, CDs became more popular than cassettes for prerecorded music, however the cassette remained the most popular format for homemade recordings until CD recorders became affordable in the early 2000s.

Some early home computers, such as the Commodore 64, used cassettes to store data or computer programs. Some cassettes were marketed specifically for data, although these cassettes were not physically different from those used for audio. Software and games were also sold on cassettes. In the late 1980s, higher-capacity tape formats, floppy disks, and CD-ROMs made this usage of the cassette obsolete. Another format called D/CAS (Data Cassette), sometimes called a streamer cassette, was also available. It was based on the audio cassette, but it had a different formulation of tape that was designed for data only, and used a special tape drive that was incompatible with normal cassettes. It could store up to 600 MB of data. Unlike normal cassettes, it had only one side.

There are four types of cassettes, each using a different magnetic particle bonded to the plastic tape stock. The tape type alone is not an indicator of the quality of the tape; there are high-quality and poor-quality examples of all four types.

Hybrid formats also exist, for example cobalt tapes meant to be recorded as a Type I or metal particle tapes meant to be recorded as a Type II.

As compact discs grew in popularity, cassettes were used less. In 2011, the Oxford English Dictionary attempted to remove the word "cassette tape" from a small version of its book. Cassettes are still popular with some audiophiles, as it is an analog format that is portable and more convenient than vinyl.

Several media formats have been developed to replace the cassette. Among these are the Elcaset, stereo microcassette, Digital Audio Tape, Digital Compact Cassette, MiniDisc, and CD-R. With the exception of CD-R, none of these formats ever surpassed the popularity of the cassette.

1694

1694 was a common year.


Fight Club

Fight Club is a 1999 American drama movie. It stars Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter. The movie was directed by David Fincher. It is based on a novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk.

The story is about an unnamed character's path during a dark form of personal enlightenment (or eternal happiness) which is achieved primarily through fighting. The story is dark and, in both the book and the movie, contains strong depictions of violence. There are a large number of metaphors which are revealed in its complex and twisted storyline. Some would think that the morals and life guidelines taught in the story would be an extreme form of Buddhism, such as the idea of detachment from material possessions (things). The central character has dissociative identity disorder.



Top of the Pops

Top of the Pops is a British music show, which featured popular artists performing their songs. It started in 1964 and ended in 2006 because not enough people were watching it any more. It was hosted by many presenters over the years, most notably by Sir Jimmy Savile, who opened the very first show on New Year's Day 1964 on BBC1.

TOTP2 (Top of the Pops 2) is a variant of the show. However, it featured a collection of archive performances by artists spanning the past four decades.

The show was regularly hosted by Steve Wright, up until 2009, when Mark Radcliffe replaced him. A new episode of the programme is shown on 25 December each year.

Trinidad and Tobago

Trinidad and Tobago (officially called the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago) is a country in the south Caribbean Sea. It is 11 km (7 miles) away from Venezuela. The country has two bigger islands, Trinidad and Tobago, and many smaller islands. The capital is Port-of-Spain. The country has about 1,262,366 people in it.

Trinidad and Tobago received independence from the United Kingdom on August 31, 1962. Before that, it was ruled by the U.K. Right now, the head of state (person who is in charge of the country) is Ms Paula-Mae Weekes. The head of government (person who is in charge of the government) are Prime Minister Keith Rowley and President Paula-Mae Weekes.

Trinidad and Tobago is very diverse. It has people of many different races and religions. There are people who are children of Africans, Europeans, Arabs, Indians, and Chinese who moved to the islands a long time ago. The biggest religions in the country are Christianity and Hinduism. There are also Islam and African religions in the country. Trinidad and Tobago was home to the indigenous Caribs.

The country has some natural gas beneath the ground and underwater in the ocean. Natural gas is a liquid that makes machines work and heats houses. Also, many people called tourists visit the islands. They take pictures and learn about the islands.

The people in the country are famous for their music and artists such as Nicki Minaj and Haddaway. They also play football and cricket.

The population of Trinidad and Tobago is 1.17 million as of (2002). The ethnic groups of the population are: 



Mount St. Helens

Mount St. Helens is a volcano in the U.S. state of Washington. It is 96 miles (154 km) south of Seattle and 53 miles (85 km) northeast of Portland, Oregon. The volcano is in Cascade Range of mountains. It is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc in the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanos. This is a deadly volcano.

Mount St. Helens was first called "Louwala-Clough", which means "smoking" or "fire mountain" in the language of the Native American Klickitat people. This volcano is well known for its explosions and flows of lava. Its most famous volcanic eruption was on May 18, 1980. In 1982, U.S. President Ronald Reagan and the United States Congress made the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, a 110,000 acre (445 km²) area around the volcano that is also a part of the Gifford Pinchot National Forest.

The 1980 eruption was the deadliest and most economically destructive volcanic event in the history of the United States. 57 people were killed; 250 homes, 47 bridges, 15 miles of railways, and 185 miles of highway were destroyed. A massive debris avalanche was triggered by an earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale. This caused the eruption, which reduced the height of the mountain's summit from to and replacing it with a wide horseshoe-shaped crater. The earthquake was caused by a sudden surge of magma from the Earth's mantle. The debris avalanche was up to 0.7 cubic miles (3.1 cubic kilometers) in volume.

Before the eruption in 1980, Mount St. Helens was the fifth-highest peak in Washington State. The peak rose more than 5,000 feet (1,525 m) above its base, where it rises from the ridges that are around it. It stood out from the surrounding hills because of the symmetrical cone shape and the snow that covered the top. Because of its cone-shape, it was called the "Mount Fuji of America", after the famous Mount Fuji which is a symbol of Japan.

In the months before the large eruption that took place on May 18, 1980, there were many signs of volcanic activity. On March 20, 1980, Mount St. Helens was the center of a magnitude 4.2 earthquake. Steam venting from the volcano started on March 27. By the end of April, the north side of the volcano started to grow larger.

On May 18, a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 made a huge part of the north face of the volcano collapse. It was the largest known debris avalanche in recorded history. At 8:32 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time, the magma inside of St. Helens exploded. On the Volcanic Explosivity Index scale, the eruption was rated a five, which is the same rating of the famous Vesuvius eruption in 79 AD.

For more than nine hours, ash erupted from the volcano, rising into the air for 12 to 16 miles (20 to 27 km) above sea level in the air. This cloud rising from a volcano is called a "plume". The pyroclastic flow of heated rocks and gas that poured out of the Volcano spread over an area of over 230 square miles (600 km²), destroying plants and buildings. The ash spread east at about 60 miles per hour (95 km/h), with some ash reaching Idaho by about 12:00 pm, almost 3.5 hours after the eruption. By about 5:30 pm the plume of ash became smaller. Through the night and for several days after, there were smaller eruptions.

As well as the effect of the fast-moving hot gasses and stones from the explosion, the collapse of the northern side of Mount St. Helens caused "lahars", or volcanic mudflows. These were mixtures of volcanic ash with melted ice and snow. The lahars went many miles down the Toutle and Cowlitz rivers, destroying bridges and killing many trees. A total of 3.9 million cubic yards (3.0 million m³) of material was carried 17 miles (27 km) south into the Columbia River by the lahars.
The St. Helens May 18 eruption released 24 megatons of thermal energy. It released more than 0.67 cubic miles (2.8 cubic km) of ash and other material. The collapse of the north side of the volcano shortened St. Helens' height by about 1,300 feet (400 m) and left a volcanic crater one to two miles (1.6 to 3.2 km) wide and half of a mile (800 m) deep. The eruption 
killed 57 people, nearly 7,000 game animals (deer, elk, and bear), and about 12 million fish from a fish farm. It destroyed or damaged over 200 homes, 185 miles (300 km) of highway and of railways.

Between 1980 and 1986, more volcanic activity continued at Mount Saint Helens, with a new lava dome made in the crater. Several small explosions and eruptions took place, making more lava domes. From December 7, 1989 to January 6, 1990, and from November 5, 1990 to February 14, 1991, the volcano erupted with sometimes huge clouds of ash.

The ash reached a number of states, as far east as Montana and as south as Colorado.

Magma bubbles came to the top of the volcano on about October 11, 2004, and a new lava dome was made on the first dome's south side. This new dome grew throughout 2005 and into 2006. Several new features were seen, such as the "whaleback," which is solid magma being pushed to the top of the volcano by magma under it. These features do not last long and break down soon after they are formed. On July 2, 2005, the tip of the whaleback broke off, and a rockfall sent ash several hundred meters into the air.

Mount St. Helens showed important new activity on March 8, 2005, when a 36,000-foot (11,000 m) plume of steam and ash came from the volcano. The plume was seen from as far away as Seattle, a city that is 96 miles away. This fairly small eruption took place because of a new lava dome being formed and a 2.5 magnitude earthquake.

Another feature that grew from the dome is a "fin" or "slab." About half the size of a football field, the large volcanic rock was being moved up as fast as 6 feet (2 m) per day. In mid-June 2006, the slab had rockfalls very often, but was still being pushed up from inside the volcano.

On October 22, 2006, at 3:13 p.m. PST, a magnitude 3.5 earthquake broke the lava dome. The resulting collapse and avalanche sent an ash plume 2,000 feet (610 m) over the crater, although it quickly disappeared.

On December 19, 2006, a large white plume of steam was seen, and some journalists from the media thought there had been a small eruption. However, the Cascades Volcano Observatory of the United States Geological Survey says that there was no large ash plume, so it could not have been an eruption. The volcano has been erupting on occasion since October 2004.


Oder-Neisse line

The Oder-Neisse line (named after the Oder and Neisse rivers) is the border between Germany and Poland since the end of the Second World War. As a result of the defeat Germany lost a part of its territory to Poland. Previously, the German Empire had to cede the former Prussian provinces of Posen and Westpreußen, as well as parts of upper Silesia, to the newly founded Polish state after the First World War in 1919. In earlier centuries these territories were part of the . They were annexed to the Kingdom of Prussia, as a result of the of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth by the , the Holy Roman Empire and the Russian Empire. 

Most of the ethnically-German part of the population of these provinces, alongside most of the German minority population in what was Poland before the Second World War (), either fled before the to central and western Germany or were forcibly resettled later. It should be noted here that German citizens of Polish descent and ethically-Polish residents of these regions and other parts of Germany faced systematic discrimination, internment in concentration camps, property-confiscations, forced-resettlement and expulsion under the Nazi administration.

Jimmy Wales

Jimmy Donal "Jimbo" Wales (; born August 7, 1966) is an American-born British Internet entrepreneur. He is one of the people who started Wikipedia and Wikia. Wales was born in Huntsville, Alabama, United States. There, he went to Randolph School. He then earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees in finance. In 1996, he and two partners started Bomis. Bomis was an Internet portal with entertainment and adult content. The company gave money for Nupedia (2000–2003) and, after that, Wikipedia.

Wales has been married three times. He also has three children. Jimmy is of Jewish ancestry When he was 20, Wales married Pam. Pam was a worker at a store in Alabama. He met his second wife, Christine Rohan, through a friend in Chicago. They had a daughter before their marriage ended. Wales moved to San Diego in 1998. In 2002, he moved again to Florida. In 2007, he still lived there. As of 2012 he lives in London, England. In 2012, Wales married Kate Garvey, a government worker for Tony Blair. Wales has three daughters: one with Rohan and two with Garvey.

Wales says that he follows the ideas of Objectivism. He also says that he is a libertarian to some extent, meaning that he thinks people should be allowed to do whatever they want so long as they do not hurt others.

On January 15, 2001, with Larry Sanger and others, Wales started Wikipedia. Wikipedia is a free, open content encyclopedia. It grew and became popular very quickly. As Wikipedia became known to the public, he became the project’s promoter and spokesperson. He is often called a co-founder of Wikipedia, though he has argued against the "co-" part. He said he was the only founder. Wales is on the Board of Trustees of the Wikimedia Foundation. In 2004, he co-founded Wikia, a wiki-hosting service which tries to make money. In 2015, Wales started the Jimmy Wales Foundation for freedom of expression, to try to help bloggers or internet activists who are in prison.

Exeter

Exeter is a city in South West England on the River Exe, from which it takes its name. It is the county town of Devon. Just over 100,000 live there. In the city are a ruined castle, much of the old Roman city wall, and Exeter Cathedral.
Exeter was built by the Romans, who called it "Isca Dumnoniorum" (Isca of the Dumnonii, the local British tribe). After the Romans left and the Anglo-Saxons moved into the area in the seventh century, the name changed to Exeter. In the 1060s, Exeter was a centre of resistance to the Norman conquest.

In 1050, the Bishop of Crediton moved to Exeter; from then until 1876 the bishops were the heads of the church in the whole of Devon and Cornwall. Now, only Devon is within the Exeter diocese.
Today it is home to the Meteorological Office, which forecasts the country's weather.

United States Congress

The United States Congress is the legislative, or law making, branch of the United States government. It meets in the United States Capitol.

It has two houses (parts): The United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. This two house system is known as a bicameral ("bi" is the Latin word for "two", and "camera" is Latin for "chamber" or "room") legislature. There are 435 Representatives in Congress, split between the states based on how many people live in the state. There are 100 Senators in Congress, with two coming from each state.

The primary duty of Congress is to write, debate, and pass bills (laws they want). For Congress to pass a bill, both houses must pass exactly the same bill. For each house to pass a bill, more than half of its members must vote in favor of passing the bill. After both houses pass the same bill, this bill is then sent to the President. If the President agrees the bill should be a law he or she signs the bill within 10 days. If the president does not agree, then he or she can veto the bill and send it back to Congress. If the bill is neither signed nor vetoed by the president within 10 days, the bill becomes law anyway if Congress does not adjourn (end its session) within that time. If Congress adjourns within that time, the bill does not become a law. Congress may override a president's veto of a bill by having more than two thirds of its members passing the bill. In that case, the bill becomes law even though the president vetoed it. 

Article 1 of the United States Constitution lists what subjects Congress can pass laws on. 

Members of Congress cannot be arrested, except for certain crimes, during a session of Congress or going to or returning from a session. 

Each house of Congress can decide to expel (throw out) one of its members if more than two thirds of them vote to expel him or her. 

The political party with the most members in a house of Congress usually decides which bills are voted on in their house.


Charles Cornwallis

Lord Charles Cornwallis (31 December 1738 5 October 1805) was a British general and colonial governor. He is best known for leading the British forces in the American Revolution.

His parents were Elizabeth, and Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis.

Cornwallis moved to the 13 colonies in North America in 1776 to try to control the rebelling colonies. He fought at the Battle of Princeton. George Washington led the Americans in that battle. Later, Cornwallis led British forces through North Carolina and South Carolina, where he fought against American forces under Nathanael Greene. In October 1781, Cornwallis's forces surrendered to George Washington at the Battle of Yorktown, ending the American Revolution.

In 1786 Cornwallis was appointed Governor-General of the British colony of India.

From 1798 to 1801 Cornwallis was Lord Lieutenant and Commander in Chief of Ireland.

He died in 1805 because of a fever.

Battle of Princeton

The Battle of Princeton was a battle during the American Revolution. It was fought in January of 1777 near Princeton, New Jersey. The battle came a week after the Battle of Trenton, where General George Washington had led the Continental Army to a surprise victory over the British.

The Continental Army, led by Washington, advanced to Princeton after their victory at Trenton. The army defeated a small British force. A larger British force, led by Charles Cornwallis, was alerted and gave chase. However, the Continental Army burned the bridges behind them and sniped at the British army before escaping to Morristown, New Jersey.

The battle resulted in about 200 casualties (deaths) for the British along with another 300 injured or captured, while the Americans suffered minimal losses. The battle boosted American morale.

Fork

A fork is a tool for eating. It has points called "tines". Most forks have three or four tines. Some cooking-forks have two tines. The tines help you pick up your food. Forks are useful only for eating solid food. For example, a fork would be useless for eating soup because all the soup would fall through the tines and into your lap. Most forks are made of metal. Some are made of plastic or wood.

The word "fork" is also used to describe a two choices of course. A fork in the road would be a split in the road leading in two (or more) directions. A forked tongue would have two parts or tips.

Forks are very common in Western culture. Many countries do not use forks, but instead have their own ways to eat food, such as chopsticks.


Backgammon

Backgammon is a game played by two players. Each player moves pieces around a board. Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn. The winner of one game is the first to get all pieces all the way around, and off, the board.

The game is laid-out asymmetrically. White's direction of travel is counter-clockwise, whereas black's direction of travel is clockwise. There is no advantage to either side due to this asymmetry.

White moves from white's far right to white's home area on white's close right, in the shape of a right-hand "C" from white's point of view. Black moves along the same "C", beginning from black's far left and ending at black's home area on black's close left. The "C" is the same for both sides - the "C" points to the right for white and points to the left for black.

As shown in the image, some pieces (for each side) begin already in the home quadrant, and some pieces must make their way all the way around. Pieces can be sent backwards to their starting position during play.

The roll of two dice introduces a random component in the game, but Backgammon is basically a game of strategy. 
Usual playing time is around 15–30 minutes for a single game. This can be thought of as something like one particular long "hand" of a card game. An overall championship or round of backgammon involves a number of ongoing single games, with the involvement of points, a "doubling cube," and other complications.

The game has a long history. Games that resemble it have been played for thousands of years. Archaeologists doing excavations at a place called "Burnt City" in modern-day Iran have found parts of a game that resembled backgammon. They have found 60 pieces to play with, and two dice. They could show that the game utensils date from around 3000 BC. These pieces around 100–200 years older than another set, found in Ur, in Mesopotamia.

Cell wall

A cell wall is the wall of a cell in plants, bacteria, fungi, algae, and some archaea. Animal cells do not have cell walls, nor do protozoa. Cell walls protect the cells from damage. It is also there to make the cell strong, to keep its shape, and to control the growing of the cell and plant.

The cell wall is the tough, usually flexible but sometimes fairly rigid layer that surrounds some types of cells. It is outside the cell membrane and gives these cells support and protection, as well as acting as a filter. The cell wall also acts as a pressure vessel, preventing over-expansion when water enters the cell by osmosis. 

The material in the cell wall varies. In plants and algae, the cell wall is made of long molecules of cellulose, pectin, and hemicellulose. The cell wall has channels which let some proteins in and keeps others out. Water and small molecules can go through the cell wall and the cell membrane.

The cell wall has mechanical strength, and supports cell shape. This mechanical strength is its main function:
Although the plant cell wall is strong, it is not rigid or stiff. The flexibility of the cell walls is seen when plants wilt, so that the stems and leaves begin to droop.

Some plants add stiffening material to some of their cell walls. A "secondary" cell wall is an additional layer of cellulose which increases wall rigidity. More layers may be added containing lignin in xylem cell walls, or containing suberin in cork cell walls. These compounds are rigid and waterproof. They make the secondary wall stiff. Both wood and bark cells of trees have secondary walls. Other parts of plants such as the leaf stalk may get reinforcement to resist the strain of physical forces.

Small molecules, including small proteins, can easily get through the primary plant cell wall. Water and carbon dioxide are distributed throughout the plant. The pH is an important factor in the transport of molecules through cell walls.

Around the outside of the cell membrane is the bacterial cell wall. Bacterial cell walls are made of peptidoglycan, which is made from polysaccharide chains cross-linked by unusual peptides containing D-amino acids. Bacterial cell walls are different from the cell walls of plants and fungi which are made of cellulose and chitin, respectively.

The cell wall of bacteria is also distinct from that of Archaea, which do not contain peptidoglycan. The cell wall is essential to the survival of many bacteria. The antibiotic penicillin is able to kill bacteria by preventing the cross-linking of peptidoglycan and this causes the cell wall to weaken and lyse. The lysozyme enzyme can also damage bacterial cell walls.

The middle lamella gives the cell shape, support, and strength. It is made of calcium and magnesium. Even though it is called "middle" lanella, it is the outer part of the cell. The middle lamella is the first wall of the cell to give protection.

Animal cells do not have cell walls. They have microfilaments (the thinnest filaments of the cytoskeleton).

Friction

Friction is a force that acts to stop the movement of two touching things. The energy lost to friction is turned into sound and heat. Two kinds of friction are static and kinetic. Static friction is when the friction is strong enough to stop movement between two objects. Kinetic friction is used when the frictional force is not strong enough to stop all motion. An effect of kinetic friction is heat production. 

Many everyday mechanisms that use friction include car brakes, suitcases, and shoes. Even a person sliding across the floor uses a form of friction.

Some facts about friction are:







Lima

Lima is the capital city (where the government works), and is considered the most important and largest city of Peru. 75% of the Peruvian economy is handled in Lima. 
Lima is the industrial and financial center of Peru, and one of the most important financial centers in Latin America.

It is an important city of South America and the entrance to Peru. Lima is city in constant urban growth. It has a large population. Over 8 million people live in the metropolitan area, which includes Callao Seaport. Lima is the fifth largest city in Latin America, behind Mexico City, São Paulo, Buenos Aires and Rio de Janeiro.

The city was founded by the Spanish conquistador (conqueror) Francisco Pizarro on January 18, 1535. He called it 'La Ciudad de los Reyes' (the City of the Kings). It became the capital and most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Perú. And after the Peruvian War of Independence, it became the capital of the Republic of Peru.

In the 1940s, Lima started a period of rapid growth, with the migration from the Andean regions of Peru, as rural people. They wanted to find better opportunities for work and education. The population, estimated at 0.6 million in 1940, reached 1.9M by 1960 and 4.8M by 1980.

Lima has developed an important tourism industry, characterized by its historic center, archeological sites, nightlife, museums, art galleries, festivals, popular traditions, and gastronomy. Lima is considered Americas's gastronomical capital.

Lima is made up of mainly Spanish speaking inhabitants with over 90% of the population speaking the language. Lima Province has 43 districts, including:

1 - Cercado de Lima

3 - Ate

4 - Barranco

5 - Brena

7 - Comas

9 - Chorrillos

10 - El Agustino

11 - Jesus Maria

12 - La Molina

13 - La Victoria

14 - Lince

17 - Magdalena del Mar

18 - Miraflores

21 - Pueblo Libre

22 - Puente Piedra

25 - Rimac

27 - San Isidro

28 - Independence

29 - San Juan de Miraflores

30 - San Luis

31 - San Martin de Porres

32 - San Miguel

33 - Santiago de Surco

34 - Surquillo

35 - Villa María del Triunfo

36 - San Juan de Lurigancho

38 - Santa Rosa

39 - Los Olivos

41 - San Borja

42 - Villa El Savador

43 - Santa Anita

Cleaner

A cleaner (or janitor) is someone who takes away garbage and cleans surfaces. Cleaners sometimes repair things, and maintain their equipment in good working order, as well as dusting, washing, waxing and polishing.

Heavy duty cleaners often move furniture, large containers of recycled materials and waste, and other objects, and operate large buffers and other weighty equipment. "Light" duty cleaners clean chalk boards, windows, shelves, desks, light fixtures, and ledges. Some duties, like using a vacuum cleaner, can be done by either "light" or "heavy" duty cleaners. Cleaners can clean offices, staircases, kitchens, bathrooms, hallways, sidewalks, elevators, escalators, and other areas. Cleaners can specialize in washing windows, or in cleaning carpets, hospitals, food processing plants, or construction sites. Cleaners who discover seriously damaged surfaces and equipment on their sites can notify specialists, like plumbers and carpenters, about the need for professional repairs.

Cleaners are also alert for security problems, like vandalism, signs of theft (forced windows or doors, missing computers or stock), blocked fire escape routes, lights or fire alarms not working, or trespassers. When these occur, the cleaners promptly notify their sites' Security Officers and Site Supervisors. Janitors know how to keep themselves and their sites safe, by immediately removing hazards like broken class, spilled fluids, and waste from kitchens and bathrooms, and by checking hand rails, floor mats, stairs, automated doors, escalators, elevators, intercoms, and plumbing.

Bovinae

Bovinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae. About 26 species of bovines belong to this subfamily.

Bovines are herbivores, and they mostly eat grass.


The four genera "Tetracerus", "Boselaphus", "Tragelaphus" and "Taurotragus" are sometimes put into their own subfamily "Tragelaphinae", and sometimes with the bovines.

Mongolia

Mongolia is a landlocked country in East Asia and Central Asia. It borders Russia to the north and the People's Republic of China to the south, east and west. Mongolia's political system is a parliamentary republic.

Until recently, most of the people there were Buddhists. Many of them are nomads (people who always move from place to place and do not stay in one home), but this is changing. The largest city, and capital city is Ulaanbaatar. It is where about 38% of the population live. This has been spelled "Ulan Bator/ Ulaan Battor" and other ways in the past. The north and east parts of the country have many mountains. Part of the south part is the Gobi Desert. There are 2,791,272 people living in Mongolia. The country is the 18th biggest country in the world, with an area of .

Mongolia is mainly rural with the lowest population density of all independent countries in the world.

The area which is Mongolia has been ruled by various nomadic empires. This was until the great 'Mongol Empire' was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206. After the Yuan Dynasty collapsed, the Mongols became nomads again. After the 16th century, Mongolia were influenced by Tibetan Buddhism. By the end of the 17th century, most of Mongolia was part of an area ruled by the Qing Dynasty. When the Qing Dynasty collapsed in 1911, Mongolia declared independence. But they had to fight against the Chinese. They were helped by the Soviet Union. In 1921, the world accepted its independence. Shortly after the death of Bogd Khaan, the last monarch of Mongolia the monarchy was replaced by a communist government in 1924, and the country was renamed the Mongolian People's Republic. Up until the fall of the Soviet Union, Mongolia was a satellite state for the Soviets. The Mongolian Red Cross Society was set up in 1939. It has its headquarters in Ulaanbaator.
Following the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991, Russia's interest in Mongolia has declined. China and South Korea are currently Mongolia's main trade and political partners.

Mongolia is a parliamentary republic. People vote for their government. The President of Mongolia is elected to a four-year term, and cannot be elected president more than twice. The current President is Ukhnaagiin Khürelsükh. He was first elected as president on June 25, 2021.

 Mongolia has a steppe climate. It has very cold winters and mild summers. Recently, winters have become very cold. This has killed many people and cattle. On June 2, 2008, 52 people and 200,000 head of cattle died in heavy blizzards in Mongolia.

On March 1–2, 2008, a heavy dust storm hit northeast China and parts of Mongolia. and ended over North Korea and South Korea on the March 4.

Twenty one people died in a rural Mongolian blizzard on May 8, 2008. Parts of the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia were also affected on the May 8, 2008.

On June 2, 2009, it was said that 15 people and 10,000 head of cattle had died by this date in Mongolia.

April 1–2, 2010 had temperatures plummet to -50 degrees in Mongolia’s Tuul valley, A nomad named Urna said she bought 400 bundles of grass to feed the animals in preparation for more bad weather. The Mongolian Red Cross has said that about 4,500,000 livestock died as a result of the bad weather this year [2010]. Tume, who lives in Ulan Bator, said that he had noticed that there were several really harsh winters in a row too. He blamed climate change, but experts said that overgrazing by cattle had also killed off most of the country’s grassland.

Mongolia known as the "Land of the Eternal Blue Sky" or "Country of Blue Sky" () because it has over 250 sunny days a year.

Mongolia is the world's 18th-largest country (after Iran). It is significantly larger than the next-largest country, Peru. Mongolia does not share a border with Kazakhstan, but its westernmost point is only 38 kilometers (24 mi) away from Kazakhstan.

The geography of Mongolia is varied, with the Gobi Desert to the south and with cold and mountainous regions to the north and west. Most of Mongolia consists of steppes, with forested areas comprising 11.2% of the total land area.  The highest point in Mongolia is the Khüiten Peak in the Tavan bogd massif, at a height of 4,374 m (14,350 ft).

Mongolia is divided into 21 provinces called "aimags". The "aimags" are divided into 329 districts called "sums".
The country has a lot of copper, uranium and other minerals essential to the world’s fight against climate change. The Oyu Tolgoi mine should produce about half a million tonnes of copper by 2030, the 4th biggest copper project in the world. It is run by Rio Tinto. The Mongolian government owns 34% of it. The government plans to increase gross domestic product from $15 billion in 2022 to nearly $50 billion by 2030 and halve Mongolia’s poverty rate to 15%. In 2023 84% of Mongolian exports went to China and 30% of its imports, including all its petroleum products came from Russia. There is a lot of interest from foreign investors.

The official language of Mongolia is Mongolian, and is spoken by 95% of the population. A variety of dialects of Oirat and Buryat are are spoken across the country. Turkic languages, such as Kazakh and Tuvan, are also spoken in the western part of the country.

Today, Mongolian is written using the Cyrillic alphabet, although in the past it was written using the Mongolian script. The traditional alphabet is being slowly reintroduced through schools recently.

Russian is the commonest spoken foreign language in Mongolia due to their diplomatic ties as former communist states. English has been gradually replacing Russian as the second language in order to become part of the world economy. Korean is more common now as tens of thousands of Mongolians work and study in South Korea. Interest in Chinese has been growing because of the neighboring power.


Fourier transform

The Fourier transform is a mathematical function that can be used to find the base frequencies that a wave is made of. Imagine playing a chord on a piano. When played, the sounds of the notes of the chord mix together and form a sound wave. This works because each of the different note's waves interfere with each other by adding together or canceling out at different points in the wave. A Fourier transform takes this complex wave and is able to find the frequencies that made it, meaning it can find the notes that a chord is made from.

The output of a Fourier transform is sometimes called a frequency spectrum or distribution because it displays a distribution of possible frequencies of the input. This function has many uses in cryptography, oceanography, machine learning, radiology, quantum physics as well as sound design and visualization.

The Fourier transform of a function formula_1, sometimes written as formula_2, is given by

formula_3

where:


The inverse Fourier transform is given by

formula_10

A Fourier transform shows what frequencies are in a signal. For example, consider a sound wave which contains three different musical notes: A, B, and C. Making a graph of the Fourier transform of this sound wave (with the frequency on the "x"-axis and the intensity on the "y"-axis) will show a peak at each frequency which corresponds with one of the musical notes.

Many signals can be created by adding cosines and sines together with varying amplitudes and frequencies. The Fourier transform plots the amplitudes and phases of these cosines and sines against their respective frequencies.

Fourier transforms are important, because many signals make more sense when their frequencies are separated. In the audio example above, looking at the signal with respect to time does not make it obvious that the notes A, B, and C are in the signal. Many systems do different things to different frequencies, so these kinds of systems can be described by what they do to each frequency. An example of this is a filter which blocks high frequencies.

Calculating a Fourier transform requires understanding of integration and imaginary numbers. Computers are usually used to calculate Fourier transforms of anything but the simplest signals. The Fast Fourier Transform is a method computers use to quickly calculate a Fourier transform.

1679

1679 was a common year.

1719

1719 is a year in the common era.



Divine Comedy

The Divine Comedy is an epic poem written by Dante Alighieri. It is about a trip through the afterlife. The poem has three parts: "Inferno" (Hell), "Purgatorio" (Purgatory), and "Paradiso" (Paradise, or Heaven). "The Divine Comedy" is a piece of world literature.

"Inferno" is the most famous section of the poem. The poem is about the travels of a man through Christian hell, purgatory, and heaven. Note that "comedy" does not mean funny here, but rather that it has a positive ending.

The narrator, Dante Alighieri, is lost in a forest in front of a giant mountain which symbolizes sin, and is harassed by a lion, leopard and she-wolf. He finds the Roman poet Virgil, who has to lead him through the nine circles of hell so Dante can be saved.

Souls that did not accept Christ are here. This includes atheists, pagans, and the unbaptized. They did not actively sin, but they could not enter Heaven because of their lack of faith and even Hell would not allow them to enter very far.

The punishment for the souls is not physical, but that they have no hope of seeing Christ, so they are mentally punished.

Beyond the first circle, souls are assigned their place by Minos, who wraps his tail around his body a corresponding number of times, and forces them to descend to their appropriate circle.

In this circle souls who succumb to lust. They are the first ones to be truly punished in Hell. These souls are blown around in a giant storm which will last forever. This symbolizes the power of lust to blow one about aimlessly.

This circle is guarded by Cerberus. The gluttons are punished here, lying in cold mud. While in life they were provided with warmth and comfort from their food, in Hell the souls are punished with cold and heavy rain. Cerberus claws at the spirits, rips at their skin, and bites holes.

In life the sinners miserly hoarded their money greedily, while the prodigal spent their money foolishly. Both groups are pushing and pulling great bags of gold as they did in life. The greedy are guarded by Plutus, god of riches and wealth.

In the river Styx the wrathful fight each other on the surface. The river surrounds the city of Dis, where active sinners are located. When Virgil tries to enter, the angels of Hell slam the door in his face. He and Dante proceed to the gate where Christ entered Hell during his three-day trip to release a select few people. During Christ's Harrowing of Hell he broke the door so it could never close again.

The heretics are trapped in red-hot iron tombs.

This circle holds those who were violent in their lives. The people who were violent to people and property are in a river of fire. The depth of their placement in the river corresponds to how much you damaged in life. For example, Alexander the Great is immersed up to his eyebrows. The violent against self are turned into plants and are pecked at and ripped apart by birds. The violent to God and the violent to nature are also here. They have to walk on flaming sand for eternity.

Pimps, seducers, flatterers, simonists, sorcerers, fortune-tellers, false prophets, corrupt politicians, hypocrites, thieves, schismatics, alchemists, and counterfeiters are in this circle. Each punishment is the opposite of what they did in life. Fortune-tellers, who tried to see things ahead of time, are forced to walk backwards.

The traitors to family are immersed in ice up to their faces. Traitors to political entities are also here. Traitors to guests lie in the ice, which covers them completely except for their faces. Traitors to their lords and benefactors are completely buried in ice in various positions.

In the very center of Hell, because he sinned the ultimate sin (treachery against God), lies Satan. Satan is described as a beast with three faces, six wings, and is eternally weeping from his six eyes. Each of Satan's mouths chews on a famous traitor from history. Brutus and Cassius are being chewed feet-first. The center mouth is chewing on Judas Iscariot. His head is being chewed on by Satan, and his back is being skinned by Satan's claws. 

Dante and Virgil escape by climbing down Satan's fur through the center of the earth and out the other hemisphere, where they will climb Mount Purgatory.

Artist

An artist is a person who creates art. This word is used most often for person and activities of 'high culture'. That is for example drawing, painting, sculpture, acting, dancing, writing, filmmaking, photography, and music. Sometimes a person who is very good at their job is called an artist, even if it is not considered as art. A scientist or mathematician can be called an artist.

Wiktionary defines the noun 'artist' (one artist, two artists) as follows:

In ancient Greece there was the word "Techne" which is often translated as art. From this word comes "technical" and America is now the root of words such as technical, technology, etc. The seven muses were the gods of artists in the seven fields of human excellence: • Epic and lyric • History • Choral singing and poetry of love • Music • Tragedy • Religious Hymns • Gay poetry, poetry and rustic comedy • Dance • Astronomy and Geometry.

The word comes from Latin art "ars", that literally means skill method or technique, combined with the beauty of the objects produced. In the Middle Ages already existed the word artist, although its meaning is closer to what we now call the craftsman.

Concept art expresses a series of creations, called classical arts (painting, sculpture, literature, dance, music, architecture and cinema). However, considering someone as an artist is not limited to a series of works or concrete creations.

An artist is a person exercising the arts and produce artistic works. The artist is someone who has a special sensitivity to create a work or activity. There is no specific classification of what are an artist's own activities .In any case, the concept artist implies knowledge of art and at the same time, is a craft that can be professional but not necessarily. The artist seeks to create an object or activity that has a component of beauty. Very beautiful is one aspect cherished by the creators, but not only that. It also seeks to communicate feelings and ideas and form their own world.

An artist is a person able to put their point of view, their way of seeing the world and feel things on a canvas, a sheet or paper. An artist is a dreamer, is a poet, he is a speaker, is someone provided with sensibility sufficient or necessary to make us see things through their eyes.



Jacksonville, Florida

Jacksonville is the largest city in the state of Florida and one of the 10 largest cities in the United States. It is home to the University of North Florida. It is the county seat of Duval County.

It is the largest city in the Continental United States in terms of area. It covers nearly all of Duval County in North Florida. The Jacksonville Jaguars of the NFL play here.

Fetishism

Fetishism can be one of the following:

Heinrich Heine

Christian Johann Heinrich Heine (; born Harry Heine; 13 December 1797 – 17 February 1856) was one of the most significant German poets of the 19th century.

Heine was born into an assimilated Jewish family in Düsseldorf, Germany. His father was a tradesman.
After his father's business failed, Heine was sent to Hamburg. His uncle in Hamburg was a very successful banker, so Heine started learning banking, but he soon dropped it. Then Heine started to study law at the universities of Göttingen, Bonn and Berlin but was more interested in literature than law. He nonetheless took a degree in law in 1825. At the same time he decided to convert from Judaism to Protestantism because of the severe restrictions on Jews in the German states. Only Christians were allowed to have certain businesses or to be clerks of the state. Jews were also forbidden to become university professors, a particular ambition at the time for Heine. Heine himself said, his conversion was "the ticket of admission into European culture".
Heine is best known for his lyric poetry, much of which was set to music by lieder composers, including especially Franz Schubert and Robert Schumann.

His start as poet Heine was made with "Gedichte" ("Poems") in 1821. Heine's infatuation with his cousins Amalie and Therese later inspired him to write some of his loveliest lyrics; "Buch der Lieder" ("Book of Songs", 1827) was Heine's first comprehensive collection of verse.

Heine left Germany for Paris, France in 1831. There he associated with utopian socialists. He met people who followed Count Saint-Simon, who preached an egalitarian classless society.

He remained in Paris for the rest of his life. His only visit to Germany was in 1843. German authorities banned his works and those of others who were considered to be associated with the Young Germany movement in 1835.

Heine continued to comment on German politics and society from a distance. Heine wrote "Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen" ("Germany. A Winter's Tale"). In 1844; his friend, Karl Marx, published it in his newspaper "Vorwärts" ("Forward") in 1844.
One of the books was burned by the Nazis. One of Heine's most famous lines is now: "Where they burn books, they will, in the end, burn human beings too" ("Almansor", 1821).

In 1851 Heinrich Heine wrote the ""König Richard"" poem. The poem was written in tribute to King Richard I of England and it was translated into several languages.



Cabbage

Cabbage ("Brassica oleracea" Capitata Group) is an edible plant. It is a lot like broccoli, cauliflower or Brussels sprouts. Cabbage is eaten in many ways around the world. Coleslaw and sauerkraut are popular foods that use cabbage. It is also used to make kimchi and borscht, and can also be used in salads. Red cabbage juice can be used as a pH indicator. Cabbages are usually green, but they can also be red.

Cabbages can come in many different types, such as the previously mentioned red and green cabbages, but they can also be in other types. These include white cabbage, also known as Dutch cabbage, and Savoy cabbage.

Pool

The word pool refers to many different things:


Rupee

The rupee is the name of a currency denomination of money) in various countries.

It is used in the Republic of India and Pakistan. It was also used in British India, the former East Pakistan until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles. In past times, rupees were also the name of the money used in Burma and in the German and British colonies in East Africa. The name comes from a Sanskrit word meaning silver. The rupiah of Indonesia and the rufiyah of the Maldives are kinds of money that also got their name from this word. All of these were previously Spanish dollars.


500

500 (Roman numerals: D) was a common year of the Gregorian calendar. It started on a Friday. The Julian calendar had it as a leap year starting on Saturday, which was used before the Gregorian calendar. The exceptional common year starting on Friday was called 500 when the Gregorian calendar was not in use, of course. The leap year began on the Saturday, and ended on the Sunday, just like the year 2000 did.

It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).


Diesel fuel

Diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars, trucks, trains, etc, using a diesel engine. 

It is also an oil used for an energy source. It is made from petroleum and from various other sources.

It is named after Rudolf Diesel who in 1892 invented the diesel engine.


Düsseldorf International Airport

Düsseldorf International Airport (; is an airport in Germany. It is eight kilometres from Düsseldorf. The airport has the IATA Airport Code DUS. There is one other airport named "Düsseldorf Express Airport, Mönchengladbach", but that is only a continental airport and has only a few lines, mostly private jets. This article is very old. Needs updating! 

The international airport supports flights to 180 destinations on four continents and hosts 70 airlines. The airport has 800 takeoffs and landings per day.

The airport was opened on April 19, 1927, after two years of construction. However, the first aircraft to land in northern Düsseldorf was the Zeppelin LZ-III in 1909.

On April 11, 1996 there was a fire in the airport, probably caused by welding work on the roof. 17 people were killed, mostly due to smoke inhalation. The terminal building was badly damaged, and was closed for five years. By July 1, 2001 it had been nearly completely re-built and was re-opened.

A suspended monorail connects the terminal building with the InterCity and ICE train station (High speed and extremely high speed trains). The so-called "SkyTrain" travels the 2.5 kilometers between the terminal and station at a maximum speed of 50 km/h. It started operation in 2002, replacing a shuttle bus service, and is not free of charge to use.

Currently, the following airlines operate routes to and from Düsseldorf International Airport:
Before September 11 Düsseldorf International Airport had many flights from the United States. Now the only direct flight to the United States is from Privatair. Privatair has a flight going to New York Newark airport, which is codeshared with Lufthansa.


Sauna

A sauna is a small room or building that is made hot. The heat of a sauna is calming and makes the person using it sweat. This is believed to help people be more healthy though it causes stress on the body by overheating. Today many countries and groups of people have different ways of heating and using a sauna. The temperature is often 80°C in Finnish saunas. The heat can be more than 100°C. Finnish and Swedish saunas have lower humidity (the air is less wet) to make this high heat comfortable.

The Turkish hammam has a high humidity (the air is more wet) and a lower temperature.

Today saunas can often be found at hotels and places for sports and exercise. In Finland, they are more common and are also often in private apartments and office 
buildings.

In almost every house in Finland they have a sauna.

In some cultures, swimsuits must be worn in a sauna. In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn. Swimsuits are more often worn when men and women use a sauna together. Some saunas are only for men, or only for women. Some places have fixed times when each gender can use a sauna. Private saunas may have their own rules.






Joseph Beuys

Joseph Beuys (pronounced "boyce") (12 May 1921 – 23 January 1986) was a German artist who made arts in many forms including sculpture, performance art, video art, and installations. He was an important artist in the second half of the 20th century.

Beuys was born in Krefeld on 12 May 1921, and grew up in the nearby city of Kleve. His family was strong Catholic. As a young child he began his interest in art by often engaging in making watercolours. He first saw modern art when visiting the studio of Achilles Moortgat. At the age of seventeen in 1938, he joined the Hitler Youth, like many young German men at that time. He studied many disciplines before engaging in his art practice, and was particularly interested in natural sciences and history, including alchemy, and medicine. He wanted to become a doctor. During his studies, however, World War II began, and he became a soldier in the German air force. There, he was a rear gunner (gunner in the back) in a military airplane. In 1943 one of his close friends died in a concentration camp.

One fascinating aspect of Joseph Beuys's personal history is the reason he consistently used felt and fat in his works. He said: "For me, fat was a great discovery, because it was the very material that could seem the most chaotic and indeterminate. I could use it with heat or cold, I could transform it with means that are not the traditional ones for sculpture- with temperature, for example. So I could turn the character of this fat from a chaotic and fluctuating condition to that of a rigid form... So I took an extreme position in sculpture and a material that was absolutely fundamental for life and not associated with art.”

Many people believe that this use of felt and fat recalled a plane crash experienced while flying for the "Luftwaffe" in the Crimea in the winter of 1942-43. Beuys claimed that he had been saved by a nomadic tribe of Tartars who, sympathetic to the Germans after persecution by the Soviets, ‘covered my body in fat to help it regenerate warmth, and wrapped it in felt as an insulator to keep warmth in’. In fact this episode was fabricated, partly on the basis of a dream, but he consistently referred to this episode and it can be seen as a private mythology of his.

After the war Beuys studied at the academy in Düsseldorf from 1946 to 1951. For most of the 1950s he was mostly drawing.

In 1961 he became professor of sculpture there, but was fired in 1972 because he said that his classes must be open to anybody who wanted to take them. He thought that classes should be free and he worked in his classes with everybody who wanted. His students protested when he was fired, so he was allowed to hold his studio there, but he still lost his job.

In 1962 Beuys was a member of the "Fluxus movement". They made art together by drawing, sculpting, making music, and literature.

Beuys believed that arts have an important role in society. His first problems with politicians were when he lost his job as professor. In the 1980s he was part of the Peace Movement and protested against nuclear missiles in Germany. He was one of the first members of the Green Party in the 1980s.

Famous works are:

In 1979, a large retrospective of Beuys' work at the Guggenheim Museum in New York City confirmed his reputation as one of the most important artists of his time. He died in 1986 in Düsseldorf.

The web comic Cat And Girl makes frequent reference to Joseph Beuys, including his art (reference 1 reference 2) and cultural references.



Kunstakademie Düsseldorf

The Staatliche Kunstakademie Düsseldorf is the Arts Academy of the city of Düsseldorf. It is well-known all over the world by its most famous members like Joseph Beuys.

The arts school started 1762 as school of drawing by Lambert Krahe (1710 - 1790), in 1773 it became Academy of drawing, painting and sculpturing of the Earls of Palatine.

In time of the Napoleonic Wars it moved to Munich. So the government of Prussia, who annexed the region of Düsseldorf after Napoleon surrendered, to open a new Royal Arts Academy in Düsseldorf. It started in 1822.

In the 1850s the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf became an international well-known arts school. The "Düsseldorfer Malerschule" was internationally known as a special kind of drawing countryside. Many students came from Scandinavia, Russia, and the United States of America to Düsseldorf.





Poet

A poet is someone who writes poetry. Poetry can be written in any language by a poet. 

Sappho was an Ancient Greek poet. She lived in Lesbos, Greece. She was famous for writing lyric love poems to women. She wrote in the Ancient Greek language. 

Famous English poets are William Shakespeare, Alexander Pope, William Wordsworth, William Blake, John Keats, and Percy Shelley. They wrote in the English language. Their poetry comes in different styles and forms. Often their poetry is lyrical and rhymes. 

The most famous American poets include Emily Dickinson and Walt Whitman. They wrote in English. Often their poetry did not rhyme. They lived in the 19th century in the United States. Some 20th century American poets include Ezra Pound, T. S. Eliot, Sylvia Plath, Anne Sexton, and John Ashbery. 

Modern French poets are Arthur Rimbaud and Charles Baudelaire. Rimbaud was famous for his poetry collection called “Illuminations.” Baudelaire wrote of beauty, decay, and spirituality in his famous work “Flowers of Evil.” 

Great Spanish poets are Garcilaso de la Vega, Frederico García Lorca, Antonio Machado, and Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer. Vicente Aleixandre won the Nobel Prize. 

Three Latin American poets won the Nobel prize in the 20th century. They include Gabriela Mistral, Pablo Neruda, and Octavio Paz. They wrote in Spanish. 

Caribbean poets Derek Walcott and Giannina Braschi wrote epic poetry. Winner of the Nobel Prize, Walcott wrote "Omeros" and "In a Green Night" in English. Giannina Braschi writes epic poetry in English, Spanglish, and Spanish, including "Empire of Dreams" 

Ancient Chinese poets are Wang Wei, Du Fu, and Qu Yuan. They wrote in Chinese about nature and people.


Ruhr-Universität Bochum

The is one of the biggest universities in Germany. It is in the Ruhr-Area, in the city of Bochum.

The Ruhr-Universität was the first public university founded in West Germany after World War II (in 1962). Later in the 1960s, education expanded in West Germany and more universities were founded.

The Ruhr-University was the fourth largest university in Germany in the late 1980s and early 1990s with more than 40,000 students. But after the state of North Rhine-Westfalia decided to charge study fees, many students left the university and school examiners do not start studying anymore. Actually the fees were 1,000 Euro in the year (about 1,100 US $), but the Ruhr-Area is traditionally a working class region. Summer Semester 2011 was the last semester with tuition fees. The number or students now is more than 40 000.

The university of Bochum was one of the first to have Bachelor and master's degrees instead of the traditional German Diplom and Magister degree.

Academically it is an upper middle-class university with a lot of international affairs, especially with Eastern Europe and Asia. The Ruhr-University Bochum lost some subjects when the state reduced its budget. The main focuses in research are neurosciences, engineering, European law, plasma physics, solidstate physics, biochemistry, economics, Middle Ages and modern history, philosophy and languages.


Aachen

Aachen ( ; Aachen dialect: "Oche" ]; French and traditional English: Aix-la-Chapelle ; Latin: "Aquae Granni" or "Aquisgranum"; ) is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has about 260,000 inhabitants and a well-known university, the . It is also the location of the 1944 Battle of Aachen during World War II where the United States fought Nazi Germany .

The Romans built a spa over hot water springs here in ancient times.

In the Middle Ages, it was the capital city of the Frankish emperor, Charlemagne. The city was called Aix-la-Chapelle by the French.
Charlemagne ordered the building of a cathedral in 786 AD. He was buried in a tomb in this cathedral. German emperors were crowned in the cathedral in Aachen until 1531.

European countries made two important peace agreements in Aachen. In 1668, the first treaty (agreement) ended the War of Devolution between France and the alliance of England, Holland and Sweden. The treaty allowed France to keep most of the towns it had captured in Flanders the year before. In 1748, the second treaty ended the War of the Austrian Succession. In this war, France, Prussia, and other nations tried to take territory from the Austrian Empire. The treaty said that Maria Theresa of Austria was the ruler of these territories. It also gave Prussia the territory of Silesia.

Since 1972, Aachen has been part of the Cologne Government Region.

Marburg

Marburg is a city in Hesse, Germany, on the Lahn river. It is the main town of the Marburg-Biedenkopf Rural District. It has about 80,000 inhabitants and a small, but well-known university, the Philipps-University.

The upper part of Old town, near the castle and above the former village 'Weidenhausen' at river Lahn and a bridge is called 'Oberstadt' (upper town).

There are timber framing houses, similar to some houses in Alsfeld (Vogelsbergkreis).

Cycling trail "Lahntalradweg" along the river connects Marburg with Gießen in the South.

The Lahn valley is surrounded by hill chains called "Lahnberge" and "Marburger Rücken" in the Central Uplands (Mittelgebirge), part of West Hesse Highlands. The city districts Cyriaxweimar, Elnhausen, Michelbach and Schröck are on the other side of these two hill chains.

Akron, Ohio

Akron is a large city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is found near the Ohio & Lake Erie canal. It is home to the U.S. rubber industry, including Goodyear tires.


Philipps University of Marburg

The Philipps University of Marburg is the oldest Protestant university of the world. It was founded by Martin Luther's friend Philipp of Hesse in 1527, during the reformation.

Major areas of research at the university are medicine, nano-science, materials science and near eastern studies.



Youngstown, Ohio

Youngstown is a city in Ohio, United States. It is the county seat of Mahoning County. Part of Youngstown is also in Trumbull County. The town is on the Mahoning River. It is about southeast of Cleveland and northwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Youngstown has its own metropolitan area; it is often thought of as part of the Pittsburgh Tri-State area and Greater Cleveland. Youngstown is west of the Pennsylvania state line. It is midway between New York City and Chicago via Interstate 80.

The city was named for John Young. He was an early settler from Whitestown, New York, who started the town's first sawmill and gristmill. Youngstown is in an area of the United States that is often called the Rust Belt. The town was known as a center of steel making. Youngstown was forced to change itself when the U.S. steel industry fell into decline in the 1970s. Towns in the area did not have a lot of business after that. Youngstown also falls within the Appalachian Ohio region, among the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. The 2020 census showed that Youngstown had a total population of 60,068, making it Ohio's 11th largest city. The city has had a decline of over 60% of its population since 1960.

According to the 2010 Census, the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) contains 565,773 people and includes Mahoning and Trumbull counties in Ohio, and Mercer County in Pennsylvania. The Steel Valley area as a whole has 763,207 residents.

Youngstown was named for New York native John Young. He surveyed the area in 1796. He moved there soon after. On February 9, 1797, Young bought the town of from the Western Reserve Land Company for $16,085. The 1797 start of Youngstown was officially recorded on August 19, 1802.

The area of today's Youngstown was part of the Connecticut Western Reserve. This was a part of the Northwest Territory for settlers from the state of Connecticut. While many of the area's early settlers came from Connecticut, Youngstown also had a large number of Scots-Irish settlers from neighboring Pennsylvania. The first European Americans to settle in the area were Pittsburgh native James Hillman and his wife, Catherine Dougherty. By 1798, Youngstown was the home of several families who were lived near the point where Mill Creek meets the Mahoning River. Boardman Township was started in 1798 by Elijah Boardman. He was a member of the Connecticut Land Company. Also started in 1798 was Austintown by John McCollum. He was a settler from New Jersey.

In 1800, governor Arthur St. Clair made Trumbull County (named for Connecticut Governor Jonathan Trumbull). He named the smaller town of Warren as its "county seat". In 1813, Trumbull County was divided into townships, with Youngstown Township being a big part of what became Mahoning County. The village of Youngstown was incorporated in 1848, and in 1867 Youngstown was chartered as a city. It became the county seat in 1876.

The discovery of coal by the community in the early 19th century helped Youngstown become part of the Erie Canal. The Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal Company was organized in 1835. The canal was completed in 1840. David Tod, who was later Ohio governor during the Civil War, persuaded Lake Erie steamboat owners that coal from the Mahoning Valley could fuel their vessels if canal transportation were available between Youngstown and Cleveland. The arrival of the railroad in 1856 made it easier for more economic growth.
Youngstown's industrial development made the Mahoning Valley different. The community's coal industry made hundreds of immigrants from Wales, Germany, and Ireland come to the area. With the start of steel mills in the late 19th century, Youngstown became a popular destination for immigrants from Eastern Europe, Italy, and Greece. In the early 20th century, the community saw more immigrants from non-European countries including what is today's Lebanon, Israel, and Syria. By the 1920s, this change in the town's population made people who were there earlier upset. Because of their anger, the Mahoning Valley became a center of Ku Klux Klan activity. The situation reached a climax in 1924, when street clashes between Klan members and Italian and Irish Americans in neighboring Niles led Ohio Governor A. Victor Donahey to declare martial law. By 1928 the Klan was in steep decline; and three years later, the group sold its Canfield, Ohio, meeting area, Kountry Klub Field.

The growth of industry made more people from the United States and Latin America come to Youngstown. By the late 19th century, African Americans were well represented in Youngstown. The first local African Methodist Episcopal Church was started in 1871. In the 1880s, local attorney William R. Stewart was the second African American elected to the Ohio House of Representatives. A large increase of African Americans in the early 20th century was because of changes in the industrial area. During the national Steel Strike of 1919, local industrialists recruited thousands of workers from the South, many of whom were Black. This move upset local Whites, and for decades, African-American steelworkers experienced discrimination in the workplace. Migration from the South rose dramatically in the 1940s, when the mechanization of southern agriculture brought an end to the exploitative sharecropping system, leading onetime farm laborers to seek industrial jobs.

The city's population became more diverse since the end of World War II, when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers. In the 1950s, the Latino population grew significantly; and by the 1970s, St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church and the First Spanish Baptist Church of Ohio were among the largest religious institutions for Spanish-speaking residents in the Youngstown metropolitan area. While diversity is among the community's enduring characteristics, the industrial economy that drew various groups to the area collapsed in the late 1970s. In response to subsequent challenges, the city has taken well-publicized steps to diversify economically, while building on some traditional strengths.
The United States Census Bureau says the city has a total area of . Land is of that area, and water is .

Youngstown is in the Mahoning Valley on the Glaciated Allegheny Plateau. The glaciers left behind a plain with valleys at the end of the last Ice Age. The valleys were caused by the Mahoning River crossing the plain. Lakes made by glaciers that dammed small streams were eventually drained. This left behind fertile land.

Dortmund

Dortmund (; Westphalian ]; ) is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is part of the Arnsberg Government Region

Dortmund has about 590,000 inhabitants and is in the Ruhr Area. There is a university in Dortmund. The biggest soccer club is Borussia Dortmund.

Netherlands Antilles

The Netherlands Antilles was a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The country was originally a group of six islands in the Caribbean Sea. Some were discovered in 1493 by Christopher Columbus, and some were discovered in 1499 by Alonso de Ojeda.

Aruba, Bonaire and Curaçao are part of the Leeward Islands. They are near Venezuela. Saint Martin, Sint Eustatius, and Saba are part of the Windward Islands. They are near Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Of these, the island Sint Maarten is in fact part of two countries: the northern part belongs to France (as Saint Martin), but the southern part is Dutch (as Sint Maarten).

Aruba left the Netherlands Antilles in 1986. When Curaçao and Sint Maarten did the same thing on 10 October 2010, the country no longer existed. The remaining BES Islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba now belong to the Netherlands and are called the Dutch Caribbean islands.

Because the Netherlands Antilles was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands proper was also the Queen of the Netherlands Antilles, but the islands' residents had a government of their own. Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten are now separate countries within the Kingdom. All of these places still have King Willem-Alexander as their monarch today.

The last Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles was Emily de Jongh-Elhage. The last Governor was Frits Goedgedrag, who is since the 10 October 2010 the first Governor of Curaçao.


Alfred Nobel

Alfred Nobel () (October 21, 1833 – December 10, 1896) was a Swedish scientist, engineer, and weapons manufacturer. He is well known for the invention of dynamite and for creating the Nobel Prize. 

He left instructions in his will that his money should create the Nobel Prize after reading an article in a French newspaper that called him the "merchant of death" and said that he would be remembered for his invention of dynamite and its ability to kill more people than ever before. Nobel left 31 million kronor (the Swedish currency) to the awards after his death on December 10, 1896. The artificial element Nobelium is named for him.

Nobel was born on October 21, 1833. His father, Immanuel Nobel, was an engineer and inventor. His mother was Andriette Ahlsell Nobel. In 1833, Immanuel Nobel was forced into bankruptcy due to losses in his construction company. 


Pharmacy

A pharmacy is a shop where therapeutic drugs are sold. Sometimes a pharmacy is also called a "drug store or chemist and druggist store". The people working in a pharmacy are called pharmacists, druggist or chemists (British English). These people can recognise simple diseases and dispense drugs for some of them.

Certain drugs are special, because they can be addictive, or they change the way other drugs act, or they need to be taken in a special way. These drugs cannot simply be bought at a pharmacy. A prescription is necessary to get them. Medical doctors give out prescriptions, which can then be used to get the drug.

Many pharmacies do not sell drugs only. They also sell beauty products and hygiene-related products, like tampons for women and contraceptives. 

The number of pharmacies in England has been falling. There were 11,500 active pharmacies in 2022— the lowest total since 2015/2016. The number of prescription items given out in 2021/2022 was 1.1 billion, 2.7% more than 2020/2021.

Pharmacology is a branch of chemistry that studies the molecular structure of drugs to find better drugs.


Kiss

People kiss each other, usually by using their lips and mouth to touch each other. However, there are many different types of kiss, with different meanings. Also, the meaning of kissing may be different in different cultures. Most often, people kiss to show love or affection for each other. Sometimes, people kiss as a sign of friendship, sometimes it is a ritual performed to greet someone.

Greeting kisses are not given for sexual passion, but simply a sign of friendship. In many parts of the world, women often kiss on meeting female friends, but men do not. And the female greeting kiss may not actually touch the friend's face. In the past of many western countries men used to kiss the back of a woman's hand when being introduced. This suggests that a direct kiss from a man to a woman was too intimate to be just a greeting.

There are different ways of kissing. People might kiss on the cheeks to greet someone, or to bid them farewell. Depending on the culture it usually does not mean that the kisser loves the person he or she kissed. Kissing when female friends meet is usual in many countries, with some interesting variations. Parisian females often do a rapid double 'air kiss' or 'cheek kiss': a kiss on each side twice, but without lips touching flesh.

French kissing is an erotic gesture. It involves touching tongues while kissing. It is more intimate than other forms of kissing.

A kiss may be a ritual, that is, a symbolic or social gesture showing devotion, respect or greeting. Temples, religious books or icon are sometimes given a ritual kiss. A bride and groom kissing at the end of a wedding ceremony or national leaders kissing each other in greeting, are examples.

It is possible to spread diseases through kissing, but it is also possible to exaggerate the danger. Exotic diseases like herpes and mononucleosis can be spread, but that is rare, and spreading HIV this way is almost unknown. Colds and the flu are much more likely to be spread. Mononucleosis is well known for being spread through kissing. Many diseases that can be spread by sharing drinks can also be spread by kissing.

The upside to this is that, usually, kissing makes people happier. That has health benefits.

Brothel

A brothel is a bar, nightclub or hotel where sex workers are found. People go there to buy sex for money. Different countries have different regulations as to sex work. 

Some countries where prostitution is legal allow it to happen in a brothel, others allow it to happen "on the street", still others allow both forms. Generally, sex work in a brothel is seen as safer for the worker than sex work on the street. 

In some countries operating brothels is legal, in other countries it is illegal. Examples of countries where brothels are illegal are Canada and most of the United States. Brothels are legal in some countries from Europe, for example. A country which has permissive laws regarding sex work is the Netherlands. Laws can be unclear on whether brothels with sexbots are legal or not.

Most of the time, where legal, brothels need to be registered like other businesses. However even if it is legal to run a brothel, there may still be conflicts with the law. Examples of problem cases are:

Brothels have been known for most of recorded history. At first there was temple prostitution in many Mediterranean and Middle Eastern countries. 
In Ancient Greece and Roman civilizations, brothels were established. Sometimes they were licensed institutions. This was first recorded in Athens in 594 BC. Public sources of the time said it was good that Solon installed the brothel. People said this would reduce the problems caused by sexually unfulfilled sailors and workers. It would also fill money into the public purse. This first official brothel was soon followed by many others, and also influenced the creation of special schools in which various classes of prostitutes (from slavegirls to future courtesans) were trained for their profession. In 2017, a brothel was opened with sexbots instead of human workers.

Brothels use a variety of business models:


The third option (the brothel owner renting space and facilities to sex workers) gives some way for the brothel owner to say they did not know what was going on. This is especially the case where sex work is forbidden or restricted. Brothel owners often disguise their actions as running a massage parlor, a bar or a similar venue. 

Allowing such places (while forbidding sex work) can also give politicians a way to save face when they do not want to put laws against sex work into practice.

Latitude

The latitude of the Earth gives the distance north or south of the equator. It is measured in degrees. Latitude is represented by the Greek letter phi, formula_1. It is usually used along with a measurement of longitude in order to pinpoint a location on Earth.

The equator is numbered 0 degrees. Everything north or south of the equator is designated either as north latitude or south latitude. The north pole is 90 degrees north, and the south pole is 90 degrees south. The Antarctic Circle, Tropic of Capricorn, Tropic of Cancer, and Arctic Circle are all circles of latitude.



Jaleel White

Jaleel White (born November 27, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing of Steve Urkel in the television series "Family Matters" and the first English voice of Sonic the Hedgehog.

Chemical substance

A chemical substance is any material with a known chemical composition. For example, water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it came from a river or was made in a laboratory. Typical chemical substances found in the home include water, salt (sodium chloride) and bleach. Generally, substances exist as a solid, a liquid, or a gas, and may change between these "phases of matter" when there are changes in temperature or pressure.


South China tiger

The South China tiger ("Panthera tigris amoyensis") is an almost extinct subspecies of the tiger. There are now 20-30 of them left in the wild and 60 left in captivity. It is one of the world's ten most endangered animals and the most endangered of the six surviving tiger subspecies. The South Chinae tiger is also known as the "Chinese", "Amoy", or "Xiamen" tiger.

It can be distinguished from other tiger subspecies by its narrow face, its longer nose, more intense orange colour, short fur, longer legs, and shorter stripes which are spaced far apart from each other compared to other tiger subspecies. The South China tiger has the least amount of stripes out of all the tiger subspecies, and is the second smallest tiger.

A male South China tiger is around 2.3 to 2.65 m (91 to 104 in) long, and weighs 130 to 175 kg (290 to 390 lb). Females are smaller and are around 2.2 to 2.4 m (87 to 94 in) long, and weigh 110 to 115 kg (240 to 250 lb). The smallest length of the skull in males is 318 to 343 mm (12.5 to 13.5 in), and in females 273 to 301 mm (10.7 to 11.9 in).

The South China tiger is a carnivorous predator, hunting its prey by stalking it until the South China tiger has the opportunity to catch it off guard. South China tigers usually hunt large mammals like deer, wild boar, cattle and goats.

The South China tiger is found on mountains, and in temperate, upland forests of southern-China.

Females are pregnant for around 3 to 4 months before giving birth to around 5 cubs. Newborn South China tiger cubs weigh about 1 kg (2 lb) and are blind and helpless. The mother feeds them milk for about 2 months and then the South China tiger cubs are introduced to meat. South China tiger cubs depend on their mother for the first 18 months and then they start hunting on their own.

Windows XP

Windows XP is a version of the Microsoft Windows operating system for personal computers. The letters "XP" stand for "eXPerience". Microsoft released Windows XP on October 25, 2001. Windows XP replaced Windows 2000 and Windows ME, which helped bring the NT and 9x versions of Windows together. It was replaced by Windows Vista in 2006. Windows XP was the second most used computer operating system in the world as late as April 2012. Following the release of Windows XP, many computer makers including (but not limited to) Dell, Hewlett Packard, Acer, IBM, Compaq, and Toshiba changed their computers (mostly laptops) to Windows XP from Windows 2000. You can tell a laptop from that time was initially sold with Windows 2000 if the Windows (WIN) key on the keyboard has the previous Windows logo.

Microsoft stopped supporting Windows XP on April 8, 2014 (except some security updates e.g. in 2019, to address ransomware threats, and to address major malware threats, such as BlueKeep) and Microsoft and authorities warn users against using Windows XP. However, Windows XP remained a popular operating system around the world for a long time. On July 31, 2019, Microsoft Internet Games Services on Windows XP and Windows ME stopped working, and on January 22, 2020 Microsoft Internet Games Services stopped working on Windows 7, for Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 – on April 5, 2021. By August 2019, Microsoft (and others) had ended support for games on Windows XP. As of June 2021, 0.6% of Windows PCs run Windows XP. Windows XP became the most popular operating system from 2001 to 2007, the operating system, individually and pre-installed, selling over 500 million copies.

Home Edition is an edition that was made for home users.

Professional was made for business users, as well as power users. It had advanced management features like backup recovery, Group Policy and could support two Central processing units.

Media Center Edition was for people who liked to use their computer as a television box. It has in basics the same features as Windows XP Professional but included Windows Media Center, a program which could manage TV shows and play music, and even Netflix.

Tablet PC Edition was for users with pen-based laptops and early tablet PCs.

64-bit Edition was for computers that ran on Intel's 64-bit Itanium platform. This should not be confused with "Windows XP x64 Edition", as x64 and Itanium are completely different architectures. Unlike Windows XP x64 Edition, 64-bit Edition has fewer features than Windows XP Professional. Some of these features included NTVDM and Windows on Windows, which means that 16-bit MS-DOS applications will not be able to run. It also was missing Windows Media Player features, but Windows XP 64-bit Edition Version 2003, released in March 2003, added back these media features. Unlike other editions of Windows XP, Windows XP 64-bit edition was discontinued and unsupported on June 30, 2005.

Professional x64 Edition was for users with 64-bit x86-based computers. It has the same features as Windows XP Professional except for NTVDM, and introduced Windows on Windows 64, which lets 32-bit applications run on a 64-bit operating system and processor.

Starter Edition was sold mostly in developing countries. The price was low because Microsoft wanted to fight the high software piracy rate in those countries. It could only be bought with a new computer.

The system requirements for Windows XP Home and Professional editions are:





Crotram

CROTRAM is a group of Croatian companies that make trams. They make a tram called TMK 2200.

Crotram is a consortium (a group of companies that cooperate) made of three companies: Elektroindustrija Koncar(cro. Končar) and Gredelj, both from city of Zagreb, and Duro Dakovic (cro.Đuro Đaković), from Slavonski Brod.

Crotram sells their trams to ZET, the company that is in charge of all the public transport for the city of Zagreb. So far Crotram has only sold TMK 2200s to Zagreb, but they are trying to sell them in other cities.

The TMK 2200 is 32 meters long, and it can go as fast as 70km/h. 202 people can ride at one time.


Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope

Star Wars: Episode IV: A New Hope (initially named Star Wars) is a science fiction movie. It is the first film in the "Star Wars" saga. The movie was released in 1977 and also incorporates adventure, action and drama.

Princess Leia Organa is a prisoner of the evil Empire. She was captured by Darth Vader, who is helping the Empire stop a rebellion, by using the Death Star. Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Han Solo work together to rescue her. They are helped by the robots R2-D2 and C-3PO. With the princess, they try to stop the Empire and bring peace and happiness to the galaxy.




Saint Kitts and Nevis

The Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis (, also known as the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis), is a federal nation made up of two small islands in the Caribbean Sea. It is the smallest independent country in the Western Hemisphere.

The capital city is Basseterre. It is on the main island of St Kitts, also called Saint Christopher. The island of Nevis has some rights of self-government and two seats in the federal parliament.

St Kitts and Nevis is about one-third of the way from Puerto Rico to Trinidad and Tobago.

The headquarters of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank is in St Kitts. That bank controls the East Caribbean dollar.

The two islands were part of the Leeward Islands Colony from 1871 to 1956, and of the West Indies Federation from 1958 to 1962.

The Islands, plus Anguilla, got limited self-government in 1967. Anguilla objected and the Metropolitan Police were sent there in 1968 to stop rioting. Until 19 December 1980 the official name of St Kitts and Nevis was Saint Christopher, Nevis and Anguilla.

St Kitts and Nevis became an independent Commonwealth realm in 1983, Anguilla has stayed a British overseas territory.

In 1970, a movement to make Nevis separate from St Kitts started.

In 1983, the constitution set up a 15-member National Assembly. The Assembly is unicameral, that is, it only has one chamber. 3 members of the Assembly are appointed by the Governor General, on the advice of the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition. The other members are elected. If the Speaker decides to stand for re-election he is automatically elected, without a contest.

In 2023 Terrance Drew said that he planned a public consultation on whether St Kitts and Nevis should become a republic. 

Nevis is responsible for its own internal affairs. There is an eight-member Nevis Island Assembly, and an Island administration headed by the premier.

The country has two main islands, Saint Kitts and Nevis. The highest peak, at 1,156 metres, is Mount Liamuiga. There is also a smaller island named Booby Island. No one lives on Booby Island.

The islands are of volcanic origin. There are large central peaks covered in tropical rainforest. People do not live on the steeper slopes leading to these peaks. Most of the people on both islands live closer to the sea. There are many rivers coming from the mountains of both islands. These give fresh water to the people. St. Kitts also has one small lake.

The federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis is divided into fourteen parishes. There are nine divisions on Saint Kitts and five on Nevis.

These are some of the more important cities and towns in Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Cricket is common in Saint Kitts and Nevis. Top players go to the West Indies cricket team. The late Runako Morton was from Nevis. Saint Kitts and Nevis is the smallest country on Earth to ever host a World Cup event. It was one of the host venues of the 2007 Cricket World Cup.

The St. Kitts and Nevis national football team, also known as the "Sugar Boyz", has had some international success. They went to the semifinal round of qualification for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in the CONCACAF region. Led by Glence Glasgow they defeated U.S. Virgin Islands and Barbados. They then lost to Mexico, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago.

The St. Kitts and Nevis Billiard Federation, SKNBF, is the governing body for cue sports across the two islands.

Kim Collins is the country's best known track and field athlete. He has won gold medals in the 100 metres at both the World Championships in Athletics and Commonwealth Games. At the 2000 Sydney Olympics he was the country's first athlete to reach an Olympic final. He and three other athletes represented St. Kitts and Nevis at the 2008 Summer Olympics. The four by one hundred metre relay team won a bronze medal in the 2011 world championships.

American writer and former figure skater and triathlete Kathryn Bertine was given dual citizenship. She tried to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics representing St. Kitts and Nevis in women's cycling. She did not make enough points to go the Olympics.

St. Kitts and Nevis had two athletes ride in the time trial at the 2010 UCI Road World Championships. Athletes included Reginald Douglas and James Weekes.



Danish language

Danish is the Germanic language spoken in Denmark, the Faroe Islands, and parts of Greenland and Germany (Southern Schleswig). Around 5.5 million people speak Danish. It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The Danish people, or "Danes", call their language "dansk".

Here are some simple words in Danish:

 

Niger

Niger or the Niger ( or ; ), officially the Republic of the Niger, is a country in western Africa. The capital is Niamey, and the official language is French. It is surrounded by Algeria and Libya to the north, Chad to the east, Nigeria and Benin to the south, and Burkina Faso and Mali to the west. Niger is landlocked, meaning it has no coastline. Niger gets its name from the Niger River, whose name possibly comes from the Berber word "River of Rivers".

The Mali Empire and the Songhai Empire both had land in what is now Niger. Later France controlled the land that is now Niger. Niger has a population, or the number of people living in an area, of 15,306,252 and an area of 1,267,000 square kilometres. Much of Niger is desert.

After a military coup in 2010, Niger is now a democratic, multi-party state. Most of the people live in rural areas, and have little access to advanced education.

Niger is one of the poorest countries in the world with a lack of contraception. 41.4% live in poverty. Hunger plagues the country.

Niger’s main exports are uranium ore, livestock, cowpeas and onions. Millet and sorghum are grown in the south, as well as cassava and sugarcane. Rice is grown in the Niger River valley. Peanuts are the most important cash crop. Other important crops are cotton and pulses.

Niger is home to the critically endangered addax antelope. West African giraffes are the only giraffes in West Africa that exist in Niger.

Niger is on the border between the Sahara and Sub-Saharan regions. Niger's area is of which is water. It is the world's twenty-second largest country. Niger borders seven countries. The longest border is with Nigeria to the south.

The lowest point is the Niger River, with an elevation of . The highest point is Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès in the Aïr Mountains at .

Zinder Region and Tahoua Region are intermediates between Central Niger.

This table shows cities with a population over 10,000, according to 2001 census.
Niger's subtropical climate is mainly very hot and dry. Much of it is covered by desert. In the extreme south there is a tropical climate on the edges of the Niger River basin. The land is mostly desert plains and sand dunes. There is flat to rolling savanna in the south and hills in the north.

There are several ethnic groups in Niger:

The literacy rate (the amount of the adult population who can read or write) of Niger is among the lowest in the world. In 2005 it was estimated to be only 28.7% (42.9% male and 15.1% female). Primary education in Niger is required for six years. The primary school enrollment and attendance rates are low, particularly for girls. Children are often made to work rather than attend school. This is particularly true during planting or harvest periods.



Zealand

Zealand (Danish: "Sjælland") is an island in the eastern part of Denmark. It is just west of Sweden and a strait called the Øresund lies between the two. It has an area of 7,031 km² and is the largest island in the country.

About 2,268,000 people were living in Zealand as of 2016. Most of these people live in and around Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark, which is on the eastern shore of Zealand.

A number of bridges and tunnels link Zealand to other parts of Denmark. They include:

Brunei

Brunei (officially called Brunei Darussalam, or the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace) is a country in Southeast Asia. It is north of Malaysia on the island of Borneo. The country is rather landlocked by Malaysia. To the north is the South China Sea and the Philippines to the northeast. The capital of Brunei is Bandar Seri Begawan. The country is small and has a small population. The leader of the country is the Sultan of Brunei. Due to the sale of his oil, he is one of the richest people in the world. The official religion in Brunei is Islam. There are also minorities of people who follow Buddhism or Animism. Brunei's official language and national language is Malay. Brunei is one of the smallest Muslim countries in the world.

From the 14th to the 16th centuries Brunei Darussalam was the seat of a powerful sultanate extending over Sabah, Sarawak and the southern Philippines. Thus, the current Sultan represents one of the oldest continuously ruling dynasties in the world. By the 19th century, the Brunei Darussalam Empire had been whittled away by wars, piracy and the colonial expansion of European powers.

In 1847, the sultan ended a treaty with Great Britain and in 1888 Brunei Darussalam officially became a British protectorate. In 1906, the Residential System was established in Brunei Darussalam. A British Resident was nominated as a representative of the British government to advise the sultan in all matters except Malay customs, traditions and Islamic religion.

The 1959 Agreement established a written constitution which gave Brunei Darussalam internal self-government. In 1971, the agreement was amended and revised to assert full internal independence except defence and external affairs.

On June 5, 1966 His Highness Sultan Haji Sir Muda Omar Ali Saifuddien abdicated in favour of his son Pengiran Muda Mahkota Hassanal Bolkiah. On January 1, 1984 Brunei Darussalam resumed full independence and the Sultan took office as Prime Minister, Finance Minister and Home Affairs Minister, presiding over a cabinet of six. In October 1986, the cabinet was expanded to 11 members, with His Majesty relinquishing the portfolios of Finance and Home Affairs and taking over the Defence portfolio which his late father had held since 1984. In 1988 another reshuffle brought about the elevation of the deputy minister to a full minister and the creation of the Ministry of Industry and Primary Resources designed to boost the country's development.

In spite of the sizable non-Muslim population (about 1/3 of the population) and criticism by the international community, the Sultan still announced Brunei's adoption of Sharia law in 2013 to fully enforce on the Muslim majority and partially enforce on non-Muslims. It was expected to take full effect in 2016 after 3 phases, and had begun partial enforcement in its first phase in 2014. It is the first country in East and Southeast Asia to practice Sharia law.

Brunei is divided into four districts ("daerahs") and 38 subdistricts ("mukims").

The daerah of Temburong is physically separated from the rest of Brunei by the Malaysian state of Sarawak.

Over 90% of Brunei's total population lives in 15 of the 38 mukims.

Officially, there are no places in Brunei that have "city" status. Some of the important places are:


Brunei gets most of its income by selling oil. In 2011 the IMF said that Brunei was one of two countries (the other being Libya) with no public debt.

Brunei uses the Brunei Ringgit to trade. However, the Singapore dollar can be used here as both currencies are of the same value.



Bangladeshi taka

The Taka is the currency of Bangladesh. The most commonly used symbol for the Taka is Tk and ৳. This is used on receipts while purchasing goods and services. One taka is divided into 100 poisha.
In Bengali, the word "taka" is also used to mean any money, currency, or notes. 

Bangladesh Bank, the central bank of the country, prints the currency, except for one taka and two taka notes, which are made by the Ministry of Finance.


Bogotá

Bogota is the capital (city) of Colombia. As of 2009, more than 7 million people live in Bogota, which makes it the largest city in Colombia. It is about above sea level, on a plateau. This makes it the third highest capital in the world. With many universities and libraries, Bogotá has become known as "The Athens of South America".The weather is usually nice during the day and cool at night. It has a series of bike paths (trails that are made for bikes) that wind through the city. It has many recreational and amusement parks open to the public. The current mayor is Carlos Fernando Galán.

Originally, Native Americans called Muisca lived in the area. Then, in 1538, Gonzalo Jimenes de Quezada, a Spanish conqueror, founded Bogota. Bogota became a center of trade, art, and education. Some of the oldest universities in the Americas are in Bogota. After Independence from Spain, Bogota became the capital of Gran Colombia in 1819. 

Bogota has had extremely awful moments. In 1948, a presidential candidate, Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, was murdered while doing a speech in front of hundreds of persons. This tragic moment brought with it terrible consequences: one of the most remembered one is the "Bogotazo". The "Bogotazo" started as a political party war, the blue party, self named the "conservatives", began to hunt and kill every single member of the red party, the "liberals". The remaining blue party members decided to create the "Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia" (FARC); however, this group was ironically created to protect the oppressed people from their oppressors. Nowadays, this group is known as terrorists and murderers;nevertheless, Colombia's capital city, Bogota, has not being attacked in the last few years.

Aymara people

The Aymara are members of a tribe of Native Americans that live in Bolivia and Peru. They are native to the area around Lake Titicaca. They speak the Aymara language. They call themselves Aymaras. 

The president of Bolivia, Evo Morales, is Aymara.

The many-colored flag of the tribe is called the Wiphala.

Perihelion

The perihelion is the point in the orbit of a planet, asteroid or comet that is nearest to the sun. It is the opposite of aphelion, which is the point farthest from the sun.

The word perihelion stems from the Greek words "peri," meaning near, and "Helios," meaning the Greek god of the sun. So it is referred to as perihelion. 

All planets, comets and asteroids in our solar system have approximately elliptical (a kind of non-circular) orbits. Thus, they all have a closest and a farthest point from the sun: a perihelion and an aphelion. Orbital eccentricity measures the flatness of the orbit. Any single revolution of a body around the sun is only approximately elliptical, because the precession of the perihelion prevents the orbit from being a simple closed curve such as an ellipse. This causes Milankovich cycles. 

Earth comes closest to the sun every year around January 3. It is farthest from the sun every year around July 4. The difference in distance between Earth's nearest point to the sun in January and farthest point from the sun in July is 3.1 million miles (5 million kilometers). Earth is about 91.4 million miles (147.1 million kilometers) from the sun in early January, in contrast to about 94.5 million miles (152 million kilometers) in early July.

When Earth is closest to the sun, it is winter in the northern hemisphere and summer in the southern hemisphere. Thus it is possible to see that Earth's distance from the sun does not noticeably cause the seasons to change; the relatively minor effects of differences in distance is somewhat masked by the mainly oceanic southern hemisphere vs the half- continental northern hemisphere. Therefore, the Earth's seasons come and go mainly because Earth does not rotate with its axis exactly upright with respect to the plane of our world’s orbit around the sun. Earth's axial tilt is 23.5 degrees. This puts the Sun farther south in December and January, so the north has winter and the south has summer. Thus winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly. Summer falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes most directly.

Johnston Atoll

The island is named after Captain James Johnston, who discovered it in 1807. The island was mined for guano until 1890. After that, it was used as an army base.


Llama

A Llama ("Lama glama") is a mammal of the "Camelidae" family. It is from South America, the Andes Mountains of Peru and Ecuador.

Sometimes the name "llama" is used for all four South American camelids.

The llama was domesticated about 5000 years ago. It was and is used for carrying things, and for wool. The llama was very important for the Incan people. Even today, llamas are used for similar reasons, but will more commonly be used as domesticated pets.

The llama's close relative is the alpaca, who is a more demure, petite animal in comparison to the llama. Llamas have three related cousins - the alpaca, the guanaco, and the vicuña. The llama is the national symbol of Bolivia.

Llamas spit, and travel together. Llamas also have a high content of hemoglobin which causes their blood cells to be oval and not circular.

1840s

The 1840s was the decade that began on January 1, 1840 and ended on December 31, 1849.





Mexican–American War

The Mexican–American War took place between 1846 and 1848 between United States and Mexico. 

When Mexico got independence from Spain in 1821, Texas was part of Mexico. Americans and other settlers came into Texas when Mexico allowed non-Spanish settlers to settle there.

After many settlers came to Texas, disputes led to the Texas Revolution in 1836, when Texas became independent. Mexico refused to recognize the Republic of Texas as an independent country. Eventually, Texas asked to join the United States.

The United States moved quickly to annex Texas after the 1844 election of President James K. Polk. In his campaign, Polk had called for the "re-annexation" of Texas and the "re-occupation" of the Oregon Territory. Polk also wanted California and the rest of what is now the Southwestern United States.

In 1845, the United States annexed Texas. However, Mexico still did not recognize its independence or recognize the annexation. The US offered to buy from Mexico the land extending from Texas to the Pacific Ocean, but Mexico wanted to keep the vast area.

In 1846, a dispute over the border between Texas and Mexico resulted in armed conflict, and the Mexican–American War began. After offering to buy the territory, Polk moved US troops into a place that Mexico said was not in Texas but in the Mexican state of Coahuila. The Mexican army attacked them.

The main cause of the war was the westward expansion of the United States. In the 19th century, Americans believed it was their right to expand westward. They believed they could take over the people already living on the land and have it for the United States. Also, Southerners wanted to have more slave states.

Antonio López de Santa Anna became Mexican president again. Many Mexicans hated him and did not want to follow him into war. Many Americans, including the young Abraham Lincoln, also disliked the war since they thought that it was to expand slavery.

In addition to small units sent to California and New Mexico, the US sent two major armies into Mexico under the commands of General Winfield Scott and future US President General Zachary Taylor.

After the US had entered Mexico, Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Anna took command of the Mexican soldiers in early 1847. The US forces fought Santa Anna near Monterrey and Buena Vista. After Buena Vista, the Mexican army had many problems, including starvation, disease, and desertion. The Mexican government was unstable.

In March 1847, Scott landed at Veracruz. His force included future Civil War Generals Robert E. Lee, Ulysses S. Grant, Stonewall Jackson and George G. Meade as well as Commodore Perry. Scott took Puebla in May and took Mexico City in September after the Battle of Chapultepec.

When American soldiers came to California, the Bear Flag Revolt was happening. Some Californians were trying to leave Mexico and to form their own country, as had happened in Texas. In July and August 1846, American soldiers captured Monterey, Yerba Buena, and Los Angeles. After a counterattack by the "Californios", the Americans had taken much of California by 1847. The Mexican governor of California, Pio Pico, left the state.

The US won the war, and Mexico signed the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848, which gave the US the area that would become the states of Arizona, California, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, southwestern Colorado, and southwestern Wyoming. Mexico received 15 million US dollars and gave up its claims to Texas.

The slavery debate in the United States became more intense with the addition of the new territory and the question of whether slavery would be legal in the new territories. Also, many of the officers who would lead troops in the American Civil War fought in the Mexican-American War would use their experiences.

Nevada and California became part of the US with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Before then, Nevada was part of Alta California, which is now California, Baja California, Utah, about a quarter of Colorado, parts of Arizona, Wyoming and New Mexico.

The Act of Congress establishing California as the 31st state was part of the Compromise of 1850.


Revolutions of 1848

The European Revolutions of 1848 were a series of revolts in Europe. In some places they are called Spring of Nations or the Year of Revolution.

These revolutions started in January with a Palermo republican uprising. The larger French Revolution of 1848 in February was followed in March by several other revolutions amongst them the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 and the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. In Ireland, the rebellions began because of famine conditions in their country.

People in the various countries tried to take over their governments.

Edvard Grieg

Edvard Grieg (born 15 June 1843 Bergen, Norway; died 4 September 1907) was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period. He is Norway’s most famous composer. He is best known for his Piano Concerto and for his incidental music to Henrik Ibsen's play "Peer Gynt", which includes movements called "Aubade" and "In the Hall of the Mountain King". He wrote many pieces for piano, including a collection of 66 pieces called "Lyric Pieces". He also wrote songs to Norwegian and to German words.

Grieg was born in Bergen on 15 June 1843. His ancestors were Scottish people who had moved to Norway around 1770. The original family name was spelt "Greig".

Grieg came from a musical home. His mother was his first piano teacher. He went to several schools, and started composing when he was young. He used to take his compositions to school, but the teacher did not show much interest in them.

In the summer of 1858 Grieg met the great Norwegian violinist Ole Bull, who was a friend of the family, and whose brother was married to Grieg's aunt. Bull noticed the 15-year-old boy's talent and persuaded his parents to let him go to Leipzig in Germany to study music.

Grieg enrolled in the conservatory, concentrating on the piano, and enjoyed all the concerts and recitals given in Leipzig. He did not like the discipline of the conservatory course of study, but he still got very good grades. The first piano recital he gave was in Sweden. In 1862 he finished his studies in Leipzig and went back to Bergen where he gave another recital.

In 1863 Grieg went to Copenhagen, Denmark, and stayed there for three years. He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartman, and Niels Gade. Gade told him to go and write a symphony. Grieg did not feel happy writing a long symphony although he did try. He also met the Norwegian composer Rikard Nordraak who had composed the Norwegian national anthem. Nordraak showed Grieg how wonderful Norwegian folk music was. Grieg had hardly heard any Norwegian folk music until then. When Nordraak died, Grieg composed a funeral march in his honour.

On 11 June 1867, Grieg married his first cousin Nina. The next year their only child, Alexandra, was born. The following summer, Grieg wrote his Piano Concerto in A minor while on holiday in Denmark. Edmund Neupert gave the concerto its first performance on 3 April 1869 in the Casino Theater in Copenhagen. Grieg himself was unable to be there because he was conducting in Christiana (now called “Oslo”).
In the summer of 1869, Grieg's daughter Alexandra became ill and died, at the age of 13 months.

In 1870, he met Franz Liszt in Rome. Liszt had made it possible for Grieg to get a travel grant. They played Grieg's Violin Sonata No. 1 together, which Liszt liked very much. On a second visit, in April, Grieg brought with him the manuscript of his Piano Concerto which Liszt played by sight. Liszt gave him some advice about the orchestration.

Grieg spent most of his time conducting and playing the piano in concerts. He often travelled, and in 1876 he went to Bayreuth to hear the first performance of Wagner’s Ring cycle. He wrote a review of the operas for a Norwegian newspaper.

In 1876, Ibsen asked Grieg to write some incidental music for the first performance of the play he had written about the Norwegian hero Peer Gynt. Many of the pieces from this work became very popular. They are played by orchestras as well as in arrangements for piano or for piano duet.

In 1883 he and wife parted for a while, although friends managed to persuade the couple to come together again and they spent four months in Rome. They built a house called Troldhaugen in Bergen, with a view of the fjord. They moved into the house in 1885 and Grieg lived there for the rest of his life. They continued to travel and give concerts. Nina had a good voice and sang her husband’s songs. Grieg only performed his own works at concerts. During his last years he received many honours.

In his later life Grieg became famous, although never rich. The Norwegian government gave him a pension. Grieg made some recordings of his piano pieces. These are some of the very first gramophone recordings that were made. The sound is not very good, but they show that Grieg was an excellent pianist. He also recorded music rolls on a pianola.

Edvard Grieg died in the autumn of 1907, aged 64, after a long illness. He had suffered from respiratory problems ever since he was very ill in 1860 as a student in Leipzig. At his funeral thousands of people went out on the streets of his home town to honour him. Following his wish, his own funeral march for Rikard Nordraak was played, as well as the funeral march by Frederic Chopin. His and his wife's ashes are buried in a mountain crypt near his house, Troldhaugen.

Grieg was often inspired by Norwegian folk music. This can be heard in his songs and some of his instrumental music. His chamber music includes 3 violin sonatas and a cello sonata as well as a piano sonata and many shorter piano pieces. However, he has become very well known all over the world through his Piano Concerto and his music for "Peer Gynt". Another popular work is his "Holberg Suite" which was originally written for the piano but later arranged for string orchestra.

The famous opening of Grieg’s Piano Concerto featured in a comedy sketch by Morecambe and Wise in the 1970s. The conductor André Previn was their special guest in the sketch which has become a classic.

Palmyra Atoll

Palmyra Atoll is an island in the North Pacific Ocean. No one lives there, but 4 to 20 people use this island, mainly scientists. It is managed as a nature reserve by the United States. It is known as the "Palmyra Atoll National Wildlife Refuge".

In 2005, a team of scientists from around the world started to build a research station on the island. They wanted to gain a deeper understanding of the environment of the island.

Palmyra Atoll was claimed by the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1862, and was taken by the United States in 1898 along with Hawaii. The atoll was not included in the Hawaii Admission Act of 1959, which made Hawaii a state, so it remained a US territory.



Kingman Reef

Kingman Reef is a coral reef in the North Pacific Ocean, owned by the United States. 

It is the farthest north of the Northern Line Islands. It is only sometimes above water. 

Palmyra Atoll is the other U.S. territory in the Northern Line Islands.


Jarvis Island

Jarvis Island (; formerly known as Bunker Island) is an uninhabited island owned by the United States. The small island is a part of the United States Minor Outlying Islands, a group of mostly uninhabited islands.

Jarvis Island was officially made part of the United States in 1858. People used to mine guano there, but they then abandoned it. The United States treats it as a nature reserve. 

Located 25 miles south of the equator, Jarvis Island, is an uninhabited coral island located in the South Pacific Ocean. Jarvis has no known natural freshwater sources, and very little rain. This creates a very bleak, flat landscape with plants no larger than shrubs. Jarvis Island has no ports or docks, other than a reef the guano miners blew up in order for the cargo boats to be able to drop anchor. Its grass, vines and low-growing bushes are primarily a nesting, roosting, and foraging habitat for wildlife. The island has a tropical desert climate, with high temperatures in the day, constant wind, and a very hot sun. There is no evidence that the island has ever supported a native human population, but on August 30, 1913, the Amaranth was carrying a cargo of coal from Newcastle, New South Wales, to San Francisco when it crashed on Jarvis' southern shore. Ruins of ten wooden buildings, and a two-story house among them, could still be seen by the "Amaranth" crew, who left Jarvis aboard two lifeboats. Also, Settlers were moved to Jarvis Island in 1935 to maintain a weather station and plan a landing field. A settlement called Millersville was established on the west coast of the island because of it was the highest elevation. The Japanese shelled the island in 1942 and the men living on Jarvis were evacuated soon afterward. The United States claimed possession of Jarvis under the Guano Islands Act of 1856. The Act gave American citizens the right to claim any unclaimed, uninhabited islands for the purpose of mining guano. Because at the time guano was a very valuable asset used for fertilizer.


Robert E. Lee

Robert Edward Lee (January 19, 1807 – October 12, 1870) was an American colonel in the United States Army. He became the General-in-chief of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He led the Army of Northern Virginia in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. He started out as an engineer but then moved up the ranks. Before the Civil War, Lee was an officer in the Mexican-American War. He was also head of West Point. As a colonel in the United States Army he led a battalion of marines to put down the rebellion at Harpers Ferry Armory and captured their leader, John Brown.

Lee was born at Stratford Hall in Westmoreland County, Virginia, on January 19, 1807. His parents were American Revolutionary War General and Governor of Virginia, Henry "Light Horse Harry" Lee, and his wife, Anne Carter Lee. In 1818, Lee's father died in the West Indies without ever seeing his son again. Robert was raised by his mother in Alexandria, Virginia.

Lee and George Washington were both descendants of Augustine Warner, Sr. and his wife, Mary Towneley Warner. Lee was descended through their daughter, Sarah. Washington was descended through their son, Augustine, Jr. Lee and Washington were third cousins, twice removed.

Lee attended Eastern View, a school in Fauquier County, Virginia. He may have attended schools in Shirley, Virginia, and in Alexandria, Virginia. His mother instructed him in the Episcopalian faith. Lee attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated second in the class of 1829.

On June 30, 1831, Lee married Mary Custis at Arlington House. She was the granddaughter of George Washington's stepson, John Parke Custis. They made their home at Arlington House. They had seven children.

Lee fought in the Mexican–American War under General Winfield Scott as a captain. Later, Scott wrote about Lee calling him "the very best soldier I ever saw in the field." After the war, Lee helped the army build forts. In 1855, Lee became a lieutenant colonel, and joined a cavalry regiment. As a Colonel, Lee was called on to stop the "slave rebellion", otherwise known as John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry. Brown's raid was ended in less than an hour by Lee.

Lee inherited a number of slaves with Arlington House. He proved not to be a very good slave master. He tried kindness and refused to use torture. But the slaves knew their freedom had been granted them in the will and refused to work. Lee wanted to grant them their freedom but needed them to help him see out the work at Arlington House. Personally, Lee hated slavery calling it an "evil" to both blacks and whites. But he thought it had to be ended gradually or the economy of the South would wikt:collapse. But Lee did agree with other Southerners thinking that blacks were inferior. He believed God would work out the problem in his own time. Lee, like Thomas Jefferson had mixed feelings about slavery.

The election of Abraham Lincoln in 1860 caused several states to secede in protest. This put Lee in a difficult position. The newly formed Confederate States of America offered Lee the rank of brigadier general. Lee did not respond to the offer. Winfield Scott offered him command of the army of U.S. volunteers. He didn't answer this offer, either. Between April 12–14, 1861, U.S. troops were bombarded at Fort Sumter at Charleston, South Carolina. The same day Virginia seceded from the Union. Lee did not support secession but he could not fight his own state of Virginia. Lee resigned his U.S. Army commission on April 22, 1861, at Arlington House. He told his friends that he would not be a part of an invasion of the South. Several days later he accepted command of all Virginia forces.

At first, Lee did not command any soldiers in battle. Instead, he helped Confederate president Jefferson Davis make military decisions. In 1862, he became the commander of the Army of Northern Virginia. He would lead the army for the rest of the war. He would win many battles, even though the Union army in the battles had more men and weapons. At the Battle of Gettysburg, he tried to invade the Union in order to end the war. But his army was defeated and he had to retreat back into Virginia.

During 1864 and 1865, Lee fought Union general Ulysses S. Grant in Virginia. During the end of 1864 and the beginning of 1865, Lee and Grant fought near Richmond, Virginia in a series of battles called the Siege of Petersburg. In April 1865, Grant forced Lee to retreat from Richmond. After a series of battles, Grant surrounded Lee near Appomattox Courthouse and forced Lee to surrender. Before he surrendered, he said "I would rather die a thousand deaths than surrender".

President Andrew Johnson issued a proclamation granting amnesty and pardon to those Confederates who were a part of the rebellion against the United States. It contained 14 exempted classes and members of these groups had to make an application to the President of the United States asking for a pardon. Lee sent an application to General Grant. On June 13, 1865, Lee wrote to President Johnson:
On October 2, 1865, Lee became president of Washington College in Virginia. That same day Lee signed his Amnesty Oath as required by President Johnson. But Lee was not pardoned and his citizenship was not restored.

His amnesty oath was found over a hundred years later in the National Archives. It appears United States Secretary of State William H. Seward had given the application to a friend to keep as a souvenir. The State Department had simply ignored Lee's application and it was never granted. In a 1975 Joint resolution by the United States Congress, Lee's rights as a citizen were restored with the effective date of June 13, 1865. The act was signed into law by President Gerald R. Ford on August 5, 1975.

Lee died of heart failure on October 12, 1870. Washington College changed its name to Washington and Lee University in Lee's honor. Lee's birthday is celebrated in several southern states as a holiday.

Robert E. Lee's legacy is complicated, and bring to mind a skilled military leader during the American Civil War, yet his association with the Confederacy raises ethical questions about his role in defending slavery. Opinions on his legacy vary, with some emphasizing his military tactics and others saying negative things and his allegiance to a cause rooted in maintaining slavery. It's a topic that has raised ongoing historical and moral discussions. However, historians engage in ongoing debates about Robert E. Lee's legacy. Some focus on his military prowess and strategic brilliance, while others examine his choice to fight for the Confederacy, a cause deeply entwined with slavery. These discussions often delve into the complexities of historical figures and the background of their actions.


1830s

The 1830s was the decade that began on January 1, 1830 and ended on December 31, 1839.





1820s

The 1820s was the decade that began on January 1, 1820 and ended on December 31, 1829.





Isaiah

Isaiah was a prophet of God in Judaism, Islam, Christianity and Bahá'í. He lived from about 740 to 681 BC. The name "Isaiah" means "the Lord is salvation" in the Hebrew language. 

Isaiah is also the name of a book in the Old Testament of the Bible, which tells the story of the Israelites in Isaiah's time. According to Christianity, Isaiah predicted in this book, the birth and then death of Jesus, hundreds of years before it actually happened. Judaism does not agree with that interpretation.

Isaiah was known to be the Shakespeare of the Bible due to his good education and the quality of the passages he wrote. He was cut in half by King Manasseh which led to his gruesome death. Most of Isaiah's Bible passages begin with 'God's message to'.

Leopold Poetsch

Leopold Poetsch was a German professor and a high school teacher of Adolf Hitler who influenced the future leader's later views. 

Poetsch came from the southern German border area. There, political fights between Slavs and ethnic Germans angered him and made him one who was for the Pan-German movement. He started to teach in Maribor, Slovenia and later moved to Linz, Austria to teach history.

Hitler was very interested in what Poetsch said. Poetsch argued that all ethnic Germans should be united by a single government. He said that the Aryan race was stronger, in better health, and more fit to rule than all other people. Poetsch said that Jews and Slavs were what he called "inferior races". (This view was held a lot in Germany after World War I.)

In his later years, Hitler spoke of Poetsch as a "great man." 


Armenian genocide

The Armenian genocide was the deportation, killing, assimilation and forced conversion to Islam of most Armenians from 1915 to 1917 in the Ottoman Empire, which was ruled by the Young Turks.

In November 1914, the Ottoman Empire joined World War I on the side of the Central Powers. İsmail Enver, the Minister of War, launched a disastrous military campaign against Russian forces in the Caucasus in the hope of capturing Baku. His forces were routed at the Battle of Sarikamis, and many of his men froze to death.

Returning to Istanbul, Enver Pasha largely blamed the Armenians living in the region for actively siding with the Russians. Despite the tensions, the Armenians had thrived under Ottoman rule. Most Armenians were better educated and wealthier than their Turkish counterparts, who were jealous of their success. The resentment was fuelled by suspicions that the Christian Armenians would support fellow Christian governments, especially Russia, which shared an unstable border with the Ottoman Empire, as opposed to the Muslim Ottoman caliphate.

In 1914, the Ottoman War Office had already begun a propaganda drive to present Armenians as a liability and a threat to the Ottomans' security. An Ottoman naval officer in the War Office described the planning:

The Ottoman government, moving quickly, arrested an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals on the night of 24 April 1915. The acts of genocide against the Armenians continued for nine years until 1922, with around 388,000 Armenians remaining.

The massacres of Armenians in 1894, 1895, 1896 and 1909 were still fresh in their minds.

In the beginning, around 1915-1916, Armenians were kicked out of their homes, which were claimed by Turks. During a Turkification campaign, the government squads kidnapped children, converted them to Islam, and gave them to Turkish families. In some places, they raped and forced women to join Turkish “harems” or serve as slaves. Women would mark their bodies with scars or burn a part of their face to be unfit to join a harem. Muslim families moved into the homes of deported Armenians and seized their property.

At the same time, the Turks created a 'Special Organization', which in turn organized 'killing squads' or 'butcher battalions' to carry out, as one officer put it, “the liquidation of the Christian elements”. The killing squads were often made up of murderers and other ex-convicts. People were drowned in rivers, thrown off cliffs, crucified and burned alive.

Guenter Lewy claims in his book,"The Armenian Massacres in Ottoman Turkey: A Disputed Genocide", that there is not enough evidence of the Young Turk regime organizing the killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire.
According to Lewy, even though their fate in World War I proved tragic, it was not a "real" genocide because "there were no centrally organized and state-sponsored premeditation and genocidal intention".

A major obstacle for the wider recognition of the genocide in the world is the official position of Turkey, which states that there was no systematic attempt to annihilate the Armenian population and that the 1915 massacres happened because of the Tehcir Law and the war. In December 2008, a group of Turkish scholars launched an online petition for people who wanted to apologize for what happened. The people who created the petition failed to use the word "genocide" but used "the Great Catastrophe" regarding the event. Many Turks viewed the Armenians as a threat to the Ottoman Empire in a time of war and argued that people of various ethnicities were killed during the violence. Turkey and its leaders fear that recognizing the word "genocide" could cost considerable sums of money in reparations, as well as public embarrassment.



Prime Minister of the United Kingdom

The prime minister of the United Kingdom or British prime minister is the head of government in the United Kingdom. The prime minister controls the Government of the United Kingdom through the cabinet. The prime minister is the chairman of the British cabinet and a member of the Privy Council. It is normal for the prime minister to be the leader of the political party which has a majority in the House of Commons. 

The prime minister is not the head of state, but is the most important politician in Parliament. By tradition, the monarch of the United Kingdom chooses the prime minister. The monarch chooses the leader of the political party with enough votes to get laws passed in Parliament.

Rishi Sunak (Conservative Party) became prime minister on 25 October 2022.

The prime minister is usually the leader of the political party which wins most seats after a general election. There are 650 are available in the United Kingdom. Voters vote for their own local member of parliament, not for the prime minister. Voters in their constituency choose their member of parliament. The prime minister is a member of parliament, and only voters in one constituency can vote for them.

The first prime minister was Robert Walpole in the eighteenth century. He was known as the "First Lord of the Treasury". The first person to be use the title "prime minister" officially was Henry Campbell-Bannerman in 1905.

Well-known prime ministers in the 20th century included David Lloyd George, Stanley Baldwin, Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee, Margaret Thatcher, and Tony Blair. The prime ministers usually live and work at 10 Downing Street or Chequers while in office. Chequers was donated to the country by Winston Churchill.
There are several other official residences, some owned by the government, others held by trusts. The Chevening House estate, in Kent is an example. Dorneywood is another.

There are seven living former British prime ministers:

River Forth

The River Forth is a river in Scotland. 

The source is Loch Ard, in Kinlochard. The river flows through the city of Stirling, and the city of Edinburgh is on the south of the Firth of Forth estuary.

Alejandro Toledo

Alejandro Toledo (born 28 March 1946) is a Peruvian former politician and economist who was the 56th President of Peru from 2001 to 2006. He gained international prominence after leading the opposition against president Alberto Fujimori, who held the presidency from 1990 to 2000. Toledo was also considered a "champion of democracy" in Peru as he was the first democratically–elected president of Peru after the restoration of democracy after 10 years of authoritarian rule by Alberto Fujimori.

He pursued his undergraduate and graduate education at the University of San Francisco and Stanford University. He originally joined the technical and academic field, from where he participated as an analyst on politics and economics on some occasions.

He entered politics when he founded the País Posible party, participating for the first time in the 1995 general election. In 2000, he managed to become in the largest opposition leader to the government of Alberto Fujimori, before whom in the midst of a controversial and bumpy process, lost the election for a second time. After the transition stage and the return of democracy in Peru, he participated for the third time in the 2001 elections against Lourdes Flores of National Unity and Alan García of the Peruvian Aprista Party; he competed with the latter in the second round, winning with 53.1% of the popular vote.

On 16 July 2019, Toledo was arrested in the United States. On 19 March 2020, he was released on bail.

He is from the town of Chimbote in Ancash Region, Peru. He is married to Eliane Karp of Belgium.

Inuktitut

Inuktitut is a language of the Arctic, spoken by Inuits in Canada and in Greenland. Inuktitut is a very complex language. It is an official language in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories.

The Inuit write Inuktitut in two ways. One way to write Inuktitut is by using the Roman alphabet. The other way to write Inuktitut is by using an abugida, which is a kind of alphabet which has letters based on syllables.

The uses a small part of the Unified Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics, a set of letters made up for writing down many of the languages of the First Nations people in Canada.

Some words in English come from Inuktitut or another Inuit language. Among them are the words anorak, igloo, and kayak.

Fall Out Boy

Fall Out Boy (often shortened to FOB) is an alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, USA. The members are Pete Wentz (bassist), Patrick Stump (vocals), Andy Hurley (drums), and Joe Trohman (guitar). They have written successful songs, including "Thnks fr the Mmrs", "Sugar, We're Goin Down" and "Dance, Dance".

Their music is mostly like the pop-punk style, or genre, of music. The band got the name "Fall Out Boy" from a character who appeared in one episode of The Simpsons. "Sugar, We're Goin' Down" was the first single from their album "From Under the Cork Tree". It has peaked at number eight on the "Billboard" charts. The second single was "Dance, Dance" which picked up major airplay in the U.S. The third single was "A Little Less Sixteen Candles, a Little More Touch Me." Their third album is "Infinity on High" and it had lots of success around the world.

Two songs from the album were very popular across the world. They are "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" and "Thnks fr th Mmrs". The second song's title is "Thanks for the Memories" without the vowel letters, which is meant to look as if it were from a text message.

The third single from "Infinity on High" is called "The Take Over, The Breaks Over". The fourth is "I'm Like a Lawyer With the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me & You)". Their fourth album "Folie à Deux", was released on December 16, 2008. "I Don't Care" was the first song released from the album. In late 2009 the band took a rest. Patrick Stump went solo and released his debut album "Soul Punk" on October 18, 2011.

His EP "Truant Wave" was released on February 22, 2011. Bassist Pete Wentz formed the electropop band Black Cards. Guitarist Joe Trohman and Andy Hurley formed a rock band The Damned Things with people from Anthrax and Every Time I Die.

Fall Out Boy came off hiatus in 2013, releasing a new single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" and an album "Save Rock and Roll", along with a supporting tour, They went on the Save Rock and Roll Arena Fall Tour September 2013 with fellow rock band Panic! at the Disco in support of the album as well. In September 2014, they released a new single, called "Centuries".



Greek alphabet

The modern Greek alphabet has 24 letters. It is used to write the Greek language. The Greek alphabet is also frequently used in science and mathematics to represent various values or variables. Most letters in the Greek alphabet have an equivalent in the English language.

The twenty-four letters (each in uppercase and lowercase forms) are: 

Α α, Β β, Γ γ, Δ δ, Ε ε, Ζ ζ, Η η, Θ θ, Ι ι, Κ κ, Λ λ, Μ μ, Ν ν, Ξ ξ, Ο ο, Π π, Ρ ρ, Σ σ or ς, Τ τ, Υ υ, Φ φ, Χ χ, Ψ ψ, and Ω ω.

The Greek alphabet is thought to be where most European alphabets came from. The alphabet was borrowed from the Phoenician alphabet around the 10th century BC, with many changes to make it fit the Greek language. 

Some of the Phoenician letters for sounds not used in Greek were turned into vowels. The Phoenicians had written their abjad without any vowels, and this is the case with Hebrew and Arabic to the present day. Obviously, their peoples knew how to say the words, so that worked well for them. But the Greek addition of vowels was better for countries where it might be a second language. 

The Greek change made reading easier for trading with other cultures. In general, Indo-European languages did not use consonant-based roots (where the word's central meaning is based on the consonants) like those in Semitic languages such as Phoenician, Arabic, Hebrew, and Aramaic. 

At first, Greek was written from right to left, same as Phoenician, but after the 6th century BC, it was written from left to right. 

There were some differences in the early Greek alphabet depending on what part of the Greek world it was used in. But over time, all Greeks started to use the same alphabet, especially after the Ionic alphabet of Miletus was officially adopted in Athens in 403 BC. A little later, the rest of Greece did the same, and by 350 BC, during the life of Alexander the Great, almost all Greeks were using the same twenty-four letter Greek alphabet. 

Later, Aristophanes of Byzantium (c. 257185 BC), a Greek scholar and grammarian, invented the three diacritics (accent marks): acute, grave, and circumflex, to mark the tone or pitch of Greek words.

Although the Greek letters accurately represented all the main sounds of the Greek language early on, the sounds of the Greek language changed over time. Some of the vowel sounds began to sound similar to one another, aspirated voiceless stops became voiceless fricatives, and voiced stops became voiced fricatives. One can get an idea of how older Greek pronunciations sounded, by looking at the Latin and English spellings of Greek loanwords like "philosopher", "Chimera", "Cyprus", and "Thessalonica".

Another diacritic is a comma, usually above initial vowels. This signaled whether or not the sound of the letter 'H' was present. It is not available in the English standard character-set. If this comma-like diacritic above the vowel is reversed, it indicates the presence of an /h/ sound before a vowel, diphthong, or rho. Thus, the Greek name "Ἕκτωρ" is pronounced Hektōr, not Ektor. Another example is ἥρως, pronounced hḗrōs ("hero").

In 1982, a new, simplified orthography, known as "monotonic", was adopted for official use in Modern Greek by the Greek state. It uses only a single accent mark, the acute accent. This marks the stressed syllable of polysyllabic words, that is, words with more than one syllable.



Good Charlotte

Good Charlotte is an American punk music band. They are from Waldorf, Maryland. They have many popular songs, including "The Anthem", "Girls and Boys", "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous", and "The Click". 

Their third album is unique. "The Chronicles of Life and Death" came in two different versions: the Life version, and the Death version. The only difference between them is the last song on the CD. The Life version has "Falling Away", and the Death version has "Meet My Maker".

The lead singer of the band is Joel Madden. His twin brother, Benji, is also in the band. But besides them, there is Billy (guitarist), Paul (bassist) and Dean (drums).

Good Charlotte's influences include All, Rancid, The Smiths, Ben Lee, Government Issue, MxPx, Pixies, The Clash, Weezer, Minor Threat, The Cure, Beastie Boys, Everclear, Green Day, Nirvana, Sex Pistols and The Vandals.



Battle Creek, Michigan

Battle Creek is a city in western Michigan, USA. The headquarters of the Kellogg's cereal company is located in this city.


Grand Rapids, Michigan

Grand Rapids is an American city in Michigan. Located in western Michigan, nearly 200,000 people were living here in 2020.

Former American president Gerald Ford grew up in Grand Rapids. Grand Rapids is also the birthplace of Amway and the Meijer store chain.

Grand Rapids is the county seat of Kent County. It is the second largest city in the state, after Detroit. The third largest is Warren.

The city has many attractions, including the Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park and John Ball Park, which is a zoo. Grand Valley State University has a campus in downtown Grand Rapids.

Many Reformed Christians from Dutch ancestry live in Grand Rapids.

Evo Morales

Juan Evo Morales Aima (born October 26, 1959) was the President of Bolivia from 2006 through 2019. He is an Aymara Native American, and is politically a leftist. He is the founder and leader of the Movement toward Socialism (or MAS) political party. "Movimiento al Socialismo" is its Spanish name. 

On January 22, 2006, he became President of Bolivia. His party has declared that he is the first indigenous person to be president of Bolivia. Not everyone believes this to be true because of his mestizo heritage and similar backgrounds of several past Bolivian presidents. Nonetheless, he is likely the first "culturally" indigenous president of Bolivia.

Born in Oruro, Morales was a leader in a union of coca growers. Morales has said he does not like United States policy toward Latin America, criticizing the country's past failures to stand up for democracy, trade agreements which he feels have not helped Bolivia, and especially for the US's anti-drug policies. Coca is a component in cocaine, but is also an important part of Bolivian culture. Morales became well known for this, and he was elected to Congress.

Even though he was forced out of Congress in 2002, he became a very popular person in Bolivia, and won the country's presidential election in 2005. As president, he focused on economic changes that moved the country toward a more socialist economy, instead of a capitalist one. He also worked with other leaders in South America like Rafael Correa and Nestor Kirchner. Morales has been a popular president, and has been reelected in 2009 and 2014. During this time he has criticized both George W. Bush and Barack Obama and has had arguments with the United States.

In 2016, Morales wanted to pass a Constitutional amendment that would allow him to run for another term in 2019. Many people in Bolivia saw this as a power grab, and the amendment lost the election.

On 20 October 2019 Morales won 47.1% of the vote in the first round of the 2019 Bolivian general election. The results were immediately challenged and led to widespread protests. On 9 November 2019 the Organization of American States published a preliminary report that there were "clear manipulations". The police joined the protests against Morales and on 10 November the military forced him to resign.

Lake Titicaca

Lake Titicaca (, "Titiqaqa Lake") is a large, deep lake in the Andes mountains. The eastern part is in Bolivia and the western part of it is in Peru. It is the largest lake in South America.
Lake Titicaca is at above sea level. It is often called the "highest navigable lake" in the world. It means that it is the highest lake that boats use for trade. There are many other lakes in the world that are higher. The lake has 41 islands. Some of the islands are home to many people. 

Lake Titicaca is home to more than 530 species of water animals.
Several threatened species such as the huge Titicaca water frog and the Titicaca grebe, a bird which cannot fly, only live in or near the lake.

Since 2000, the water level of Lake Titicaca has gone down. This is because of shorter rainy seasons and the melting of glaciers. The Global Nature Fund (GNF) says that the natural life in and around Lake Titicaca is under threat from water pollution and the introduction of new species by humans.

The "Floating Islands" are small islands made by the Uros (or Uru) people. They use layers of cut totora, a thick reed that grows in Lake Titicaca. The Uros make the islands by continuously bending over the reeds that grow in the lake.

Legend says that the Uru people came from the Amazon river area, and moved to Lake Titicaca. The local people did not allow them to have their own land. They then built the reed islands, which could be moved into deep water or to different parts of the lake for safety.

The islands are a golden colour. Many are about big. The largest are about half the size of a football field. Each island has a few houses. The people living together on an island are usually all related. Some of the islands have watchtowers and other buildings, also made out of reeds.

, about 1,200 Uros lived on 60 islands. They are mostly in the west corner of the lake near Puno, a large port town in Peru. The islands have become one of Peru's tourist attractions. This means that the Uros can earn money by bringing visitors to the islands by motorboat and selling crafts.

Amantani is another small island on Lake Titicaca. The people living here speak the Quechua language. About 4,000 people live in 10 communities on the nearly circular island. It has two mountain peaks, called Pachatata (Father Earth) and Pachamama (Mother Earth). Both peaks have ancient ruins on the top. The hillsides planted with wheat, potatoes, and vegetables. Most of the small fields are worked by hand. Long stone fences divide the fields, and cattle and sheep also graze on the hillsides.

Taquile is a hilly island located east of Puno. About 2,200 people live here. It is narrow and long and was used as a prison during the Spanish Colony and into the 20th century. In 1970, it became property of the Taquile people, who have inhabited the island since then. There are pre-Inca ruins on the highest part of the island.
Taquile is famous for its weaving and knitting. "Taquile and Its Textile Art" were honoured by UNESCO with the label "Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity".
Isla del Sol (Spanish for "island of the sun") is one of the largest islands of the lake. It is a rocky, hilly island. There are no cars or paved roads on the island. About 800 families live here.
There are over 180 ruins on the island. Most of these are from the Inca period around the 15th century AD. Among the ruins on the island are the Sacred Rock, a labyrinth-like building called Chicana, Kasa Pata, and Pilco Kaima. The island is also mentioned in Inca mythology.

Isla de la Luna (Spanish for “island of the moon”) lies east of the bigger Isla del Sol. Legends say that this is where Viracocha told the moon to rise.
Archaeological excavations show that the Tiwanaku peoples (around 650–1000 AD) built a large temple on the Island of the Moon. The buildings on the island today were built by the Inca on top of the earlier Tiwanaku ones.
Suriki lies in the Bolivian part of Lake Titicaca. Suriki is the last place where they still make reed boats.


Howland Island

Howland Island is a small island in the north Pacific Ocean, just north of the Equator. It is owned by the United States.

Howland island is a very hot and sunny island with wind blowing almost all the time. It only rains every once in a while.

Howland Island is located at 0 48 N, 176 38 W.


2005 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 2005 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean. Storms sometimes form before and after these dates but most storms form during the season. Tropical Storm Zeta formed on December 30 and dissipated on January 6, which is after the November 30 end of the season. It was the most active Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history.

2005 broke many records set. There were 28 storms that were tropical storms which was broken by 2020 and 15 that became hurricanes. For the first time ever storms were named by the Greek alphabet as the normal name list had been used up. The storm which caused the most damage was Hurricane Katrina, which hit New Orleans, USA, and killed over 1000 people. The strongest storm of the season was not Katrina, it was Hurricane Wilma. Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever in the Atlantic Ocean, reaching a record low pressure of 882 mbar.

Arlene, the first storm of the season, formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north. It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico. Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida. The storm quickly weakened while moving inland, and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13.
Tropical Storm Bret was a weak tropical storm that formed as Tropical Depression Two in the western Gulf of Mexico, then quickly became Tropical Storm Bret. The storm made landfall in Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico the next morning. It dissipated on June 30. The storm cause 2 deaths and $9 million in damage.
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana. It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Cindy left 3 deaths and $320 million in damage.
Hurricane Dennis was very powerful hurricane that reached a peak of 150 mph. Hurricane Dennis moved mostly northwestward in its track. It made landfall in Grenada, and almost made landfall in Jamaica, and also made landfall in Cuba, and Florida (United States).
Hurricane Emily was the strongest and only known category 5 hurricane in July. It beat a record in strength set by Hurricane Dennis only 6 days before. Hurricane Emily was one of four category 5 hurricanes in 2005. Hurricane Emily caused about 17 deaths and $1.014 billion in damage.
Tropical Storm Franklin formed north of the Bahamas on July 21 and moved steadily across the western Atlantic while coming close to Bermuda on July 26. Later, Franklin became an extratropical cyclone near Newfoundland, before being absorbed by another non-tropical system. Franklin caused no damages and killed no people while it stayed in the ocean during most of its life.

Tropical Storm Gert was a weak and short lived storm. Tropical Storm Gert formed in the Bay of Campeche on July 23. The storm made landfall in Mexico and dissipated on July 25.
Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved across the Atlantic Ocean from August 2 to August 8. Harvey caused no damages or deaths and was the eighth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Harvey only affected Bermuda.

Hurricane Irene was a rather long lived storm (about 2 weeks). It took it a while to become a hurricane. The only effects from Irene were large waves. Irene caused no damage or deaths.
Tropical Storm Jose was a strong but very short lived storm. It quickly formed in the Bay of Campeche and made landfall in Mexico. Tropical Storm Jose dissipated the next day. Tropical Storm Jose caused 8 deaths and $45 million in damages.
Hurricane Katrina was a powerful category 5 hurricane. Katrina was the costliest hurricane in U.S. history. Katrina devastated the U.S. Gulf Coast, especially New Orleans, a city in Louisiana. It beat the old record from Hurricane Andrew. Katrina left $125 billion in damage and 1,836 dead.
Tropical Storm Lee formed east of the Lesser Antilles as a tropical depression on August 28. On the next day, the depression weakened into a tropical low. The low then moved north and became stronger. It became a tropical storm for a short time on August 31. Lee quickly weakened again into a remnant low and was absorbed by a cold front on September 2.

Hurricane Maria was a major hurricane in September 2005. This storm was rare because it affected New Jersey, Iceland, Scotland, and Norway. Hurricane Maria caused 3 deaths and $3.1 million in damage.
Nate was a category 1 hurricane. Hurricane Nate also helped Hurricane Maria kill one person in Bermuda, and another in New Jersey. 

Hurricane Ophelia was a category 1 hurricane in September of 2005. It moved strangely just offshore of the United States. In all, Ophelia killed 3 people and caused $70 million in damage, mostly to North Carolina.

Hurricane Philippe was a category 1 hurricane that moved near land, but did not affect land. This was the third of eleven uses of a "P" name.
Hurricane Rita was a powerful category 5 hurricane that started east of the Bahamas on September 26. It moved south of Florida and into the Gulf of Mexico. Rita became a category 5 hurricane very fast, then made landfall. Hurricane Rita made landfall as a category 3 hurricane in Texas, on September 24. By September 26, Rita had died over the U.S. The hurricane killed about 120 people and caused $10 billion in damage. This was only the second time that an "R" name was used in the Atlantic, the first being Roxanne.
Hurricane Stan was the sixth of the seven storms in 2005 to make landfall in Mexico. The storm caused $1 billion in Mexico and the Central American region. The exact number of people killed is unknown, but the guess is around 1,660, though it could be up to 2,000. 
Tammy was a tropical storm that only existed for a total of two days and brought minor damages to the southeastern United States. It peaked with 50 mph (85 km/h) just before making landfall on the northern Florida coast. Tammy formed from a strong non-tropical low on October 5 just off the Floridan coast. It moved north, peaking with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds just before making landfall on Atlantic Beach, Florida on October 6. Tammy died shortly later. Most of the damages were losses from FEMA that totaled up to $30 million. Tammy also killed 10 people. This was only the second time that a name starting with the letter "T" in the Atlantic Ocean. The first use was from Hurricane Tanya in 1995.
Hurricane Vince was a very rare and unusual hurricane. Hurricane Vince formed in the Atlantic, in a location where the water was too cold for a storm to form. It was only a hurricane for about 6 hours. The storm performed another rare feat, which was making landfall in Spain. This was the first time that a "V" name had been used in the Atlantic.
Hurricane Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean. Hurricane Wilma lasted as a storm from mid to later October in 2005. Wilma left $28.8 billion in damage, mostly to Florida and the Yucatán Peninsula.
Tropical Storm Alpha was the first tropical storm to get a Greek alphabet name. It caused 43 people to die over Haiti, Dominican Republic, and the Bahamas. All of this happened before Hurricane Wilma absorbed Alpha on October 24. 
Hurricane Beta was a category 3 hurricane in late October, 2005. It strengthened fast and made landfall in Nicaragua, before it died on October 31. Beta caused about 4 deaths and $3 million in damage.
Gamma was a tropical storm that started in the middle of November. It crossed the Caribbean Sea and dissipated during this time. Tropical Storm Gamma reformed north of Honduras, before it again died. The tropical storm killed about 41 people in Honduras. 
Tropical Storm Delta was a strong tropical storm. It killed at least 7 people in the Canary Islands and caused about $360 million in damage. The remains were last seen over Morocco.
Epsilon was a rare December hurricane, the first since Hurricane Lili in 1984. Forecasters incorrectly guessed on how much time it would take for Epsilon to dissipate. Epsilon did not come anywhere near land.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the last storm of 2005. The storm formed on December 30 over cold waters in the Atlantic. Tropical Storm Zeta dissipated on January 6, 2006. It was only one of two storms to live in two different years (the other was Hurricane Alice, which was in 1954 and 1955). The storm did not affect land or cause any deaths or damage.
There were also four storms in and around the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that were not given any names: Tropical Depression Ten(10), Tropical Depression Nineteen(19), Subtropical Depression Twenty-two(22), and a subtropical storm that was not found until after it had happened. A subtropical cyclone is a storm that is not quite a tropical cyclone, but is more tropical than an extratropical cyclone.

In the spring of 2006, Hurricane Dennis, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Rita, Hurricane Stan, and Hurricane Wilma were retired for the damages they caused, and were replaced by Don, Katia, Rina, Sean and Whitney for 2011.

Christian calendar

A Christian calendar can be any calendar used by various Christian Churches for the Church year, called "liturgical year". For example, it can be used to find out what day Easter will be on, even though it is not the same in every Church.

The church year is divided into seasons like Lent, Easter, Pentecost, Advent and Christmas, with other weeks being seen as ordinary time.

The Gregorian calendar, named after Pope Gregory XIII, is now a civil calendar that is used in many countries around the world.

Catholic, Anglican and Orthodox Christians also celebrate Saint's days - here is a Catholic list

Puberty

Puberty is what happens in children's bodies that changes them into adults. Puberty, depending on sexes, usually takes about four or five years maximum. However, when most people say "going through puberty", they usually just mean approximately the first two years. After that, people sometimes use the word adolescence, although that is a not a very precise word. As girls and boys go through puberty, they become able to have sexual intercourse (sex) and produce children of their own. A girl can become pregnant and have a baby. During puberty, a boy's body begins making semen, and he starts to be able to ejaculate, which is semen shooting out from his penis when he is sexually excited. If he has sex with a girl, meaning he puts his penis into her vagina and ejaculates in her, he can make her pregnant.

There are also changes that happen in the brain. Boys and girls may think about sex more. While children of any age explore, touch and play with their sex organs from time to time, all boys and most girls going through puberty do this a lot. This is called masturbation and is a totally normal and healthy thing to do. Boys and girls going through puberty may question their sexual orientation, meaning they find they are more attracted to the people of the opposite sex, or to people of their own sex, or to both, or their sexual feelings may be fluid (changing) and complicated, often called being queer. People going through puberty often have strong emotions or feelings about many things. Other changes in the brain may make it harder learn a new language the way they learned language(s) when they were young. This change involves something called brain plasticity. It means that children's brains are more flexible in learning.

Puberty is started by hormones, which are chemicals that tell parts of the body to do things. For reasons which are not completely understood, girls and boys now start puberty when they are younger than it happened to boys and girls in the past. Some girls now start puberty at age 9 or 10 or even earlier. For boys puberty is also happening earlier. A 2012 study found that, on average, African American (Black American) boys begin puberty at age 9 while white and Hispanic boys start at age 10, on average. People around the world start puberty at different ages. The reasons for girls and boys starting puberty earlier might be that they eat healthier food and drink more milk. Other reasons might be chemicals in food, chemicals in plastic containers, chemicals in the air and chemicals in the water. The reasons are not known for sure. 

Puberty happening too early is called precocious puberty. This can create problems for the child. Sometimes a young person's body is wrong for what gender they feel they are. They feel there was a mix-up. In both these situations, drugs called puberty blockers can slow down or temporarily stop the process of puberty. 

Changes that happen to boys and girls during puberty include the sex organs growing bigger, hair appearing on the body, and growing taller and stronger. These changes are called secondary sex characteristics. People often notice boys' voices getting deeper, and girls growing breasts and starting to menstruate (have periods).

Because puberty is the time in a child's life when he or she becomes able to make children, this is seen as very important. Therefore, people in many countries around the world have different ways of marking this event.

Puberty is started and carried on by different hormones. Hormones are chemicals that tell parts of the body to do things. Hormones are made by glands in the body. Glands are organs (special parts) of the body that make hormones.

This is what happens during puberty:


Puberty for boys begins at 9-14 and most boys tend to start about 11-12 which is 2 years later than girls
Testicles start to grow, usually between the ages of 11 and 12.
Pubic hair -- the hair around the penis and testicles -- often starts to appear when a boy is 12.
A boy's voice starts to get deeper around the age of 12. 
The penis starts to grow in size often around the age of 13.
Also around age 13, you may notice a temporary growth in the size of your breasts. 

People sometimes have a growth spurt at about 13 1/2.
When they are about 14, people may notice hair growing in their armpits.
Also at age 14, some boys may start having wet dreams.
At around 15 you will get your adult voice 
At 15, people start getting a moustache.
By age 16, you may notice that your beard has started to grow.
at around 16 1/2 95 percent reach adult height

Puberty for Girls begins at 8-13 and most girls tend to start really young at about 9-10 which is 2 years earlier than Boys
The uterus ,vulva and vagina, as well as labia and clitoris, start to grow, usually between the ages of 9 and 10.
Breasts begins to grow often around 10.
Pubic hair -- the hair around your vulva and vagina -- often starts to appear when a girl is 10 1/2.
A girl's voice starts to get deeper around the age of 11.
You may have a growth spurt at about 11 1/2.
When you're 12, you may notice hair growing in your armpits.
Also at age 12, some girls may start having wet dreams. 
at around around 12 1/2 vaginal discharge.
at around 13 menstruation.
at around 14 you will get your adult voice. 
at around 14 1/2 95 percent reach adult height.

On average, girls begin puberty at ages 10–11; boys it's unclear the average age due to the rise of early puberty (according to the 2012 study found African American boys starting to develop on average at age 9 while White and Hispanic at age 10) The experts who did this 2012 study said puberty starts in boys when Tanner stage 2 pubic hair is seen. Stage 2 pubic hair means a small amount of long downy (soft or fine) hair, with color, which is straight or only slightly curled. The hair is seen chiefly at the base of penis. In the past, it was said that for girls, puberty begins around 10 or 11 years of age and ends around age 16. Boys enter puberty later than girls. In the past, it was said that boys usually start puberty around 12 years of age and it lasts until around age 16 or 17." Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15–17, while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16–17. The major landmark of puberty for females is menarche, the onset of menstruation, which occurs on average between ages 12–13; for males, it is the first ejaculation, which occurs on average at age 13. If puberty starts much later than average, the person is sometimes called a late bloomer.

For most boys, puberty takes about a few years, for White and Hispanic tend to start puberty about a year later than African American boys so you may not finish puberty until you're older. For African American boys it's normal to finish puberty a bit sooner. Teenagers are usually about 10 to 30 centimetres (cm) (4 to 12 inches (in)) taller, 7 to 29 kilograms (kg) (15 to 65 pounds (lb)) heavier, and stronger. He is also able to make a woman pregnant (have a baby).

In rich countries in the 21st century, the average age at which children, especially girls, reach puberty is lower compared to the 19th century, when it was 15 for girls and 16 for boys. This can be due to improved nutrition resulting in rapid body growth, increased weight and fat deposition, or eating meat from animals which have been dosed up with estrogen.

This is the general picture, but people around the world may start puberty at different ages. This is because their environment (things around them) may differ quite a bit. Here are some of the things that make puberty happen at different ages in people:


Girls usually reach their adult height and become sexually mature (able to have babies) about four years after puberty starts. Boys keep growing for about six years after puberty starts. Puberty in boys starts off more slowly than in girls, but then speeds up later on. Although boys are usually about shorter than girls before puberty begins, men on average end up about taller than women.

The first sign of puberty in boys is that their testicles (also called the testes) and scrotum (the "bag" that the testicles are in) grow bigger. Before puberty, each testicle is about 1.5 to 2 cm (0.6 to 0.8 in) long and a volume of about 2 to 3 cubic centimetres (cc) (0.1 to 0.2 cubic inches (cu in)). About six years after puberty starts, the testicles reach their adult size. The volume of an average adult man's testicle is about 18 to 20 cc (1.1 to 1.2 cu in). However, it is normal for some men to have testicles smaller than this size, and for other men to have larger testicles.

The penis also grows bigger during puberty. At the start of puberty, the average length of the penis is 6 cm (2.4 in). The penis reaches adult size about five years later. A study done in 1996 found the mean length of an adult man's penis is 3.5 in (8.9 cm) when it is flaccid (, ) (not erect or hard). The average length of an erect penis is about 12.9 to 15 cm (5.1 to 5.9 in).

The testicles have two main jobs: to make hormones and sperm. The testicles make the hormone testosterone, which spreads around the body. This causes the changes in the body that make a boy grow into a man. Testosterone also makes a man feel like having sex. One year after puberty begins, when boys urinate (pee) after waking up in the morning, some sperm can be found in the urine. When a boy is about 13 years old his testicles will have grown to the stage that he may be fertile (able to make a woman pregnant). However, it will still be difficult for him to do so. Boys usually only become fully fertile when they reach about 14 to 16 years of age. The sperm in the testicles mixes with other liquids in the body to form a whitish or yellowish and sticky fluid called semen. During puberty, two glands in the body called the seminal vesicles and prostate also grow bigger. These glands make a lot of the liquid that is in semen.

When a man is sexually excited, he gets an erection – his penis becomes bigger, longer, and harder. A male can become sexually excited if thinks about sex or sees a good-looking person, or if his penis rubs against something. During puberty, some boys also have spontaneous erections. These are erections that happen by themselves without any reason. This can be embarrassing when it happens in a public place.

When a man's penis is sexually stimulated for some time, he has an orgasm and semen shoots out from the penis. This is called ejaculation. Boys who have not begun puberty cannot ejaculate. A boy's first ejaculation usually happens about one year after he begins puberty. For some boys, the first ejaculation takes place when they are sleeping. This is called a nocturnal emission or a wet dream. It happens without the boy's control, often when he is having a dream about sex. Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen. A study was done of 5,300 white men in the United States in 1948 found that 13% of them had their first ejaculation through a wet dream, This seems to tell us that most boys have their first ejaculation after masturbating. A male masturbates when he rubs his penis to make himself feel good sexually. The study also found that most boys who have their first ejaculation by masturbating do this a year or more earlier than boys who have their first ejaculation through a wet dream. A 2004 survey by a magazine in Canada found that most males (43%) started masturbating when they were about 12 to 13 years old. When a boy begins masturbating, wet dreams often stop happening because semen is taken out from his body regularly.

When a boy starts to ejaculate, he usually produces only a small amount of semen. The semen is different from what an adult man produces. It is usually clear and stays sticky. It either has no sperm in it, or sperm that do not move properly or do not move at all. A boy's semen only becomes like an adult man's semen about two years after his first ejaculation.

Not long after a boy's testicles and penis start to grow, pubic hair (, ) begins to appear. Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is. Pubic hair is shorter, curlier, and rougher than hair on the head. It usually starts growing on the abdomen above the penis at the place where it joins the body. (The abdomen is the part of the torso where the navel or bellybutton is.) There may also be some hair on the scrotum. After about six months to a year, there will be a large triangle of hair in the pubic region. Within three to four years after puberty begins, there is a lot of pubic hair in the area above the penis. Later on, pubic hair also grows on the abdomen upwards towards the navel and on the insides of the thighs.

About two years after pubic hair starts to appear, hair also grows on other parts of the body:


The hair on the arms, legs, chest, abdomen, and back may also become thicker. Different men have different amounts of body hair. Many boys begin shaving when hair starts growing on their faces.

A larger amount of male hormones in the body cause changes in perspiration (sweat). This gives it a more "adult" body odor or smell. The hormones also cause sebaceous glands in the skin to make more sebum, a type of oil that keeps the skin from getting too dry. Sebum and dead skin cells can mix with a type of germ called bacteria and block pores (tiny openings) in the skin. This causes a skin problem called acne. Most people get acne during puberty. When a person has acne, he gets swellings on his skin called blackheads, whiteheads, and pimples. Blackheads and whiteheads are painless, but pimples can be red and painful. They usually form on the face but can also appear on the neck, shoulders, upper back, and chest. Oil glands on scalp – the part of the head on which hair grows – also make a lot of sebum. This can cause dandruff, in which small white bits of skin fall from the scalp.

During puberty, a boy's larynx or voicebox also grows larger. This makes the laryngeal prominence or Adam's apple – the lump that sticks out of the front of his neck – larger too. As the larynx grows the vocal folds become longer and thicker, so they vibrate (move back and forth) more slowly. This causes the voice to lower in pitch or tone and become deeper. When this happens, it is sometimes said that the boy's voice has "broken". However, it actually does not happen overnight but over some time. During this time, the voice may sound scratchy. On average, a boy's voice normally reaches its adult sound when he is around 15 years old.

Towards the end of puberty, boys go through a "growth spurt" which lasts for about two to three years. During this time, their body grows taller very quickly. When the growth spurt is at its fastest point, some people grow or more a year. This happens about two years after puberty starts, usually between the ages of 13 and 15. When a boy reaches the end of his growth spurt when he is about 18 years old, he will be at his adult height. His body will not grow much taller after that. Because of their growth spurt, boys' muscles can feel sore. These "growing pains" can feel worse if boys are active and do a lot of exercise. They go away after a while.

Boys grow more slowly than girls but for a longer time. That is why most men are taller than women. By the end of puberty, adult males have heavier bones and more muscle than females. In an average adult man, muscle makes up 50% and fat 15% of his weight. On the other hand, 40% of an average adult woman's weight is made up of muscle while 27% is made up of fat. Because men have less body fat than women, their hips generally do not grow bigger. Some bones like those in the jaw and shoulders grow more in males than in females. That is why males have wider faces and shoulders but narrower hips.

The changes in a girl's body during puberty usually take place between the ages of eight and 18 years. Most girls will have finished puberty around the age of 15. They will have breasts and pubic hair, will menstruate (have a period) every month, and will be able to get pregnant. They will usually also have reached their full adult height.

When the breasts start to grow, this is normally the first sign of puberty that can be seen on the outside of a girl's body. This usually happens when girls are about the age of 10.5 years. A lump that is a bit hard appears in each breast under the areola, which is the dark ring around the nipple. The lump in one breast may grow before the other one. This is called breast budding. Within six to 12 months, both breasts will have started growing. The swelling can be felt and seen outside the edges of the areolae. About one and a half to two years after the breasts first start growing, they are close to the shape and size of an adult woman's breasts. The nipple and areola may be on a smaller mound on each breast. This small mound usually goes away when each breast is fully grown. Whether the breasts are small or large depends on how much fat there is in the body.

Between the ages of about eight and 14 (on average, at 11 or 12 years), pubic hair begins to grow along the labia (the "lips" of the vulva), usually a few months after the breasts start growing. At first the hair is thin and straight instead of curly, and there is not much of it. Within a year, the pubic hair becomes rough, dark, and curly and grows in a triangle shape in the pubic region. About one year after pubic hair begins appearing, underarm hair also grows. The hair on the arms and legs also gets thicker, and some girls may have hair appearing on their upper lip and in front of their ears.

Like boys, higher amounts of hormones in the body cause girls' perspiration (sweat) to change. This gives them a more adult body odor or smell. The hormones also cause the skin to produce more sebum (oil), which usually leads to acne.

When girls are between eight and 11 years old, the two ovaries in their bodies begin to grow bigger. Each ovary is egg-shaped and is attached to the side wall of the pelvis. The pelvis is a large set of bones in the hips. The ovaries are organs that make female hormones. These hormones cause a girl to grow into a woman, and make her feel like a woman. The hormones also make it possible for females to become pregnant and have babies. Inside the ovaries are about 200,000 ova (egg cells). For a baby to be formed, a woman's ovum and a man's sperm must come together. During puberty, the ova also grow bigger.

Between the ages of nine and 15 years (on average, at 12 to 13 years), the vagina and uterus (womb) become bigger. The uterus is the organ in which a baby grows. The vagina is a tube leading from the uterus to the outside of the body. The opening of the vagina is inside the vulva, in between the legs. A clear or whitish fluid may start to flow out of the vagina to keep it clean. Then, about two years after the breasts start to grow, when a girl is between ten and 16 years old (on average, at 13 to 14 years), hormones made by her ovaries cause the ovaries to release an ovum, which moves into the uterus. Usually, only one ovum is released at a time. The hormones also tell the uterus to get ready for a baby, in case the ovum meets a sperm cell and gets fertilized. The walls of the uterus become thicker with extra tissue. Inside the thick part of the uterus are blood vessels and other nutrients that a baby will need to grow. If an ovum in the uterus gets fertilized, it sticks to the wall of the uterus and starts to grow. However, if the ovum is not fertilized, it does not stick. The uterus then gets rid of the ovum and the extra tissue by releasing it from the body. The tissue and blood flows out of the uterus through the vagina. This is called menstruation or having a period. The bleeding normally lasts for about three to five days, though some girls may bleed for longer or have a bit of bleeding between periods. The uterus then starts preparing for another ovum. For most girls, the time between their periods is about one month. For about two years after menstruation starts, the time between periods is not always the same. Some girls may skip a month, or have two periods close to each other. It is also normal to have cramps (rather painful squeezing feelings) or to feel bloated (swollen up) in the abdomen during periods. When many girls start having periods, they begin using sanitary napkins (also called sanitary pads) or tampons to soak up the blood and tissue. A sanitary napkin is a piece of material that is absorbent (able to take in liquids) and is worn between the vulva and underpants. A tampon is a stick of absorbent material that is placed inside the vagina.

In 2004, a survey by a Canadian magazine found that most females (25%) started masturbating when they were about 12 to 13 years old.

Because of more hormones in the body, girls start to have more fat in their breasts, abdomen, hips, and thighs. At the age of ten years, the average girl has 6% more body fat than the average boy, but by the end of puberty, the difference is nearly 50%. The fat makes sure that a baby growing inside a pregnant woman will have enough nutrients. Also, the bones in the pelvis move further apart to make room for a larger uterus and ovaries, so there is space for a baby to grow in the uterus and to pass out of the body when it is born. The extra fat and wider hip bones that girls have give them a curvier shape.

Girls also experience a growth spurt during puberty. In the first year after puberty begins, they grow about . They grow even faster the next year or so, then the growth slows down and almost stops when they start menstruating. After a girl's periods begin, she usually does not grow more than taller.

The large amounts of hormones in the bodies of boys and girls during puberty can also affect their emotions. Young people begin to be attracted by (drawn to) each other and thinking about what it is like to have sex. They are often worried about what other people think about them. They can also feel the urge to do things that are dangerous, such as taking drugs or too many alcoholic drinks, or smoking. They sometimes want more independence – more power to decide things for themselves – and can get angry when their parents do not allow them to do things. The brains of teenagers are still growing, and it may take a while before they are mature enough to know how to make good choices about their lives. Therefore, it may be helpful for them to follow the advice of adults they trust, even if it does not make much sense to them at the time.

This is a very controversial and debated topic, but sometimes, whether due to external influences or not, a person's body is wrong for their perceived gender identity. They may have male sex organs but feel that they are a female, or they may have female sex organs but identify as male. Medical operations by doctors and hormone pills can change the body, but those operations are not done on young people. Instead, doctors can give drugs that slow down or stop puberty so the person has more time to decide what to do. As of 2023, some states in the United States say doctors cannot give these drugs to young people. The talk about these drugs has become very political. These drugs were usually made for other reasons, such as stopping cancer. These drugs can also be used if a child starts puberty at a very early age, such as 7 or 8. The name for that situation is "precocious puberty." Going through puberty too early creates medical and psychological problems. The person might not grow as tall as they could. They might feel very different from their friends and other children in school. Girls who go through puberty early have a bigger chance of being sexually assaulted. They also have a bigger chance of becoming pregnant while still a young teenager. There might be a bigger chance that later in life they might get a cancer such as breast cancer, because there is a higher risk associated with the number of years in between when the woman went through puberty (usually defined as menarche for studies) and the first time she has a baby. Studies have shown that early-maturing boys are more likely to be sexually active and are more likely to participate in risky behaviors. 
One of the drugs that can be given to people with boy bodies is called Lupron Depot. It works by causing a very big drop in testosterone levels. The drugs to block or slow puberty can be given with a needle in the leg, or sometimes the shoulder. In a young person with a boy body, for some drugs, the needle is put in a testicle. Sometimes the drugs are in a patch that is under the skin of an upper arm. The patch is usually changed once a year. There is a chance that unwanted things could happen because of these drugs. These things are called side effects. There are some short term side effects, most of which are not huge problems for most people getting the drugs. The more important thing is that these drugs might have long-term effects on:

With drugs involving body chemicals called hormones that regulate things like growth, there might be a slight chance of increasing cancer risk, even though these drugs are often used as anticancer drugs.

Because puberty is the time in a child's life when he or she becomes able to make children, this is seen as very important. Therefore, people in many countries around the world practice Rites of passage to mark this change.







Stamford Bridge

Stamford Bridge could be


Bali tiger

The Bali tiger, or Balinese tiger ("Panthera tigris balica") is one of the three extinct subspecies of the tiger. They became extinct in 1937. They lived on Bali. This was the first subspecies of tiger to become extinct.

The Bali was also the smallest tiger subspecies. There is no record of a Balinese tiger ever being held in a zoo collection. The Balinese tiger's close sub-species were the Javan tiger and the Caspian tiger, which are now also extinct. The Balinese and Javan tigers were once the same, but during the Ice Age, Bali became isolated from Java by the Bali Strait. This split the tigers into two groups which then went onto develop alone. 

The killing of the very last wild Balinese tiger is usually thought to have been at Sumbar Kima, West Bali on 27 September, 1937. It was an adult tigress. So the government of Bali made a strict law on killing tigers, but by then it was too late, because the Bali tiger had already become extinct.

1507

Year 1507 (MDVII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.



479 BC

479 BC was a year in the 5th century BC.



192

192 was a leap year.


1202

1202 (MCCII) was .





Sitting Bull

Sitting Bull (about 1831 – December 15, 1890), real name Tatanka Yotanka, was the chief of a Native American tribe called Hunkpapa-Lakota-Sioux. At the age of about 14, Slow participated in a war party against the Crow (warriors).
At the age of 10, however, he killed his first buffalo.
He was a very important chief and fought for the freedom of Native Americans. He fought with Crazy Horse and Big Foot at the Little Bighorn River against General George A. Custer and won. They are the most deadly tribe.

He was killed by Red Tomahawk, a police sergeant, during an attempt to arrest him. 

Michelle Kwan

Michelle Kwan (born July 7, 1980) is a retired American figure skater and diplomat. She has won five world championships and nine U.S. championships. She has been the United States Ambassador to Belize since 2022.

Michelle Kwan was born on July 7, 1980, in Torrance, California. Kwan showed interest in figure stating when she followed Ron and Karen, her brother and sister, onto the ice, saying that all she could remember was "every day, tying up my skates and a big smile on my face, excited to go on the ice". She attended public school until eighth grade, when she began being homeschooled in 1994.

Kwan won the world junior championship in 1994. The same year, at the age of 13, she came in the top 10 in the world senior championship. She became world champion in 1996, when she was 15.

On December 15, 2021, President Joe Biden announced that he planned to nominate Kwan to be United States Ambassador to Belize.



Frank Jack Fletcher

Frank Jack Fletcher (29 April 1885 - 25 April 1973) was an Admiral in the United States Navy. He was born at Marshalltown, Iowa, of the same family line as Captain Frank "Pat" Fletcher and of Rear Admiral Frank Friday Fletcher, noted men in the Navy. He attended the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland and had jobs on many warships. In 1914 he got the Medal of Honor at Vera Cruz. Then he was in control of a destroyer in World War I received the Navy Cross. Later he took Naval and Army War College training, became chief of staff Asiatic Fleet, aide to Secretary of the Navy Swanson, and Commanding Officer of battleship "New Mexico." He became Rear Admiral in control of Cruiser Division 3 in 1939. He was Commander of Cruisers, Pacific Fleet at the time
of Pearl Harbor. In the very bad, first six months of the war, he was Task Force Commander at the Battle of Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway, and the Battle of Eastern Solomons. Vice Admiral Fletcher then became Commander North Pacific Forces where he took the surrender of the Imperial Northern Fleet. After the war he became Chairman of the Navy General Board till he retired. Admiral Fletcher rests at Arlington National Cemetery.

"Frank Jack Fletcher, was the best fighting commander in the U.S. Navy in the twentieth century. He came out best in all three aircraft carrier battles in which he fought -- there were only five such fights in of all history. Admiral Fletcher was outnumbered at all times and when the other side was at its highest point in the early years of the Pacific War. He did not let the other side take Australia, Midway, and Guadalcanal. He put down six of the ten Japanese carriers with four of the six great carriers that had attacked Pearl Harbor. His acts were completely his own, because there was no such thing as carrier fighting experience before him to learn to fight ships from the air. He kept the Pacific safe which let much support to go to Europe and started the Allied victory in World War II."

Irina Slutskaya

Irina Slutskaya (ru: Ирина Слуцкая) (born February 9, 1979 in Moscow), is a Russian figure skater. She has won two world championships and six European championships.

Irina began skating when she was four years old. She has had the same coach, Zhanna Gromova, since she was six years old. By 1996, she was European champion and came third in the world championships (at age 17). She went to school at the Moscow Academy of Physical Culture, graduating in the year 2000.



Lu Chen

Lu Chen (Simplified Chinese: 陈露, Traditional Chinese: 陳露, Chen Lu in Chinese) (born November 24, 1976, in Changchun) is a Chinese figure skater. She was world champion in 1995.

Chen's mother played table tennis and her father coached ice hockey. She started skating at the age of five in Jilin, and also took ballet dancing. She won the bronze medal at the world junior championship in 1992, and came third at the world senior championships the same year, at the age of 16.

Her nickname is "Lulu," and she is also known as "Butterfly on Ice." She is admired for her artistic ability.

Chen skated for the professional show "Stars on Ice" for two years. Now she runs an ice skating club in Shenzhen. This club is named after her.



Oksana Baiul

Oksana Baiul (born November 16, 1977 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian figure skater. She came first at the 1993 world championships and at the 1994 Winter Olympics.

Baiul's grandfather gave her first skates to her when she was three years old. When her mother died, she became an orphan. But she kept skating, and won the World Championships when she was only 15 years old. She became famous for her artistic ability when she skated as "The Swan" to win the Olympics when she was 16. 

She has skated for many professional shows such as "Champions on Ice" and "Stars on Ice". A television movie was made about her - "A Promise Kept: The Oksana Baiul Story". She moved to New Jersey. She still skates professionally, and also makes figure skating clothes.



Hobo

Hobo is a word for a homeless person who travels to different cities and towns to look for work. Hobos usually travel by train "hopping" (riding in empty train freight railcars without paying for a ticket), or sometimes "riding the rods" (lying dangerously near the train wheels, underneath the cars).

Hobos stay in very cheap hotels in cities, or camp in simple shelters ("shanties") in shanty towns near the rail yards. There were many hobos during the Great Depression in the United States because many people lost their jobs and homes. Many people blamed President Herbert Hoover for the Depression, so hobo camps were sometimes called "Hoovervilles".

Wicca

Wicca is a neo-pagan (meaning "new pagan") religion that was created by a British man named Gerald Gardner in the mid-to-late 1940s. Gardner popularized the new religion through books of his that were printed in 1949, 1954, and 1959. Those three books are "High Magic's Aid", "Witchcraft Today", and "The Meaning of Witchcraft". Gardner called Wicca the "witch cult" and "witchcraft", and called its followers the "Wica" (or "Wicca"). In his 1959 book he also called them the "Wicca" (with two 'c's), which is where that word came from. The word "wicca" means "witch" in Old English. People who follow Wicca are called "Wiccans". Before the name "Wicca" was adopted, the religion was sometimes called simply "the craft".

Wicca is now used as an umbrella term for many different paths that have branched off from Gardner's original practices.

Some time from 1945 to 1949, Gerald Gardner changed, and added content to, the rituals of an earlier group, called the New Forest Coven. In so doing, Gerald Gardner created Wicca. The many elements from the grimoire (old hand-written book) called the "Key of Solomon" are present in Wicca. Those are also in Gardner's 1949 book, "High Magic's Aid", and were most likely added by Gardner himself, rather than by the New Forest Coven that came before him.

The New Forest Coven was created in the city of Christchurch, England (on the southern coast of England), some time in the 1930s. It was created by a group of low-ranking members of the Ancient Order of the Rosicrucians in the Crotona Fellowship. Members of that group read the books about witches by Margaret Murray and Charles Leland, which gave them the idea to create a witch coven.

Some time after Gerald Gardner joined the Rosicrucian Order Crotona Fellowship in Christchurch, he was drawn to the group of low-ranking Rosicrucians. They initiated him into the New Forest Coven in September 1939, shortly after Gardner had lost all faith in the Rosicrucian order's leadership on September 3rd.

There are many different traditions of Wicca, yet many are common beliefs that are shared by all Wiccans, such as the afterlife, magic, and morality.

Most Wiccans believe in a horned male god, Pan, and a moon goddess, Hecate. The only wiccans who do not believe in both the goddess and the god are those who belong to the unorthodox sect called Dianic Wicca. They believe in the existence of only the goddess. Some wiccans believe that the god and the goddess are equal. However, some other wiccans believe that the goddess is more important than the god.

The main Wiccan moral teaching is called the "Wiccan Rede". The word rede means ""advice"" or ""council"" in Old German. ""An ye harm none, do what ye will"" is the very basic Wiccan Rede, which means, ""Do what you want to do, but do not harm anything in the process"." This is most likely based from Crowley's "Do what though wilt, shall be the whole of the law". This means that you must think about how your actions will affect other beings and yourself.

There is a rule in Wiccan (branched from Pagan belief) that is called "the rule of threefold return" or "the threefold rule" or "the rule of three", or called equivalent names that use the word "law" instead of "rule". The rule of threefold return is a belief that what you do for good or bad will return to you 3 times the original intent. Therefore, you should only send out or work with good intentions to avoid three-times the bad return as Karma. The rule of threefold return is revealed to second-degree initiates (though they are usually already familiar with it) during the second-degree initiation ritual, in which the initiator scourges the initiate, and then the initiate returns three times the number of scourgings to the initiator. That second-degree initiation ritual, along with the threefold rule within it, were made public by Gerald Gardner's 1949 book "High Magic's Aid", in chapter 17.

In 1986, a wiccan named Raymond Buckland, through his popular wiccan book "Buckland's Complete Book of Witchcraft", created a new definition for the rule of threefold return. In Buckland's definition, the rule of threefold return is not a rule of conduct, but a law of karma, which states that every beneficial action or harmful action that a person does returns to them three times as powerful. Buckland's definition of the threefold rule became more well-known than the original definition of the threefold rule.

Many Wiccans have special places at home where they perform rituals, magic, and worship. These places are called "altars". Originally, there was only one altar that was used by the coven, when the coven was gathered. But as solitary wiccan practice became more popular, wiccans started to use personal altars.

Wiccans put holy and special objects on their altars, such as the following items:

Some Wiccans put other objects on their altars, such as statues of gods or goddesses, a bell, candles, incense, and/or a besom (an old-fashioned broom that is made of all-natural materials). A besom is often used to "sweep" away negative energy or spirits.

Those objects that are common on solitary altars are derived from the various objects that are used in the wiccan group rituals. Those ritual objects include a sword (also called a 'magic sword'), a black-handled knife (called an athame), a bowl containing water, a bowl containing salt, an asperger (an object that sprinkles water), candles, a bell, a white-handled knife (which is now usually called a 'bolline', due to being confused with a different object), a wand, a cup (also called a chalice), a pentacle, a censer (a container that burns incense), a scourge (a short whip with several whipping cords), and binding cords. Gerald Gardner, a founder of modern Wicca, started the practice of calling such objects by the misnomer 'tools' or 'working tools', because he was imitating Freemasonry, which used actual tools, such as a trowel.

Wiccans have two types of holidays, called "sabbats" and "full moon esbats". There are eight sabbat holidays throughout the year. As the name suggests, full moon esbats take place during a full moon, so there are twelve or thirteen of them per year. Many post-Gardnerian wiccans use the neo-druidic term 'wheel of the year' to refer to the cycle of eight sabbats.

The eight sabbats are as follows:

In Wicca, a private book containing spells, rituals, potions, and occult knowledge, called a "Book of Shadows", is kept. In some types of Wicca, such as Gardnerian Wicca, the contents of the book are kept secret from anyone but other members of the group, or coven. However, some versions of the book have been published. Some parts of these published versions, such as the "Wiccan Rede" and the "Charge of the Goddess" have been used by non-Wiccans or Wiccans. Many eclectics create their own personal books, and keep them to themselves.

Wicca music or Wicca rock is music influenced by the Wicca religion and its beliefs relating to nature and conservation.

An early band called Themis toured Canada and the USA singing and talking about Wicca. The Themis body of works promotes things that are Wiccan, such as the divinity of nature; the Lord and Lady (dual deity aspect of Wicca) and an ethical credo (moral code) that resembles Wiccan philosophies.

Another Canadian band, a group of vocalists from Vancouver Canada, the Chalice and Blade perform original pieces based on the beliefs of Wicca and "sing songs which show (their) reverence for the earth and the balance of the God and Goddess" -Chalice and Blade 

According to The Religion Newswriters Foundation "Wicca is moving into the mainstream" smashing stereotypes as their movement matures. Throughout America, Wiccans are organizing congregations and youth groups, training clergy, pursuing charity work, sharing parenting tips and fighting for civil rights


Indochinese tiger

The Indochinese tiger ("Panthera tigris corbetti") is one of the six living tiger subspecies, and is found in Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and southwestern China. The Indochinese tiger is also known as the "Corbett's tiger", named after Jim Corbett. It has been listed as Endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. In Myanmar it is the National animal of the country.

Males are around 8–9 ft (2.4-2.7 meters) long, and weigh around 330 to 430 pounds. Females are around 7–8 ft (2.1-2.4 meters) long, and weigh around 221 to 287 pounds. Indochinese tigers are darker in colour than the Bengal tiger, and have narrow stripes which usually break up into a row of spots. Their belly, chin and cheeks are white in colour.

The Indochinese tiger is found throughout Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Burma and Vietnam. It also lived in China, but no Indochinese tiger has been seen in China since 2007.
It is found mostly in lowland and highland tropical deciduous, semi-evergreen and evergreen forests. The Indochinese tiger is also found in hilly and mountainous areas. 

Indochinese tigers feed mainly on medium-sized and large-sized wild ungulates. Sambar deer, wild pig, serow, and large bovids such as banteng and young gaur make up most of the Indochinese tiger's diet. Some of its prey, like the kouprey and Schomburgk's deer, are extinct, but some, like the Eld's deer, hog deer and wild water buffalo, are still living but rare. Indochinese tigers also feed on muntjac deer, porcupines, macaques and hog badgers. 
They have been known to supplement their diet with birds, fish, monkeys and reptiles.

Female Indochinese tigers are pregnant for around 3–4 months, before giving birth to about 5 cubs. Newborn Indochinese tigers weigh around 1 kg (2 lb), and are blind and helpless. The mother feeds them milk for about 2 months and then the Indochinese tiger cubs are introduced to meat. Indochinese tiger cubs depend on their mother for the first 18 months and then they start hunting on their own.

Office

An office is generally a room or other area where administrative work is done. It may also be a position within an organization with specific duties attached to it. For example, the office of treasurer. An office is a design phenomenon. It can be a small office such as a bench in the corner of a very small business. It can also be anything up to and including large buildings full of offices. In modern use an office usually means the location where white-collar workers are employed.

There are mainly two types of office. They are large office and small office. A small office is small because the amount of work to be done is small. A large office is large because amount of work to be done is large.

Men have done administrative work for many centuries. But it is not clear when the room where paperwork was created began to be thought of an office. In the earliest European history it may have been a room in a palace where some kind of accounting was done for the king. Earlier forms of keeping records were known but were not confined to a room or rooms. For example, in ancient China string was knotted to keep count of things as a record. But the record-keeper's "office" was not a room but wherever he needed to be to count something.

In the early Middle Ages many monasteries had a scriptorium. This was a place where texts of all kinds were written and copied. All of the work was done by hand. This may actually be one of the first uses of a room as an office.
The High Middle Ages (1000–1300) saw the rise of the medieval chancery. This was usually the place where most government letters were written and where laws were copied in the administration of a kingdom. 

With the growth of large, complex organizations in the 18th century, the first actual office spaces were constructed. As the Industrial Revolution grew in the 18th and 19th centuries, the industries of banking, rail, insurance, retail, petroleum, and telegraphy grew dramatically. A large number of clerks were needed. As a result, more office space was needed for these activities. The time and motion study, pioneered in manufacturing by F. W. Taylor led to the “Modern Efficiency Desk” with a flat top and drawers below. This was designed to allow managers an easy view of the workers. However, by the middle of the 20th century, it became apparent that offices various degrees of privacy. Gradually the cubicle system evolved.

The main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job. Work spaces in an office are typically used for conventional office activities such as reading, writing and computer work. There are also meeting rooms, lounges, and spaces for support activities, such as photocopying and filing. Some offices also have a kitchen area where workers can make their lunches. There are many different ways of arranging the space in an office and whilst these vary according to function, managerial fashions and the culture of specific companies can be even more important.
While offices can be built in almost any location and in almost any building, some modern requirements for offices make this more difficult, such as requirements for light, networking, and security. The primary purpose of an office building is to provide a workplace and working environment primarily for administrative and managerial workers. These workers usually occupy set areas within the office building, and usually are provided with desks, PCs and other equipment they may need within these areas.

Phenomenon

A phenomenon (Greek: ", pl. ") is an observable event or, quite literally, something that can be seen.

It comes from the noun ("phainomenon, df. appearance") and is also related to the verb ("phainein, df. to show"). Its plural is phenomena. Its antonym is "lathomenon", meaning "something lying beneath the surface". 

Phenomenon can also mean a "surprising development" or "unusually successful person".

In science, "phenomenon" stands for any event which we can sense or detect or record. In science, the word "observe" means more than just "visible to the naked eye". It means "sensible", available to our senses. The senses we are born with are extended by a whole range of instruments which record things we cannot see, and make them visible to us.

So, while some events are easy to observe, others need technology to make observation possible. 

Konstantin Chernenko

Konstantin Ustinovich Chernenko (Russian language: Константи́н Усти́нович Черне́нко September 24, 1911 – March 10, 1985) was a Soviet Politician who briefly ruled The Soviet Union. Born to a poor family from Siberia, Chernenko joined the Communist Party in 1931. He was later elected to become a full member of the Politburo in 1978. Following the death of Leonid Brezhnev and his successor Yuri Andropov, Chernenko was elected General Secretary in February 1984. During his brief time in office, Chernenko continued Andropov's reforms. However, his term was cut short due to health problems and he died on March 10, 1985 after leading the country for only 13 months. 

Konstantin Chernenko was born to a poor peasant family on September 24, 1911, in Bolshaya Tes, Russia. He became a member of the Communist Party in 1931 and worked in various party and government positions, eventually rising through the ranks.

Chernenko married twice, Faina Vassilyevna Chernenko and Anna Dmitrevna Lyubimova. Together, they had 4 children, a son named Albert and had two daughters, Yelena and Vera, and a son, Vladimir.

He started as a Komsomol activist, later joining the Communist Party. Chernenko held various party positions, showcasing his loyalty to the Soviet regime. His proximity to power increased under Brezhnev, eventually becoming a full member of the Politburo in 1978. After Brezhnev's death in 1982, Chernenko briefly severed as Second Secretary during the brief rule of Yuri Andropov until Andropov's death in February 1984.

Chernenko served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1984 until his death in 1985. Chernenko pursued a conservative foreign policy, maintaining a firm stance against the West. Domestically, he faced health issues, hindering significant reforms, and his brief tenure limited major policy shifts. Chernenko's tenure is often associated with the later years of the Cold War and the Soviet Union's internal challenges.
Chernenko faced various health issues during his brief time in office from 1984 to 1985. He suffered from emphysema and other respiratory problems, likely exacerbated by his heavy smoking. These health issues ultimately contributed to his death in March 1985.

Chernenko's legacy is often overshadowed by his predecessors and the subsequent changes in Soviet leadership. Chernenko's time in office was marked by health issues, and he passed away after just 13 months. His legacy is tied to the later years of the Cold War, but his impact on Soviet history is limited compared to other leaders.

Shetland Sheepdog

A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands. Many people call them ""Shelties"". They are popular pets in many countries. Shelties have the same origins with Rough Collie and Border Collie. Shelties are a working dog and are sometimes used for herding.

A Sheltie can have a mix of several colors in its coat. Most shelties are sable and white (brown and white) or tri-color (black, white and tan). Their fur is long and they shed twice a year. Shelties range in size from 13 to 16 inches. They usually weigh about 25-30 pounds.

Shelties are very energetic dogs that run and bark a lot. They are great with children. 
It was said that Shelties were sheep dogs so they try to please their master and have a strong sense of responsibility. They do not need very much discipline. Shelties rank in the top ten smartest dogs. They learn new things very quickly and remember them well. Shelties make great family pets as long as you do not mind a dog that barks.

Belief

A belief is a firm thought that something is true, often based on revelation. Belief is usually a part of belonging to a religion. It is different to scientific knowledge that can be tested, but belief is not able to be tested. For example, a person may believe in God or gods.
The word is also used to describe what a person expects will happen based on limited information. For example, "I believe Amy will come around today". Belief is also something you believe in but you cannot prove exactly. 


German Shepherd

The German Shepherd (), also known as the Alsatian, is a breed of medium-large size dog. It was first developed in Germany. They are often used as police dogs, but they have many other uses. They have been variously used as herding dogs, guard dogs, military dogs, eyes for the blind and as pets. Because of their intelligence, speed, drive, eagerness and balance, they are now called 'multi-terrain' dogs as well as 'most complete dog breed' for their versatility, adaptability and suitability.

An important modern use is in search and rescue. In former times the American Rescue Dog Association only used air-scenting Alsatians to locate people who are missing or lost. They search in wilderness, disaster, human body remains and water search and rescue and recovery missions. The breed is smart, athletic and can live in a wide variety of climate conditions. 

Male German Shepherds usually weigh around . Females usually weigh around .

The term Alsatian wolf dog, instead of German Shepherd dog, was first popularly used by the British in the First World War. This was because the country was at war with the German Empire. Adolf Hitler, a German dictator, was also known to have German Shepherds as companions.

The German Shepherd Dog breed, as it is currently known, was developed by the founder and the first president of the Association for the German Shepherd Dog breed Max Emil Friedrich von Stephanitz at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th centuries.

Disabled people carry guide dogs with them in wagons of all types. There is no charge for the transportation of guide dogs and transportation documents are not issued.

Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back

Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a science fiction movie and the second film in the "Star Wars saga". The movie was released in 1980. It includes action, romance and drama.


The Rebels hide from the Empire on the icy planet Hoth. The Empire finds the Rebels and they have to leave the planet after a battle.
Luke Skywalker finds Yoda, a 900-year-old Jedi Master and begins the training to become a Jedi. Han Solo, Chewbacca, Princess Leia and C-3P0 are caught by the Empire and Solo is frozen in carbonite. In his Jedi training, Luke gets a vision that his friends are in danger and tries to help them. He has to confront Darth Vader, and the two of them fight. When Luke fights Vader, he cuts off Luke's hand and Luke also learns that Vader is his father. His hand is replaced with a prosthetic one, including nerves, muscles, and some other tings.


Church of the SubGenius

The Church of the SubGenius is a religion founded by Ivan Stang and Philo Drummond. Originally based in Dallas, Texas, it is now based in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. In 2009, Stang said that The Church of the Subgenius has 40,000 followers, but the real number of followers is not known.

The church's beliefs are said to be very complex. The church teaches that it was founded by a salesman named J. R. "Bob" Dobbs. In 1953 "Bob" was fixing his TV which he made, and the Space God JHVH-1 gave him knowledge of the past and future, and the idea of "Slack". The church teaches that there is a conspiracy to make humans work, so that they can't have "Slack". It says that its members are descended from Yetis. It also said that aliens would come to earth on 5 July 1998.


Terry Bradshaw

Terry Bradshaw is an American sports presenter and former athlete He was born September 2, 1948 in Shreveport, Louisiana. 

Bradshaw was a quarterback with the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League. Since 1994, he is also a television and American football host. 

Over six years, he won four Super Bowl titles with Pittsburgh (1975, 1976, 1979 and 1980). He went into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1989.

He is related to Cory J.Bylsma
Squid

Squid are cephalopods of the order Teuthida. They are the sister group to the octopods. Squid are carnivores, but they are also hunted as prey. The largest squid, the giant squid and colossal squid, are eaten by sperm whales and sleeper sharks. 

There are about 300 species of squid.

Squid, like cuttlefish, have eight arms arranged in pairs, and two longer tentacles with suckers.

All squid have a mouth with a radula, and jet propulsion with the siphon from the mantle. The radulla is a scraping organ in the mouth that scrapes nutrients from food sources. 

Tentacles are used for locomotive power and capturing food sources. All squids are carnivores; they eat other animals, not plants. 

Like other cephalopoda, squid are intelligent animals. Squids have a head-like structure, with sense organs and brains in the front end. Although the squids lack exterior shells they have a vestigial shell inside, made of chitin.

The skin is covered in chromatophores, which enable the squid to change colour to suit its surroundings, making it effectively camouflaged. Controlled by the nervous system, the camouflage can change in 'real time'. 

Squids mainly rely on moving via jet propulsion, though deep sea squids may use their fins instead to save energy. A squid sucks in water through its mantle, than pushing it out through its siphon. Squids also have their gills inside the mantle to collect oxygen while moving.

After a male and female mate, the female squid lays eggs. The eggs are laid inside an egg case. Since the squid is usually a part of a shoal, it is laid with many other egg cases from many other squids, and then anchored to the sea floor. Because of this, squid eggs are often (many times) found in clumps, and those clumps often look like a flower.

Often, the male will die a short time after mating, and the female will die once she has released her eggs. Because of this, squids usually lay eggs only once. Squids do not live very long. Although there are some long-lived species, most squids live for only one or two years.

Most squid are no more than long, although the giant squid may reach .

In 1978, sharp, curved claws on the suction cups of squid tentacles cut up the rubber coating on the hull of the USS "Stein". The size suggested the largest squid known at the time.

In February 2007, a New Zealand fishing vessel caught a colossal squid weighing and measuring around off the coast of Antarctica. This specimen is the largest invertebrate ever found. Squid have the largest eyes in the animal kingdom.

Giant squid are featured in literature and folklore with a frightening connotation. The Kraken is a legendary tentacled monster possibly based on sightings of real giant squid.

Giant squid

The giant squid ("Architeuthis dux") is a genus of deep-ocean dwelling squid. Giant squid can grow to a tremendous size: recent estimates put the maximum size at 12 metres (39 ft) or 13 metres (43 ft) for females and 10 metres (33 ft) for males from caudal fin to the tip of the two long tentacles.

There is a larger squid, known as the Colossal Squid.

Until 2005, nobody had ever seen a giant squid that was alive. Only dead giant squids had been found. On 30 September 2004, researchers from Japan took the first images of a live giant squid in its natural habitat. Several of the 556 photographs were released a year later. The same team successfully filmed a live adult giant squid for the first time on December 4, 2006.

There is no agreement as to how many species there are. The Kraken is also believed to be a giant squid,

For many years, people would hear stories from fishermen about giant squids at sea. According to the stories, an enormous squid would wrap its arms around a whale, causing a terrible fight to start. Whalers said that sometimes, when they caught a whale, it would have scars as big as dinner plates on its body. Other times, when they cut open the stomach of some of their whales, they would find squid arms as long as 30 ft with suckers up to four inches wide. The whalers who told these stories either chopped up the squid parts to eat or use as bait, or they threw them back out to sea before scientists were ever able to examine them. However, in 1861, a French ship was able to bring back parts of a giant squid so scientists could study them.

Then, in the late 18th century, several giant squids washed up on shore, proving that giant squids really exist. After that, many giant squids were found washed ashore or dead at sea. Scientists grew very interested in these mysterious creatures, but few ever saw them alive. Scientists think they spend most of their time in deep, cold ocean.

In December 2005, the Melbourne Aquarium in Australia got the intact body of a giant squid, preserved in a giant block of ice. It had been caught by fishermen off the coast of New Zealand's South Island that year.

The number of known giant squid specimens was close to 600 in 2004, and new ones are reported each year.

Googol

Googol is the number 10, or 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. It is also known as ten-duotrigintillion or ten thousand sexdecillion.

A 9-year-old Milton Sirotta, nephew of U.S. mathematician Edward Kasner, first used the word googol. Sirotta made this word in 1937, for the number represented by the numeral 1 followed by 100 zeros.He may have been inspired by the comic strip character Barney Google.

The company Google was named after the number "googol." Its creators originally called it BackRub because it used backlinks to tell how important each page was. Someone suggested "googolplex." They shortened it to "googol" and then spelled the word wrong when looking for a domain name that was not taken yet.


National Football League

The National Football League (NFL) is an American football league. There are 32 teams in the league. The league is one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada. The players are among the highest-paid athletes in the world. A league is a competition between a number of teams. The teams play other teams, and the results are used to list the teams in order of who is The team at the top of the list (called a league table) is the best team and the team at the bottom is the worst team.

It is now the most popular professional league in the United States by number of television viewers. The NFL also has the highest per-game attendance of any professional league in the world; in the most recently completed 2014 season, the average crowd at an NFL game was more than 67,000. Its championship game, the Super Bowl, is an unofficial national holiday in the U.S., and is seen by more people than any other American television program.

In terms of number of players and people involved, the NFL is the largest professional sports league in the world. It is widely considered the top level of competition in the world for American football.

In 1920, an American football league was formed. It was called the American Professional Football Association. In 1921 it changed its name to the National Football League. In 1960 another league was formed, called the American Football League. In 1970 the National Football League and the American Football League joined so that the teams from each league could play each other. The league called the National Football League changed its name to the National Football Conference (usually called the NFC) and the league called the American Football League changed its name to the American Football Conference (usually called the AFC). The two conferences together are now called the National Football League. People can also call it by the acronym NFL for short.

Because the U.S. is a big country and it would be hard for teams to travel a long way to play other teams, the teams are separated into smaller regional divisions based on where they are in the country. The teams are separated like this:

The teams in the NFL play games against each other from September to January. This time is called a season. Each team plays 17 games, most recently increased from 16 starting with the 2021 season. This is how which games a team will play are chosen:

Since the 2006 season, the NFL has used a "flexible scheduling" system for the last seven weeks of the regular season where there is a Sunday night game. The system is designed so that the league has the flexibility in selecting games to air on Sunday night that will feature the current hottest, streaking teams.

Under the system, all Sunday games in the affected weeks will tentatively have the "early" start time of 1 p.m. ET/10 a.m. PT, except those played in the Pacific or Mountain time zones, which will have the tentative start time of 4 p.m. ET/1 p.m. PT. On the Tuesday 12 days before the games, the league will move one game to the prime-time slot, and possibly move one or more 1 p.m. slotted games to the 4 p.m. slot. During the last week of the season, the league could reschedule games as late as six days before the contests so that as many of the television networks as possible will be able to broadcast a game that has playoff implications.

At the end of every NFL season, the eight teams that finish the season at the top of their divisions and three teams from each conference that were the best teams apart from the eight division winners (these six teams are called Wild Cards) enter a competition to see who is the best team in the whole league. This is called the Playoffs. There are a total of 14 teams in the Playoffs, seven from both the AFC and NFC. The seven teams in each conference are listed in order of how well they played in the season. This is called seeding and it is done to make it easier for the better teams to win. The teams that did not win their leagues (the Wild Cards) are always the bottom three seeds in the list, even if one or more had a better record than a team that won its division.

The first round of the playoffs, known as Wild Card Weekend, features six games. The matchups by seed are the same in both conferences.

The winners of each game advance to the next round; the losers' seasons end. This leaves 8 teams.

The second round, called the Divisional Playoffs, has four games. Again, the matchups by seed are the same in both conferences.

As in the previous round, only the winners advance to the next round.

The third round, the Conference Championship Games, involves two games.

The last part of the playoffs is called the Super Bowl. The AFC Champion and the NFC Champion teams play each other to decide who is the best team in the NFL. The team that win the Super Bowl claims the Lombardi trophy.


Super Bowl

The Super Bowl is a special American football game played every year to decide the winner of that National Football League (NFL) season. The best team from the National Football Conference plays the best team from the American Football Conference to win the Vince Lombardi Trophy, which was named after the first coach to win a Super Bowl. For most American football fans, it is a very special event.

Some people who do not like American football still watch it for the television advertisements and the half-time show. The TV advertisements during Super Bowl are the most expensive in the world in per second value. Because of the high cost of advertising, companies usually produce unique advertisements. As a result, watching advertisements has been a well publicized event in itself.

The Pittsburgh Steelers and New England Patriots are the teams with the most Super Bowl Wins with six victories each. The San Francisco 49ers and Dallas Cowboys currently are tied for the second-most Super Bowl wins with five. The Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Houston Texans, and the Jacksonville Jaguars have never played in a Super Bowl. The New York Jets have not played in the Super Bowl since the American Football League (AFL) and the NFL joined together in 1970.

Notes

We Will Rock You

"We Will Rock You" is a song by the band Queen. It is one of their most famous songs. It is used at a lot of sports events. The main song has the band stamping their feet twice, and clapping once. At the end, a short guitar part is played.

Musicians:

Lagos

Lagos is the second largest city in Africa and the most populous city in Nigeria and in West Africa. There are about 12.5 million to 18 million people living in Lagos, which makes it one of the biggest cities in Africa. Lagos is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean. The city is made of several local government areas. Some of these areas are Somolu Koshofe, Ifelodun, Surulere, Agege, Ikeja, Ikorodu, Ajegunle, Oshodi, and Maryland.

Each Local government area has a presence of the central government with the establishment of general hospital, judiciary and police stations.

Lagos was the capital of Nigeria until 1992, when the capital became Abuja. Lagos is still the commercial capital of Nigeria and a gateway to West Africa. Lagos is made up of different islands like Victoria island, Banana island, Snake island, and the mainland.

Infinitive

The infinitive is a verb form. It has no person, number, mood, or tense.

In English, there are two main forms of the infinitive:


After a modal verb you must use an infinitive. For example, "I must go", "he must go" ("he must goes" is not correct)

To express time relationships, here are 8 types of infinitives:



Cartridge

Cartridge can mean:

Real number

A real number is a rational or irrational number, and is a number which can be expressed using decimal expansion. When people say "number", they usually mean "real number". The official symbol for real numbers is a bold R, or a blackboard bold formula_1.

Some real numbers are called positive. A positive number is "bigger than zero". Real numbers can be thought of as an infinitely long ruler. There is a mark for zero and every other number, in order of size. Unlike a physical ruler, there are numbers below zero. These are called negative real numbers. Negative numbers are "smaller than zero". They are like a mirror image of the positive numbers, except that they are given minus signs (–) so that they are labeled differently from the positive numbers.

There are infinitely many real numbers, because there is no smallest or biggest real number. No matter how many real numbers are counted, there are always more which need to be counted. There are no empty spaces between real numbers, which means that if two different real numbers are taken, there will always be a third real number between them. This is always true no matter how close together the first two numbers are.

If a positive number is added to another positive number, then that number gets bigger. If zero, which is also a real number, is added to a number, then that number does not change. If a negative number is added to another number, that number gets smaller.

The real numbers are uncountable, which means that there is no way to put all the real numbers into a sequence. Any sequence of real numbers will miss out a real number, even if the sequence is infinite. This makes the real numbers special, because even though there are infinitely many real numbers and infinitely many integers, there are "more" real numbers than integers. This is often expressed by saying that the integers are "countable" and that the real numbers are "uncountable".

Some simpler number systems are inside the real numbers. For example, the rational numbers and integers are all in the real numbers. There are also more complicated number systems than the real numbers, such as the complex numbers. Every real number is a complex number, but not every complex number is a real number. Similarly, 3/7 is a rational number but not an integer.

There are different types of real numbers. Sometimes all the real numbers are not talked about at once. Sometimes only special, smaller sets of them are talked about. These sets have special names. They are:
The number 0 ("zero") is special. Sometimes it is taken as part of the subset to be considered, and at other times it is not. It is the Identity element for addition, which means that adding zero does not change the original number. For multiplication, the identity element is 1.
One real number that is not rational is the square root of 2. This number is irrational. If a square is drawn with sides that are one unit long, then the length of the line between its opposite corners will be the square root of 2.


Elvis Stojko

Elvis Stojko (born March 22, 1972 in Newmarket, Ontario ) is a Canadian figure skater. He was world champion three times, and Canadian champion seven times.

Stojko was named after Elvis Presley, and sometimes skates to Presley's music. He grew up in Richmond Hill, Ontario. He started skating when he was four years old. He also became a black belt in karate (which has influenced some of his skating). Stojko was the first person to do a quadruple-triple jump combination. He became known for his athletic ability.

Today he is a professional skater, and also competes in karate.



Album

An album is a collection of sound recordings. It is usually made by a musician, and is sold in stores. Albums were originally a collection of gramophone records, each having one or two songs. Today an album is usually in the form of a compact disc, although many artists also release their albums on vinyl records.
LP or Album in digital format in the 21st century it is increasingly normal to release music.

There are two main types of albums, studio albums and live albums. Studio albums are recorded at a recording studio. Live albums are normally recorded while the musicians are performing for an audience. Live albums are usually recorded at concerts. 

Other types of albums include:

Albums are normally separated into "Tracks". Each track is a part of the album which has one song in it. The term is often used to mean a specific song on the album by number. For example, the "fourth track" or "track four" from an album is the fourth song on the album when it is played from the beginning.


List of Nobel Prize winners in Chemistry

The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It awards people who have made progress in the scientific area of chemistry, those who have worked hard to learn more and have succeeded.

The Prize is given every year. It is just one of many Nobel Prizes. A famous winner of this prize was Marie Curie. She won the prize in 1911 after she discovered radium with her husband Pierre. She was the first person to win the prize twice; the first time was for physics in 1903.














Baker Island

Baker Island is a small coral island, or atoll, in the North Pacific Ocean. It is just above the equator. It belongs to the United States. The United States Department of the Interior is in charge of the island. It is called the "Baker Island National Wildlife Refuge". 

The island has no trees. The island is surrounded by a coral reef. This makes the atoll hard to approach in a boat.



Hermaphrodite

Hermaphrodite is a term which comes from Hermaphroditus, the son of Hermes and Aphrodite. It is used as a scientific term in biology.

In zoology, an animal which can produce both sperm and ova is a hermaphrodite. As an example, most earthworms are hermaphrodites. A simultaneous hermaphrodite has both sets of sex organs throughout life. A sequential hermaphrodite has ovaries at first, replaced by a testis later, or the other way round.

In botany, hermaphrodite is used for 'complete' flowers with both male and female parts, and for plants which have bisexual reproductive units. See flowering plant sexuality for details.

With people, the term hermaphrodite is not correct, because true functioning hermaphrodites are not possible in humans. What sometimes happens is errors in development which lead to intersex persons. A definition of intersex is:

People who are intersex may have a very small penis and no testicles, or a very small and short vagina and a large clitoris that looks like a penis. The term "hermaphrodite" is considered offensive and outdated by many intersex people.

Epididymis

The epididymis is the part of the human male reproductive system. It is the tube that holds the testicles in place. It stretches from the back of each testicle to the van deferens.

The dinges is made up of three parts:

Sperm made in the testis go into the head ("caput") of the epididymis, go through the body ("corpus") and stop at the tail ("cauda"), where they are stored. When sperm are first made and travel to the head, they are not yet ready to be ejaculated. They cannot swim or fertilize an egg. By the time they reach the tail, the sperm can fertilize an egg. The sperm are transferred to the Seminal visicle through the vas deferens. The sperm can not swim yet, so muscle contractions push the sperm to the seminal vesicle where final development is finished. . 

When the sperm are ejaculated, they move through the tail of the epididymis. There are so many sperm that they cannot swim, but use peristalsis from muscles in the vas deferens.

An injury or infection of the epididymis causes epididymitis, a painful condition that can take months to heal. Sometimes the testicle has to be removed. There does not seem to be any single cause, or treatment for this condition. Some doctors treat it with antibiotics, some take a "wait and see" attitude. At times just one testicle is affected and at others, both.

Sometimes males get their epididymis removed either as a form of birth control or for other reasons (such as for post-vasectomy pain syndrome) in a surgery known as an epididymectomy.

1810s

The 1810s was the decade that began on January 1, 1810 and ended on December 31, 1819.





Mammary gland

Mammary glands are the part of the female body designed for the making milk for baby mammals to drink. In humans they are in the breasts. In cows and goats they are called udders.

Kurt Browning

Kurt Browning (born June 18, 1966 in Rocky Mountain House, Alberta) is a Canadian figure skater. He won four world championships and four Canadian championships.

Browning did the first ever quadruple jump (four turns) in competition. He is well known for his footwork. As a professional, he has skated for Stars on Ice and Tom Collins Tour of Champions, won several professional championships, and did some T.V. skating specials. He has also talked during skating events on T.V. He has helped the charity Muscular Dystrophy.

Browning was raised in Caroline, Alberta. He married a dancer with the National Ballet of Canada, Sonia Rodriguez, in 1996. They have a son Gabriel, born in 2003.


Airbus

Airbus (, , , ) is a company which makes aircraft. It is owned by EADS, a European aerospace company. Airbus has its headquarters in Blagnac, France.
Airbus Office in Toulouse 1, Rond Point Maurice Bellonte 31707 Blagnac Cedex France"

Airbus began as a consortium (a group) of aircraft makers called Airbus Industrie. Later, in 2001, it became a joint-stock company. It was owned by EADS (80%) and BAE Systems (20%). BAE sold its part of the company to EADS on 13 October 2006, so EADS now completely owns the company.

Around 55,000 people work for Airbus in sixteen places in four European countries: France, Germany, the United Kingdom and Spain. The final part of Airbus aircraft making is done in Toulouse, France; Hamburg, Germany; Seville, Spain; and, since 2009, Tianjin, China.

Airbus makes and sells the first digital fly-by-wire airliner, the Airbus A320. Airbus also makes the biggest airliner in the world, the Airbus A380.

In 2015 Airbus launched an accelerator program to infuse startup and intrapreneurial innovations called Airbus BizLab.

"Airbus Industrie" started as a consortium (group) of European aircraft makers. The companies came together to compete with American companies like Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed.

Even though a lot of European planes had a lot of new features, even the most successful planes were not made for long. In 1991, Jean Pierson, who was then the CEO and managing director of Airbus Industrie, gave some reasons why American plane makers were bigger: because the United States is so big, people preferred to fly; a 1942 agreement between the United Kingdom and the United States meant that the United States would make transport planes; and World War II had given the United States "a profitable, vigorous, powerful and structured aeronautical industry."

In the 1960s, some plane makers were thinking about coming together. Some aircraft companies had already thought that this would need to happen. In 1959, Hawker Siddeley thought about making an "Airbus" version of the Armstrong Whitworth AW.660 Argosy. This version would "be able to lift as many as 126 passengers on ultra short routes at a direct operating cost of 2d. per seat mile." However, European aircraft makers knew that making this plane would be dangerous. They knew that they would have to work together to make a plane like this. At the 1965 Paris Air Show, big European airlines began to think about the specifications for the "airbus". In that same year, Hawker Siddeley joined with Breguet and Nord to design the airbus. By 1966, Sud Aviation (became Aérospatiale) (France), Arbeitsgemeinschaft Airbus (became Deutsche Airbus) (Germany) and Hawker Siddeley (UK) were all working together. The partners asked for money from the French, German and British governments in October 1966. On 25 July 1967, the three governments gave the money and decided to continue with the airbus.

In the two years after this, both the British and French governments thought the project would fail. 75 orders were needed before 31 July 1968. The French government thought about leaving the partnership, because it was worried about the costs of the Airbus A300, Concorde and the Dassault Mercure. The French government was persuaded to stay. The British government left the partnership on 10 April 1969. Hawker Siddeley was helping until the British government left, and France and Germany did not want to design the airbus' wing (which Hawker Siddeley was doing). Hawker Siddeley was allowed to keep helping, but it did not have any help from the British government.

Airbus Industrie was officially started as a "Groupement d'Interet Économique" (Economic Interest Group or GIE) on 18 December 1970. The name "Airbus" was taken from a word used by airlines in the 1960s. It meant an aircraft with a certain size and range. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus each owned 36.5% of the company, Hawker Siddeley owned 20% and Fokker-VFW owned 7%. Each company made its own parts of the plane, and they were completely ready when they were delivered. In October 1971, the Spanish company CASA took 4.2% of Airbus Industrie. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus lowered their share to 47.9%. In January 1979, British Aerospace, which had taken over Hawker Siddeley in 1977, took 20% of Airbus Industrie. Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus lowered their share even more, to 37.9%. CASA kept its 4.2%.

The Airbus A300 was to be the first aircraft which was designed, made and sold by Airbus Industrie. By 1967, the "A300" label was given an airliner which Airbus Industrie was thinking about making, with 320 seats and two engines. Roger Béteille was made the technical director of the A300 design. Béteille decided which companies would make which parts of the plane: France would make the cockpit, flight controls and part of the fuselage; Hawker Siddeley made the wings; Germany made part of the fuselage; the Dutch made the flaps and spoilers; and Spain made the horizontal tailplane. On 26 September 1967 the German, French and British governments signed an agreement in London, which allowed Airbus Industrie to continue designing the plane. Rolls-Royce made the engines.

Airlines did not really want a 300+ seat Airbus A300, so Airbus Industrie made the A250 proposal. This later became the A300B, which had 250 seats and did not need a new engine design. This made the plane much cheaper to design, as the Rolls-Royce RB207 which would have been used in the A300 made up a lot of the costs. The RB207 had also had design problems and delays, since Rolls-Royce was concentrating on designing a different jet engine, the RB211, for the Lockheed L-1011 The A300B was smaller but lighter than its American rivals.

In 1972, the A300 made its first flight. The first type of A300, the A300B2, began being used by airlines in 1974. However, not much attention was paid to the A300 because of the launch of Concorde. At first, the A300 was not very successful. However, airlines began to order more and more. Part of this was because of the Airbus Industrie CEO Bernard Lathière, who tried to sell the plane to airlines in America and Asia. By 1979, Airbus Industrie had 256 orders for the A300. Airbus Industrie had also designed a more advanced aircraft, the Airbus A310, the year before. It was the A320 in 1981 which made Airbus Industrie a very big aircraft maker. More than 400 orders were made for the A320 before it even flew. Only 15 were made for the A300 before it first flew.

Since Airbus Industrie's planes were made by different companies, Airbus Industrie really only sold and advertised the planes. It became obvious that Airbus was no longer a temporary group made just to make one plane. It had become a big company which could make more planes. By the late 1980s, Airbus Industrie was working on two medium-sized planes: the Airbus A330 and the Airbus A340.
In the early 1990s, the Airbus CEO Jean Pierson said that the partnership should be closed, and Airbus Industrie should become its own company. However, the difficulties of integrating and valuing the assets of four companies, as well as legal issues, delayed the initiative. In December 1998, when British Aerospace and DASA were close to merging with each other, Aérospatiale stopped the negotiations. The French company thought that if BAe and DASA merged, that company would own 57.9% of Airbus. Aérospatiale insisted that each company own half of Airbus each. However, the problem was fixed in January 1999, when BAe merged with Marconi Electronic Systems instead. This company became BAE Systems. Then in 2000, three of the companies which made Airbus Industrie (DaimlerChrysler Aerospace, the new Deutsche Airbus; Aérospatiale-Matra, the new Sud-Aviation; and CASA) merged. This merger made EADS. EADS now owned Airbus France, Airbus Deutschland and Airbus España, which was 80% of Airbus Industrie. BAE Systems and EADS created the new company, Airbus . Both companies owned part of Airbus.

Throughout 1988, some Airbus engineers, led by Jean Roeder, began secretly designing a very big plane. It was made to allow Airbus to rival Boeing, whose 747 had been the only very big plane since the 1970s. Airbus made the project public at the 1990 Farnborough Air Show. Airbus wanted to make this plane 15% cheaper to use than the Boeing 747-400. In June 1994, Airbus named the plane the A3XX.

Five A380s were made for testing, and also to demonstrate the plane to airlines and the public. The first A380 was shown to the public on 18 January 2005, and it first flew on 27 April 2005. The head test pilot said that flying the A380 was like "like handling a bicycle". On 1 December 2005, the A380 reached its maximum speed, Mach 0.96. On 10 January 2006, the A380 made its first flight across the Atlantic, to Medellín, in Colombia.

On 3 October 2006, Airbus' CEO Christian Streiff said that the Airbus A380 was delayed because of problems with the software used to design the aircraft. The Toulouse factory used the latest version of CATIA (made by Dassault), but the people who were designing the plane in the Hamburg factory were using an older version. The 530 km of cables which go through the aircraft had to have their design completely changed. No airlines cancelled their orders, but Airbus still had to pay a lot of money because of the delay.

The first A380 was delivered to Singapore Airlines on 15 October 2007. It began to be used on 25 October 2007, when it flew between Singapore and Sydney. Two months later, Singapore Airlines' CEO Chew Choong Seng said that the A380 was better than both the airline and Airbus thought. It used 20% less fuel per passenger than the Boeing 747-400. Emirates was the second airline to get an A380 on 28 July 2008, and it used the A380 to fly between Dubai and New York on 1 August 2008. Qantas got the A380 on 19 September 2008, and its A380s flew between Melbourne and Los Angeles on 20 October 2008.

On 6 April 2006, it was announced that BAE Systems would sell its 20% of Airbus. Its share was worth about €3.5 billion (US$4.17 billion). At first, BAE wanted to agree a price with EADS informally.

On 2 July 2006, BAE's part of the company was thought to be worth about £1.9 billion (€2.75 billion), which was much less than what BAE, analysts, and even EADS thought. In September 2006, BAE sold its part of Airbus for £1.87 billion (€2.75 billion, $3.53 billion). On 4 October, BAE's shareholders decided that the sale should go ahead, meaning that Airbus is now completely owned by EADS.

On 28 February 2007, CEO Louis Gallois said that Airbus was planning to make some changes. The programme was called Power, and it got rid of 10,000 jobs over four years: 4,300 in France, 3,700 in Germany, 1,600 in the UK and 400 in Spain. Airbus factories in Saint Nazaire, Varel and Laupheim could be sold or closed, while Meaulte, Nordenham and Filton are "open to investors". Unions in France and Germany threatened to go on strike because of the job cuts.

At the 2011 Paris Air Show, Airbus got 730 orders for Airbus A320neo family planes. These orders were worth $72.2 billion, and the number of orders is a new record in aviation. The A320neo was announced in December 2010, and it got 667 orders. Together with the orders before that time, there were 1029 orders made within six months after the plane was launched, which is also a new record.

The first Airbus plane was the A300, the world's first twin-engined aircraft to have two aisles. A shorter version of the A300 is called the Airbus A310. Airbus launched the A320, which is special as it is the first commercial plane to use a digital fly-by-wire control system. The A320 has been, and still is, a very big success. The A318 and A319 are shorter versions, and the A321 is a longer version, of the A320. The A320's main rival is the Boeing 737 family.

The long-range wide-body planes, the Airbus A330 and the Airbus A340, have efficient wings, which also have winglets. The Airbus A340-500 can fly for , which is the second-longest range for any commercial plane, after the Boeing 777-200LR. All Airbus aircraft after the A320 have similar cockpits, which makes it easier to train pilots. Airbus stopped making A340s in 2011 because not enough planes were being sold compared to other planes like the Boeing 777.

Airbus is studying a replacement for the A320. This plane is called the Airbus NSR, for "New Short-Range aircraft". Those studies said that the NSR could burn 9–10% less fuel than the current A320. Instead of making a brand new plane, Airbus decided to make changes to the current A320 by adding winglets and other improvements. This updated type of A320 is called the "A320 Enhanced" and it should use 4–5% less fuel.

In July 2007, Airbus gave the last A300 to FedEx, which was when Airbus stopped making A300/A310s.

Airbus made parts and helped maintain Concorde until it was retired in 2003.

Airbus Executive and Private Aviation is the part of Airbus which makes private jets. After Boeing started the Boeing Business Jet, Airbus made the A319 Corporate Jet in 1997. As of December 2008, 121 corporate and private jets are being used and 164 aircraft have been ordered.
In the late 1990s Airbus became interested in designing and selling aircraft to the military. Airbus made planes for aerial refuelling with the Airbus A310 MRTT and the Airbus A330 MRTT, and tactical airlift with the A400M.

In January 1999, Airbus started another company, Airbus Military , to design and make a tactical transport aircraft, the Airbus Military A400M. The A400M was designed by several NATO members: Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain, Turkey, and the UK, so that these countries did not have to use foreign transport planes. The A400M has had many delays.

"* All models included."

"Data as of 31 May 2013."
Airbus is in a fierce rivalry with Boeing. Airbus won more plane orders in 2003 and 2004. In 2005, Airbus got 1111 orders, and Boeing got 1029. In 2006, Airbus had its second-best year ever, when it got 824 orders. The year before that was even better. In August 2010, Airbus said that it would be making more A320 airliners, so that 40 would be made every month by 2012, when Boeing was making more 737s, so that 35 would be made every month.

As of April 2013, 7,264 Airbus aircraft are being used. There are 21% more Boeing aircraft than Airbus, because Airbus has not existed as long as Boeing. However, Airbus is catching up, as older Boeings are being retired.
Recently, more Boeing 777s have been sold than Airbus planes like the A330-300. The A330-200 is the main rival of the 767, and the A330-200 has sold more than the 767.

Airbus has also made the Airbus A350 XWB to be a rival to the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. This was done because airlines were asking Airbus to make a plane to rival the 787.

Boeing has complained that Airbus gets unfair help from European governments. However, Airbus has said that Boeing gets money illegally from the United States government, as the U.S. government buys many of Boeing's military products.

The WTO said in August 2010 and in May 2011 that Airbus was given unfair help by governments of European countries. In February 2011, the WTO found that Boeing had been given help by U.S. governments which broke the WTO rules.

Airbus has many different factories for different planes. These are:

Airbus uses the "Beluga" to move different parts of Airbus planes from one factory to the other. Boeing also uses some Boeing 747s to do this to transport parts for the 787. However, some parts of the Airbus A380 are too large to be carried by the Beluga. These big A380 parts are brought to Bordeaux on a ship. They are then taken to Toulouse on the Itinéraire à Grand Gabarit.

Airbus opened a factory in Tianjin, People's Republic of China in 2009.

Airbus started making a $350 million factory in Harbin, China in July 2009. When it is finished, 1,000 people will work there.

Airbus has started "Flightpath", which will lower the amount of noise, CO and NOx made by Airbus planes.

Airbus has joined Honeywell and JetBlue Airways to lower the amount of pollution and how much oil planes need to use. They are trying to make a biofuel which could be used by 2030.

Airbus recently had the first flight using special fuel. It used 60% kerosene and 40% gas to liquids (GTL) fuel. It gave out the same amount of carbon, but less sulphur. The special fuel worked with Airbus' engine, so this type of fuel should not need new engines. This flight is thought to be a good advance towards environmentally-friendly planes.

Airbus names its planes in a special way. The format is: the plane name, a dash, and a three-digit number.

The three-digit number after the plane name means the aircraft series, the company which makes the engines, and the version of the engines. For example, an A320-200 with version one International Aero Engines (IAE) V2500 engines would be called the A320-231.




Rapid City, South Dakota

Rapid City is the second most populous city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is in the western part of the state on the eastern edge of the Black Hills. Rapid City is the county seat of Pennington County.

It is a good starting point for the area around it, which is a tourist area. Local tourist sites include Mount Rushmore, the Black Hills, the Badlands, and Custer State Park.


Year without a Summer

The Year without a Summer was 1816. The year before that, in 1815, a volcano had erupted in the Dutch East Indies. The volcano's name was Mount Tambora. The volcanic ash from the eruption spread across the world. It darkened the sky, and made the Earth's surface colder. 

In much of Europe and northern North America, summer never came. In New England and Germany, there were frozen lakes in the middle of June. Flowers never bloomed, and every day was cold. These places and China suffered famine.

Capitol building

A capitol building (or just capitol) is a building in a capital city. People who control government work there to make laws. The building may have many offices. 

Some offices are for legislators, the people who make the laws. 

Some offices are for people who enforce laws, for example a president or governor. These people lead all people, and help them obey the laws.

Sometimes, there are offices for judges, people who help all people understand the laws. These judges are very powerful. A group of these judges can be called a supreme court or superior court.

Buildings similar to capitols are in other places. A smaller government like one in a county can be in a court house. A city government can be in a city hall.

Dissolve

The word dissolve can mean:


Jersey City, New Jersey

Jersey City is a city in Hudson County in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is just across the Hudson River from New York City.

San Jose, California

San Jose (officially "San José") is a city in Santa Clara County, California in the United States. 

It is the third biggest city in California, after Los Angeles and San Diego. It is the 12th biggest city in the United States. It is south of San Francisco. The city has 1,000,000 people. It has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

By the 1990s, San Jose and the rest of Silicon Valley had become the global center for high tech and internet industries, making it California's fastest-growing economy. It has very high home prices and is one of the most expensive places to live in the United States.

San Jose is home to San José State University as well as the hockey team San Jose Sharks.


Venus, Texas

Venus, Texas is a town in the United States. Around 4,361 people lived there (about 2,624 males and 1,737 females) in 2020.

Evergreen, Colorado

Evergreen, Colorado is a community in the United States, about 30 miles from Denver, Colorado.

Queens

Queens is a borough of New York City and a county of New York State. It was named for Catherine of Braganza, the Queen of England and wife of King Charles II of England.

Queens is in western Long Island. The East River separates it from Manhattan in the east and The Bronx in the north. Queens' only land boundary with another New York City borough is with Brooklyn in the south and west. Jamaica Bay separates most of Queens from its Rockaway Peninsula in the south. Nassau County lies to the east. Until 1899, Nassau County was part of Queens County. 

About 2.4 million people live in Queens and it is the largest borough of New York City in size and second in population (after Brooklyn). According to the United States census, Queens is the most ethnically diverse county in the USA. That means that it has the most people from different kinds of places, religions, and ethnic groups of any place in the USA. Large parts of Queens are urban and an equal part is suburban.

Queens is home to both of New York City's airports, LaGuardia Airport (LGA) and John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). Queens is connected to the Bronx by three bridges: the Bronx Whitestone Bridge, the Throgs Neck Bridge and the Triborough Bridge. It is connected to Manhattan by two bridges and one tunnel: the Triborough Bridge, the Queensboro Bridge, and the Queens Midtown Tunnel.

Many controlled-access highways cross Queens, including I-495 (the Long Island Expressway), I-278 (the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway), and I-678 (the Van Wyck Expressway, pronounced Van Wike). Important state highways in Queens include the Grand Central Parkway, which becomes the Northern State Parkway when it crosses the Queens border into Nassau County.

Many New York City Subway lines go through Queens. The most famous is the Flushing Line, the 7 Train, which has the nickname "International Express" because it goes through many neighborhoods where many immigrants live. Other subway lines in Queens include the A Train, C Train, E Train, F Train, G Train, J Train, M Train, N Train, R Train, V Train, W Train, and Z Train.

Queens has a very large bus system that goes to all parts of the borough. Some bus routes go to Brooklyn, Manhattan, or the Bronx.

The Long Island Rail Road also has many stations in Queens. The Port Washington Line crosses northern Queens. There are busy stations at Woodside, Queens, Forest Hills, and Flushing. The central depot and main station for the railroad is in the neighborhood of Jamaica.

The New York Mets of the National League of Major League Baseball play in Citi Field in Queens. The U.S. Open, a famous and important tennis tournament, is played in Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows Park south of the baseball stadium.

Queens has dozens of neighborhoods and named areas. These include:

<br>

Toller Cranston

Toller Cranston (April 20, 1949 – January 24, 2015) was a Canadian figure skater.

Cranston was born in Hamilton, Ontario. He grew up in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. He was Canadian champion six times, and, despite never coming higher than third at a world championship, he came first in the free skate four times. He was well-respected for his artistic ability, and is recognized as someone who brought a new level of artistry to men's figure skating.

He skated as a professional for many years, choreographed (designed movement patterns for) skating routines, and was a commentator (talked about events) on T.V. during skating events. Many people don't realize that Toller was also an extremely successful and talented fine art painter. He funded his career off the sale of his artworks, and continued to paint ferociously until the end of his days. 

After his retirement, Cranston lived in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. He was found dead at his home in San Miguel de Allende on the morning of January 24, 2015. He was 65 years old. His cause of death was later said to be a heart attack.



Montreal Canadiens

The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). Their nickname is the "Habs" (short for the French "Habitants", early settlers in Quebec from France). They have won the Stanley Cup championship 24 times, more than any other team.

The Canadiens (who use the French spelling of "Canadian") were formed in 1909, as part of the National Hockey Association.

They won their first Stanley Cup in 1916, with star players such as Edouard "Newsy" Lalonde and goaltender Georges Vezina. The Canadiens joined the NHL in 1917; Canadien Joe Malone won the first NHL scoring title (Art Ross Trophy). They won the Cup again in 1924, with players such as Billy Boucher. Howie Morenz was a big star in the early years of the NHL. He was a great skater. Morenz won the Hart Trophy, as the league's top player, three times. Goalie George Hainsworth played at the same time, and along with others such as Aurel Joliat, they won the Stanley Cup in 1930 and 1931.

It took 13 years before they won the Cup again. A young Maurice "The Rocket" Richard, star goalie Bill Durnan,Hector "Toe" Blake, and Elmer Lach led the Canadiens to the cup again in 1944, as well as 1946. Richard scored 50 goals in a 50-game season in 1944-45. No one did that again for 36 years. He led the NHL in goals five times.

The Canadiens became a very powerful team in the 1950s. Led by legendary center Jean Beliveau, Doug Harvey (who won seven Norris Trophies as best defence, six on Montreal), Bernie "Boom Boom" Geoffrion, Dickie Moore, Jacques Plante (who won seven Vezina Trophies for goalies), and Richard (along with his younger brother, Henri, the "Pocket Rocket"), the team won the Cup in 1953, and five times in a row, 1956 through 1960. They won again in 1965, 1966, 1968, and 1969.

New players led the team in the 1970s: Guy Lafleur, Ken Dryden, Bob Gainey, Larry Robinson, and Yvon Cournoyer led them to the cup in 1971, 1973, and four times in a row, 1976 through 1979. By 1979, they had won the Stanley Cup 16 times in 27 years.


Notes

Hockey

Hockey is a type of sport in which players try to get points by hitting an object into the other team's goal with a stick. Others believe hockey came from the French word “hoquet” which means shepherd's stick. James Creighton, an engineer who learned how to play the game of hockey while living in Nova Scotia, is credited for bringing the game to a new level. He taught his friends at McGill University in Montreal how to play the game. 
There are three main ways that hockey is played.

Evidence exists that shows ancient Aztecs, Greeks and Romans played similar forms of the game. The modern game of field hockey came to fruition in the mid-19th century in Great Britain. The British army brought the game to its colonies, and the first international competition took place in 1895.
A hockey glove,
A hockey stick,
A gum shield,
Shin pads,
Astro trainers[give more grip]

Tyresta National Park

Tyresta National Park is a small national park in Sweden. It only has about 50 square kilometers (or 19 square miles) of land. It is located near the capital city of Stockholm. A large fire burned almost 10 percent of the park in 1999, but the animals and plants have come back and are now doing fine.


St. Basil's Cathedral

St. Basil's Cathedral, also known as the Cathedral of Intercession, is a very famous cathedral in Moscow, Russia. It is officially known as the Cathedral of the Intercession of the Most Holy Theotokos on the Moat, or Pokrovsky Cathedral. It was commissioned by Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible), for Saint Basil the Blessed. It is in the area called Red Square. It was built in 1555-1561.

The cathedral is has eight distinctive onion-shaped towers. The building itself is made up of separate chapels. There is a ninth spire in the middle, forming an eight-point star.

The cathedral has been close to destruction many times. Napoleon Bonaparte decided to take it to Paris, but such an undertaking would have been impossible. Instead, he ordered it to be demolished. Explosives were lit, but torrential rain suddenly started, extinguishing the fuses. 

Joseph Stalin also ordered it to be destroyed, since it interfered with parades. Pyotr Baranovsky, who was the architect in charge, objected and was sent to the GULAG but the demolition was cancelled. The city of Moscow also caught fire numerous times, and the cathedral wasn't spared. Even so, it still stands to this very day.

Newport, Wales

Newport is a city in the southeast of Wales, Great Britain. It is in the county of Monmouthshire, and in the historic Welsh kingdom of Gwent. Its name in Welsh is Casnewydd. It is the third biggest city in Wales. Newport became a city in 2002. About 140,000 people live in Newport.

A few years ago, Newport had lots of people working in the steel factory and other heavy industries. This has changed, now many people work in electronics, such as making computers, phones and microchips.

Monmouthshire

Monmouthshire is a county in Wales in the west of Great Britain. From the end of the Middle Ages until the year 1974, Monmouthshire was a part of England for some purposes and a part of Wales for others. Then, in 1972, the Parliament decided that it was going to be in Wales from 1974 onwards.

The chief town in the area is Newport. Other important towns are Cwmbran, where the county council meets, Monmouth, the county town and Abergavenny.

Death grunt

A death grunt is when a singer uses a scream which is very low and deep. It is used in many types of music, but usually death metal and black metal. In many people's opinions, it is hard to understand the death grunt. However, some people who listen to them a lot think they are not so hard to understand. Some people believe that death grunts in music sound "scary", so they do not like them.

Bands that use death growls include Necrophagist, Morbid Angel, Opeth, and many more.
Bands that use higher screams that come from the throat include Escape the Fate, Alesana and Greeley Estates.

Other terms for death grunts are death growls, harsh vocals, and unclean vocals.

Clique

A clique is a small group of people who like the same things. Sometimes, people use the word clique to talk about groups of young people. The word is also used to talk about groups of adults, usually groups of politicians.

In a clique there are leaders and followers. A clique may also have people they do not like. Such people are called outcasts. The outcasts were followers, then they were not liked.

Goth subculture

A goth is a word usually used to describe a person who listens to gothic music and/or dresses in a goth style clothes. Goths often wear black and unusual jewelry. Both goth men and goth women often wear make-up.

The "goth subculture" originated in the early 1980s among fans of the first gothic rock group, Bauhaus.

The word goth comes from the word "Gothic" which actually means "gloomy" or "dark". This meaning of the word comes from "gothic fiction", a type of literature popular during the late 18th and early 19th century. 

People who call themselves a goth are those who live up the meaning of the name through wearing clothes or putting on makeup that is in colours that represent death, decay, or gloominess, such as the colour black, deathly white face makeup, dark bloody red colours, or the tones of the colour puce.
Goths wear normal black clothes and mix them with other colours to make a new look.

Goth people are often mistaken to be emo or punk because of the everyday stereotypes. 

Cigarette

Cigarettes can be any dried leaf that people roll in thin paper to smoke, but the word is most often used to refer ones with dried tobacco leaves. The nicotine in the tobacco can be addictive to people. The nicotine from cigarettes makes people want to smoke more, even if they do not like the taste or its other effects.

The smoke also has other things that are bad for people's health. Many countries have laws saying who can smoke tobacco cigarettes and where they can smoke them. They can cause lung cancer, heart disease and many other diseases. Most packs of cigarettes have warning labels on them. Until the mid-1950s, cigarettes were advertised as being healthy or at least not harmful. Tobacco companies used images of doctors smoking in their advertisements to falsely convince the public that cigarettes were safe. Cigarettes were advertised as a remedy for throat irritation, the common cold, obesity, indigestion, and even asthma. Today, all of the major tobacco companies admit that cigarettes are harmful to health.

Smokers have symptoms such as frequent coughing, chest pain, and breathlessness. Doctors say that people should not smoke, as it can harm almost every organ in the body.

Cigarette smoke contains many harmful substances. Among them are nicotine, tar, carcinogens and carbon monoxide.


Gdańsk

Gdańsk is a city in the north of Poland in Pomeranian Voivodeship, near the place where the Vistula river meets the Baltic Sea. It is Poland's 6th largest city (population of 500 000 people) and the largest and most important sea port.

It has existed since the 10th century and many times played a very important role in Poland's history. In the 19th century it was part of Prussia. This is where Solidarity, the movement which helped end Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, came to life.

Gdansk has a humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

The sixth Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2010.


Montserrat

Montserrat is a Caribbean island and a British Overseas Territory. Its governor is Deborah Barnes-Jones. Officially, the capital is Plymouth, but the government has moved to Brades after Chances Peak erupted, destroying Plymouth in 1995.

Before the island was called Montserrat, Kalinago and Taíno people had lived in the region for a long time. They knew it as Alliouagana.

Montserrat was colonised mostly by Irish Catholics. They brought many black slaves to the island and forced them to work on sugar plantations. The work the slaves made many plantations grow wealthy. When slavery was made illegal in the 1830s, the British Empire paid all the slave owners.

Malawi

Malawi ("Republic of Malawi") is a country in south-east Africa. It has borders with the countries of Tanzania, Zambia, and Mozambique. The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe and the spoken languages are English and Chichewa. The official language of Malawi is English. The total size is about 118480 km² and there are about 100 people per km². The country is also called "The Warm Heart of Africa". Malawi is one of the smallest countries in Africa. Lake Malawi takes about a third of Malawi's area.

Bantu people started living in Malawi in the 10th century. In 1891 the area became a colony of the United Kingdom. In 1953 Malawi, then called as Nyasaland, as a protectorate of the United Kingdom, became an almost independent country called Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The Federation was ended in 1963. In 1964 the protection of the United Kingdom over Nyasaland was ended. Nyasaland became an independent country which was ruled by Queen Elizabeth and was called Malawi. Two years later it became a republic. After getting independence it became a one-party rule which was ruled by Hastings Banda. He was president until 1994. Peter Mutharika is the current president. Malawi has a democratic, many party government. Malawi has a small military: army, a navy and an air support. Malawi has good relations with Western countries and most countries in the world. Malawi has joined some international organizations.

Malawi is one of the poorest countries in the world. Economy is based in farming. Most of the population live in field areas. Country gets aid from other countries. Government has a hard time building and expanding the economy and develop health care, education and environment safety. Since 2005 some programs have been developed to focus on these problems.

Malawi has a low life expectancy and high infant mortality. People become ill with AIDS. Africans, Asians and Europeans are living in the country and they speak in different languages.

People have lived in the area of Malawi for thousands of years. At first they were hunter-gatherers. Bantu groups came to the area around the 10th century. Most of the Bantu groups went to south but some started living there and made ethnic groups based on familiar race.

By 1500 AD groups came together and made Maravi empire, which streched from north of what is now Nkhotakota to the Zambezi River and from Lake Malawi to the Luangwa River in what is now Zambia.

After 1600 the area was united under one ruler and began trading and making connection with Portuguese traders and members of the military through the Mozambican port which was occupied by Portuguese. By 1700 the empire had broken up into areas that were controlled by individual groups of people which was known by the Portuguese by collecting information. The Swahili-Arab slave trade had its highest amount in the middle of 1800s when about 20,000 people were forced to become slaves and were sold every year.

In 1859 British explorer David Livingstone found Lake Malawi (then it was called Lake Nyasa) and thought that Shire Highlands to the south of the lake was a good place for Europeans to make a colony. Many British missions were done in the area in the 1860s and 1870s. The African Lakes Company Limited was made in 1878 to set up a trade and transport that helped with the missions, and a small mission and trading area was made at Blantyre in 1876 and a British Consul started living there in 1883.

Malawi became an independent country on 6 July 1964. Hastings Banda became the first president. Constitution made Malawi become a republic and one-party state. Banda's Malawi Congress Party (MCP) was the only legal party in the country. In 1971, Banda became president for life. For almost 30 years, Banda ruled over a harsh government which kept Malawi out from war.

Banda showed how a poor country with no access to sea, big population and no minerals can develop farming and industries. Banda made a business empire that produced one-third of the country's GDP and used 10% of the workers who got paid. All money made by Banda was used to develop Malawi.

Under pressure for free politics, Banda held an referendum in 1993, where population voted for many party, democratic government. In late 1993 a presidential council was made, president for life was ended and new constitution was put in place, ending MCP rule. In 1994 the first many party elections were held in Malawi, and Banda was defeated by Bakili Muluzi.



Electromagnetic radiation

Electromagnetic waves are waves that contain an electric field and a magnetic field and carry energy. They travel at the speed of light (299,792,458 meters per second).

Quantum mechanics developed from the study of electromagnetic waves. This field includes the study of both visible and invisible light. Visible light is the light one can see with normal eyesight in the colours of the rainbow. Invisible light is light one can't see with normal eyesight and includes more energetic and higher frequency waves, such as ultraviolet, x-rays and gamma rays. Waves with longer lengths, such as infrared, micro and radio waves, are also explored in the field of Quantum mechanics.

Some types of electromagnetic radiation, such as X-rays, are ionizing radiation and can be harmful to your body. Ultraviolet rays are near the violet end of the light spectrum and infrared are near the red end. Infrared rays are used as heat rays and ultraviolet rays cause sunburn.

The various parts of the electromagnetic spectrum differ in wavelength, frequency and quantum energy.

Sound waves are not electromagnetic waves but waves of pressure in air, water or any other substance.

In physics, it is well known that the wave equation for a typical wave is

formula_1

The problem now is to prove that Maxwell's equations explicitly prove that the electric and magnetic fields create electromagnetic radiation. Recall that two of Maxwell's equations are given by

formula_2

formula_3

By evaluating the curl of the above equations and vector calculus one can prove the following equations

formula_4

formula_5

Note: the proof involves making the substitution

formula_6

The equations above are analogous to the wave equation, by replacing f with E and B. The above equations mean that propagations through the magnetic (B) and electric (E) fields will produce waves.




Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea. It is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States and CARICOM.

The country speaks English as its official language. The capital, and its main port, is Kingstown.

Its national bird is the Saint Vincent Amazon, an endemic bird of the Saint Vincent island.

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy with King Charles III as head of state. The King does not live in the islands but he is represented in the country by the Governor-General, currently Sir Frederick Ballantyne.

Control of the government rests with the elected prime minister and his or her cabinet. The current Prime Minister is Ralph Gonsalves.

The country has no formal armed forces, although the police has a Special Service Unit that has a supporting role on the island.

The Parliament is unicameral is formed only by the House of Assembly with 21 seats: 15 representatives elected by popular vote to serve five-year terms and 6 appointed senators. The last elections were held on 13 December 2010 and the next will be held in 2015.

The island now known as Saint Vincent was originally named "Youloumain" by the native Caribs. The Caribs inhabited Saint Vincent before the Europeans arrived, and it is possible still to find Carib artifacts in the island.

Christopher Columbus explored in 1498 the main island on Saint Vincent's Day. The Caribs did not allowed Europeans to settle in Saint Vincent until 1719 when some French people came from Martinique and began to grow coffee, tobacco, indigo, cotton and sugar cane with the help of African slaves.

In 1763 by the Treaty of Paris, France gave control of Saint Vincent to Britain; France took the island again in 1779, but the British then regained Saint Vincent under the Treaty of Versailles (1783).

In 1834 slavery was abolished and people from the Portuguese island of Madeira and from India came to work as agricultural workers.

In 1871 the group of islands became part of the Windward Islands Colony and in 1956 a member of the Federation of the Windward Islands. In 1958 Saint Vincent joined the Federation of the West Indies and in 1969 it got full internal self-government. Finally in 1979 it became an Independent Sovereign State within the Commonwealt.

The estimated population in 2003 was 103,220. The population density is 265 persons per square kilometre.

The ethnic composition was 66% Black, 19% Mixed, 6.0% East Indian, 4.0% European (mainly Portuguese), 2.0% Carib Amerindian, 3.0% others.

The official language of the islands is English but most people use the Vicentian Creole English.

The people of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was 75% Protestant (47% Anglicans, 28% Methodists), 13% Catholics, 12% other (Hindu, Seventh-Day Adventists, other Protestant).

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a group of islands of the Caribbean Sea. It lies to the west of Barbados, south of Saint Lucia and north of Grenada in the Windward Islands of the Lesser Antilles.

There are 32 islands and cays, including the main island of Saint Vincent () and the northern two-thirds of the Grenadines (), which are a chain of small islands stretching south from Saint Vincent to Grenada. The largest and most populated Grenadines islands are Bequia, Mustique, Canouan and Union Island.

The main island of Saint Vincent, at , is long and wide, and has an area of , or about 88% of the total country area, 19 times that of the country's second largest island Bequia. It is dominated by the highest mountain in the country and an active volcano, La Soufrière (), which erupted violently in 1812 and 1902. The most recent eruption was on April 13, 1979. The island has many mountains and forests. The island is tropical humid, with an average of between 18 and 31 °C depending on the altitude.

The Saint Vincent Passage is between the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent islands, and the Bequia Channel is between the Grenadines and Saint Vincent islands.
The Grenadines islands lie between the islands of Saint Vincent in the north and Grenada in the south. Neither Saint Vincent nor Grenada are Grenadine islands. The islands north of the Martinique Channel belong to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the islands south of the channel belong to Grenada.

These islands make up the Grenadines Parish

Administratively, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is divided into six parishes. Five parishes are on Saint Vincent, while the sixth is made up of the Grenadine islands. Kingstown is located in the Parish of Saint George and is the capital city and central administrative centre of the country.


Tropical rainforest climate is a type of tropical climate in which there is no dry season - all months have mean precipitation values of at least . Tropical rainforest climates have no pronounced summer or winter; it is typically hot and wet throughout the year and rainfall is both heavy and frequent.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate is Af (Tropical Rainforest Climate).

The average yearly temperature is . The coolest months are between November and February. During the rainy season, May through October, rain is frequent in the mountains of St. Vincent with the annual average rainfall being away from the coast and on the coast.


Adolph Rupp

Adolph Frederick Rupp (September 2, 1901 – December 10, 1977) was an American college basketball coach. He coached the University of Kentucky's basketball team for 42 years from 1930 to 1972. He helped the team win 4 national NCAA championships. Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky is named after him.

Miami Dolphins

The Miami Dolphins are an American football team in the National Football League based in Miami, Florida. The Dolphins began playing in 1966 and in 1972 they had the only perfect season in NFL history and won a Super Bowl, with Bob Griese leading the team as quarterback. The other Super Bowl win came a year later, in 1973. Another quarterback, Dan Marino, is a more recent famous player from this club. The Miami Dolphins stadium is Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. 


Oksana Grishuk

Oksana Vladimirovna Grishuk (born March 17, 1972 in Odessa, Ukraine) is a Russian retired ice dancer. She and her partner, Evgeny Platov, won two Olympic gold medals and four world championships.

Grishuk began training in skating at the age of four. She moved to Moscow in 1986, and studied at the Sport University from 1988 to 1992.

After they won the gold medal in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, Platov decided to skate as a professional with a different partner, Maya Usova, so Grishuk began skating professionally alone. 



Evgeny Platov

Evgeny Platov (born August 7, 1967, Odessa, Ukraine).

He was a Russian dancer, and began skating when he was nine years old. He studied at the Physical Institute of Culture in Moscow. 

Platov won two Olympic gold medals and four world championships with his partner, Oksana Grishuk 

After the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, Japan, Platov started skating as a professional with a different partner, Maya Usova, until he retired from performing in 2002. He is now a coach at Princeton Sports Center in Princeton, New Jersey. 



Tetris

Tetris is a puzzle game, developed in the Soviet Union by Alexey Pajitnov in 1985. It has appeared on many video game systems.

Many companies have published "Tetris" games, such as Nintendo for the Game Boy and Nintendo Entertainment System. The Tetris Company, founded in 1996 by Pajitnov and Henk Rogers, manages and licenses the Tetris brand.

With over 500 million copies sold across all of its different versions, it is the best-selling video game of all time.

In a game of "Tetris", shapes known as tetrominoes fall down into a playing field, which is usually ten squares wide and twenty squares tall. There are seven different tetrominoes. The goal of the player is to move and turn the falling tetrominoes so they fill an entire row of the playing field. When a row is completely filled, it disappears and the lines above it move down to fill the space. This is called a line clear.

Clearing lines give points. A player gets more points if they clear more than one line with one tetromino. Clearing one line is called a "single", two lines a "double", three lines a "triple", and four lines a "Tetris". Clearing two Tetrises in a row is called a Back-to-Back Tetris. The player can also turn a T-shaped Tetrimino into a T-shaped hole before it finishes falling to get more points. This move is called a "T-Spin".

Levels have a set goal, or number of lines to clear. When the goal number reaches zero, the player moves to the next level. As the levels go up, tetrominoes fall faster.

Modern versions of Tetris follow a set of rules written by The Tetris Company. These rules, known as the "Tetris Guideline", make sure all Tetris games look and feel familiar. For example, these rules state what each button on a game controller must do, and what colour each tetromino should be.

In older versions of the game, the player loses when the tetrominos make it to the top of the playing field. In more modern versions of the game, they can lose in two ways. The first is when they place a piece completely above the playing field. The second way to lose is if a player places a piece that blocks the next piece from spawning in. 

On the Game Boy, there are several musical themes played. The theme for level 1 and used in the Game Boy version is often called the "Tetris Theme". It is actually a Russian dance called "Korobeiniki", or "The Peddlers." Other themes include music by Johann Sebastian Bach and the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy.

Moldova

Moldova is a country in Eastern Europe. Its full name is the Republic of Moldova (, .) It used to be called Moldavia. It borders Ukraine to the east and Romania to the west.

The official language in Moldova is the Romanian language. The capital of Moldova is Chișinău.

The Russian Empire took almost half of the Principality of Moldova in 1812 and called it Bessarabia. Between 19181940 and 19411944 it was part of the Kingdom of Romania. It became independent from the Soviet Union after the latter country's dissolution.

The average monthly salary/wages are still low, standing at only US$243. Moldova is an associated country for future membership in the European Union.



Polish

Polish can mean:
When written with upper-case "P":

When written with lower-case "p":

Polish language

Polish () is the official language of Poland. It is the most common Western Slavic language and the second Slavic language, after Russian.

Polish has been an important language in Central and Eastern Europe. Polish is now spoken by over 43.5 million people as their first language in Poland. It is also spoken as a Second language in western parts of Belarus, Lithuania and Ukraine. Because of emigration during different times, millions of Polish-speakers can be found in Australia, Ireland, Brazil, Canada, United Kingdom, United States and elsewhere. There are over 50 million speakers around the world.

There are 9 letters in Polish that English does not have. They look like English letters with marks above or below them.

In lower case, the 9 letters are: ą ć ę ł ń ś ó ź ż

In upper case, the 9 letters are: Ą Ć Ę Ł Ń Ś Ó Ź Ż

There are 3 English letters not used in Polish: q, v, x.

There are 7 combinations of 2 letters that are like a single letter sound (similar to "th" or "qu" in English). These include "ch", "cz", "dz", "dź", "dż", "rz", "sz".

Many letters have the same sound in Polish and English, such as "f" "m", and others, but other letters sound different: Polish "w" sounds like an English "v", and Polish "ł" sounds like an English "w". There are also some Polish sounds that do not exist in English and some English sounds that do not exist in Polish.

The vowels "ą" and "ę" are nasal and so they are pronounced by blowing air partly out of both the nose and the mouth.

Most words are pronounced with an accent on the second-last syllable: "student" (which means the same as the English word) is pronounced with the accent on "stu" ("STU-dent"), and "studenci" (the plural form of "student") is pronounced with the accent on "den" (stu-DEN-ci).

The Polish language has several dialects but they are more similar to one another than most other European languages. There are small differences, but all speakers can understand one another, and non-native speakers often cannot notice the differences.

Grammar is complex, and has features that are unlike English.

Like many other languages, Polish has grammatical gender. A table ("stół") is masculine, a book ("książka") is feminine, and a window ("okno") is neuter.

Nouns and adjectives and verbs have many endings, depending on their role in a sentence. There are 7 cases that show the role of a noun in a Polish sentence. Each has its own ending, which also depends on the gender of the noun.

Word order is freer than in English, partly because the case and gender endings help to understand the role of the noun. In English, "The boy bites the dog" is quite different from "The dog bites the boy", but in Polish, both orders can be used without confusion.

Dzień dobry (Dz'yehn DOH-brih) - "Good morning" or "Good afternoon"

Dobry wieczór (DOH-brih v-YETCH-oor) - "Good evening'

Do widzenia (doh vee-DZEN-yah) - "Good bye"

Cześć! (tsheshch) - "Hi", "Hello!" or "Bye"

Tak (tahk) - "Yes" (in Polish, long-short answers like "Yes, I did" are not needed, and Tak is enough)

Nie (nyeh) - "No" or "Not" (in Polish, long-short answers like "No, I won't" are not needed, and Nie is enough)

Jak się masz? (yahk shyeh mahsh) - "How do you do?"

Co robisz? (tsoh robish) - "What you doing?"

Jak się nazywasz? (YAHK shyeh nahZYvash) or Jak masz na imię? (YAHK mahsh nah EE-myeng/EE-myeh) - "What's your name?"

Nazywam się... (nah-ZIH-vahm shyeh) - "My (name and) surname is..."

Mam na imię... (mahm nah EE-myeng/EE-myeh) - "My (given) name is..."

Nie mówię po Polsku (nyeh MOW-vyeng/MOW-vyeh poh POL-skoo) - "I do not speak Polish"

Lubię Cię (loo-bee-EH chyeh) - "I like you"

Kocham Cię (koh-hahm chyeh) - "I love you"

Nie mówię po Angielsku (nyeh MOW-vyeng/MOW-vyeh poh ahng-YEL-skoo) - "I do not speak English"

Jak dojechać na lotnisko/dworzec (yak do-YEH-khatch nah lot-NEE-sco/dvo-ZHETS) - "How do you get the airport/rail station?"(where dworzec - "station" means "rail station" by default)

Jeden (ye-den) -One

Dwa (dva) -Two

Trzy (Trzhi) -Three

Georgia

Georgia could mean either of two things:


Kryptos

Kryptos is the name of a sculpture (art that is like a statue) on the grounds of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in Langley, Virginia, USA. Kryptos is very famous. It has codes (secret hidden messages) on it. There are four messages. People know what three of the messages say. No one knows what the fourth message says yet.

A man named Jim Sanborn made "Kryptos" in 1990. Kryptos is in a garden in the middle of a building called CIA Headquarters. 

Not very many people have seen "Kryptos", because only a few people are allowed to go into the CIA building. They do very important work at the CIA, and have to be very careful.

The word Kryptos comes from the Greek language. It means "hidden".

The sculpture is about 12 feet high and 20 feet long. It is made of metal and different kinds of rocks. It has thousands of letters and other things written in the metal. 

The first person to find out what the first three messages say, was Jim Gillogly. He learned the answers in 1999. After he said what the answer was, the CIA said that a man who works at the CIA, David Stein, knew the answer too. A few years later the NSA (another agency in Washington D.C.) said that they had people who had solved it too.

Before he made "Kryptos", Jim Sanborn had not made any other sculptures with letters on them. After "Kryptos" he made many other sculptures with letters on them. Some of them have secret messages. One is called Antipodes. There are two copies of Antipodes. One belongs to a man in California. The other is in a museum in Washington DC called the Hirshhorn Museum. 

Another sculpture that Sanborn made which has secret messages is called the "Cyrillic Projector". It has secret messages in Russian. The Cyrillic Projector was independently cracked by Michael Bales and Frank Corr in 2003.

There are two famous books that talk about "Kryptos", which were written by Dan Brown. He wrote a book in 2003 called "The Da Vinci Code". On the cover of the book is art. In the art there are secret messages. Two of the messages talk about "Kryptos". Dan Brown wrote another book in 2009 called "The Lost Symbol", which also talks about "Kryptos".



Lech Wałęsa

Lech Walesa (Polish: Lech Wałęsa (pronounced [lɛx vaˈwɛ̃sa])) (born September 29, 1943) is a Polish shipyard worker, trade unionist and a politician who used to be the leader of Solidarity and the President of Poland between 1990 and 1995. Walesa won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983.

List of football clubs in the Netherlands

These are some Dutch football (soccer) teams.

Season 2018/19


Charles de Gaulle

General Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle (22 November 1890 - 9 November 1970) was a French military and political leader. He was president of France from 1959 to 1969. He was a founding member and leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War. 

De Gaulle chaired the Provisional Government of the French Republic from 1944 to 1946 in order to re-establish democracy in France.

In 1958, he came out of retirement: the Algerian War was happening. He rewrote the Constitution of France and founded the Fifth Republic after it was approved by a referendum. He was elected President of France later that year, a position to which he was re-elected in 1965 and held until his resignation in 1969.

The National Assembly brought him back to power in May 1958. He granted independence to Algeria. 900,000 French people in Algeria (called "les pieds-noire") left for France. The Organisation armée secrète (OAS) tried to kill him. Frederick Forsyth used this incident as a basis for his novel "The Day of the Jackal".

After the Algerian conflict, de Gaulle wanted to improve the French economy, and have an independent foreign policy. This was called by foreign observers the "politics of grandeur" ("politique de grandeur"). See Gaullism.

The French economy recorded high growth rates. In 1964, for the first time in nearly 100 years, France's GDP overtook that of the United Kingdom. This period is still remembered in France with some nostalgia as the peak of the "Trente Glorieuses" ("Thirty Glorious Years" of economic growth between 1945 and 1974).

De Gaulle had many admirers, but he was also one of the most hated men in modern French history.


De Gaulle died in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises in 1970 while playing cards because of a brain aneurysm.

Sumatran tiger

The Sumatran tiger ("Panthera tigris sumatrae") is the smallest living tiger subspecies. Only the extinct Bali tiger was smaller. It is listed as critically endangered. They are in danger due to hunting and the destruction of their habitat. It is estimated that there are only about 400-700 Sumatran tigers left in the wild.

The Sumatran tiger lives only on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. It can be found in low and highland areas, mountainous jungles, and peat swamp forests.

Like other tiger subspecies, the Sumatran tiger has deep orange fur with black stripes. Every tiger has its own pattern of stripes, with none being the same. The Sumatran tiger has very long back legs, which allow it to jump great distances. Even though they are the smallest of the tiger subspecies, Sumatran tigers are still very large, reaching to the length of 9 feet (2.7 meters), and weighing up to 165-250 pounds (75–114 kg). Sumatran tigers have webbed feet. This allows them to swim easily.

The Sumatran tiger is found only on the Indonesian island of Sumatra, where the Sumatran tiger can be found from low and highland areas, to mountainous jungles and peat swamp forests.

Sumatran tigers ambush their prey, using their long, powerful legs, jaws, and claws to catch and kill their prey. They have extremely good eyesight and hearing, which helps them to find their prey. Sumatran tigers feed mainly on wild boar and deer, and they can eat more than 40 pounds of meat at a time.

Female Sumatran tigers reach maturity at the age of around three to four years. Males turn mature at the age of around four to five years. Females are pregnant for about 95–110 days, and the females give birth in hidden and private areas and raise the cubs alone. They give birth to around 2-3 cubs at a time, but they can sometimes give birth to six cubs. The cubs’ eyes are closed at birth, and they don't open fully until the cub is one or two weeks old. Cubs feed on milk for three to six months and start hunting with their mother at the age of about five or six months. They will stay with their mother until they are fully able to hunt on their own, which doesn't happen until the cubs are at least 18 months to 2 years old. In the wild, Sumatran tigers live an average of 15 years.


American Film Institute

The American Film Institute (AFI) is an independent, organization that is designed not to make money created by the National Endowment for the Arts, which was started in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act.

George Stevens, Jr. was the first CEO. Since 1980, Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO.

Older figures in AFI's Conservatory train newer people.

The institute also wants to keep old film, which could soon be destroyed.

Even though its name only mentions film, AFI also works on television and video.

In 1973, the AFI began handing out Life Achievement Awards.

In 1998, when American cinema had existed for 100 years, AFI began its 100 Years Series, which helped people become interested in the history of movies.

Recently, it built and started the AFI Silver theatre in Silver Spring, Maryland near Washington, D.C.

In honour of the hundredth birthday of American cinema, the AFI has made several lists of the best movie-related things:



Fullback

A fullback or full back is the name of a defensive position in a football (soccer) game. A fullback is also an offensive position in American football that usually blocks for the quarterback or a running back.

Antonio Meucci

Antonio Meucci (Florence, April 13, 1808 – October 18, 1889) was an Italian inventor. He invented the first type of telephone, also known as the first 'talking telegraph' 1857. In 2002, the United States House of Representatives ruled that he invented the first working telephone, although Alexander Graham Bell was first to patent it. 

8 Mile

8 Mile is a 2002 American drama movie starring rapper Eminem, Kim Basinger, Brittany Murphy and Mekhi Phifer. It is set in 1995 in Detroit, Michigan.

The film tells about a young white rapper living in inner city Detroit. He tries to make a rap career but most rappers are African Americans.

The film was a critical and financial success. Eminem won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Lose Yourself".

African Americans

An African American is a person who lives in the United States whose ancestors were from Africa. It could also mean a first generation African immigrant who has citizenship in the United States. Some African Americans are also of Caribbean or Afro-Latino ancestry.

The term is usually associated with black people. This is because of many African Americans' dark skin due to having Sub-Saharan African ancestors. Many Africans were brought to the United States in the slave trade. Many of the U.S. population (especially in many urban or city areas) are African American. Many others live in rural areas in the Southern United States. Detroit has the highest percent of blacks in the nation, and many live in other big cities. Cities with the highest percent of African Americans are Jackson, Mississippi; New Orleans; Memphis; Miami Gardens; and Savannah, Georgia. New York City and Chicago have the largest population of African Americans. Other cities with a high African American population are Baltimore, Houston, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Baton Rouge, Washington, D.C. and Dallas. States with the highest percentage of African Americans are Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia, Maryland, South Carolina, Alabama, Delaware, North Carolina, Virginia and Tennessee. African Americans are third largest ethnic group in the United States after White Americans and Hispanic and Latino Americans. African Americans are the second largest ancestral group in the United States after Germans. Many African Americans have European and Native American ancestry. The first African slaves were brought on a Dutch boat from Angola in 1619 to the British colony of Jamestown in Virginia. New York City has the largest African American population by city.

African-American refers to a specific range of diverse cultures with a common thread of ethnic connection to Africa. This term was created to describe an ethnic/cultural link to Africa for people who are American, somewhat like the case of Italian Americans, Irish Americans, or Polish Americans. However, a description based on language may be very different from one based on skin color.

The 'African' in African-American acknowledges the connection to a number of African cultures, not one in particular. The 'American' shows the nationality and culture of the United States. A person born in Nigeria is still Nigerian even if he or she comes to the United States and lives here for the rest of their life. If that person wants to say that they are an American citizen, they would simply say "I am an American citizen". His American-born children might call themselves Nigerian-American OR African-American.

Some Caribbeans such as Jamaicans do not identify as African American, even if they have African ancestry.

In America, and from an American point of view, the term 'Black' is often applied to other ethnic groups throughout the world who do not necessarily see themselves as Black, such as Australian Aborigines, for example. African American culture was born in the United States and is distinct from any single African culture.

African-American is a term that many Black people chose to call themselves because they found the term "Negro" offensive.

In America there are many immigrants of mixed race that includes African descent, like Cape Verdeans, Dominicans, Cubans, Brazilians and Puerto Ricans. These groups, by and large, do not think of themselves as Black or African American and object to these labels.

Many mixed race Americans also resist pressure to identify themselves as Black or White. Blasians (Black Asians) and Afro-Hispanics also resist this pressure.

Alabama has a large population of African Americans. African Americans were enslaved in the state.

African Americans constitute 15.4 percent of Arkansas’s population, according to the 2010 census, and they have been present in Arkansas since the earliest days of European settlement. Originally brought to Arkansas in large numbers as slaves, people of African ancestry drove the state’s plantation economy until long after the Civil War. African Americans have exerted a profound influence upon all aspects of the state’s history and culture.

Atlanta was the home of Martin Luther King Jr. and an important place in the Civil Rights Movement. It has been referred to as a "black mecca".

Delaware has a significant African American population. African Americans were enslaved in the state. In 1721, an estimated 2,000-5,000 black slaves lived in Pennsylvania and the three lower counties on the Delaware.

As of the 2010 U.S. Census, African Americans were 31.2% of Georgia's population.

The first black people to live in Texas were Afro-Mexicans when Texas was a Spanish colony. Texas has one of the largest African-American populations in the country. African Americans are concentrated in northern, eastern and east-central Texas as well as the Dallas, Houston and San Antonio metropolitan areas. African Americans form 24 percent of both the cities of Dallas and Houston, 19% of Fort Worth, 8.1 percent of Austin, and 7.5 percent of San Antonio.

Virginia is home to the longest continuous experience of African American life and culture in the United States spanning more than four centuries – beginning before the first English settlement at Jamestown and through the Revolutionary War, Civil War, Emancipation and the Civil Rights eras.

Outside of the United States, the history of African Americans in Ghana goes back to people such as American civil rights activist and writer W. E. B. Du Bois, who settled in Ghana in the last years of his life and is buried in the capital Accra. Since then, other African Americans who are descended from slaves imported from areas within the present-day jurisdiction of Ghana and neighboring states have applied for permanent resident status in Ghana. As of 2015, the number of African American residents has been estimated at 3,000 people, a large portion of whom live in Accra.

Texas has the largest African American population of any state in 2019. Followed by, Florida, Georgia and New York. The New York City metropolitan area has the largest African American metropolitan population. In 2019, the South had the largest black population by region.

New York City has had the largest number of African Americans by city, followed by Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia and Houston.

African Americans from north are moving back to the Southern United States and the suburbs. African Americans are moving to smaller cities especially in Fort Worth, Texas, Columbus, Ohio, Jacksonville, Florida and Charlotte, North Carolina.

There is an African American community in Arkansas. African Americans make up 15.4 percent of Arkansas's population.

1.2 million African Americans are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgendered.

Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia had the largest black population by percentage in 2020.

Many African Americans have European ancestry and Native American along with African ancestry.

Recent surveys of African Americans using a genetic testing service have found varied ancestries. These studies found that on average, African Americans have 73.2–82.1% West African, 16.7%–24% European, and 0.8–1.2% Native American genetic ancestry, with large variation between individuals.

Genetics websites themselves have reported similar ranges, with some finding 1 or 2 percent Native American ancestry and Ancestry.com reporting an outlying percentage of European ancestry among African Americans of 29%. 38% of African Americans have Irish ancestry.

African American men have the second highest interracial marriage rate, behind Asian American women. Interracial marriage between African Americans and white people has rapidly increased.

Most of the first African Americans were brought to North America as part of the Atlantic slave trade. African slaves were brought to North America from 1619 to 1808. After the United States became independent, slavery became illegal in most northern states. At the same time, slavery grew more important to the economy of the southern states. Many African American slaves worked on plantations (large farms) that grew cotton and tobacco. Plantation work was very difficult and slaves were often whipped and physically punished. It was illegal for slaves to learn how to read and write. White men often raped slave women, but were not punished.

At the same time, there were many free African Americans in the north. Unlike slaves, they were allowed to start churches, write newspapers, and sometimes own property. Frederick Douglass was an important abolitionist (fighter against slavery). Harriet Tubman helped to create the Underground Railroad, which helped African Americans to sneak away from their masters and become free. During the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865, the south broke away from the United States to form the Confederate States of America, or Confederacy. The United States won the war, and in 1865, it freed all slaves (about 4 million) by the 13th amendment.
African Americans were not slaves anymore, but white southerners passed laws called Black Codes that took away their freedom. Some African Americans served in government, but after 1877, the white southerners mostly kept them out of government. Whites founded the Ku Klux Klan to scare African Americans and stop them from voting. Most southern African Americans became sharecroppers. Sharecropping was a system in which the farmers rented the land from the landowner and had to pay the landowner part of their crops. Jim Crow laws segregated white and black people. Black people had to go to different schools and usually live in different neighborhoods than white people. Many businesses were for whites only. The Supreme Court case Plessy v. Ferguson said that black and white facilities could be separate but equal, but facilities for black people were usually worse. Lynching was often practiced against African Americans. White people used lynching to control and terrorize African Americans.

In the early 1900s, African American culture grew with the Harlem Renaissance, an artistic and literary movement in New York City. The NAACP was founded to improve the lives of African Americans. Leaders had different ideas about what was best for African Americans. Booker T. Washington thought they should go to vocational schools to get better jobs. W.E.B. Du Bois thought university education was more important. Marcus Garvey believed that African Americans should move to Africa to have a country of their own. During the Great Migration, from the 1910s to the 1960s, African Americans moved from the south to cities in the north and west. At the beginning, only 10% of African Americans lived outside the south, but by the end, 47% lived in the north and west. Segregation also existed in the north. Redlining stopped people who lived in African American neighborhoods from buying homes.

In the 1950s and 1960s, the Civil Rights Movement called for equality between African Americans and whites. The 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education banned racial segregation in schools. Many Southern schools still stopped black students from attending, until 1957, when federal troops forced a school in Little Rock, Arkansas to allow black students (called the Little Rock Nine). In 1955, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a segregated bus. This started the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which involved Martin Luther King. King and Malcolm X were two leaders of the Civil Rights Movement, but they were both killed in the 1960s. In 1964, the Civil Rights Act banned discrimination based on race.

Racism against African Americans is still prevalent in 2020. In 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, George Floyd was killed by a white police officer. Black Lives Matter is a movement which started in 2013.

With their American born children came the first generation of English speaking African Americans. But this development was not the same all over the country. For example; even today the Gullah of the Sea Islands off the Carolina and Georgia coasts still speak a language that is a blend of several African languages. They are the descendants of slaves from different countries in Africa.

In the United States when Americans say African-American or Black, they are referring to the same people. Both terms describe an ethnic group that came to exist in the United States. The Africans who were brought to America as slaves were from different nationalities and did not all speak the same language. They became a new blended ethnic group with a new language that was not their own: English.

Blacks used to be segregated in schools but since the 1960s were able to join major schools, colleges and universities. In the second half of the 20th century, reading-ability rates for blacks increased.

In Louisiana, Some blacks speak Louisiana Creole, a Creole language similar to French. In the 19th century, the majority of south Louisiana's blacks spoke Louisiana Creole.

African American slaves spoken English, Spanish, Portuguese and Dutch along with their own African languages. They would communicate with White people with European languages European colonizers brought to Africa.

Black culture in the United States is influenced by African, European and Native American cultures. African Americans have influenced various forms of music, including Hip hop, R&B, funk, rock and roll, soul, blues, and other contemporary American musical forms while older black forms of music included blues, doo-wop, barbershop, ragtime, bluegrass, jazz, and gospel music. Michael Jackson, an African-American pop singer, released an album called "Thriller" in 1982 which is the best-selling album of all time. In the nineties Beyonce Knowles became famous as the lead singer of the R&B girl band Destiny's Child. In the 2000s she started releasing music on her own. Her first album "Dangerously in Love" sold 11 million copies and won five Grammy Awards.

Black culture has been the subject of documentaries. For example, the award-winning "Black Is, Black Ain't" explores black identity. "Good Hair" discusses the significance of having 'good hair' for black women in American culture.

There is a National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington D.C.

Protestant Christianity is the most practised religion by African Americans.

Soul food is a cuisine eaten by African Americans in the South. Fried chicken, mac and cheese, cornbread, collard greens and candied yams is typical soul food. Soul food has West African, English, French, Caribbean, and Native American influences. African Americans have influenced American cuisine. Staples such as coffee, peanuts, millet, okra, sorghum, watermelon, and yams were brought to America from Africa during the slave trade. African slaves have influenced American dishes such as gumbo and jambalaya. Soul food originated from slavery when European (white) slave owners would feed black people the offal.

Kwanzaa and Juneteenth are popular African American holidays.

White people often considered black people inferior.

African Americans are more likely to experience racism. African American males are more likely to be killed by police, which resulted in the Black Lives Matter movement. African Americans are more likely to die from diseases like COVID-19, HIV, obesity and diabetes. African Americans still suffer from poverty and unemployment. African Americans are more likely to eat fast food. Heart disease, diabetes, cancer, and homicide is the main causes of death for African Americans.

The suicide rate for African Americans increased due to racism, police brutality and the COVID-19 pandemic.

In 2022, a white gunman killed ten African Americans at a grocery store in Buffalo, New York. 32% of African Americans said they worry every day that they might be threatened or attacked because of their race.

African Americans have a harder time getting good jobs because of their race.

55% of African American adults have high blood pressure.

African Americans are more likely to become homeless than whites. African Americans make up 40 percent of the homeless population in the United States.

African Americans are more likely to get punished and arrested for drugs such as marijuana than whites.

African Americans are more likely to experience hunger and lack of access to food.

African Americans are more likely to catch monkeypox and less likely to receive vaccines for the disease.

Colorism is also prevalent in the black community today. Lighter skinned blacks and mixed race blacks are often treated better than dark skinned blacks. Colorism originated during slavery. White slave masters treated mixed-race slaves better than monoracial dark skinned black slaves. Light skinned black slaves were thought of as more intelligent and beautiful.



Pol Pot

Saloth Sar (better known as Pol Pot; January 25, 1925 – April 15, 1998) was the dictator of Cambodia between 1975 and 1979. He was widely regarded as one of the most brutal dictators in world history. He was the leader of a group called the Khmer Rouge. They were a group of peasant revolutionaries who turned Cambodia into a military dictatorship officially called Democratic Kampuchea. Between 1.7 and 2.2 million Cambodians were killed by his regime. Pol Pot was thrown out of power in January, 1979, when the Vietnamese communists liberated Kampuchea.

Pol Pot's family was a good family and connected with the royal family. His brother, Loth Suong, was a palace clerk, and his cousin was a wife to Prince Sisowat Monivong and had a son named Kossarak. His connection helped him get a scholarship to France.

His father's name was Pen Saloth and his mother's name was Sok Nem. Pol Pot had eight siblings. His family was thriving, but alone. 
Pol Pot's childhood was fairly normal. Pol Pot's real name is Saloth Sar. His birthday is either 1925 or May 25, 1928. He grew up in a nice place, and his village was about from Kompong Thom's capital city. Kompong Thom was a province of Cambodia. Back then, Cambodia was a colony of France.

In 1949, he went to Paris, France and studied about radio electronics, but got distracted and led astray because of Marxism, which is a form of communism. He didn't study, and his scholarship was taken away. In 1953, he went back to Cambodia and became a communist. The following year, Cambodia became free from France.

In 1962, he became the leader of the Communist Party in Cambodia. This party was illegal and hidden, as the prince, Prince Sihanouk, did not like Pol Pot nor the Communists.

Pol Pot went to the jungle and created a guerrilla force called the Khmer Rouge (the Khmer are the main ethnic group in Cambodia, and "rouge" is French for "red", the colour of Communism). The Khmer Rouge was made of mostly teenagers. Guerilla means that they hid and ambushed people rather than be visible and directly attack their enemies. They were the source of Pol Pot's power.

In 1969-1973 the U.S. bombed Cambodian hiding places. They tried to get rid of the North Vietnamese during the Vietnam War but only drove them deeper into the countryside. The US also made it so that the peasants ran to cities.

In 1970, the U.S. got rid of Prince Sihanouk and unknowingly made Pol Pot more popular. They also made Prince Sihanouk angry, so he joined Pol Pot, but that alliance only gave Pol Pot an advantage. This created a lot of confusion and only made Pol Pot even more popular.

On April 17, 1975, Pol Pot entered Phnom Penh, the capital, and took control. He planned for a "super great leap forward", inspired by Mao's Great Leap Forward in China. The second in command, Noun Chea, also called Brother Number Two, said later that the mass killing was a mistake. Pol Pot took all the city people and drove them towards fields as forced labour, where they worked without rest. A lot of people died on the way to the fields. Even more died in the fields from hunger, thirst, overwork, and sickness. They would only get a 180-gram can of rice every day, and they were harvesting fruits and rice. Every tenth day was a rest day, and so were the festivals. The government took over anything that had to do with money, which was illegal. 

Religion was also illegal. Teenagers had to be part of the army, and children learned how to set land mines and make booby traps. People getting together were not allowed. Only two people or less were allowed to see each other. Marriages were arranged, not because they loved each other, but because they were forced to. They had to marry in big groups. After the Vietnamese and underground Cambodian parties got Pol Pot out of power on 7 January 1979, he went to a zone near Thailand called Pailin and tried to get control of Cambodia again by fighting a ten-year-long guerilla war. Eventually the Khmer Rouge broke up in the early 1990s.

Pol Pot was responsible for the Cambodian genocide, the systematic persecution and killing of Cambodians that the Khmer Rouge regarded as enemies. The genocide, coupled with malnutrition and poor medical care, killed between 1.5 and 2 million people, approximately a quarter of Cambodia's population.

On the evening of April 15, 1998, just 2 days before the anniversary of Khmer Rouge's takeover of Cambodia, on April 17, 1975, Pol Pot died of a possible heart attack in his hut in the jungle. Thayer believed he killed himself with diazepam (Valium) and chloroquine to avoid trial. Pol Pot was cremated without any ceremony.


1800s

The 1800s was the decade that began on January 1, 1800 and ended on December 31, 1809.



Sedan (automobile)

A sedan, or saloon, is an automobile that has a low trunk, a roof and one or two doors on each side. The trunk is reachable only from outside and are taller than a minivan, hatchback, SUV or a station wagon.

The word sedan is used in American English, but in British English such an automobile is called a saloon.

Convertible

A convertible is a car with a roof that can be removed or folded down, but is often seen without a roof. A convertible usually has two doors, but convertibles with four doors can also be found. Some examples are Mazda MX-5, BMW Z4, Ferrari 458 Spyder, Mercedes-Benz SLK Class, etc. A convertible is a type of automobile of various automobile body styles that can convert from open-air (top-down or topless) mode to a provisionally enclosed (roofed or top-up) mode. Convertibles evolved from the earlier Phaeton, a similar vehicle without glass side windows that may or may not have had removable panels of fabric or other material instead to protect passengers from rain and cold, etc. A semi-convertible or cabrio coach is similar to a convertible and also has a retractable or removable top, but has fully framed windows on its side doors as opposed to a convertible's roll-down frameless windows that provide an even more open car driving experience.

Roof designs have varied widely and have evolved from the earliest models, where roofs were demountable and/or detachable. Contemporary roofs are often hinged to fold away, either into a recess behind the rear seats or into the boot or trunk of the vehicle. The roof may operate either manually or automatically via hydraulic or electrical actuators, and the roof itself may be constructed of soft or rigid material. Soft-tops are made of vinyl, canvas or other textile material, while hard-tops are made of steel, aluminum, plastic, or other rigid materials.

The majority of convertible cars are two door models, with markedly fewer four-door models.

Convertibles may also be referred to as cabriolet, roadster, tourer or drophead coupé and the colloquial terms drop top and rag top are also used. Hard-top convertibles may be called coupé cabriolet, coupé convertible, retractable hardtop or, when equipped with two seats, coupé roadster/roadster coupé.

Macy Gray

Macy Gray (born Natalie Renee McIntyre on September 9, 1967) is an American singer and actress. She started her career after moving to Los Angeles in 2000. Gray is best known for her 1999 single, "I Try", which came off of her first album, "On How Life Is".


Citizen Kane

Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama movie starring Orson Welles in his first full-length movie. There are rumors that its story is based on the life of the famous businessmen William Randolph Hearst, Howard Hughes, and Samuel Insull. Welles said that his character, Kane, was based on more than one famous person. In "F for Fake" (1974), he said that Kane was going to be based on Hughes but that Welles became inspired by Hearst.

Welles worked closely with his cinematographer, Gregg Toland, who was in charge of the camera and the lights. Together, they worked on a new style, "deep focus." Usually, if something close to the camera is in focus, everything that is far away is out of focus. In deep focus, every object is in focus at the same time.

Its working title, before the movie was finished, was "RKO 281".

Many have called "Citizen Kane" the best movie of all time. In 1998, it was number one on the American Film Institute's list of 100 Years... 100 Movies.

It is in some ways is like "The Power and the Glory" (1933).

The last living crew member was director Robert Wise. Also known for making "The Sound of Music" (1965), he died on September 14, 2005.


Sedan

Sedan can mean any of a few things:

List of Nobel Prize winners in Physics

The Nobel Prize in Physics is a Nobel Prize in the science of physics.

Some famous winners are:




Dynamite

Dynamite is an explosive invented by Alfred Nobel, the creator of the Nobel Prize. Its main explosive component is nitroglycerin. Nitroglycerin is very sensitive to movement. It explodes very easily when it is moved. For this reason, it is absorbed into diatomaceous earth to make it less sensitive. Diatomaceous earth is a soft, sedimentary rock made of fossil diatoms. About one-quarter of dynamite is diatomaceous earth, the other three-quarters are nitroglycerin. A little sodium carbonate is added to stabilize the mixture. 

Even though the diatomaceous earth takes away some of the dangers of nitroglycerin, there are still problems because the mixture is not stable in damp environments. Water causes the nitroglycerin to leak away. The nitroglycerin can build up, and explode unexpectedly. 

For this reason, the formulation was changed. Instead of diatomaceous earth, gelignite was used to hold the nitroglycerin. Gelignite holds the nitroglycerin so that it cannot dissolve in water. 

Today, dynamite is not much used. It has been replaced by explosives based on ammonium nitrate which use gelignite. These explosives cost less to make and are easier to handle than dynamite. However, works of fiction still show people using dynamite.

Oliver &amp; Company

Oliver & Company is a 1988 American animated musical movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 27th Disney animated movie. The movie is loosely based on the famous Charles Dickens novel "Oliver Twist". The novel has been adapted many other times for the screen and television. In the movie, Oliver is a homeless kitten who joins a gang of dogs to survive in the streets. Among other changes, the setting of the movie moved from 19th century London to modern-day New York City, Fagin's gang is made up of dogs (one of which is Dodger), and Sykes is a loan shark.

"Oliver & Company" was released on November 18, 1988. This was the same day that "The Land Before Time", another American animated movie, was released. "Oliver & Company" was a success at the box office, but received mixed reviews from movie critics. The movie was re-released in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom on March 29, 1996. It was then released on home video later that same year. It was released on DVD in 2002. It was re-released on DVD in 2009 as a 20th Anniversary Edition. A 25th Anniversary Edition Blu-ray of the movie was released in 2013.

Oliver, an orange orphan cat, is lost in New York City. A street-smart dog named Dodger finds him. Dodger tricks Oliver into getting some sausages for him (from a hot dog seller named Louie). Dodger leaves the cat behind and runs to the barge of his poor owner, Fagin. Inside the barge are four other dogs. They are Tito the chihuahua, Einstein the Great Dane, Rita the Afghan Hound, and the Francis the Bulldog. Oliver breaks in, and is questioned by the other dogs. He tells them that he followed Dodger because he wanted a fair share of the sausages. Dodger starts fighting with Tito. Francis and Einstein join the fight. Fagin breaks it up. Fagin is in trouble with a loan shark named Sykes, because he owes Sykes money. Sykes says that Fagin has to pay the money within three days. In order to get the money, Fagin, his dogs, and Oliver set out into the city streets the next day. While the poor man is unlucky trying to sell his useless stuff, the animals encounter a limousine that is driven by Winston, a butler. They put on an act to get his attention. After trying to take apart the limousine's dashboard, Tito gets "barbecued". Oliver is tangled up in the wires nearby. Jenny, a rich little girl who Winston is taking care of while her parents are away on a trip in Italy, decides to adopt Oliver. She takes him home at Fifth Avenue. She promises that they will be "good company" forever. The next morning, Fagin's dogs break into the family's house in order to get Oliver back to their barge. This upsets the family's spoiled and selfish pet poodle, Georgette. However, she lets them take Oliver, because she is jealous of the attention he gets from Jenny. When they arrive back at the barge, Oliver explains that he misses Jenny. This upsets Dodger, because he feels like Oliver does not care about being in their gang anymore. Fagin, however, realizes that Oliver is his best hope, because of the gold tag on his collar. Fagin writes a random note to the "very rich cat owner person" at Oliver's address in hopes of getting Sykes's money on time. Jenny reads the note after she comes home from school. She and Georgette go to the docks to get Oliver back. Jenny gets him back, thanks to Fagin. However, Sykes kidnaps her for the sake of the ransom that Fagin has to pay within 12 hours. Oliver and Dodger go after her and battle Sykes' Dobermanns Roscoe and DeSoto, who fall off the car and are electrocuted on the third rail of the New York City Subway. Fagin leaves Tito to drive and saves Jenny, while Dodger and Oliver are thrown from Sykes' car onto the pavement of the Brooklyn Bridge just before an oncoming train strikes and kills Sykes. The next day, Jenny celebrates her birthday with Oliver, Fagin, the dogs, and Winston. In the end, Oliver decides to stay with Jenny. Dodger promises him a special place in the gang, as "vice president". Dodger and the gang all return home with Fagin.


Additional voices were provided by Deborah Gates, Jack Angel, Charles Bartlett, Bob Bergen, Jonathan Brandis, Steve Bulen, Corey Burton, Tim Curry, Marcia Delmar, Debi Derryberry, Victor di Mattia, Judi Durand, Trevor Eyster, Bill Farmer, Greg Finley, Pat Fraley, John Goodman, Javier Grajeda, Robert S. Halligan Jr., Jerry Hall, Jess Harnell, Jo Ann Harris, Rosanna Huffman, Barbara Iley, Harvey Jason, Karen Kamōn, Kaleena Kiff, Carol King, Marylee Kortes, Rocky Krakoff, David Lasley, Christina MacGregor, Tress MacNeille, Danny Mann, David McCharan, John McCurry, Mickie McGowan, Arlin L. Miller, Laraine Newman, Nancy Parent, Phil Proctor, Whitney Rydbeck, Gary Schwartz, Vernon Scott, Penina Segall, Tom Righter Snow, Steve Susskind and Eugene van Buren.

For "Oliver & Company", Disney invested $15 million into a long-term computer system called Computer Animation Production System, otherwise known as CAPS. Unlike "The Black Cauldron" and "The Great Mouse Detective", which used computer imagery for special sequences, 11 minutes of "Oliver & Company" were computer-generated such as the skyscrapers, the taxi cabs, trains, Fagin's scooter-cart, and the climactic subway chase.

The instrumental score for "Oliver & Company" was composed by J. A. C. Redford. The movie's music was supervised by Carole Childs. The first song heard in the movie, "Once Upon a Time in New York City", was written by lyricist Howard Ashman. Billy Joel, in addition to voicing Dodger, performed the character's song in the movie.

The track list below represents the 1996 re-release of the "Oliver & Company" soundtrack. The original 1988 release had the same songs, but with the instrumental cues placed in between the songs in the order in which they appeared in the movie. Using the numbering system in the list below, the order the tracks on the 1988 release would be: 1, 2, 6, 7, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11.



On April 2, 2021, Paramount Pictures announced work on a hand-drawn animation movie with Paramount Animation producing, titled "Oliver & Jenny". It is unknown if the film is still in production, but it is highly unlikely. The film franchise was originally in development at Walt Disney Pictures as a Walt Disney Animation Studios film but was changed to a Paramount Pictures due to 21st Century Fox has been Acquired by Disney, release before completion. Additionally, while Paramount Pictures, Walt Disney Pictures nor Walt Disney Animation Studios are never explicitly credited, the Paramount Pictures production logo appears at the beginning of the film.


Vince Lombardi

Vincent Thomas Lombardi (June 11, 1913, in Brooklyn, New York, USA–September 3, 1970) was an American football coach that never had a losing season. Lombardi was named NFL Man of the Decade in the 1960s, and won five NFL championships, including winning the first two Super Bowls.

The yearly trophy given to the Super Bowl champion was renamed the "Vince Lombardi Trophy" ("right") in 1971, the same year Lombardi was named to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was head coach of the Green Bay Packers and the Washington Redskins.


Guano

Guano is the excrement of bats and birds. This excrement is exceptionally high in nitrogen, phosphate, and potassium, three nutrients which are essential for plant growth. Therefore, it is often used as fertilizer, to make plants grow more quickly.


1790s

The 1790s was a decade that began on 1 January 1790 and ended on 31 December 1799.





Triple point

The triple point of any substance is the combination of temperature and pressure at which it exists in its solid, liquid, and gaseous state all at once, in equilibrium.

The temperature of the triple point of water is a commonly used physical constant which is used to define temperature scales and calibrate temperature-measuring systems.

"By definition", the temperature of the triple point of water is 273.16 Kelvin, 0.01°C, or 32.018°F at a pressure of 611.5 Pa (less than 1% of atmospheric pressure). One degree Celsius is defined as 1/273.16 part of the triple point of water. This fixes the temperature scale as defined in the ITS 90, which is the international temperature scale of 1990. This scale is developed as a practical approximation of the thermodynamical temperature scale.

Frequency

Frequency is how often an event repeats itself over a set amount of time.

In physics, the frequency of a wave is the number of wave crests that pass a point in one second (a wave crest is the peak of the wave).

Hertz (symbol Hz) is the unit of frequency.

The relationship between frequency and wavelength is expressed by the formula: 

formula_1

where v is speed and formula_2 (lambda) is wavelength. The formula for the frequency of light waves is formula_3 where the c is the speed of light.

All electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light in a vacuum but they travel at slower speeds when they travel through a medium that is not a vacuum. Other waves, such as sound waves, travel at much much lower speeds and can not travel through a vacuum.

Examples of electromagnetic waves are: light waves, radio waves, infrared radiation, microwaves, and gamma waves.

Different types of electromagnetic waves have different frequencies.

One way to visualize this is if there were two trains traveling at the same speed, but the size of the train cars was smaller on one train than the other. If someone picked something that was not moving, like a signpost, and then counted how many train cars passed the sign post in one second for each train, they would know the frequency of cars passing in each train. The number and frequency of train cars passing the sign post would be different, because the train with smaller train cars would have more train cars passing the sign post in a second than the train with larger train cars. Knowing how many cars passed the sign post in one second, and knowing the speed of the train, one could figure out mathematically the size of each train car for each train.

For example, if the train was moving at 10 miles per second, and 10 train cars passed in one second, then each train car would be 1 mile long. If the other train was also moving at 10 miles per second and 20 train cars passed in one second, then one would know that each train car was 1/2 of a mile long for that train. This example shows that knowing the frequency of an electromagnetic wave gives you the wavelength, since all electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light so that c = v (lambda) where v is frequency and lambda is wavelength, and c is the speed of light. Therefore, another way of expressing frequency is to say "frequency is c over lambda."

Hockey stick

A hockey stick is a long, wooden pole used to push, pass, or shoot in the sports of ice hockey and field hockey. The art of developing ice hockey sticks is a complex science and has become big business. Ice hockey sticks are mostly made of composite materials and they have different "flexes", meaning some sticks are more flexible than others.
In ice hockey, the end or "blade" of the stick is normally curved, to help the player get better control of the puck and better shots at the goaltender. The goaltender has a bigger blade, to make it easier to stop shots. Players sometimes use hockey sticks to hold back the bodies of other players, or to trip or hit them; sometimes players who do this get penalties. In field hockey, sticks are shorter, but the blade is thicker, than in ice hockey. It is used to move a ball instead of a puck. More research has gone into studying how hockey sticks perform. The main difference between the two sticks is how they are used in the games.

All the players in both ice and field hockey use hockey sticks.

<br>

Snoop Dogg

Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. (born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg, is an American rapper and actor.
He became known as one of the popular gangsta rappers during the 1990s. Snoop Dogg has also appeared in many movies and television shows throughout his career.

The reason why he is called "Snoop Dogg" is because his mother nicknamed him after a character called "Snoopy". Snoop Dogg was a fan of the "Peanuts" cartoon, which has the Snoopy character. Snoop Dogg sang in his church choir and played piano as a child. Snoop Dogg's brother, Bing Worthington, was a bad influence for him. He began smoking when he was in the sixth grade. As a young adult, he was involved in gang activity. He was arrested, convicted and put in prison for possession of illegal drugs.

At the beginning of his career, Broadus performed under the stage name Snoop Doggy Dogg. He first appeared on Dr. Dre's first solo album, "The Chronic", released in 1992. Later in 1993, Snoop Dogg released his first album "Doggystyle". The album became successful.

In 1996, his second album, Tha Doggfather, was released. Although the album met with positive acclaim, it was not as successful as his first album.

In 2004, his album "R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece" was released and featured the hit single “Drop It Like It's Hot”. The single became Snoop Dogg's first number one single on the Billboard Hot 100.

In 2012, Snoop Dogg went to Jamaica. He studied the Rastafari movement. He changed his name to Snoop Lion, after the Lion of Judah. This is a name from the tribe of Judah. It is sometimes used to describe Haile Selassie, who is worshipped by Rastafarians. "Reincarnated", released in 2013, is his first reggae album.

In 2018, Snoop Dogg released his first gospel album, "Bible of Love". It features appearances from Patti LaBelle, Fred Hammond, Rance Allen, Charlie Wilson, and others. On February 13, 2022, Snoop Dogg performed at the Super Bowl LVI halftime show. Later, he released the album, "BODR" (Bacc on Death Row).

Studio albums

Collaboration albums


Malayan tiger

The Malayan tiger ("Panthera tigris jacksoni") is a subspecies of the tiger that was discovered in 2004. People used to think they were Indo-Chinese tigers, But now they have their own subspecies. They have the same length and weight as the Indo-Chinese tiger. They live in southern Malaysia and they are an endangered species.


Caspian tiger

The Caspian tiger ("Panthera tigris virgata") is an extinct sub subspecies of the tiger. It was the most western subspecies of the tiger, very close to Europe. They became extinct in the 1970s. They were found in Turkey, Armenia, Iraq, Azerbaijan, Iran, Mongolia, and Georgia.

Recent research by scientists looking at the tiger's DNA, have found that it is almost identical to the Siberian tiger. They now believe that the two species of tiger may not have become separate until the 1900s.

The Caspian tiger was the third largest of the tiger species with male specimens weighing between 204-249 kgs (450-550 lbs) and was 1.4 meters tall (4'6 ft) and was 2.4 meters (8 ft). It had small, short ears. The color was different from other tiger subspecies, with yellow to gold fur with light to dark brown stripes. The chest and stomach area are white with yellow stripes. In winter it grew longer fur. It was the furriest of all the tiger subspecies.

String instrument

A string instrument is a musical instrument that makes sound by vibrating the strings on it. The strings are plucked to produce sounds. Each string has a different frequency. The desired frequency can be obtained by adjusting the tension on the string. A string instrument plays soft notes. The strings on the instrument usually come in many shapes and forms. There are many types of stringed instruments. The most common of these appear in the violin family. The violin is a small, stringed instrument played with a bow, usually made of horse's hair. When the bow is drawn across the strings it creates a vibration. You can select what vibration the bow makes by choosing the note on the fingerboard. It is tuned to G, D, A and E. The viola is a very similar instrument aside from some small differences - it is slightly larger, and is tuned to C, G, D, and A. The cello is a stringed instrument that is played in the bass clef. It is much bigger than the violin, and is also played much differently. The double-bass is bigger still and is the lowest of them all. 

There are also plucked strings, the most famous of which would probably be the guitar. The guitar uses a fret board and a pick to pluck the strings while holding down on the fret board. It was made famous by rock groups like Led Zeppelin and artists like Eric Clapton. You play by strumming with one hand while choosing notes on the fret-board (string board) with the other. Banjos are also very similar.

Here is a very basic list of some of the most common stringed instruments:



Yankee Doodle Dandy

Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 biographical musical movie. It starred James Cagney as George M. Cohan.

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner

Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama movie, starring Spencer Tracy (in his final film role), Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier and Katharine Houghton. It centers around what happens between a young white woman and her parents, after she falls in love with a black man in San Francisco.

Bringing Up Baby

Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 American comedy movie starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn and directed by Howard Hawks. It is set in Connecticut.

The Searchers

The Searchers is a 1956 epic western movie set in Texas in the 1860s. it is directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne, about a man looking for his niece who was taken by Native Americans. It is also one of the movies that influenced "Star Wars".

Goodfellas

Goodfellas is a 1990 American biographical crime movie directed by Martin Scorsese. It is about life in the Mafia.

It gained six nominations for Oscars. It won one (for Joe Pesci's role). Many people thought the movie was great.

It is set in New York City. The movie is based on the life of mafioso Henry Hill (1943-2012) from 1955 - 1980. "Goodfellas" uses information from New York crime reporter Nicholas Pileggi's book "Wiseguy". Scorsese and Pileggi worked together to write the movie.

"Goodfellas" was first shown at the 1990 Venice Film Festival. Scorsese received the Silver Lion award for Best Director.

Director David Chase said the movie made him want to make the HBO television series "The Sopranos".

Soldier

A soldier is a person who is a part of an army. A soldier can be forced to join the army or volunteer to join.

There are many different types of soldiers: troopers, tankers, commandos, dragoons, infantrymen, guardians, artillerymen, paratroopers, grenadiers, rangers, snipers, engineers, sappers, craftsmen, signallers, medics, and gunners.

In many countries there are soldiers that have special names for other reasons. For example, military police personnel in the British Army are called "red caps" because their caps are red.



Yellowstone River

The Yellowstone River is a river in the northwestern part of the United States. It is a tributary of the Missouri River and flows through the states of Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota. It also flows through Yellowstone National Park and feeds Yellowstone Lake. 

The Yellowstone River was first explored in 1806 by William Clark during the return trip of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.


Toy

A toy is something to play with. Toys are for children, adults, and animals. Before 1970, most toys were made of metal and wood. Now, they are mostly made of plastic. Sometimes they are made of electronic material. Some people also consider video games toys. Toys include balls, plastic cars, and dolls. They also can be sex related products.

Toys originated many years ago. Dolls of infants, animals, and soldiers and toy tools are found in archaeological places. The origin of the word "toy" is not known. However, it is thought that it was first used in the 14th century.

The earliest toys were made from rocks, sticks or clay. In Ancient Egypt, children played with dolls made of clay and sticks. In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, children played with dolls made of wax or terracotta, sticks, bows and arrows, and yo-yos. Later these developmental games were used in creation of indoor playsets for homes. When Greek children, especially girls became adults, it was required to sacrifice the toys to the gods. On the eve of their wedding, young girls around fourteen would offer their dolls in a temple as a rite of passage into adulthood.

Unicorn

A unicorn is a legendary and mythical creature. It looks like a pony with one long, single and white horn on its head. The word "unicorn" means "one-horned". It comes from the Latin word "ūnus", which means "one", and "cornu" which means "horn", which term is in itself borrowed from the earlier Greek word "monokerōs" (also 'one horned').

Unicorns are found in many stories and myths from different parts of the world, especially China and India. Its blood and horn usually have mystical powers. In Western culture, its horn is said to have power (often called "alicorn" in medieval literature) to heal wounds and sickness, and to neutralize poison.

In mythology and heraldry unicorn symbolizes innocence, purity and feminine power. It is often seen as the counterpart of lion, which symbolizes the masculine virtues.

The unicorn is the official animal of Scotland.

In some pictures unicorns also have horses feet or a lion's tail. 

A Narwhal is an animal that is about 8 feet long. They live in the water around Canada and Greenland. Narwhal’s horns were said to be the horns of unicorns by some. People would sell the horn of a narwhal to others and say it was a horn of a unicorn.
Christian legends say the Unicorn is as small as a normal sized goat. They are so fearful that no hunter can catch them. Only a maiden that goes into the forest alone can catch a unicorn. The unicorn will come and fall asleep in the maiden’s lap. Around the time of the Middle Ages, some stories of unicorns became more popular. People bought what were said to be the horns of a unicorn at very high prices. They were mostly a tusk of a walrus or a horn from a narwhal. 

The term unicorn is also used in business to refer to a business startup valued at a billion dollars or more.

In "On the Nature of Animals" ("Περὶ Ζῴων Ἰδιότητος", "De natura animalium"), Aelian, quoting Ctesias, adds that India has also a one-horned horse (iii. 41; iv. 52), and says (xvi. 20) that the "monoceros" () was sometimes called "cartazonos" (), which may be a kind of the Arabic "karkadann", meaning "rhinoceros".


Radium

Radium is a chemical element. The symbol for radium is Ra, and its atomic number is 88. It was discovered by Marie Curie and Pierre Curie in the form of radium chloride in 1898. It is a slivery-white alkaline earth metal, but it turns black quickly when it is exposed to nitrogen in the air. All isotopes of radium are radioactive. The radioactivity of radium causes it to glow in the dark.

Radium is used in many things, such as glowing watches, which are now banned because they can cause radiation poisoning. Some of the things radium was used for are now made using less dangerous radioactive elements, such as promethium. It can be used in treating cancer.

In nature, radium is found in tiny amounts in uranium and thorium ores. It does not exist naturally inside of people or other living things; it is dangerous when taken in because it takes the same place as calcium.

Radium was discovered by Marie Curie and her husband Pierre Curie on 21 December 1898. They found that some radioactive minerals had unknown compounds left over after removing uranium and barium. The unknown compounds were polonium and radium; the discovery was announced to the French Academy of Sciences on 26 December 1898.

The original unit of measurement for radioactivity was called the curie. The unit was equal to the radioactivity of one gram of radium-226, but later it was changed to 3.7×10 disintegrations per second.

Radium is the heaviest alkaline earth metal and the only radioactive element in the group. It has a silvery-white color, but turns black when it is exposed to air. It is more similar to barium than it is to any other element. It is also similar to barium in the ways it reacts with other things. 

Radium has 33 isotopes. All of these isotopes are radioactive. The isotope which lasts the longest is radium-226: it has a half-life of 1,600 years.

Radium used to be used in glowing paints for watches and other instruments that are used in the dark. Radium stopped being used in the mid-1920s after a lawsuit by five people who were called "Radium Girls". The Radium Girls were told to lick the brushes used to paint with radium, which caused them to ingest radium. This was very dangerous to their health. Ingesting radium in paint caused sores, anemia, and bone cancer in the Radium Girls. The lawsuit caused the dangers of radioactivity to be known by many more people. After the 1960s, radium paint was replaced by less dangerous radioactive paint made from promethium-147 or tritium.

Radium was also used in different things such as toothpaste and food. These products were made illegal after people found out about the dangers of radioactivity.

Radium is not used now in anything except for nuclear reactors. There are safer elements that can be used in all of the same ways radium was used.

Radium is the most toxic radioactive element. It collects in bones when ingested, which causes cancer. However, even just being around radium can cause cancer. Radium creates radon when it decays. This is even more dangerous, because radon is a gas.

Marie Curie's death was most likely caused by radium. 

Dhaka

Dhaka is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. Dhaka is a megacity, and has a population of 10.2 million residents as of 2022, and a population of over 22.4 million residents in Greater Dhaka. It is widely considered to be one of the most densely populated built-up urban area in the world.

It is located just north of the Buriganga River, a channel of the Dhaleswari River, in the south-central part of the country. Dhaka is Bangladesh’s most populous city and is one of the largest metropolises in South Asia. Pop. (2001) city, 5,333,571; metro. area, 9,672,763; (2011) city, 7,033,075; metro. area, 14,543,124.

It was part of the Mughal Empire of Hindustan and served as the capital of the empire twice. Once from 1608 to 1639 and once from 1660 to 1704. After that, it became a part of the British Raj. Then it became a part of Pakistan as part of the Partition of India on 15 August 1947. Bangladesh was then called East Pakistan, and Dacca (Dhaka) became provincial capital of East Pakistan. In 1971, the new nation of Bangladesh was created.

Dhaka is home to Bangladesh Bank which is the country's central bank. Many multinational companies have offices in the city. The Dhaka Stock Exchange is one of the largest stock exchanges in South Asia.

The Bangabhaban in Dhaka is the official residence and workplace of the President of Bangladesh. It is also home to the National Parliament House.

There are 52 universities in Dhaka. Dhaka College was started in 1841, making it the oldest institution for higher education in the city.
<mapframe latitude="23.761466" longitude="90.387955" zoom="10" width="200" height="100" align="right" />Dhaka’s name is said to refer to the dhak tree, once common in the area, or to Dhakeshwari (“The Hidden Goddess”), whose shrine is located in the western part of the city. Although the city’s history can be traced to the 1st millennium CE, the city did not rise to prominence until the 17th century, when it served as the capital of the Muslim Mughal dynasty of Bengal province (1608–39 and 1660–1704). It was the center of a flourishing sea trade, attracting English, French, Armenian, Portuguese, and Dutch traders.

Historic buildings of the Muslim period include Lal Bagh fort (1678) and its tomb of Bibi Pari (died 1684), wife of a governor of Bengal; the Bara Katra (great caravansary, a building historically used for sheltering caravans and other travelers; 1664); the Chhota Katra (small caravansary; 1663); and Husayni Dalan (a religious monument of the Shīʿite branch of Islam; 1642). Other 17th-century buildings include the Hindu Dhakeshwari temple and Tejgaon church, built by the Portuguese.

With the removal of the provincial capital to Murshidabad (1704) and the weakening of the muslin industry, Dhaka entered a period of decline. It passed under British control in 1765 and was constituted a municipality in 1864, but it continued to lose prominence until it was designated the capital of Eastern Bengal and Assam province (1905–12). During the early 20th century Dhaka served as a commercial center and seat of learning. Following the end of British rule, when the region became a part of Pakistan, it was named the capital of East Bengal province (1947) and of East Pakistan (1956). Dhaka suffered heavy damage during the war of independence in 1971 but emerged as the capital of Bangladesh.

It has one of the best schools for students to study in and it is a very educational city. Dhaka has the largest number of schools, colleges and universities of any Bangladeshi city. The education system is divided into 5 levels: Primary (from grades 1 to 6), Junior (from grades 6 to 8), Secondary (from grades 9 to 10), Higher Secondary (from grades 11 to 12) and tertiary.[98] The five years of Primary education concludes with a Primary School Completion (PSC) Examination, the three years of Junior education concludes with Junior School Certificate (JSC) Examination, and next two years of Secondary education concludes with a Secondary School Certificate (SSC) Examination. Students who pass this examination proceed to two years of Higher Secondary or intermediate training, which culminate in a Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) Examination.[98] Education is mainly offered in Bengali, but English is also widely taught and used. Many Muslim families send their children to attend part-time courses or even to pursue full-time religious education alongside other subjects, which is imparted in Bengali and Arabic in schools, colleges and madrasas.Dhaka College is the oldest institution for higher education in the city and among the earliest established in British India, founded in 1841. Since independence, Dhaka has seen the establishment of numerous public and private colleges and universities that offer undergraduate and graduate degrees as well as a variety of doctoral programmes.

Since its establishment as the capital city, the population, area, and social and economic diversity of Dhaka have grown tremendously. Together with its river port of Narayanganj, 10 miles (16 km) to the south, Dhaka now is one of the most densely industrialized regions in the country. Traditional products include "jamdani" (fine-quality muslin), embroidery, silk, and jewelry. Among the city’s major industries are jute processing and the manufacture of chemicals, pharmaceuticals, textiles, leather goods, ceramics, and electronics products. A strong export-oriented garment industry emerged in the late 20th century.

The area around Dhaka consists of a level plain bounded by the Meghna, Padma (Ganges [Ganga]), and Jamuna (Brahmaputra) rivers. The plain is crossed by a network of streams and rivers, the chief being the Dhaleswari, Buriganga, and Sitalakhya. Important crops are rice, jute, sugarcane, and oilseeds; there is also some cattle farming.

The city contains several universities, among which the University of Dhaka (1921), the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (1962), and Jahangirnagar University (1970) are prominent. Dhaka is also home to numerous government colleges, a nuclear-science training and research centre, the national library, a museum, and the national art gallery. In addition, the area includes the site of the ancient city of Vikramapura, former capital of the Pala rulers of Bengal (8th–12th century). Among Dhaka’s more recent buildings of note are the Star Mosque (Tara Masjid), built in the Mughal architectural style in the early 19th century with later renovations; Curzon Hall at the University of Dhaka, erected at the beginning of the 20th century, combining Mughal and European influences; and the National Assembly Building (Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban), designed by architect Louis I. Kahn and completed in 1982.


After years of negotiations, the Dhaka-Agartala bus was agreed upon on July 11, 2001. The bus connects Bangladesh with its eastern neighbor, the Indian state of Tripura. Tripura has a substantial Bengali population and indigenous peoples who have close commercial and cultural links with the people of eastern Bangladesh.


Darwin, Northern Territory

Darwin () is the territorial capital of the Northern Territory in Australia. The city has about 147,000 people living there. The city is named after Charles Darwin. A member of the crew of the ship that started a port there in 1839 named it Port Darwin in honour of Darwin, who had sailed on that same ship earlier.

Most of Darwin has been built since 1974, when Cyclone Tracy ripped through and destroyed the city. Since then, the city has recovered. It is a very important port, because it is on the coast closest to Indonesia and the rest of Asia. Darwin also has a large military base.

Darwin also has many Indigenous Australians living in the city, about 9.7% of the people. This is more than any other state capital in Australia.

Northern Territory

The Northern Territory is a territory of Australia. The capital city is Darwin. Other large towns in the Territory include Alice Springs, Katherine and Tennant Creek.

The Northern Territory has large areas of desert. It has many important places such as "Uluru", or "Ayers Rock". The rock is sacred to the native people.

Kakadu National Park is a World Heritage area. It has been lived in for more than 40,000 years. There are cave paintings, rock carvings and archaeological sites. These show the skills and way of life of the people who have lived there. The park has different ecosystems, including tidal flats, floodplains, lowlands and rocky gorges. It provides a place to live for a wide range of rare types of plants and animals.

The floral emblem of the Northern Territory is Sturt's Desert Rose, Gossypium sturtianum. The flower is also featured on the Territory's flag. It was named after explorer Charles Sturt who found the plant in creeks near the site of Broken Hill, New South Wales in 1844.
The Fauna emblem is the Red Kangaroo.

Whiskey Rebellion

The Whiskey Rebellion was a rebellion against the federal government of the United States. Some farmers in western Pennsylvania rebelled against the United States government in 1794 because they believed that a new tax on whiskey was not fair. Selling whiskey was how people traded in western Pennsylvania, but farmers elsewhere did not need to sell whiskey. 

The United States had borrowed a large amount of money for the American Revolutionary War, and Alexander Hamilton offered the idea to try to pay the war debt. The government under George Washington, with advice from Alexander Hamilton, quickly stopped the rebellion. Washington and Hamilton wanted to ensure that no one would question the power of the federal government and so Washington himself led almost 13,000 troops to stop the rebellion of a few hundred farmers. The rebels went home before the army arrived.

The new federal government became more solid and the president more powerful. Numerous examples of resistance are recorded in court documents and newspaper accounts.

That is the only time in American history that a president has led the army by himself.

Saginaw, Michigan

Saginaw is a city in mid-Michigan, United States. It had about 44,000 people in the city as of the 2020 census. It is very cold there in the winter. It is near Bay City, Michigan.

Tom Cruise

Thomas Cruise Mapother IV (; born July 3, 1962) is an American actor and producer. He has starred in many movies, including "War of the Worlds" and "Jerry Maguire". He is one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood.

His first movie was "Endless Love". His first leading role was in the movie "Risky Business" and later in "Top Gun." He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards. These were for the same movies: "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), "Jerry Maguire" (1996), and "Magnolia" (1999). He is known for playing the lead role Ethan Hunt in six "Mission Impossible" films. Other key films are "Vanilla Sky" (2001), "Minority Report" (2002), "The Last Samurai" (2003), "Collateral" (2004), "War of the Worlds" (2005), "Knight and Day" (2010), "Jack Reacher" (2012), "Oblivion" (2013), "Edge of Tomorrow" (2014), "The Mummy" (2017), and "" (2022).

Tom Cruise was born in Syracuse, New York. He is the son of Mary Lee, a special education teacher, and Thomas Cruise Mapother III (died 1984), an electrical engineer. Cruise has three sisters, Lee Anne, Marian, and Cass. Cruise's surname originates from his great grandfather, born Thomas Cruise O'Mara, who was renamed "Thomas Cruise Mapother" (Mapother is a Welsh surname). Cruise is of Irish, German and English ancestry. One of his paternal great grandfather, Patrick Russell Cruise, was born in North County Dublin, in 1799 he married Teresa Johnson in Warrenstown House, County Meath, in 1825. They left Ireland for America that same year and settled in New York.

Cruise is a Scientologist. He is one of the most famous members of the organization.

Cruise has an adopted daughter and adopted son with his second wife Nicole Kidman. He has a daughter Suri (born April 2006), by Katie Holmes. He and Holmes married in November 2006 and separated in 2012.

Orgy (band)

Orgy is an American alternative metal band. They formed in 1997 in Los Angeles, California. The band's first hit was Blue Monday, which was a remake of a song by 1980s band New Order. The members of the band are: 

Magazine

A magazine is a type of book people read. Magazines are not like regular books. This is because a new version of the magazine is printed many times each year. Magazines are a type of periodical. 

They are called periodicals because versions are published at a fixed frequency. Magazines are printed on paper. People usually need to subscribe to them. An example of a magazine is "Time". There are magazines about many things. 

Magazines are similar to newspapers, but usually the time between new versions is longer. Each one costs more money, and many are in color on every page. Also, sometimes magazines come with little gifts to reward the readers who buy it. 

Zombie

A zombie is a mythical dead person who has returned to life as a walking corpse. Mythical things that have been "re-animated" are called "undead", or "the living dead". The zombie myth came from the Caribbean.

In Haiti people believe that Voodoo sorcerers or 'bokor' can bring dead people back to life, making a zombie. The zombie is under the control of the sorcerer because zombies have no free will. It's believed a zombie is a trapped human soul. If a sorcerer can catch the trapped soul, the sorcerer becomes more powerful.

Wade Davis wrote about zombies in two books, "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1985) and "" (1988). Davis went to Haiti in 1982 and wrote about how a living person can be turned into a zombie by two special powders being rubbed into a wound. The first powder brings a 'deathlike' state because of a certain poison in it, called tetrodotoxin (the same deadly poison found in the Japanese blowfish). At just the right amount, it can make a person almost die, but not quite. The second powder puts the person in a zombie-like state where they seem to have no free will of their own.

Many people outside Haiti do not believe what Davis wrote about, but in Haiti, lots of people believe in the "zombie drugs".

In Mesopotamian mythology, Ishtar, the goddess of love and fertility once said in anger:

In the Middle Ages, many people believed that the souls of the dead could come back as ghosts and haunt the living, often because of a crime that the living person had committed. Sometimes, the ghost could actually take on a physical shape and touch or attack things or people.

Zombies can walk, think (in some cases), and attack living persons. Most zombies eat the brains of living humans. In zombies, the heart, lungs, and a small part of their brain still work. They may react to their environment, but they do not have consciousness. Zombies can use their skeleton and muscles to move. The skin is rotten. Its hair and nails are falling off. Zombies are usually covered in blood. They often have open wounds and are dressed in ripped clothes.

Zombies appear a lot in horror and fantasy films. Normally, the zombie is a mindless, clumsy corpse which eats human flesh. Zombies can not be called cannibals because they do not eat each other, only living humans. The first zombie stories appeared in the 1600s. Since that time, zombies have appeared in lots of books and films. They have become more popular in modern media, such as Capcom's "Resident Evil" series and AMC's "The Walking Dead".

In zombie movies, zombies are almost always:


Orgy

In common use, an orgy is when more than two people have sex together, sometimes also called group sex.
This dates back to prehistoric ages, recorded in many ancient civilizations. 

"Orgy" could also mean any activity done without limits.

Originally, the word comes from Latin. There it referred to a feast (or a banquet) of a rich citizen. When the Romans ate they were almost lying down, and the food was brought to them by slaves. These slaves would also provide the entertainment which usually consisted of music and dancing slaves.

Labradoodle

A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with a Poodle. Labradoodles are now bred worldwide.

Labradoodles are not a considered an official dog breed by most dog expert organizations, such as the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI). The American Kennel Club (AKC )has now created the 'Canine Partners" category to include the Labradoodle and other hybrid breeds for agility and other competitions.

The Labradoodle has a very short but interesting history. The labradoodle originated during the mid-to-late 1980s. A vision-impaired woman needed a good service dog that would not give her husband an allergic reaction. Ms. Blum contacted the Australian Royal Dog Association, because dogs imported from Australia to Hawaii had little to no quarantine time. (Quarantine time is when they isolate an animal from other living things to make sure they don't have any disease)
Coat and saliva samples from more than thirty poodles were sent from Australia to Blum's doctor. Unfortunately, Mr. Blum was allergic to all of the samples. Wally Conron, who worked for Australia’s Royal Guide Association's breeding program, suggested crossing a Labrador retriever and a Standard Poodle and see if one didn't trigger Mr. Blum's symptoms. Conron tried the test cross with a Standard Poodle named "Harley" and a Labrador retriever named "Brandy.” Harley and Brandy had a litter of three puppies. Coat and saliva samples from the puppy's coats were sent to Hawaii. This time, Mr. Blum wasn't allergic to one of them. The puppy also had a good temperament and was very friendly. Conron named the puppy "Sultan". Conron trained Sultan for eighteen months until he was ready to be a good service dog. Sultan was then shipped to his new home. Sultan is the first labradoodle on record.

Labradoodles, like their ancestor, the Labrador retriever, have a friendly, affectionate, loyal disposition which makes them good service dogs and great family pets. Labradoodles are also known for their intelligence. Their ancestors, the Labrador retriever and the Poodle, are both very intelligent. The Labrador retriever is very eager to please and loyal. Labradoodles are also very good around children, and are also very outgoing and self-confident. However, Labradoodles can sometimes get too excited around other dogs. When a Labradoodle runs over to a less sociable dog, the dog might become scared and irritable. Labradoodles should be trained early to have a respect for other animals. Overall, though, Labradoodles have a fantastic temperament.

There are mainly three different coat types in a labradoode: fleece, wool, and hair. The fleece coat is usually wavy and long and has a silky feel to it. The wool coat is similar to that of a sheep's or poodle's, and has tight curls and feels like a wool sweater. The hair coat is straight or slightly and has a wispy look to it. This type of coat is not as allergy friendly, but most people with allergies will be able to tolerate it.
Labradoodles come in almost any coat. The labradoodle can also have what is called "parti" which is when it is a combination of two different colors like an apricot body and then white patches mainly on the feet and chest.

Generally, Labradoodles are usually quite healthy. They have a life expectancy of 12 to 15 years. Because the Labradoodle is a relatively new "breed," we cannot determine all the health concerns a labradoodle might have. Heath concerns that we do know of originate from their ancestors. Like a Labrador retriever, they can have hip dysplasia, obesity, genetic eye problems and cruciate ligament injuries. Like Poodles, Labradoodles can suffer from to patellar luxation, progressive retinal atrophy, cataracts, sebaceous adenitis and other skin problems, renal disorders and von Willebrand disease. Labradoodles have been diagnosed with Addison's disease. Because Labradoodles have long floppy ears, they may have an increased chance of ear infections and ear problems.


Heilongjiang

Heilongjiang is the northeastern-most province in China. It is considered to part of the region known as Manchuria. It is bordered by Russia on the north and east. To the south is Jilin province, and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region lies to the west.

The capital and largest city is Harbin. There had been a considerable foreign population in the region, particularly in Harbin, first by the Russians in the late 19th century, and then by the Japanese in the 20th century.

The land is largely of plains and rolling hills, with relatively few low mountainous areas. The climate is fairly dry with quite cold winters. There are some famous winter "ice festivals" with elaborate snow and ice sculptures.

Heilongjiang Province is divided into 12 municipalities and 1 prefecture.


Jilin

Jilin is one of 3 provinces in the far northeastern part of China, also known as Manchuria. The capital city of Jilin is Changchun (meaning "long spring" in Chinese). It is bordered on the north by Heilongjiang province, to the west by the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region", and to the southwest by Liaoning province. To the southeast lies North Korea.

The terrain and climate are much like that of neighboring Heilongjiang province. Also like its neighboring provinces, one of the main agricultural products is corn, as the climate is too cold (and dry) for satisfactory rice cultivation.

Old was Yemaek, Buyeo, Sushen land. Tang Dynasty was Balhae. Liao Dynasty was circuit. Jin Dynasty split Liang Lu. Yuan Dynasty was Liaoyang Province of Central Secretariat. Ming Dynasty set up Jianzhou as Jurchen land. It was named after Jilin city in territory.

Liaoning

Liaoning is a northeastern province of the People's Republic of China. The capital city of Liaoning province is Shenyang. From 1931 to 1945 Japan ruled Liaoning as part of Manchukuo. It is the southernmost province of Manchuria (the three northeastern most provinces of China), which together, along with the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region", form the entire northeastern part of China. 

Liaoning is bordered on the northeast by Jilin province, and has a coastline along the Yellow Sea to the southeast. Hebei province and Beijing lie to the southwest. The Yalu River marks the border with North Korea. Dalian is a major port city at the southern tip of the Liaodong Peninsula which juts about 100km south into the Yellow Sea. 


Basin

Basin might mean:

Blade

A blade is the flat, sharp part of a tool or weapon used to cut or stab, such as a knife or sword. Most blades have handles. Blades can be used to stab, cut, or separate things. It can also be the top part of grass or the leaf of a plant. Blades come in all different sizes and shapes, sharpness and materials.

Anastacia

Anastacia Lyn Newkirk, best known as Anastacia , (born September 17, 1968) is an American singer, songwriter and stylist.

Anastacia's father was of German ancestry; her mother is of Irish ancestry.

Anastacia has had several health problems in her life. She was diagnosed with Crohn's disease when she was 13. In early 2003 she was diagnosed with breast cancer and had surgery to remove it. She was again diagnosed with breast cancer in early 2013. On October 1, 2013 she told the media that she has had both of her breasts removed.





Key

A key is an object used to open and close locks. Many things have locks, for example, doors. Keys are also used to turn on cars, machines and other things. 

A key is used by placing the key into the slot of the thing you want to unlock.

A key that can open more than one lock (if each lock also has its own key) is called a master key or skeleton key.

The earliest known lock and key device was discovered in the ruins of Nineveh, the capital of ancient Assyria. Locks such as this were later developed into the Egyptian wooden pin lock, which consisted of a bolt, door fixture or attachment, and key. When the key was inserted, pins within the fixture were lifted out of drilled holes within the bolt, allowing it to move. When the key was removed, the pins fell part-way into the bolt, preventing movement.

The warded lock was also present from antiquity and remains the most recognizable lock and key design in the Western world. The first all-metal locks appeared between the years 870 and 900, and are attributed to the English craftsmen. It is also said that the key was invented by Theodorus of Samos in the 6th century BC.

Affluent Romans often kept their valuables in secure locked boxes within their households, and wore the keys as rings on their fingers. The practice had two benefits: It kept the key handy at all times, while signaling that the wearer was wealthy and important enough to have money and jewelry worth securing.



Rat

The rat, is a medium-sized rodent. Rats are omnivores, they eat lots of different types of food. Most rats are in the genus "Rattus". There are about 56 different species of rats.

The best known rats are the black rat ("Rattus rattus"), and the brown rat ("Rattus norvegicus"). These two are known as "Old World rats". The group has its origins in Asia.

Usually rats are bigger than mice. Rats are large muroid rodents, mice are small ones. The muroid family is very large and complex. That means the terms "rat" and "mouse" are nottaxonomically precise. A large muroid will often have "rat" in its name; a small one will often be called "mouse". Besides members of the "Rattus" and "Mus" genera, others sometimes get these names, for example the pack rat and cotton mouse.

Some people keep rats as a pet. They are called fancy rats. Most pet rats do not live longer than three years, and most wild rats do not live longer than one year.

Rats are also used for their meat. Cambodia, Laos, Africa, China and Vietnam eat rat meat.

Other mammals are called "rat" by many people, but those are not true rats, many are not closely related to the true Old World rat. Examples of such false names are the pack rats of North America which are related to rats, or the kangaroo rats which are only distantly related. Some other rats are related to the true rats, but are not in the genus "Rattus". Such an example is the lesser bandicoot rat.

Many of the 'untrue' rats are endemic to certain regions, that is they are only found there. Very often, they live on islands. In many cases, these species are also endangered of disappearing. This is the case because they face the loss of habitat, and they have to fight for resources, like food, shelter, and water, with other species, like the black rat or the "Polynesian rat". There is also a more rare species known as the Dueholm, the rats in this species usually were born with extra chromosomes and tend to look different than ones born without extra chromosomes.

People keep some types of rats as pets called "fancy rats". Fancy rats are domesticated brown rats. People have kept rats as pets since the 19th century. Rats are social and smart animals that can be trained. They also like to play with toys. Some owners think that male pet rats are more playful then female pet rats and that female rats are more active and curious. Pet rats do not act the same as wild rats. They do not have more diseases than other common pets.

Pet rats live 1 to 3 years. Female rats are smaller than male rats. Pet rats have been known to "laugh" when tickled. They can be all one color or have spots or other coloring. Some rats have no hair. These are called hairless rats.

Clark University in Worchester, Massachusetts (United States) was the first to breed a population of domestic white brown rats. They did this to study the effects of diets, amongst other things.

Since then, rats have been used in many experiments. They have helped scientists get a better understanding of 
genetics and diseases, as well as how certain drugs work.

Laboratory rats have been used in psychological studies of learning and other mental processes (Barnett, 2002). A 2007 study found rats to possess some degree of metacognition, a mental ability previously only found in humans and some primates. In general, it has been difficult to measure intelligence in rats. Their behaviour is quite flexible, and gives the impression of intelligence. Flexible behaviour is good for problem-solving and learning.

Domestic rats are very different from wild rats. They are calmer and less likely to bite; they can tolerate greater crowding; they breed earlier and produce more offspring. Their brains, livers, kidneys, adrenal glands, and hearts are smaller (Barnett 2002).

Brown rats are often used as model organisms. Genetic research is usually done with mice. Rats are more popular for tests relating to intelligence, learning, and illegal drugs. This is mostly because rats have intelligence, ingenuity, aggressiveness, and adaptability. Their psychology seems to be very similar to human psychology. Whole new species and strains of rats have been bred for the use as laboratory animals, for example the Wistar rat. Much of the genome of "Rattus norvegicus" has been sequenced.

Rats are opportunists. If they have the choice between a food that will need a fight to get, and another food that will not, they take the food that does not need a fight. For this reason, rats have lived close to humans for a long time. Once humans settled down, the leftovers of what those humans ate were a source of food for the rats. So the rats followed.

Rats are present in almost all settlements. In cities, they often live in the sewers.

Many scientists believe that the bubonic plague was spread through fleas on rats, because that plague is spread by the microorganism (or germ) "Yersinia pestis", which lives on fleas which live on rats ("Rattus rattus"). Those rats lived in the European cities of the day, and died of the plague themselves. Some scientists believe that the plague spread faster than the rats. If this is true, the rats cannot be the main carrier. More research is needed to find out if this is true. People believe this disease was the 'Black Death'. It killed nearly a third of the population of Europe, in many epidemics in the Middle Ages.

Rats can carry diseases. Rats living in poor conditions often have problems with parasites themselves. Not many diseases carried by rats can spread to humans. One of those is called Leptospirosis, another one is the plague.



Branch

A branch is the part of a tree that grows out from the trunk of a tree. The size of a branch may vary depending on the type of tree, the location of the branch relative to the tree, and how healthy the tree is. The term twig usually refers to a terminus, while bough refers only to branches coming directly from the trunk. 

Spoon

A spoon is a tool for eating. It is usually used for eating foods that are like liquids (like soup and yogurt), and it can also be used for stirring. Humans use spoons every day. Some solids (like cereal and ice cream) are also usually eaten with spoons. A ladle is a bigger type of serving spoon used for soup, stew, or other foods.

There are many different types of spoons. There are dessert spoons, soup spoons, baby spoons, teaspoons, tablespoons and others. There are also spoons that are collector items and are worth a lot of money. Some musicians even use two spoons as a musical instrument like a castanet.

Spoons have been used as tools for eating since Paleolithic times. Prehistoric peoples probably used shells, or small pieces of wood as spoons. Both the Greek and Latin words for spoon come from the word "cochlea", which is a spiral-shaped snail shell. The Anglo-Saxon word "spoon", means a chip or splinter of wood.

Cutlery

Cutlery refers to tools used for preparing, serving and eating food. The most common types of cutlery are knives, spoons and forks. Other words for cutlery are silverware, tableware, utensils and flatware.

The best quality cutlery may be made of silver, but more often silver plating. Stainless steel is used for most good quality household cutlery. Pewter was often used in the past for cheap cutlery. Nickel silver, sometimes called German silver, is another alloy, with copper, nickel, and zinc in it. Plastic cutlery is used for eating fast food, because it is very cheap, and may be thrown away afterwards. 

Serving practice and use of cutlery varies somewhat between cultures. Formal dinners have cutlery set out in a traditional manner. There will be two sets of knives and forks, an outer smaller set for the first course and a larger inner set for the main course. Cutlery for later courses will usually be delivered with those courses. In an informal restaurant, cutlery may come wrapped in a cloth napkin (serviette).

Chinese and Japanese food is eaten with chopsticks, and food pre-cut to a size suitable for that method. Some other oriental cuisines are eaten by fork and spoon, with no knife. 

Vase

A vase is a container, often used for flowers. They can be made from a number of materials, including glass and ceramics. Many vases are decorated or painted but some are left plain. It sometimes is used for decorations in American and Chinese homes. It can be a big part of culture in many countries.

Yemen

Yemen, officially the Republic of Yemen is a nation in the Middle East. It is the old North Yemen and South Yemen, in the south of the Arabian Peninsula. It borders Saudi Arabia and Oman on the north and the east. To the south is the Guardafui Channel and Gulf of Aden, and to the west is the Red Sea. Yemen owns the island of Socotra (217 miles) to the south off the coast of East Africa. A person or thing from Yemen is called "Yemeni". Yemen's capital city is Sana'a.

Unlike other countries in Arabia Yemenis are mostly ethnically Jewish with small groups of various south Semitic peoples. In ancient times, Yemen was an important center of trade and power. Many powerful kingdoms were in Yemen, including the Sabaeans. Yemen was important in the trade of spices as well. It was known to the ancient Romans as "Arabia Felix" ("Happy Arabia" in Latin). They called it Happy Arabia because the area was so beautiful and powerful.

In the 700s, Yemenis were among the first to join the new religion Islam. Since then, Yemenis have been staunch Muslims who were in the forefront of all Islam conquests. Men whose ancestors came from Yemen ruled Al-Andalus (Muslim Spain) for centuries. The Ottoman Empire took control of North Yemen, and the British Empire took South Yemen, in the early 20th century. The two parts were united in 1990 and later fought civil wars. The latest one started in 2015. Some famous people including former President Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed, and thousands died of hunger.

Today, Yemen has over 34,5 million people. Most of them speak Arabic.

Yemen is in Western Asia. It is on the southern half of the Arabian Peninsula. A number of Red Sea islands, including the Hanish Islands, Kamaran, and Perim, as well as Socotra in the Arabian Sea, belong to Yemen. Many of the islands are volcanic. For example, Jabal al-Tair had a volcanic eruption in 2007 and before that in 1883. The highest point in Yemen is Jabal an Nabi Shu'ayb.

Yemen is one of the poorest and least developed countries in the Arab World. There is a 35% unemployment rate, which means 35 out of every 100 people in the labor force don't have a job.

As a result of the 2011–2012 Yemeni uprising, the constitution of Yemen was rewritten. New elections were to be held in 2014. Some areas are controlled by armed militant groups. On 23 January 2015, the President, Prime Minister and Cabinet resigned. War continued, with Saudi Arabia and Iran supporting different sides.

As of February 2004, Yemen is divided into twenty governorates and one municipality called "Amanat Al-Asemah".

The governorates are divided into 333 districts. The districts are divided into 2,210 sub-districts, and then into 38,284 villages (as of 2001).

Yemen has about 34 million people according to June 2023 estimates. 46% of the people are under 15 years old. Yemenis are mainly of Arab origin. Arabic is the official language.

Religion in Yemen is mostly of two main Islamic religious groups; 53% of the Muslim population is Sunni and 45% is Shiite according to the UNHCR.

According to 2009 estimates, life expectancy in Yemen is 63.27 years.

Football is the most popular sport in Yemen. The Yemen national football team competes in the FIFA and the AFC leagues. The country also hosts many football clubs that compete in the national or international leagues.

Yemen's mountains have many opportunities for outdoor sports, such as rock climbing, hill climbing, and hiking. The coast of Yemen and Socotra island have opportunities for water sports, such as surfing, sailing, swimming, and scuba diving. Socotra island is one of the best surfing places in the world.

Yemen's biggest sports event was hosting the 2010 Gulf Cup of Nations.


Sensory system

The sensory system is the way animals find out about their nearby environment and their bodies. To do this they have special devices for collecting data called sense organs. The sense organs act as transducers: they turn energy from the outside or inside of the body into nerve signals. The signals are then very rapidly processed by the brain. The whole arrangement is the sensory system.

It is usual to say the sensory system has five senses:

There are other senses. For example, we have a sense of equilibrioception which checks our balance, and proprioception which is the sense of the relative position of one's own parts of the body and strength of effort being employed in movement. Fishes have a sense system which no land animal has. It is called the lateral line system. This senses movement and vibration in the water pressure and other functions. Some fish can sense patterns of electrical current in the water.

A huge amount of data comes in from the sensory system. About 11 million pieces of information "per second" is one estimation, of which ten million comes from our eyes. Of this huge number we only handle about 40 in our conscious mind. The rest is handled non-consciously.

Nikola Tesla

Nikola Tesla (11 July 1856 – 9 January 1943), was an ethnically Serbian inventor, electrical engineer, mechanical engineer and physicist. He is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current (AC) electricity supply system. He was born in the village of Smiljan, in the part of former Austria-Hungary that is now Croatia. He later became an American citizen. 

Tesla got his first job in Budapest in 1882, working at a telephone company. A few years later he moved to the United States. Even in his early life, he was inventing things. His best known invention was an electric motor that could run well on AC power. Tesla died of coronary thrombosis in a hotel room in Manhattan, New York City on 7 January 1943. Elon Musk was inspired by him for his very famous project: Tesla.

Tesla was born on 11 July 1856 in Smiljan, Austro-Hungarian Empire (modern-day Croatia), from a Serbian family. Tesla's father, Milutin Tesla, was a priest in the Serbian Orthodox Church. His mother, Đuka Mandić, could useful household tools. Even she was a daughter of the Serbian Orthodox Church priest. Although very smart and with excellent memory, (she knew thousands of lines from "Gorski Vijenac" by Petar Petrovic Njegos) she had to take care of her siblings when her mother, Sofia Budisavljevic, died. Nikola Tesla's mother was a great influence on him. Both his parents were born in Lika, Croatia. He was the fourth child out of five. He had one older brother, Dane, who died when Tesla was 5, two older sisters, Angelina and Milka, and one younger sister, Marica. 

Tesla, who loved science, was afraid that after his brother's accidental death he would have to continue the family tradition and become a priest. After he graduated from a prestigious High School in Karlovac, Croatia, he went back to Gospic during summer to see his family and almost died of cholera. He asked his father if he could go study engineering if by miracle he survived, and the father promised his dying son to send him to the best school in the whole world. Nikola's health improved quickly and his father sent him to study at the Technical College in Graz, Austria, in 1875.

Tesla had a job in telephony and electrical engineering before moving to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison. They quarrelled, and soon Tesla started working on his own with other people investing in his work. He set up laboratories and companies to develop a range of electrical devices. His patented AC electric motor (induction motor) and transformer were licensed by American industrialist George Westinghouse.

Westinghouse also hired Tesla for one year to help develop a power system using alternating current. The advantage that popularized alternating current is the use of transformers for long distance electric power transmission. Tesla is also known for his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs, Colorado which included inventions and ideas used in the invention of radio communication, for his X-ray experiments, and for his unsuccessful attempt at worldwide wireless transmission in his unfinished Wardenclyffe Tower project.

Tesla's achievements made him very famous. So did his abilities as a showman, demonstrating his seemingly miraculous inventions. Although he made a great deal of money from his patents, he spent a lot on his experiments. He lived for most of his life in a series of hotels in New York City. The end of his patent income and eventual bankruptcy led him to live in much poorer circumstances. Tesla still continued to invite the press to parties he held on his birthday to announce new inventions he was working and make (sometimes unusual) statements. Because of his wonderful pronouncements without results or proof, Tesla gained a reputation in popular culture as the archetypal "mad scientist". He died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943.

Tesla's work fell into relative obscurity after his death, but since the 1990s, his reputation has experienced a comeback in popular culture. His work and reputed inventions are also at the center of many conspiracy theories and have also been used to support various pseudosciences, UFO theories and New Age occultism. In 1960, in honor of Tesla, the General Conference on Weights and Measures for the International System of Units dedicated the term "tesla" to the SI unit measure for magnetic field strength.



Scene

Scene can mean:

Inspector Gadget

Inspector Gadget is a Canadian-French-American-Japanese animated series that ran from 1983 to 1986. It was the first show produced by DiC Entertainment.

On the show, Inspector Gadget is a cyborg detective and secret agent, who must stop an evil organization called "MAD", lead by Dr. Claw. He is usually helped by his niece, Penny, and his dog, Brain. Gadget has many gadgets and special devices inside his body, hence his name. He uses these when searching in a case, but he is not very smart. Yet with the help of Penny and Brain, he ends up saving the day.

Elements of the franchise pay homage to the 1960s series "Get Smart." Gadget's voice was even provided by Don Adams who was the star of Get Smart. Other elements are homages to things like Inspector Clouseau from the "Pink Panther" movie series.

In 1999, Matthew Broderick played the title character in Disney's live-action adaptation.

Syndicated

Syndicated means a television program being shown on a different television network than the one that first showed the program. A syndicated program can also be a program that was not made for a television network. These types of programs are made and then sold to many different television stations to be shown.

There are different types of syndication:



Cartoon

The word cartoon has been used in several different ways.

The oldest meaning is a drawing that is a full-sized design for a finished artwork. The cartoon might be a drawing for a painting that was going to be put onto a wall or ceiling in fresco. The cartoon would be pinned against the wall and its design marked onto the plastered of the wall. Cartoons were also made to design tapestry. The most famous cartoons of this kind are a set by Raphael which show the "Life of St Peter". The cartoons are in the Victoria & Albert Museum. The finished tapestries belong to the Vatican and were made for the Sistine Chapel.

In the 1700s, artists such as William Hogarth often made sets of humorous (funny) drawings that were about political subjects, such as poverty, elections, war and riots. The drawings were made into prints and were sold cheaply. These prints were not called cartoons at that time, but they led to the idea of modern political cartoons in newspapers. 

Nowadays many newspapers publish a different political cartoon in the paper, every day. The word "cartoon" was first used in this way in 1843 in an English magazine called "Punch". 

A political cartoon does not always show real people. Sometimes it may use a personification of a country or organization as a person, an animal, or a monster. For example, Britain might be shown as a woman holding a baby Australia in her arms. Russia might be shown as a baby bear or a dolphin. The United States might be shown as a Bald Eagle.

Political cartoons were often drawn to show several different stages of the same story. Many of Hogarth's famous political cartoons do this. From this came the idea of telling funny stories in a series of pictures. Comic strips are a type of "cartoon" that is published in newspapers, but they are usually just called "comic strips". 

Comic books assemble many strips in a book. The book may tell a long story, longer than a newspaper would want to print, or several stories. 

Comic strips posted on the internet are web comics. Some use animation and sound for special effects. Like comic books they may be large, and most offer a large collection of earlier strips for new readers, so longer stories can be told. Many webcomics are published (shown to people) by independent artists.


From the beginning of the movie industry, some artists began experimenting with making drawings that seemed to move. These moving drawings also became known as "cartoons". They often depict animals rather than humans. They were often just for fun, but sometimes, particularly during World War II, were used for political reasons, just like the cartoons in newspapers. 

At first, movie cartoons were quite short. When a person bought a movie ticket, they would see a news program, two or three cartoons in black and white and a movie. Walt Disney then got the idea to tell a long story as a "cartoon". The first example made was "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). Movie cartoons soon became a popular type of entertainment. Modern animated features are created using computer graphics, rather than hand-drawn animation. The popular stars of animated cartoons include Tom and Jerry, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy. The are some cartoons that were on television, including Spongebob Squarepants, The Flintstones, Scooby Doo, and The Simpsons.

Square root

In mathematics, a square root of a number "x" is another number that, when multiplied by itself (squared), becomes "x". When it is non-negative, it is represented by the symbol formula_1, and called the principal square root of "x". For example, 3 is the square root of 9, because 3×3=9. Only numbers bigger than or equal to zero have real square roots. The only square root of zero is zero.

An important number is the square root of 2, which is an irrational number. Its value is around 1.41421. It is the length of a diagonal in the square whose side is 1.

Square roots of negative numbers are not real numbers – they are imaginary numbers. Imaginary numbers are basically numbers whose square is negative. Every complex number, except 0, has 2 square roots. For example, −1 has two square roots. We call them formula_2 and formula_3. We also consider the number formula_2 as the principal square root of −1, and called it the imaginary unit.

The sign for a square root is made by putting a bent line over a number, like this: formula_5. This is read as "the square root of 4" (or whatever number you are taking the square root of).

A whole number with a square root that is also a whole number is called a perfect square. The first few perfect squares are: 0, 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100, 121, 144, 169, 196, 225, 256, 289, 324, 361, 400, 441, 484, 529, 576, 625, 676, 729, 784, 841, 900, 961, 1024, 1089, 1156, 1225.

Below is a table of square roots (rounded to 3 decimal places).
It is not really known where the square root symbol formula_6 comes from, but some people believe that it was from the letter "r", which is the first letter of the Latin word "radix" (used in many languages). Radix means the root or base. Thus, radix quadratum from Latin refers most likely to the base of a square. Since the sides of a square are all equal, the word radix may be interpreted as side of a square—without actually so.



Negative number

A negative number is a number that indicates an opposite. For example: 


The counting numbers (1, 2, 3, and so on) are all positive numbers. The positive numbers, negative numbers, and the number zero, taken together, are called "signed numbers" or integers.

The number zero is neither positive nor negative. Zero is its own opposite; so +0 = −0. That is, zero steps to the right is the same as zero steps to the left.

A negative number is always less than zero.

A negative number is written by putting a minus sign, "−", in front of a positive number. For example, 3 is a positive number, but −3 is a negative number. It is read "negative three" or "minus three"; it means the opposite of 3.

Negative numbers are left of zero on a number line. A number and its opposite are always the same distance from zero. The negative number −3 is just as far to the left of zero as 3 is to the right of zero:

Sometimes, for emphasis, we write the pair of opposite numbers as −3 and +3.

A number and its opposite always add to zero. So the sum of −3 and +3 is 0. We can write this either as −3 + 3 = 0 or as 3 + (− 3) = 0. In addition, a number and its opposite are said to "cancel each other out".

The set of negative real numbers is sometimes written as formula_1.

 9 + (−1) = 9 − 1 = 8
 6 − (−8) = 6 + 8 = 14
 (−3) × (−2) = 3 × 2 = 6
 (−4) × 5 = −(4 × 5) = −20

When a person got a debt, people sometimes say that they have a negative amount of money. Negative numbers are used in accounting and science.



Hailstone

A hailstone is a round ball of ice which falls out of a storm cloud. About 5,000 hailstorms a year in the United States of America make hail 3/4 of an inch or larger.

A hailstone begins as a small water drop or a round snow pellet in a cloud. The drop grows by collecting many cloud drops. The little drop is blown by a strong wind inside the cloud to where it meets with some extremely cold water drops. These supercooled drops are still liquid water even though the temperature is below freezing. When the little drop mixes with these extremely cold drops, they join, and the little drop has now become a hailstone.

The little hailstone is thrown up inside the cloud, still collecting other cold drops. The hailstone gets bigger and bigger until it goes to the top of the cloud. Then, because there is no more wind, it falls back down through the cloud. While it is falling it gets even bigger as it bangs into more supercooled drops. If it goes down very fast it can hit the earth at up to 90 mph (144 kph), bouncing like popcorn. If the hailstone hits dirt, it can actually bury itself.

The biggest hailstone recorded in the United States weighed 1.67 pounds (0.75 kg), and was 5.5 inches (14 cm) across. It fell near Coffeyville, Kansas, on September 3, 1970. The biggest recorded hailstone in the "world" was 4.2 pounds (almost 2 kilograms). It fell in Kazakhstan in Asia.

Hailstones are made of many rings of clear, cloudy ice. The rings show different amounts of freezing on the hailstone. The cloudy ice is because it freezes so quickly, trapping many small air bubbles. The clear rings are made by slow freezing of the water, which lets bubbles escape.

Hail does a very great amount of damage every year. Even small hail with strong winds can crush a field of wheat flat in a few minutes. It sometimes breaks windows, and can dent cars and roofs. Big hailstones can hurt and even kill small animals.

Because hail damages crops, there has been many efforts to stop hail. In the 16th century, farmers used to shoot cannons at thunderstorms, thinking this would destroy the hail. Cloud seeding (trying to make rain by putting dry ice crystals or a kind of smoke in clouds) is the more recent way, but it is expensive and we do not know for sure how well it works. To this day, there is no proved way of stopping hailstorms.



Academy Award

The Academy Awards, commonly known as the Oscars, are the best-known movie awards in the United States. The awards have been given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences since 1929. The awards ceremony takes place each year in late February or early March in Los Angeles, California.

At the end of the 1920s, the American film industry was in a crisis. When the radio was invented, people didn't go to the cinema as often as they used to. The owners of the studios had problems. They had to pay the workers a good salary, but that was impossible at that time. Many people fought for a good salary and a good working time.

The director of the successful Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer-Studios, Louis B. Mayer met two good friends because he wanted to speak about the problem.

In the first years of the award, the trophy was called the Academy Award of Merit. The godfather of the name Oscar is not clear. It is certain, that the name was used in 1931. There may be four people, who could be the godparents. The former board secretary of the academy Margaret Herrick said: "He looks like my uncle Oscar!". Bette Davis said that he looks like my first husband Harmon "Oscar" Nelson. The film columnist Sidney Skolsky said, that he is the name-giver, and the fourth person was Walt Disney.

It is said that Oscar is not the official name of the statue. But the nickname is trademark-protected.

The statue is around 13 inches tall and weighs about 8 pounds.

Current Awards

Retired Awards

"Gone with the Wind" from 1939 was the most successful film for a long time with ten Oscars. Then, in 1960, "Ben-Hur" won eleven Oscars. In 1998 "Titanic" also won eleven Oscars, so they were in a tie. Six years later, "" won eleven Oscars.

The five categories 'Best Picture', 'Best Director', 'Best Actor', 'Best Actress' and 'Best Original Screenplay' are the most important categories and they are called the 'Big Five'. There are only three films that won all these categories: "It Happened One Night", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" and "The Silence of the Lambs".

"All About Eve", "Titanic" and "La La Land" had 14 nominations. This is the nomination record.

Katharine Hepburn (1907–2003) has the most awards as a performer with 4 Oscars in the category of 'Best Actress'. Meryl Streep has the most nominations as performers with 21 Oscar nominations. Jack Nicholson, Daniel Day-Lewis, and Walter Brennan (1894–1974) have three Academy Awards each, the most for men. Nicholson also has the nomination record for men with 12 nominations. The person who has the most Academy Awards is Walt Disney (1901–1966) with 26, including 4 Honorary Oscars and he has 37 nominations. Moreover, he won 4 awards in 1954, so he got the most awards in one year. The woman, who has the most Oscars is the costume designer Edith Head (1897–1981). She has 8 Oscars and 27 nominations. The living people with the most Oscars are the composer Alan Menken (8 Oscars) and special effects artist Dennis Muren (8 Oscars for best visual effects, plus one for technical achievement and 15 nominations). The cartoon characters Tom and Jerry are the cartoon movie stars with have the most awards with 7.


Brake

A brake is a device for slowing or stopping a moving machine part. The most common brakes are for wheels, such as those on cars and bicycles.

The kinetic energy lost by the moving part is usually converted into heat by friction. There are also regenerative braking systems that store some of the energy in a flywheel or capacitor, or convert it to electricity to store in a battery or send to some other machine. The first braking systems were used on horse-drawn vehicles. The horse accelerated the cart to relatively high speeds and could not cope with its stopping by itself. The first mechanisms braked the wheel itself by means of a manual lever or a system of levers.

The first braking systems were used on horse-drawn vehicles. The horse accelerated the cart to high speeds and could not cope with its stopping by itself. The brake used a manual lever or a system of levers to press a wooden block onto the wheel, slowing it by friction. In wet weather, it was ineffective. Later, faster vehicles such as bicycles, trains and automobiles needed much better brakes, and many kinds were invented. Even some airplanes have brakes to slow them in the air.


Bucket

A bucket is a container with a wide open top and a handle that is mainly used for carrying liquids. In some cases, solids may also be carried in a bucket (like sand which is hard to carry in your hands).

Some buckets are used for work, and some more for leisure, as seen here . A bucket used for work is often made of a strong material such as iron or steel and is used to carry things like coal or soil. A bucket used for leisure, e.g. for making sandcastles, is normally made of plastic.

In rare cases, a bucket may be worn as a piece of clothing, people may wear a bucket on their heads for humorous reasons. Buckethead is a famous example of this.

A free open source Minecraft server mod called Bukkit, an intentional misspelling of "Bucket" is very popular for Minecraft server development.

Light bulb

A light-bulb produces light from electricity. In addition to lighting a dark space, they can be used to show an electronic device is on, to direct traffic, for heat, and for many other purposes. Billions are in use, some even in outer space.

Early people used candles and oil lamps for light. Humphry Davy invented the electric arclight in the early 1800s. Thomas Alva Edison, Joseph Swann, and several others in the 1880s invented the more efficient incandescent lightbulb. 

Improved vacuum pumps and better materials made them shine longer and brighter late in the century.. This became the main kind for the 20th century. Electric power stations brought electricity to urban and later rural areas to power them. Later gas discharge lights, including fluorescent lights, use less electricity to make more light.

There are several kinds of light bulbs:

Light bulbs convert electricity into light and heat. Except for heat lamps, the heat is considered waste. A light bulb that produces more light and less heat is more efficient.

The incandescent light bulb turns electricity into light by sending the electric current through a thin wire called a filament. Electrical filaments are made up mostly of tungsten metal. The resistance of the filament heats the bulb. Eventually the filament gets so hot that it glows, producing light.

The filament needs to be protected from the air, so it is inside the bulb, and the air in the bulb is either removed (a vacuum) or more often, replaced with a noble gas that doesn't affect anything, like neon or argon. Only about 3% of the energy that goes into an incandescent light bulb actually makes light, the rest makes heat. That's one of the reasons LED's are more efficient.

This type of light bulb worked poorly and was little used until Joseph Swan and Thomas Edison improved it in the 1870s. It was the first light bulb that could be used in houses - it did not cost too much, and it worked well. For the first time, people did not need a fire (candles, oil lamps, kerosene lamps, etc.) to make light. It was bright enough to let people read easily at night or do work. It was used to light stores and streets, and people could travel after dark. This started the common use of electricity in homes and businesses. They had carbon filaments until tungsten ones were developed in the 1900s. They last longer and make a brighter light.

Early vacuum tube devices were incandescent bulbs made to operate at lower temperatures, with added electronic parts.

Fluorescent lamps are efficient, and only give off the amount of heat of an incandescent. They also last longer than incandescent but until the late 20th century were much bigger and did not fit into sockets for small overhead lights and lamps like an incandescent could.

A fluorescent bulb is a glass tube usually filled with argon gas and a little bit of mercury. When turned on, the cathode heats up and sends out electrons. These hit the argon gas and the mercury. The argon gas makes a plasma which lets the electrons move around better. When the electrons hit a mercury atom it puts the molecule into a state where it has a lot of energy (stores the energy). The energetic state doesn't last very long, and when the energy is released, it lets out a photon. Photons from mercury are not visible like some other photons; they are ultraviolet. So there's a phosphor coating on the wall of the bulb. When the photon hits a phosphor molecule, it in turn puts that molecule into an excited state. When this phosphor releases energy, it lets out a photon that we can see, and light is made. Changing the type of phosphor can change the color we see, but usually fluorescent light bulbs are whiter than incandescent light bulbs, which are slightly yellow.

An LED (also known as light-emitting diode) is made like electronics. It's a chip of semiconducting material. LED bulbs are more efficient and last much longer than either incandescent or fluorescent bulbs. Unlike fluorescent bulbs, LEDs do not use mercury, which is toxic. For several years LED bulbs were not as bright as the other kinds of lights, and cost more too.




Grammy Award

The Grammy Awards (first named the Gramophone Awards and often called just Grammys), are awards given yearly by the (an association of Americans professionally involved in the recorded music industry) for outstanding work in the music and spoken recording industry. The Grammys have 128 categories with 16 genres. The Grammys are awarded once each year and are a major televised event. The award show has its shares of criticism as being biased.

The name "Grammy" comes from the word "gramophone". A gramophone was an old machine that played music on records.

The British equivalent is the Brit Awards. The Canadian equivalent is the Juno Awards.

Georg Solti has won 31 Grammy Awards, more than any other person.





























Emmy Award

The Emmy Awards are United States television production awards which are given out each year. They are the television version of the Academy Awards. The first Emmy Awards were given out on January 25, 1949 at the Hollywood Athletic Club. Shirley Dinsdale was the very first person to be given an Emmy in the first awards ceremony.

Three organizations give Emmy Awards:


The best-known of the awards are the Primetime Awards (some of which are named "Creative Arts Emmys") and the Daytime Emmy Awards.

The Emmy Awards is a statuette of a woman with wings holding an atom. It was created by television engineer Louis McManus, using his wife as a model. The trophies are made by a company that has a manufacturing site at the El Dorado Correctional Facility, a prison in El Dorado, Kansas.


Maggie Simpson

Margaret "Maggie" Simpson is a fictional character shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons". She is a baby.

Like most babies, Maggie copies what she sees around her. She once hit Homer on the head with a mallet, shot a suction dart at his picture and attacked him with a pencil in imitation of "Itchy and Scratchy". Maggie is also very accurate with a gun, she shot Mr. Burns in "Who Shot Mr. Burns".

During the early episodes, Maggie's well-known feature would be to trip over her clothes and fall on her face causing a loud smack on the floor. Throughout the early episodes, Maggie fell down 39 times.

Maggie was named after Matt Groening's sister Maggie Groening. She often sucked on a pacifier and wore a sleep suit like Maggie. Groening thought that it would be funny to have a baby character that did not talk and never grew up, but showed any emotions that the scene needed.

With few exceptions, Maggie never speaks but is aware of what is going around her. Maggie has spoken in "Good Night", the first cartoon to air on "The Tracey Ullman Show". When the rest of the family falls asleep, she speaks and her voice is played by Liz Georges.

Maggie's first word spoken in the normal television show of the series happened in "Lisa's First Word", when she was voiced by Elizabeth Taylor and says, "Daddy" in an empty room. Elizabeth Taylor as Maggie was later named the 13th greatest guest spot in the history of the show. James Earl Jones, who voiced Maggie in "Treehouse of Horror V" was in seventh place. She would later have small sentences in "Treehouse of Horror IX", voiced by Harry Shearer, who used his Kang voice. Her squeaks and occasional speaking parts are regularly done by Nancy Cartwright or Yeardley Smith. Jodie Foster voiced the Howard Roark-inspired Maggie in the Season 20 episode "Four Great Women and a Manicure".


Marge Simpson

Marjorie "Marge" Simpson is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". The character is voiced by Julie Kavner. Marge is the wife of Homer Simpson and the mother of Bart, Lisa, and Maggie Simpson. She is famous for her very tall blue hair, that is shaped into a beehive. She also is proud to have never met anyone with taller hair outside Graceland. Marge was named after, and loosely based on, Margaret "Marge" Groening, Matt Groening's mother.

Marge made her first appearance in "The Tracey Ullman Show" Simpson Short, "Good Night".

Marge’s image is normally that of a stereotypical sitcom mother who is sometimes seen as an inexperienced person and easy to be fooled. Despite having higher morals than most other characters, Marge has had her fair share of wild escapades throughout the show’s history. She was once a police officer in Springfield, took treatment for road rage, was once sent to jail for shoplifting, sentenced to 90 days in the Springfield Women’s Prison, became a gambling fanatic, showed alcoholism, was an unwilling participant in a cross-country police chase, took steroids, cheated on a cooking competition and developed amnesia. She is also known for her persistent nagging and groaning. These are just some of the strange situations in which Marge has found herself. She also displays a surprisingly strong will. Marge is the only member of the family who normally tries to encourage the family to go to church. She also appears to have significant athletic ability in times of imminent danger. She can speak two languages fluently, one being English and the other in French.

Politically, Marge supports the Democratic Party. She once says that she voted for Jimmy Carter ("twice" according to Lisa), supported the candidacy of their state's governor Mary Bailey, and also stated to have been really depressed when Lyndon Johnson died.

Marge studied to be a painter. When she was a teenager she had a huge crush on Ringo Starr and painted a large number of portraits of him. She also wrote to him, but only received a reply 25 years later. His response inspired her to enter an art contest. Her portrait of a drunk Homer sleeping on the couch won the competition. She was then hired by Mr. Burns to do a portrait of him. The resulting portrait won even Mr. Burns’ praise, a massive feat in itself.

Marge also is a very skilled cook. She once started a pretzel business, which succeeded with the help of the Springfield Mafia. She has entered different cooking challenges, although situations such as cruel and ruthless competitors and overheated ovens made her to lose and even break or destroy the other competitors too. In general, she is shown as a very good cook. She is especially well known for her pork chops, Homer's favorite dish.

In some episodes Marge is shown being a fairly skilled photographer until she decided to choose Homer over photography.

As a teen, Marge had her hair long to at waist length which she always wore down, but got the idea to wear it in her trademark beehive for senior prom in the episode "The Way We Was". In the Shary Bobbins episode, her hair is shown close to her knees, meaning that a lot of hair would be needed to create her tall beehive. Marge has admitted that her hair is not really blue but is, in fact, gray. It was revealed by Homer in "Secrets of a Successful Marriage" that Marge dyes her hair with blue dye #56; ""She’s been gray as a mule since she was seventeen."" It is shown in the episode "Fear of Flying" that Marge's blue hair goes back to when she was a small child, so this color choice may ave been intended to match her original color. Because of her unusually large hairstyle, her height is reported to be 8'6", as noted by Apu in the episode "Marge in Chains". In "The Way We Weren't", her hair was blue before she met Homer and was dark at one time because of Marge ironing a piece of her hair for a long time. In "The Simpsons" Season Four DVD commentary, Matt Groening states that the original idea behind Marge's hair was to hide large rabbit ears. The gag was intended to be revealed in the final episode of the series, but was cancelled early on because of its irregularity.

Like most of the other Simpsons characters, Marge's age changes from time to time throughout the show's history. In first-season episodes "Life on the Fast Lane" and "Some Enchanted Evening", Marge is said to be 36 years old, but her age was later changed to 38, possibly because she and Homer attended their twentieth anniversary high school reunion in one episode. In the episode "Regarding Margie", Homer states that Marge is his age, meaning she and Homer are both 38. 

Pin

A pin is an object used to attach something to a surface. It is usually metal or plastic. Pins are usually sharp and are cheap to buy.


Dining room

A dining room is a room used for eating and is usually near the kitchen. This is to make serving food easier.

Usually a dining room will contain a table with a set of chairs, normally positioned at the sides and end of a table. People often only use their dining rooms now for formal occasions and eating in the kitchen has become more popular.

Crown

A crown is a type of headdress worn by a monarch. They are usually worn when they are crowned or at important occasions. Also, crowns are now used as a symbol of the monarchy. They are also won by beauty pageant winners. 

"Crown" is also a synonym for prize or reward. Crowns are awarded or won at contests. Beauty contests award crowns to the winning participant, for example. Couples chosen the King and Queen at a dance also receive crowns. 

A diadem is a type of crown, an ornamental headband worn by monarchs and others as a badge of royalty. 

Rudolf Hess

Rudolf Walter Richard Hess (Heß in German) (26 April 1894 – 17 August 1987) was a high ranking Nazi leader, and one of Adolf Hitler's closest men. He was the third man after Hermann Göring in the Third Reich from 1933 to 1941.

Rudolf Hess was born in Alexandria, Egypt, but moved back to Germany in 1908. He joined the army in World War I and was a soldier from 1914 until 1918. In 1920 he joined the Nazi Party and in 1922 he also became a member of the SA. He flew to Scotland during World War II in 1941 with the intention of putting an end to the war but was arrested. After the war he was tried at the Nuremberg Trials in 1946 and sentenced to life imprisonment from 1946-1987. He died in the Allied Military Prison, Spandau, Berlin in 1987. Since 1966 he had been the only prisoner. His death was caused by a strangulation using an electrical cord; officials recorded it as a suicide.

1510s

The 1510s was a decade that began on 1 January 1510 and ended on 31 December 1519.




Quantum entanglement

Quantum entanglement is the name given to a special connection between pairs or groups of quantum systems, or any objects described by quantum mechanics. Quantum entanglement is one of the biggest parts of quantum mechanics that makes it hard to understand in terms of the everyday world.

When we look at particles, we usually say that each particle has its own quantum state. Sometimes, two particles can act on one another and become an entangled system. When a pair or group of particles can only be described by the quantum state for the system, and not by individual quantum states, we say the particles are "entangled".


In simpler terms, "entangled" particles are those that are connected in such a way that their properties are linked and cannot be described independently. This is a strange phenomenon that is not fully understood, but it is an important idea in physics.

Entanglement between particles happens because little particles can push and pull on each other, just like big objects do in terms of gravity. If nothing else is acting on those particles, then there are certain things before and after the particles act on each other that have to stay the same. For example, the total momentum of both particles put together would be (roughly) the same before and after they act on each other.

Heisenberg's uncertainty principle tells us we can never know the momentum of a particle exactly, or even the total momentum of both particles put together. In fact, we can't ever know exactly what we will measure the momentum of a particle to be before we measure it, but we do know always that the total momentum of the two particles put together doesn't change when the particles act on each other. In order to be sure that the total momentum is the same before and after the particles act on one another, we need to describe a pair of particles as a single quantum system rather than a pair of quantum systems. If this were not true, the conservation law for momentum would be violated due to the quantum uncertainty of the momentum of each particle.

When particles interact with each other, certain things about their properties must stay the same, but we can't always know exactly what those properties are. To make sure that the rules of physics are followed, we have to describe the particles as a single system rather than two separate systems. This is related to the concept of quantum entanglement, which is a phenomenon in which the properties of two particles become linked in a way that cannot be explained by classical physics.

Even though each particle has a lot of information about the other, they do not send messages to each other. There are no messages between the particles saying, "I'm going down, therefore, you must go up" and waiting for the particle to receive the message. Yet, the particles are always connected and can behave as one.

Quantum entanglement is one of the concepts that led Albert Einstein to dislike the theory of quantum mechanics. With his co-workers, Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen, Einstein used entanglement to try to show weaknesses in quantum mechanics. Einstein called entanglement "spooky action at a distance". He said this because he did not believe that quantum particles could affect one another faster than the speed of light. He tried to show that this weird effect means that quantum mechanics gives an incomplete picture of what really goes on and that in the future it will be taken care of with extra "hidden" variables.

Erwin Schrödinger talked about entanglement and quantum superposition in the same article where he described Schrödinger's cat.

Years later, John Bell showed with his theorem that we can tell if this "spooky action at a distance" is real or not. After that, experiments using Bell's theorem proved that entanglement actually happens between tiny particles.

Scientists are trying to use quantum entanglement for many different things. Some things are sending completely secret messages (passing encrypted notes that can't be understood if intercepted), and making super computers faster than ever before thought possible. However, entanglement between a pair of particles is a very delicate thing and is easily destroyed. Because of this, it is difficult to use quantum entanglement to do these things. Many scientists are working on making stronger systems where entanglement is stronger and lasts longer to try to do these things more easily.

Although you can do some things to one particle to try to cause a change in its partner particle, you can't use this (by itself) to send information from one particle to another because it is only possible to control how likely the change will happen. The outcome of whatever measurement you make on a single particle is completely random, and so is the change that results in the partner particle. In other words, changing one particle may change its partner particle, but you cannot guarantee exactly which way you will influence them. Because scientists cannot control exactly what changes between entangled particles occur, it is not possible to use quantum entanglement alone to send messages. If you also send information about the state of the single particle classically , you can use the entanglement they share to teleport the quantum state of one particle to another particle.

Also, without sending information about the partner particle, there's no way to tell if a given particle is single or half of an entangled pair. With no outside information, a single particle is completely like any other. It's only when you can receive information about the other particle that you will be able to figure out if your particle is one part of an entangled pair. No one can use entanglement to send information faster than the speed of light because you would need another faster than light communicator to do it.

Amin Maalouf

Amin Maalouf (; ; born 25 February 1949) is a Lebanese author. He studied sociology at the French University in Beirut. He was the director of the Beirut daily newspaper "an-Nahar". But, he left the country 1975 at the start of the Lebanese Civil War. He moved to Paris and still lives there today.

Maalouf writes in French, and his works have been translated into many languages. He received the Prix Goncourt in 1993 for his book "Rock of Tanios".

He uses his experiences of civil war and migration in writing his novels. The characters in his novels are wanderers. They may not have just one home country, language, or religions.




Bulb

A bulb is the part of some plants, mostly under the dirt, that stores food while the plant is resting from growing (a "storage organ").

Some well-known bulbs people grow to use as food are onions and garlic. Some bulbs grown for the decorative flowers are the lily, tulip, and some irises.

Some plant storage organs that are similar to bulbs, but have different names are, tubers, corms (swollen stems), tuberous roots, and pseudobulbs.

1520s

The 1520s was a decade that started on 1 January 1520 and ended on 31 December 1529.




Wave

A wave is a kind of oscillation (disturbance) that travels through space and matter. Wave motions transfer energy from one place to another.

Waves play an important role in our daily life. This is because waves are a carrier of energy and information over large distances. Waves require some oscillating or vibrating source. Ocean surface waves were the first known waves. Later, other kinds were discovered.

In physics and technology, a wave (physics) carries energy that creates visible light, sound, and many other things. There are two categories of waves.

Mechanical waves 

Waves which require any medium for their propagation are called mechanical waves. 

One example of a mechanical wave is sound. 

Sound can travel through air, water, or solids, but it can't travel through a vacuum. It needs the medium to help it travel. 

Other examples include water waves, seismic waves, and waves traveling through a spring.

Waves which do not require any medium for their propagation are called electromagnetic waves.

For example:


Gluon

Gluons are what hold quarks together to make bigger particles. Gluons carry the strong force between other quarks, so it is considered a force carrying particle. Photons do the same thing, but for the electromagnetic force. Also, like photons, gluons are spin-1 particles, and when a particle has spin-1 it is considered a boson.

Gluons are hard to study because although they exist in nature all the time, they are so small and require so much energy to break them away from quarks (about 2 trillion degrees) that scientists have only been able to find more about them from particle colliders such as the Large Hadron Collider at CERN.

Humphry Davy

Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet, FRS (Fellow of the Royal Society) (born 17 December 1778 in Penzance, Cornwall, England; died 29 May 1829 in Geneva City, Switzerland), was a Cornish chemist. His study of chemistry led to the first pure forms of some of the chemical elements such as water and sodium.

Myxobolus cerebralis

Myxobolus cerebralis is a small Myxozoan parasite that eats the insides of fish like salmon and trout, causing whirling disease. 

This is a problem in fish farming and also in natural fish populations. In the last 100 years, it has spread to most of Europe (including Russia), the United States, South Africa, and other countries. In the 1980s, people found out that "M. cerebralis" needs to live in a worm before it can live in a fish. It infects both the fish and the worm by poking a hole in them and putting part of itself in.

Whirling disease hurts young fish the most, and can hurt bones and nerves. Fish with the disease do not swim very well, and they "whirl" or spin instead of swimming straight. This makes it hard for the fish to get food and get away from danger. Dealing with "M. cerebralis" costs more money than most other parasites in its group (which are called "myxozoans"). People do not get sick with whirling disease, though; only fish do.

"M. cerebralis" has become well-established, particularly in North America. It has caused the decline of whole cohorts of fish.

"M. cerebralis" has many stages ranging from single cells to bigger spores. Scientists have not studied all the stages very well yet. 

"M. cerebralis" has many diverse stages ranging from single cells to relatively large spores, not all of which have been studied in detail.
The kind of "M. cerebralis" that can attack fish is called a "Triactinomyxon", and there is a picture of it on the right. There are three "tails" that are each about 200 micrometers long, and another piece that is about 150 micrometers (μm) long. That piece has 64 cells in it. There are also three harpoon-like weapons that can attack the fish. They shoot into the fish, making a hole that the 64 cells can go into. Those cells make more cells that go to the cartilage near the fish's brain.

The kind of "M. cerebralis" that comes out of fish is called a "Myxospore". They are sort of round and fat in the middle like a lentil or a convex lens. They are about 10 micrometers across and are made of six cells. Two are for the harpoon weapons, two are for protecting the Myxospore, and two are for going into a worm after the weapons make a hole. Myxospores from "M. cerebralis" look a lot like Myxospores from other species that are sometimes in fish skin, muscle, or brains, and so it's hard to tell them apart.


Aamir Khan

Aamir Khan (born March 14, 1965 in Mumbai) is a Bollywood actor. Khan first appeared in "Yaadon Ki Baaraat" (1973) as a child actor. His first big starring role was in "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988). Khan was born to a Muslim family.

Another of his best-known adult roles was starring in "Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India" (2001), which was nominated for an Oscar. Khan was credited as producer for the movie, with his first wife (1986-2002), Reena Datta, executive producer. Khan met his future second wife (2005-), Kiran Rao, on the set, where she was an assistant director.

Their first movie released in 2006 is "Rang De Basanti" after his divorce with Reena Dutta. He later married Kiran Rao.


Bahá'í Faith

The Bahá'í Faith is an Abrahamic religion started in the 1800s by an Iranian person called Bahá'u'lláh who was born in Tehran, Iran. Followers of this religion call themselves Bahá'ís. The name Bahá'u'lláh is Arabic for "The Glory of God". "Glory" is a word that means "importance", "power", and "beauty". Bahá'ís believe Bahá'u'lláh is a representation of God, or speaks for God, and he shows people God's importance, beauty, and brightness.
Bahá'ís are monotheists, which means that they believe in one God. They believe Bahá'u'lláh carried a message from God. Bahá'u'lláh said he was not the only person to carry a message from God, and he was not the last to carry a message from God. He taught that the people who started the other major religions also represented and carried messages from God, such as Jesus, Moses, Krishna, Abraham, Muhammad, the Buddha and others. He called these people "Manifestations of God." They believe the messages from the Manifestations of God get more and more difficult to understand. They say the ones that came earlier on had a more simple message than the ones that came later. Because God is greater than the whole universe, Bahá'u'lláh said that human beings cannot completely know God. He said that God wants people to know as much about him as they can. Bahá'u'lláh wrote God sends special people to manifest (show) himself to ordinary humans. Without the Manifestations of God we could not know God. Bahá'ís believe the God they pray to is the same God Abraham spoke to, Jesus talked about, and Krishna said in Gita. Since Bahá'u'lláh was born in a Muslim family, Bahá'ís are sometimes mistaken as Muslims. Bahá'u'lláh is considered the prophet/manifestation of the present day. Bahá'ís say that he is not the last prophet/manifestation of God. They think there will not be another prophet for 1,000 years after Baha'u'llah's death.

The Bahá'í Faith began on 1844 when a man called the Báb said he had a message from God. He said that it was his job to make sure that people were ready for the most important message from God who would be sent soon. This started a religion, followers of this religion were called Bábís. Many people became Bábís in the country of Iran, which was called Persia at the time, and this made the government of Persia and the Muslim priests angry. They arrested and killed the Bab and his followers. Even though this happened, people still followed this religion.

Before Bahá'u'lláh said he had a message from God, he was a member of the religion that was started by the Báb. He became very famous among the Bábís. When the Báb was killed, some Bábís got very angry and tried to kill the king of Persia, even though Bahá'u'lláh told them not to kill him. When the Babis were caught, the government put many Bábís in jail, including Bahá'u'lláh. While in jail at Tehran, Bahá'u'lláh said he saw an angel that he called the "maid of heaven". The angel told him that he had to teach a message from God to the people of the world. The angel said that God would rescue and protect him so that he could teach this message. Eventually, he was released from jail and the government of Persia made him move to Baghdad, which was then controlled by the king of the Ottoman Empire.

While Baha'u'llah was in Baghdad, he had many problems, but he also made many friends. The government of Persia was unhappy that he seemed to be doing well in Baghdad, and so they asked the Ottoman Empire to move him further away from Persia. When he was about to leave, in 1863, he held a festival for 12 days on a small island in the Tigris river, which he called Ridvan, which means paradise. There he told some of his closest friends and family that he was the promised one of all of the major religions, and that eventually the whole world would know his message.

Eventually the Ottoman Empire sent him to many different cities, including Constantinople, Adrianople, Alexandria, and eventually Akka. He was in different jails this whole time, and the city of Akka had a big wall around it, and it was one big jail. While he was in Baghdad, and after, he wrote many books and letters to answer questions that his friends and followers asked him. At one point he was poisoned, so that he could not write anymore because his hands shook so badly. After that, he had someone write down what he said. When he was even older, his oldest son, `Abdu'l-Bahá arranged to have him move into a house near Mount Carmel, and he stayed there until he finally died in 1892.

After he died, people followed `Abdu'l-Bahá. Bahá'u'lláh had written that `Abdu'l-Bahá had special powers, and that God would make sure that if `Abdu'l-Bahá explained anything that Bahá'u'lláh said, then the Bahá'ís should believe that explanation. `Abdu'l-Bahá also wrote a lot of letters and gave talks, and eventually visited Paris, London, Montreal, New York City, San Francisco and other cities in the west. This helped the Bahá'í Faith to spread in Europe and North America. He died in 1921. He left a will, where he told the Bahá'ís to follow his grandson, Shoghi Effendi.

Shoghi Effendi was born in 1900 and was only a young man when his grandfather died and he became the leader of the Bahá'ís. He helped make the different agencies and councils that run the Bahá'í Faith today, and organized the religion in many ways. He also wrote many books and letters to explain the teachings of his grandfather and great-grandfather. He lived until 1957 and died in England.

After Shoghi Effendi died, the Bahá'ís did not have leaders for six years, because Shoghi Effendi had not left a will. Shoghi Effendi did have helpers, who did not think they were allowed to lead the Bahá'ís, so they helped the Bahá'í Community follow the last plan that Shoghi Effendi left them, and at the end of that plan, in 1963, they organized an election to form the Universal House of Justice, which Bahá'u'lláh wrote about. The Universal House of Justice has led the Bahá'ís ever since.

Bahá'u'lláh wrote many books and letters, and `Abdu'l-Bahá (whose name means "Servant of Glory") also wrote many books and letters which Bahá'ís see as special. Finally, Bahá'u'lláh's great-grandson Shoghi Effendi wrote lots of books and letters which Bahá'ís use to better understand the writings of Bahá'u'lláh and `Abdu'l-Bahá. The most important of these books is the Aqdas.

Bahá'ís also believe that the Bible, the Qur'an, the Gita and other books from other religions are special.

Some important Bahá'í beliefs are:

There are eight or nine million Bahá'ís in the world, of all peoples and languages. The Bahá'í Faith looks different in different countries, because there are few rituals, so Bahá'ís can include their own culture in the way they celebrate Bahá'í events, say prayers, etc.

Bahá'ís meet every nineteen (19) days in a meeting called a "Feast". There does not have to be food, but there usually is. These meetings start with prayers and usually someone reads aloud some holy writings. Sometimes there is music and song, sometimes plays, sometimes just quiet time or meditation. After this time, which Bahá'ís call the "devotional" time in a feast, they have a community discussion. All sorts of topics can be discussed here that are important to the members. Bahá'ís say that this is a "consultative" time, where Bahá'ís can consult with each other. After this, there is a social time, where people can share food, drink (not alcohol), and sometimes here there is also music, or plays, or presentations, or other entertainment. This time is just so that the Bahá'ís in that city can get to know each other and become better friends.

Bahá'ís often do not have one place they get together, except in large cities. In smaller places they usually get together in each other's houses. Some larger cities have "Bahá'í Centers" which can be used for community meetings, classes, or for meetings of committees and other councils. (see Institutions below) 

In a very few cities in the world, there are Bahá'í temples. These temples are on each continent.

Bahá'ís are organized in a worldwide community. They do not have priests. Everyone is responsible for their own prayers. Bahá'ís are also responsible for reading their holy books for themselves and for learning about their religion. Baha'is elect leaders for their community, to help organize their activities, and to deal with problems between members, and to decide things that are not obvious from the scriptures. These are called Spiritual Assemblies, but will one day be called Houses of Justice. 

There is one House of Justice, which Bahá'ís call the Universal House of Justice, which leads the whole worldwide Bahá'í community. Bahá'ís elect this House of Justice every five years, but only once each year for National and Local Spiritual Assemblies.





Neoclassical economics

Neoclassical economics is an economic theory that argues for markets to be free. This means governments should generally not make rules about types of businesses, businesses' behaviour, who may make things, who may sell things, who may buy things, prices, quantities or types of things sold and bought. The theory argues that allowing individual actors (people or businesses) freedom creates better economic outcomes. These outcomes may be a higher average standard of living, higher wages, better average life-expectancies, and higher GDP. 

Markets are an abstract idea: assumed to be all the 'actors' (businesses or people) selling one thing, service or type of thing or service, and all the 'actors' buying it. 

Markets will 'reach equilibrium' if all the sellers who want to sell at or below a given price have sold to all the buyers who are willing to buy at or above a given price. the price is worked out in the market.

It may be easier to think about this in reverse: The market is not in equilibrium if people want to buy a haircut for ten (or more) dollars and someone is happy to sell the person a haircut for ten (or less) dollars, but for some reason this does not happen. 

Neoclassical economists say this will not happen. Neo-Keynesians say it might, so the government could make the customer and the person selling the haircut happier by helping the customer somehow.

Neo-Keynesian economy is an alternative to Neoclassical economy. The major point of difference between neoclassical economics and neo-Keynesian economics is about whether 'markets' 'reach equilibrium'. 

Nile

The Nile (النيل "an-nīl") is a river in Africa. It is the longest river on Earth (about 6,650 km or 4,132 miles), though other rivers carry more water. 

Its longest section starts in Lake Victoria, and flows into the Mediterranean Sea near Alexandria. It gets its name from the Greek word "Νεῖλος" ("Neil's"). 

This longest part is called the White Nile. It flows from Lake Victoria in Uganda, and through Sudan to Khartoum. There it is joined by the Blue Nile to form the Nile proper, which then flows through Egypt. The Blue Nile comes from Ethiopia near the Red Sea. The two branches meet near Khartoum, in the Sudan. About 300 million cubic metres of water flow down the Nile each day.

The Nile is essential to the drier countries in the north of Africa. On the Nile there are many boats: it is one of the easiest ways to get around. Historically, most cities in Egypt are built next to the river, and the pyramids are close to the Nile. The Nile has always provided most of the water used to grow crops in Egypt: much of the rest of the country is a desert. In ancient times the Nile flooded every year and the people would starve if there was not enough water for the crops. The Ancient Egyptians got papyrus from the Nile to write on. Papyrus is made from a plant which grows near the Nile.

Many different types of animals live in or near the waters of the Nile, including crocodiles, birds, fish and many others. Not only do animals depend on the Nile for survival, but also people who live there need it for everyday use like washing, as a water supply, keeping crops watered and other jobs.

Pyramids were built close to the Nile because they needed the granite stones from Aswan to be transported by barges down the Nile.

The word "Nile" comes from Greek "Neilos" (). Neilos came from the word "river valley". In the ancient Egyptian language, the Nile is called "Ḥ'pī" or "iteru", meaning "great river", represented by the hieroglyphs shown above (literally "itrw", and 'waters' determinative). In Coptic, the words "piaro" (Sahidic) or "phiaro" (Bohairic) meaning "the river" (lit. p(h).iar-o "the.canal-great") come from the same ancient name. 


Statue

A statue is a model of somebody or something, usually of a person or sometimes an animal. It is a sculpture. Several kinds of material can be used to make a statue, e.g. stone, bronze, clay, or wood. Statues are often at least life-size (the same size as the real person), but often they are much bigger, especially statues in the open air. Statues are often made to remember an important person (such as the statue of Alfred the Great), or to remember an event or an idea (such as the Statue of Liberty).

Usually there is some writing on a statue to say who the person is. This writing is called an epigraph. The statue may be standing on a base. This base is called a "plinth".

A bust is a statue of the head, shoulders and upper body of a person.

A colossus is an enormous statue.

A statue of someone on horseback (riding a horse) is called an equestrian statue.

Golden Retriever

Golden Retrievers are a very popular kind of dog. When the breed was first created, they were used for hunting. Now, they are sometimes used for hunting, but a lot of people like to have them as pets because they are very friendly. People also like them because their face looks like they are smiling all the time. Because they are so friendly, Golden Retrievers cannot be used as guard dogs, but they are good as drug dogs at airports and very good as service dogs for the blind (People who cannot see). They also like people, so when they are left alone for too long, they get very sad. Golden retrievers make very good pets because they are friendly and playful. 

Golden Retrievers are very good family dogs because they are extremely sweet and gentle with young children and do not bark very much. They are known for having a "soft mouth," and some have even been seen carrying raw eggs in their mouth without breaking them. Goldens are well known for their calm and easy-going temperament. They are great family dogs and provide good companionship. They are very smart and eager to please, which allows them to be easily trained. Golden Retrievers are very active dogs and need a lot of exercise. Goldens make wonderful pets, but they must exercise regularly to prevent weight gain and improve overall health. They require a great deal of grooming, as they shed hair daily. Goldens also enjoy the cool water.

Goldens are reliable, outgoing, intelligent, energetic, playful, and loving, especially when socialized well from a young age. This makes them popular family pets for many. Known for their trainability, loyalty, and easy-going nature, they make a great candidate for working dog roles, such as hunting workers, assistance dogs, guides for the blind, great swimmers, therapy dogs, search-and-rescue dogs, and even bomb detectors!

A good Golden Retriever has a strong body and a long coat that is mainly yellow or gold. Their fur even stops water because it has two special layers, one short and one long. They always have brown eyes and can show a lot of emotions with them. When they get old, their face turns white, but when they are young, they should not have any white on them. A normal male dog weighs 29-34 kilograms (65-75 pounds) and a normal female dog weighs 25-29 kilograms (55-65 pounds). From their front paws to their upper back, they are about 56-61 centimetres (22-24 inches) tall.

From light cream to almost red, goldens come in all shades of gold. In fact, identifying their color is one of the ways how Golden Retrievers can vary from each other. There are slight color variations between Goldens. Unlike Labradors that has three very distinct colors, Goldens tend to stay within a limited spectrum. There are generally three classifications of gold.

These include light golden (including cream-colored), golden, dark golden (but not red). This spectrum is strict, particularly for show dogs. If a Golden falls outside of this color range, it will not be registered with the American Kennel Club or it cannot compete.

As said earlier, Goldens are used a lot for people who cannot see, but they are also used for obedience trials and as assistant dogs for people who have seizures or cannot hear. They are very good at smelling things, so they are also good for hunting. The second part of their name, retriever, is very true because they love to fetch things for their people! Goldens love to catch tennis balls and frisbees. Goldens also enjoy the water.

There are two different kinds of Golden Retrievers: show dogs and field dogs. Show dogs have very long hair and a lighter color, but field dogs have a lot more differences. They have short hair and can have any shade of hair. Because they have shorter hair, it is easier to brush them because they do not get as many things caught in it.

Like a lot of purebred dogs, Goldens can have bad health. A big problem for Goldens is hip dysplasia, which makes the dog's bones hurt at its hips. Also, a lot of Goldens have skin allergies, so people have to be very careful to not wash the dog too much and make sure that it does not get fleas. It is also important to clean a Goldens ears regularly because their long ears do not give the ear canal a chance to breathe. Goldens also have problems with their eyes sometimes, but it's mostly when they get older.It is important when purchasing a new Golden Retriever puppy to review the medical history of their parents. Oftentimes "backyard breeders" have been known to over breed or breed dogs with health problems. A reputable breeder should be able to supply the most current health records for the dogs which they are breeding.

Golden Retrievers were developed by Lord Tweedmouth in Scotland. He took a yellow dog and another dog called a Tweed Water Spaniel, which is a dog that does not exist anymore. All Golden Retrievers are related to these two dogs. The breed was created to be stronger than other retrievers but more gentle with people so they could be trained very easily. Because of their popularity, the breed was shipped to America and Canada. There, they were evolved further, leading to cosmetic differences in the breed. Each country developed them to their liking.

In 1903, the breed was added to the list of the Kennel Club of England. The Golden Retriever became the most popular breed in the U.S. In 1925, Golden Retrievers were first registered by the American Kennel Club and in 1927, they were recognised by the Canadian Kennel Club. A little later, the Golden Retriever Club of America was founded in 1938.

Golden Retriever called 'Liberty' belonged to United States President Gerald R. Ford. This breed was in many films and TV series, including: Air Bud and Air Bud: Golden Receiver, Full House, Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey and Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco,Fluke, Napoleon, Up, Pushing Daisies, and The Drew Carey Show. A dog called Cash from The Fox and the Hound 2 was a mix of Golden Retriever and other breed.



Idea

When a person thinks of something, that which they think about is called an "idea". Ideas are concepts which exist in the mind. Nobody really knows how this works. Ideas are a mental product.

One idea can change the whole world. If someone has a better idea, they can try to convince others.


Connection

A connection is when two things are put together. This can either be a 'real' connection, like a chain linking two objects, or you can use the word in a figurative way. You might talk about a train connection between two cities, and mean the trains running between them.

Nobuo Uematsu

Nobuo Uematsu (植松 伸夫; Uematsu Nobuo, born March 21, 1959) is a Japanese video game music composer. He composed music for each role-playing games for Square Enix, including "Final Fantasy" and "Chrono Trigger".


Dharma

Dharma (or dhamma) is part of many religions or spiritual beliefs that began in South Asia. Hinduism, Buddhism, Ayyavazhi, Jainism, and Sikhism believe in that idea. It means "the law" of spiritual growth of believers.

In Buddhism, the word "Dharma" also means the very old teachings of the Buddha. For example, The Four Noble Truths.

In Hinduism, dharma is the spiritual law for human beings. It is the way of goodness, truth and duty. For example, a child's dharma is to be a good student. Parents’ dharma is to raise and support their family. A teacher’s dharma is to teach, and the dharma of the police is to protect others. Each age brings new responsibilities, so dharma will change over your lifetime. It is everyone’s dharma to be honest, kind and religious, to do no harm to others and to be a good citizen. Hindus believe that following dharma fulfills the highest purpose on earth. When people follow dharma, they feel good about themselves.

Columbus

Columbus usually refers to:

It might also mean:

Nucleus

Nucleus (plural: nuclei) means the center of something. It might mean:


Walter Sisulu

Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu (18 May 1912 – 5 May 2003) was a South African activist and politician. He fought against apartheid. Sisulu was the Secretary-General of the African National Congress from 1949 to 1954. Over the next 10 years he was put in prison seven times. 

He was one of many people, including Nelson Mandela to be found guilty of treason during trials between 1956 and 1961. He was sent to prison for 6 years because of this. While free on bail, he went into hiding. He was found in 1963 and put on trial again. In 1964, he as sent to prison for the rest of his life. He was released from prison in 1989. 

In 1991, he became the Deputy-President of the African National Congress. He held the position from July 1991 to 1994. Sisulu died from Parkinson's disease on 5 May 2003, aged 90.


List of U.S. state capitals

This is a list of United States state capital cities. Each has a capital building that acts as the center of government for its state. The capital city with the fewest people is Montpelier, Vermont, while the capital city with the most people is Phoenix, Arizona.
The dates listed in the following table indicate the years it has continuously served as the state's sole capital. Most states have changed their capital city at least once. In the case of the thirteen bottom states, "statehood" in the table refers to its date of ratification of the United States Constitution. 

Juneau, Alaska

The City and Borough of Juneau is the capital city of Alaska. It has been the capital of Alaska since 1906. It is one of 2 capital cities that cannot be reached by road, the other being Honolulu, Hawaii. 

The government of the then-District of Alaska was moved from Sitka by the decision of the U.S. Congress. The municipality unified in 1970 when the city of Juneau merged with the city of Douglas and the surrounding Greater Juneau Borough to form the current home rule municipality.

The area of Juneau is larger than that of Rhode Island and Delaware individually and almost as large as the two states combined. Downtown Juneau is at the base of Mount Juneau and across the channel from Douglas Island. As of the 2020 census, the City and Borough had a population of 32,255.

Juneau is named after gold prospector Joe Juneau, though the place was for a time called Rockwell and then Harrisburg (after Juneau's co-prospector, Richard Harris). 

The Tlingit name of the town is Dzántik'i Héeni (""river where the flounders gather""), and Auke Bay just north of Juneau proper is called "Aak'w" (""little lake"") in Tlingit. The Taku River, just south of Juneau, was named after the cold "t'aakh" wind, which occasionally blows down from the mountains.

Downtown Juneau sits at sea level, with tides averaging , below steep mountains about to high. Atop these mountains is the Juneau Icefield, a large ice mass from which about 30 glaciers flow; two of these, the Mendenhall Glacier and the Lemon Creek Glacier, are visible from the local road system; the Mendenhall glacier has been generally retreating; its front face is declining both in width and height.

The Alaska State Capitol in downtown Juneau was originally built as the Federal and Territorial Building in 1931. Prior to statehood, it housed federal government offices, the federal courthouse and a post office. It also housed the territorial legislature and many other territorial offices, including that of the governor. Today, it is still the home of the state legislature and the offices of the governor and lieutenant governor. Other executive branch offices have largely moved elsewhere, in Juneau or elsewhere in the state, in the ongoing battle between branches for space in the building, as well as the decades-long capital move issue. Recent discussion has been focused between relocating the seat of state government outside of Juneau and building a new capitol building in Juneau. Neither position has advanced very far. The Alaska Committee, a local community advocacy group, has led efforts to thus far keep the capital in Juneau.


Phoenix, Arizona

Phoenix is the capital and the largest city in the U.S. state of Arizona. The city is the county seat of Maricopa County. It is the largest capital city in the United States and the only capital with over more than million people. The city is along the normally dry Salt River. It became a city on February 25, 1881. People who live in Phoenix are known as Phoenicians.

Phoenix had 1,608,139 people in 2020. It is the fifth-largest city in the United States in the 2020 census. Phoenix is a very spread-out city. It has an area of 515 square miles. This makes it the 10th largest city by area. As of 2020, the Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) was the 11th-largest in the United States, with an estimated 4,845,832 people.

As early as 700 AD, the Hohokam people lived in the land that would become Phoenix. The Hohokam created about 135 miles (217 km) of irrigation canals. This let them grow things on the land.

It is believed that between AD 1300 and AD 1450 drought and floods caused the Hohokam to no longer live in the area. Spanish and Mexican explorers knew of the area but they did not go as far north as the Salt River Valley.

In 1867, Jack Swilling of Wickenburg, Arizona came to the area. He saw that the land was good for farming. The only problems he saw were a lack of rain and good irrigation. Swilling corrected the problem by having a series of canals built. A small community was created about four miles (6 km) east of the where the city is today.

The farming community was named Swilling's Mill. The name was later changed to Helling Mill, Mill City, and East Phoenix. Swilling was a Confederate soldier during the Civil War. He wanted to name the city "Stonewall," after Gen. Stonewall Jackson. Other people had other ideas for names. Finally, Lord Darrell Duppa suggested the name "Phoenix". The name is the same as the mythological fire bird which is born again from its own ash after it dies. It was a good name for a city born from a former civilization.

On February 25 1881, Phoenix became an incorporated city. At that time it had about 2,500 people. Phoenix held its first city election on May 3 1881. Judge John T. Alsap defeated James D. Monihon, 127 to 107, to become the city's first mayor. In early 1888, the city offices were moved into the new City Hall.

The coming of the railroad in the 1880s was the first of several important events changed the economy of Phoenix. Phoenix became a trade center. In response, the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce was created on November 4 1888.

Phoenix is at 33°26'54" North, 112°4'26" West (33.448457°, -112.073844°) in the Salt River Valley, or "Valley of the Sun", in central Arizona. It is at a mean elevation of 1,117 feet (340 m), in the northern reaches of the Sonoran Desert.

Other than the mountains in and around the city, the topography of Phoenix is mostly flat. This allows the city's main streets to run on a precise grid with wide, open-spaced roadways.

The Salt River runs westward through the city of Phoenix. The riverbed is often dry or just a trickle due to large irrigation usage. The river is full after infrequent rainstorms or when more water is released from upstream dams. The city of Tempe has built two inflatable dams in the Salt River bed to create a year-round recreational lake, called Tempe Town Lake. The dams are deflated to allow the river to flow unimpeded during releases. Lake Pleasant Regional Park is in Northwest Phoenix in the suburb of Peoria, Arizona.

As with most of Arizona, Phoenix does not observe daylight saving time. In 1973, Gov. Jack Williams argued to Congress that energy use would increase in the evening. Refrigeration units were not used as often in the morning on standard time. He went on to say that energy use would rise "because there would be more lights on in the early morning." He was also concerned about children going to school in the dark, which indeed they were. Navajo Nation lands in Northeastern Arizona observe daylight saving time in conjunction with the rest of their tribal lands in other states.

Phoenix has an arid climate, with very hot summers and temperate winters. The average summer high temperature is among the hottest of any populated area in the United States and approaches those of cities such as Riyadh and Baghdad. The temperature reaches or exceeds 100°F (38°C) on an average of 110 days during the year, including most days from late May through early September, and highs top 110 °F (43 °C) an average of 21 days during the year. On June 26, 1990, the temperature reached an all-time recorded high of 122 °F (50 °C).

On average, Phoenix has only 2 days per year where the temperature drops to or below freezing. Frequently, outlying areas of Phoenix see frost, but the airport does not. The earliest frost on record occurred on November 3, 1946, and the latest occurred on April 4, 1945. The all-time lowest recorded temperature in Phoenix was 16 °F (-8.8 °C) on January 7, 1913.

Since 1986, the city of Phoenix has been divided into urban villages, many of which are based upon historically significant neighborhoods and communities. Each village has a planning committee. This committee is appointed directly by the city council. According to the village planning handbook issued by the city, the purpose of the village planning committees is to work with the city's planning commission to ensure a balance of housing and employment in each village. The committees also concentrate on development at identified village cores, and to promote the unique character and identity of the villages.

There are 15 urban villages in the city at this time: Ahwatukee Foothills, Alhambra, Camelback East, Central City, Deer Valley, Desert View, Encanto, Estrella, Laveen, Maryvale, North Gateway, North Mountain, Paradise Valley (not to be confused with the town of Paradise Valley), South Mountain and Rio Vista. Rio Vista was created as New Village in 2004 and is currently very sparsely populated, with no large amount of development expected in the near future.

Commonly referred-to Phoenix regions and districts include Downtown, Midtown, West Phoenix, North Phoenix, South Phoenix, Biltmore Area, Arcadia, Sunnyslope, Ahwatukee.

The early economy of Phoenix was mostly agricultural. It was mostly dependent on cotton and citrus farming. In the last twenty years, the economy has changed as quickly as the number of people has grown. As the state capital of Arizona, many residents in the area are employed by the government. Arizona State University is there. Many high-tech and telecommunications companies have also recently moved to the area. Due to the warm climate in winter, Phoenix benefits greatly from seasonal tourism and recreation, and the golf industry.

Phoenix is currently home to several Fortune 1000 companies. Companies in Phoenix include waste management company Allied Waste, electronics corporation Avnet, Apollo Group (which operates the University of Phoenix), mining company Freeport-McMoRan (recently merged with Phoenix-based Phelps Dodge), retailer PetSmart, development company Tempo Creative, energy supplier Pinnacle West and retailer CSK Auto. Honeywell's Aerospace division is headquartered in Phoenix, and the valley hosts many of their avionics and mechanical facilities. Intel has one of their largest sites here, employing about 10,000 employees and 3 chip manufacturing fabs, including the $3 billion state-of-the-art 300 mm and 45 nm Fab 32. American Express hosts their financial transactions, customer information, and their entire website in Phoenix. The city is also home to the headquarters of U-HAUL International, a rental company and moving supply store, as well Best Western, a hotel chain. Mesa Air Group, a regional airline group, is headquartered in Phoenix.

The military has a significant presence in Phoenix with Luke Air Force Base in the western suburbs. At its height, in the 1940s, the Phoenix area had three military bases: Luke Field (still in use), Falcon Field, and Williams Air Force Base (now Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport), with many other air fields throughout the region.

As the capital of Arizona, Phoenix houses the state legislature. In 1913, the commission form of government was adopted. The city of Phoenix is served by a city council. The city council is made up of a mayor and eight city council members. The mayor is elected in a citywide vote to a four-year term. Phoenix City Council members are elected to four-year terms by voters in each of the eight districts.

The current mayor of Phoenix is Phil Gordon, who was elected to a four-year term in 2003. He was again re-elected to another four-year term in 2007. The mayor and city council members have equal voting power to govern the city.

Phoenix operates under a council-manager form of government, with a strong city manager. The city manage supervises all city departments and executing policies adopted by the council.

The United States Postal Service operates post offices throughout Phoenix. The main Phoenix Post Office is at 4949 East Van Buren Street.

As of February 9, 2009, Phoenix offers a domestic partnership registry open to opposite- and same-sex couples with no resident requirements for registrants.

By the 1970s there was rising crime and a decline in business within the downtown core. The city's crime rates in many categories have improved since that time, but still are higher than state and national averages. The crime rate in Phoenix has gone down through the years. However, recent kidnappings and human trafficking due to the Mexican drug trade have brought negative attention to the city.

Car theft has been a problem in Phoenix. In 2001, Phoenix was number one for theft rate with 35,161 total thefts, giving a rate of 1,081.25 per 100,000. However, in 2003, Phoenix dropped to second for with 1,253.71 per 100,000, although it was first for total car thefts with 40,769.


Little Rock, Arkansas

Little Rock is the capital city and largest city of the U.S. state of Arkansas. Billy Joel mentions it in "We Didn't Start the Fire".

Hartford, Connecticut

Hartford is the capital city of the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is on the Connecticut River and only 24 miles from Springfield, Massachusetts. The city of Hartford had 121,054 people as of 2020. This is the third most people in the state behind Bridgeport and New Haven. It is an important center of Insurance. Airline service is provided from Bradley International Airport.

Hartford has an American Hockey League team called the Hartford Wolf Pack, a rugby team called the Hartford Wanderers and a United Football League team called the Hartford Colonials. From 1979 to 1997 Hartford had a National Hockey League team called the Hartford Whalers.

The first Europeans known to have explored the area were the Dutch. They were led by Adriaen Block. They sailed up the Connecticut River in 1614. Dutch fur traders from New Amsterdam came back in 1623. They wanted to build a trading post and fortify the area for the Dutch West India Company. The first place was on the south bank of the Park River. This would have been in the present-day Sheldon/Charter Oak neighborhood. This fort was called Fort Hoop or the "House of Hope." In 1633, Jacob Van Curler bought the land around Fort Hoop from the Pequot chief. He paid only a small price. A few families and a few dozen soldiers lived there at that time. Everyone left the fort by 1654. The area is known today as Dutch Point; the name of the Dutch fort "House of Hope" is reflected in the name of Huyshope Avenue.

The English started to come in 1636. They settled upstream from Fort Hoop near the present-day Downtown and Sheldon/Charter Oak neighborhoods.
Throughout the 19th century, Hartford's number of people, economic productivity, cultural influence, and political power continued to grow. The Industrial Revolution in Hartford in the mid-1800s made it one of the wealthiest per capita in United States.

On December 15, 1814, people from the five New England states (Maine was still part of Massachusetts at that time) came together at the Hartford Convention. Unhappy about the War of 1812, they discussed New England possibly breaking away from the United States.

During the early 19th century, the Hartford area was an important place for abolitionist activity. The most famous abolitionist family was the Beechers. The Reverend Lyman Beecher was an important Congregational minister known for his anti-slavery sermons. His daughter, Harriet Beecher Stowe, wrote "Uncle Tom's Cabin"; her brother Henry Ward Beecher was a well-known clergyman who strongly hated slavery. He also supported the temperance movement and women's suffrage. The Stowes' sister Isabella Beecher Hooker was a leading member of the women's rights movement.

On the week of April 12, 1909, the Connecticut River reached a record high flood stage of 24.5 feet (7.47 meters) above the low water mark. This flooded Hartford. It did a lot of damage.

On July 6, 1944, one of the worst fire disasters in the history of the United States happened in Hartford. It happened at a performance of the Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus. It became known as the Hartford Circus Fire.

After World War II, many people from Puerto Rico moved to Hartford.

Riverfront Plaza was opened in 1999. This connected the riverfront and the downtown area for the first time since the 1960s.

In July 2017, Hartford thought about filing Chapter 9 bankruptcy. However, a state bailout later that year stopped the city from filing the form.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and (3.67%) is water.

Hartford is in the humid continental climate zone (Köppen "Dfa"). This means it has hot, humid summers and cold winters.

The census of 2010 says that there were 124,775 people, 44,986 households, and 27,171 families living in the Hartford.

The people were 29.8% white, 38.7% African American or black, 0.6% Native American, 2.8% Asian, 0% Pacific Islander, 23.9% from other races, and 4.2% from two or more races. 43.4% of the people were Hispanic or Latino, mostly from Puerto Rico. This amount is up from 32% in 1990. Whites not of Latino background made up 15.8% of the people in 2010, down from 63.9% in 1970.

There were 44,986 households. Of that, 34.4% of them had children under the age of 18 living with them, 25.2% were married couples living together, 29.6% had a woman with no husband, and 39.6% were not families. 33.2% of all households were made up of individuals. 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58. The average family size was 3.33.

30.1% of the people younger than 18, 12.6% were 18 to 24 years old, 29.8% were 25 to 44 years old, 18.0% were 45 to 64 years old, and 9.5% were 65 years old or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 women, there were 91.4 men. For every 100 women aged 18 and over, there were 86.0 men.

The median income for a household in Hartford was $20,820. The median income for a family was $22,051. Men had a median income of $28,444. Women had a median income of $26,131. The per capita income for the city was $13,428.

Hartford has a strong mayor-council government. In 2003, Hartford voted to have a mayor-council system. They had a council-manager form for more than 50 years. Mayor Eddie Perez was first elected in 2001. He was re-elected with 76% of the vote in 2003. He was the first strong mayor elected under the new government system. He is credited with lowering crime, reforming the school system, and helping the economy in the city. However, his reputation was hurt by accusations of corruption. The current mayor is Luke Bronin.

Connecticut cities provide almost all local services such as fire and rescue, education, and snow removal. This is because county government no longer exists in Connecticut since 1960.

In 2008, Hartford passed a law that gives services to all residents no matter what their immigration was. That law also stops police from arresting people only because of their immigration status. It also stops police from asking about a person's immigration status. In 2016, Hartford said it was a "Sanctuary city", although the term itself does not have an legal meaning.

The Hartford Fire Department provides all fire protection in Hartford. They have 12 fire stations in the Hartford. It is the fifth-biggest fire department in Connecticut. They also have a fire apparatus fleet.

The Hartford Police Department was created in 1860. Although, law enforcement in Hartford started in 1636. It is at 253 High Street.It includes divisions such as animal control, bomb squad, and detective bureau.

Hartford uses private companies to provide ambulances, including Aetna Ambulance.

Hartford is an important place for medical care, research, and education. In Hartford itself, the city has Hartford Hospital, The Institute of Living, Connecticut Children's Medical Center, and Saint Francis Hospital & Medical Center (which merged in 1990 with Mount Sinai Hospital).

In March 2018, Infosys said they would open a new technology innovation hub in Hartford. This would create up to 1,000 jobs by 2022. The Hartford technology innovation hub will focus on three key things- insurance, healthcare and manufacturing.

Local unemployment is high in Hartford compared to other cities, the state, and the nation. Hartford's unemployment rate of 7.5% in the fall of 2018 was the highest of the four biggest cities in Connecticut. As a whole, Connecticut's unemployment rate remains above 5% while the National rate hovers just under 4%.

The daily "Hartford Courant" newspaper is the United States's oldest continuously published newspaper. It was created in 1764. A weekly newspaper called the "Hartford Advocate" also serves Hartford and the surrounding area. Other newspapers include the "Hartford Business Journal" ("Greater Hartford's Business Weekly") and the weekly "Hartford News".

The Hartford region also has some magazines. They include the "Hartford Magazine", a monthly lifestyle magazine serving Greater Hartford; "CT Cottages & Gardens"; "Connecticut Business", a monthly magazine serving all of Connecticut; and "Home Living CT", a home and garden magazine published five times per year.

The Hartford/New Haven television market is the 29th biggest media market in the U.S.

Hartford has many famous institutions such as Trinity College.

Hartford Public Schools runs the public school system. Hartford Public High School, the nation's second-oldest high school, is in the Asylum Hill neighborhood of Hartford.

The Connecticut Department of Education says that Hartford's high school graduation rate reached 71 percent in 2013.

I-84 and I-91 intersect in downtown Hartford.

Amtrak provides service from Hartford to Vermont via Springfield and southward to New Haven. The station also has many bus companies.

Bradley International Airport (BDL) is in Windsor Locks, Connecticut. It has more than 150 flights every day. Those flights go to over 30 different places on 9 airlines. Connecticut Transit provides bus service between Bradley International Airport and downtown Hartford. Other airports serving the Hartford area include:

Connecticut Transit (CTtransit) is owned by the Connecticut Department of Transportation. The Hartford Division of CTtransit runs the local bus service in the city and the surrounding area. Hartford's Downtown Area Shuttle (DASH) bus route is a free downtown circulator. All city buses have bike racks.

There are bicycle lanes on many roads including Capitol Avenue, Zion Street, Scarborough Lane, Whitney, and South Whitney.

The first American cookbook was "American Cookery, The Art of Dressing Viands, Fish, Poultry, and Vegetables" by Amelia Simons, was published in Hartford by Hudson & Goodwin in 1796. It was also the first cookbook to have recipes for squash and cornmeal. It also had the first published recipe for pumpkin pie. It influenced a generation of American baking with a recipe for leavening bread with pearl ash. The full text of the book is available online.

Hartford got praise from "Food and Wine" as "a foodie destination".

Hartford has many seasonal farmers' markets. The Hartford Regional Market is the biggest market between New York City and Boston.

The Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League plays ice hockey at the XL Center in downtown Hartford.

As of 2019, Hartford has a USL team. They play in the 9,600 seat Dillon Stadium.

Hartford has had historically important people, such as dictionary author Noah Webster (1758–1843), inventor Sam Colt (1814–62), and American financier and industrialist J.P. Morgan (1837–1913).

Some of America's most famous authors lived in Hartford, including Mark Twain (1835–1910). He moved to Hartford in 1874. Twain's next-door neighbor at Nook Farm was Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811–96). Poet Wallace Stevens (1879–1955) was an insurance executive in Hartford. World War II correspondent Lyn Crost (1915–97) lived in Hartford.

Hartford has many sister cities. They include:


Dover, Delaware

Dover is the capital city of the U.S. state of Delaware. It is the county seat of Kent County, which is in the middle of the state. Dover had 39,403 people in 2020.
William Penn founded Dover as the court town for newly established Kent County in 1683. Penn was the proprietor of the territory generally known as the "Lower Counties on the Delaware." In 1717, a special commission of the Delaware General Assembly laid out the city. The capital of the state of Delaware was moved here from Newcastle in 1777 because of its central location and relative safety from British raiders on the Delaware River. Because of an act passed in October 1779, the assembly elected to meet at any place in the state they saw fit, meeting successively in Wilmington, Lewes, Dover, Newcastle, and Lewes again, until the capital moved to Dover permanently in October 1781. The city's central square, known as The Green, was the location of many rallies, troop reviews, and other patriotic events. Today, The Green remains the heart of Dover's historic district and is the location of the Delaware Supreme Court and the Kent County Courthouse.

Dover was most famously the home of Caesar Rodney, the popular wartime leader of Delaware during the American Revolution.

Dover and Kent County were deeply divided over the issue of slavery, and the city was a "stop" on the Underground Railroad. It was also home to a large Quaker community that encouraged a sustained emancipation effort in the early nineteenth century. There were very few slaves in the area, but a majority of people wanted to keep slavery legal until the Civil War.

The main north–south highway through Dover is U.S. Route 13, which runs through the main commercial strip of Dover on the multi-lane, divided Dupont Highway. An alternate route of U.S. Route 13, U.S. Route 13 Alternate, passes through downtown Dover on Governors Avenue. The Delaware Route 1 turnpike, which provides the main route to Wilmington and the Delaware beaches, passes to the east of Dover. It ends near the Dover Air Force Base and DE 1 continues south on Bay Road. U.S. Route 113 formerly ran along Bay Road from Milford to US 13 near the State Capitol Complex, however it was decommissioned in 2004 to avoid the concurrency with DE 1 between the Dover Air Force Base and Milford. Delaware Route 8 is the main east–west route through Dover, passing through downtown on Division Street and West Dover on Forrest Avenue. It continues west toward Maryland to provide access to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge. Dover is one of only four state capitals not served by an interstate highway.

Dover Air Force Base is inside the southeast corporate limits of Dover, however the closest sizable civilian airport to Dover is the New Castle Airport in New Castle. The closest airports with commercial air service to Dover include the Wicomico Regional Airport in Salisbury, Maryland, the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport in Baltimore, Maryland, and the Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Dover is on a former Pennsylvania Railroad line, which is now served by Norfolk Southern. At one time Dover had a daily Amtrak passenger service; however, the line now is just used for local freight. The closest passenger rail station is the Amtrak station in Wilmington.

DART First State provides weekday local bus service throughout Dover, speading from the Water Street Transfer Center in downtown. They also provide inter-county service to Wilmington and Georgetown and seasonal service to Rehoboth Beach.

Greyhound Lines are provided as inter-city bus transportation.

Dover has Delaware State University, a land-grant university and Delaware's only historically black university, and Wesley College. It is also home to the Terry Campus of the Delaware Technical & Community College and that college's administrative offices. Dover also has satellite locations of the University of Delaware and Wilmington University.

Three public high schools serve Dover residents. Caesar Rodney High School, in the Caesar Rodney School District (just outside the city in Camden); Dover High School, in the Capital School District; and Polytech High School, in the Polytech School District (in Woodside).

The Dover Air Force Base Middle School is on the grounds of the Dover Air Force Base. This school is unusual in that it is run by the Caesar Rodney School District and not the Department of Defense.

Boise, Idaho

Boise is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Idaho. It is also the county seat of Ada County.

The Anne Frank Human Rights Memorial is in Boise. It is the only human rights memorial in the US.

Although different people believe different stories about the origin of the name, it is generally accepted that the name "Boise" originates from the French word "boisée" which means "wooded".

Springfield, Illinois

Springfield is the capital city of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the county seat and largest city of Sangamon County, Illinois. It is close to the center of the state. In the 2020 census, Springfield had more than 110,000 people living in it.

The state Capitol, in the middle of Springfield, is where the General Assembly (the state's legislature) meets and where the governor's office is. The Capitol is a big building with a dome that can be seen from many miles away. Springfield also has an old capitol, which is now a historic site.

Springfield was the home of Abraham Lincoln before he was elected president in 1860. Lincoln was a lawyer and practiced law many places in Illinois. His office is near the old capitol. When he died, his body was brought back to Springfield. His home, his law office, his tomb are all open to the public. Springfield also has a new building with a museum and library dedicated to him and his presidency.

Springfield has two Interstate highways: I-55 and I-72. I-55 runs from Chicago to Springfield and then through St. Louis, Missouri. Springfield also has many smaller roads to other cities.




Indianapolis

Indianapolis ( ), commonly called Indy, is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Indiana. It is also the seat of Marion County and is combined with the county as a part of Unigov. The U.S. Census Bureau said that the population of Indianapolis together with Marion County was 977,203 in 2020. The "balance" population was 887,642. This measurement leaves out some cities that are slightly autonomous from Unigov. It is the 16th-most populous city in the U.S., the third-most populous city in the Midwest after Chicago and Columbus, Ohio, and the fourth-most populous state capital after Phoenix, Arizona, Austin, Texas, and Columbus. The Indianapolis metropolitan area is the 33rd-most populous metropolitan statistical area in the U.S., with 2,111,040 residents. Its combined statistical area ranks 28th, with a population of 2,431,361. Indianapolis has an area of . This makes it the 18th largest city by land area in the U.S.

Indigenous peoples lived in the area as early as 10,000 BC. In 1818, the Lenape gave their territory to the U.S. in the Treaty of St. Mary's. In 1821, Indianapolis was made as a planned city to be the new capital of Indiana. The old capital was Corydon. The city was platted by Alexander Ralston and Elias Pym Fordham on a grid next to the White River. The finishing of the National and Michigan roads and the start of railroad building made the city an important transport hub. Two of the nicknames for Indianapolis (the "Crossroads of America" and "Railroad City") matches the city's history with transportation. In 1970, Indianapolis and Marion County were combined. This system is called Unigov. The city is led by an elected 25-member city-county council led by the mayor.

Indianapolis has the 30th-largest city economy in the U.S. It is based on the industries of trade, transportation, utilities, business services, education, health, government, leisure, and manufacturing. The city has big amateur sports and auto racing markets. The city is home to three "Fortune" 500 companies, two major league sports teams, the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League and the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association, five university campuses, and many museums. Indianapolis has the world's largest children's museum. The city is maybe best known for hosting the world's largest single-day sporting event, the Indianapolis 500. The city has many historic sites and districts. Indianapolis has the most monuments about veterans and war casualties in the U.S. outside of Washington, D.C.

Des Moines, Iowa

Des Moines is a city in Iowa. It is the capital city of Iowa. The city had a population of 214,133 in the 2020 United States Census. It is the home of the Des Moines Art Center, a regional art museum, and the Pappajohn Sculpture Park, an outdoor sculpture garden.

Topeka, Kansas

Topeka () is the capital city of the U.S. state of Kansas. Topeka is the county seat of Shawnee County, and it is in the northeast part of the state. In 2020, 126,587 people lived there.

Topeka was established in 1854 when nine white men founded the Topeka Town Association. At an election in November 1861, the people of Kansas chose Topeka as the permanent capital of the state.

The name "Topeka" is made up of three words from the Kaw, Omaha, and Iowa Native American tribes. The first, "to", means "potato". The second, "pe" (short for "pekae") is an adjective meaning "good". The third, "okae", means "to dig". Thus, the name "Topeka" means "a good place to dig potatoes". The name was chosen because "[i]t was a novel name of Indian origin, euphonious [pleasing] of sound and simple".

Charles Sheldon and Charles Fox Parham, both important people in the history of American Christianity, were preachers in Topeka. Many historians believe that the modern Pentecostalism movement started in Monroe's church in 1901. Sheldon was a preacher in Topeka around the same time, who is famous for coming up with the phrase "What would Jesus do?"

"Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka" was a lawsuit that went before the United States Supreme Court in 1954. Several families sued the public school board in Topeka for the right for black students to go to the same schools as white students. The Supreme Court decided that school districts could not make students go to different schools because of their race. Today, the government has a museum in Topeka about "Brown v. Board of Education" and civil rights for African-Americans.

Topeka is at , in north east Kansas. It is at the intersection of I-70 and U.S. Highway 75. It is the start of I-335 which is a part of the Kansas Turnpike running from Topeka to Emporia, Kansas. Topeka is also on U.S. Highway 24 (about 50 miles east of Manhattan, Kansas) and U.S. Highway 40 (about 30 miles west of Lawrence, Kansas). U.S.-40 is coincident with I-70 west from Topeka. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

In 2007 Forbes Magazine saidd Topeka as one of the leading U.S. cities in terms of having the biggest changes in temperature, precipitation, and wind.
Topeka has a humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). It has hot, somewhat humid summers and cool to cold, fairly dry winters. It is in USDA Plant Hardiness Zone 6. Over the course of a year, the monthly daily average temperature ranges from in January to in July. The high temperature reaches on average of 41.5 afternoons per year. The high reaches an average of 3.5 afternoons per year. The low temperature falls below on average of four mornings per year, and there are 21 afternoons per year that stay below freezing. The general time of year for freezing temperatures is October 15 through April 17.

The area gets about of precipitation during an average year. The most being received in May and June—the April through June period averages 33 days of measurable precipitation. Generally, the spring and summer months have the most rainfall. Autumn and winter are fairly dry. During a typical year the total amount of precipitation may be anywhere from . Much of the rainfall is comes from thunderstorms. These can be very bad. They often have lightning, big hail, and sometimes tornadoes. Winter snowfall averages almost . Measurable (≥) snowfall occurs an average of 12.9 days per year, with at least one inch (0.025 metre) of snow being received on five of those days. Snow depth of at least an inch happens an average of 20 days per year.
The 2020 census says that there were 126,587 people, 53,938 households, and 29,912 families living in Topeka. Of the households, 54.8% owned their home and 45.2% rented their home.

The median age was 38.3 years. Of the people, 68.4% were White, 10.4% were Black, 1.6% were Asian, 1.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 6.1% were from some other race, and 11.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 127,473 people, 53,943 households, and 30,707 families living in Topeka.

C W Porubsky's Deli & Tavern's chili "has been a to north Topeka since 1951". In 2014, "Travel + Leisure" said it was one of America's Best Chilis.

The "Topeka Capital-Journal" is a newspaper that is published every day. "The Topeka Metro News" is a newspaper that is published twice per week. Both newspapers have online versions (The Topeka Metro News - Online Edition and CJOnline).

The following radio stations are licensed to Topeka:

AM
FM
The following television stations are licensed to Topeka:

Greyhound Lines has buses going towards Denver, Colorado, eastward to Kansas City, Missouri, and southwest to Wichita, Kansas.



Baton Rouge, Louisiana

Baton Rouge is the capital and second-largest city of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Augusta, Maine

Augusta is the capital city of the U.S. state of Maine. As of 2020, 18,896 people live in Augusta.

Saint Paul, Minnesota

Saint Paul (often abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. St. Paul and Minneapolis are known as the Twin Cities. 



Jackson, Mississippi

Jackson is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Mississippi. The city is also one of two county seats of Hinds County, along with Raymond. The city had a population of 153,701 at the 2020 census, down from 173,514 at the 2010 census. Jackson's population declined more between 2010 and 2020 (11.42%) than any major city in the United States. Jackson is the anchor for the Jackson metropolitan statistical area, the largest metropolitan area completely within the state and the 10th largest urban area in the Deep South. With a 2020 population estimated around 600,000, metropolitan Jackson is home to over one-fifth of Mississippi's population. The city sits on the Pearl River and is located in the greater Jackson Prairie region of Mississippi. Jackson is the only city in Mississippi with a population over 100,000.

Founded in 1821 as the site for a new state capital, the city is named after General Andrew Jackson, who was honored for his role in the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812 and later served as U.S. president. Following the nearby Battle of Vicksburg in 1863 during the American Civil War, Union forces under the command of General William Tecumseh Sherman began the siege of Jackson and the city was subsequently burned.

During the 1920s, Jackson surpassed Meridian to become the most populous city in the state following a speculative natural gas boom in the region. The current slogan for the city is "The City with Soul". It has had numerous musicians prominent in blues, gospel, folk, and jazz. The city is located in the deep south halfway between Memphis and New Orleans on Interstate 55 and Dallas and Atlanta on Interstate 20. Being at this location has given the city the nickname the "crossroads of the south".

The city has a number of museums and cultural institutions, including the Mississippi Children's Museum, Mississippi Museum of Natural Science, Mississippi Civil Rights Museum, Mississippi Museum of Art, Old Capital Museum, Museum of Mississippi History. Other notable locations are the Mississippi Coliseum and the Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium, home of the Jackson State Tigers football team.

The Jackson metropolitan statistical area is the state's second largest metropolitan area overall, due to four counties in northern Mississippi being part of the Memphis, Tennessee metropolitan area. In 2020, the Jackson metropolitan area held a GDP of 30 billion dollars, accounting for 29% of the state's total GDP of 104.1 billion dollars.

Jefferson City, Missouri

Jefferson City is the capital of the U.S. state of Missouri. It is also county seat of Cole County. (The Jefferson City metropolitan area includes all of Callaway and Cole counties.) As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,228. Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States.

Jefferson City is on the northern edge of the Ozark Plateau on the southern side of the Missouri River near the geographic center of the state, in a region known as Mid-Missouri. It is at the western edge of the Missouri Rhineland, one of the major wine-producing regions of the Midwest.

In pre-Columbian times, this region was home of an ancient people known only as the Mound Builders. By the time European settlers began arriving, the Mound Builders had vanished into history. The contemporary indigenous peoples were called the Osage Indians. When the Missouri Territory was organized in 1812, St. Louis was the seat of government. St. Charles next served as the capital.

The new state legislature decided to build a new capital city in the middle of the state in 1821. They named it after Thomas Jefferson, who was still alive. A village was already there called Lohman's Landing. For years the village was little more than a trading post located in the wilderness about midway between St. Louis and Kansas City. In 1826 the Missouri legislature first met here and in 1839 the settlement was incorporated as a city.

Jefferson City was selected as the site for a state prison and, in 1836, the Missouri State Penitentiary was opened. The prison was home to a number of infamous Americans, including: former heavyweight champion Sonny Liston, assassin James Earl Ray, and bank robber Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd.
During the American Civil War, Jefferson City was occupied by Union troops. Many of the people in the state supported the Union, although Missouri's Little Dixie section along the river in western counties was strongly Confederate.

German immigrants created vineyards in small towns on either side of the Missouri River, especially on the north from Jefferson City east to Marthasville outside St. Louis. Known as the Missouri Rhineland for its vineyards, first established by German immigrants in the mid-19th century, this area has become a part of the agricultural and tourist economy.

Jefferson City is located at (38.572954, -92.189283). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and (3.61%) is water.

Jefferson City is served by the Jefferson City Public School District, which operates Jefferson City High School, Simonsen 9th Grade Center, Lewis and Clark Middle School and Thomas Jefferson Middle School, and eleven elementary schools. The district is currently considering building a second high school. There are 4 private elementary schools: St. Joseph's Cathedral, St. Peter , Immaculate Conception , and Trinity Lutheran.Calvary Lutheran, Helias Catholic, and Lighthouse Preparatory Academy are Jefferson City's private high schools.

Lincoln University is a public historically black university with open enrollment and certificate, associate, bachelor, and graduate programs. Columbia College, Linn State Technical College, William Woods University, Metro Business College, and Merrell University also have locations in Jefferson City with varying degree levels and options.

Jefftran operates a public bus system year-round. Jefferson City is one of four state capitols in United States that are not served by an interstate highway. Only four other state capitols nationwide share in this oddity. Interstate 70 passes by the city to the north, in Columbia. U.S. Highways in the city include U.S. Route 50, U.S. Route 54, and U.S. Route 63. Also Route 179 and Route 94 run through the city, giving it four highways that intersect with I-70. Jefferson City is also home to an Amtrak station.



Helena, Montana

Helena is the capital city of the U.S. state of Montana. It is also the county seat of Lewis and Clark County. About 32,000 people lived there in 2020.

Surrounding features include Spring Meadow Lake State Park, Lake Helena, Helena National Forest, the Big Belt Mountains, the Gates of the Mountains Wilderness, the Missouri River, Canyon Ferry Lake, Holter Lake, Hauser Lake, and the Elkhorn Mountains.



Carson City, Nevada

Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada. At the 2020 census, Carson City had a population of 58,639.

Settlers who lived present-day Carson City named the area "Washoe", after the Washoe Native Americans who lived there. John C. Frémont and his party of explorers were the first European Americans to visit the Carson City area in 1843. Frémont named a river flowing through the valley Carson River for Christopher "Kit" Carson, who was a scout on Frémont's expedition.

When Nevada became a state in 1864 during the Civil War, Carson City was confirmed as Nevada's permanent capital. Abraham Curry, the founder of Carson City, reserved an area equivalent to four city blocks (10 acres or 4.04 ha) at the center of the town for the future state capitol building. When the Capitol building was built ten years later, it was located there. The fourth session of the state legislature met in the still-incomplete building at the beginning of 1871. Construction was completed by May 1, 1871.

There are three major highways in the city US Route 395, US Route 50 and Interstate 580.

Carson City's first bus system, called Jump Around Carson, opened in October 2005. There is almost no ground public transportation to other cities. Passenger train service stopped in 1948. Greyhound Lines stopped bus service there in 2006. Amtrak stopped their bus to Sacramento in 2008. Greyhound and Amtrak have busses to Reno, Monday to Friday.

Carson Airport is in the northern part of the city. Reno-Tahoe International Airport, away, has domestic commercial flights.

Austin, Texas

Austin is the capital city of the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Travis County. Austin is the 11th-largest city in the United States, and the 4th-largest in Texas. Its population in 2020 was 961,855. The University of Texas at Austin is located there.

Austin is frequently called the "Live Music Capital of the World". Several Fortune 500 companies have their main offices (also known as the headquarters) and regional offices in Austin.

Austin was first called Waterloo in 1835. In 1839, it was chosen to be the capital city of The Republic of Texas and named for Stephen F. Austin. The University of Texas at Austin was founded in 1883.

In March 2018, a series of bombings occurred in Austin killing two people.

Austin has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification) with hot summers and mild winters. The city rarely gets snow at all and frosts are infrequent.

The current mayor of Austin is Steve Adler.

Austin also has a city council with ten district representatives plus the mayor.

Many businesses have their main offices in or near Austin, including AMD, Dell, Freescale Semiconductors, PayPal, and Whole Foods.

-6th Street (Also known as Pecan Street): Known for various bars, including old fashioned saloons, dive bars, gay bars, etc. Most of these bars host live music.

-Mount Bonnell: The highest point in Austin, TX. Come here for romantic moments and beautiful nature in front of scenic vistas.

-Capitol Building: Taller than the U.S. Capitol.

-Congress Ave.: One of the main streets of the city. Famous for the bat bridge which hosts millions of Mexican Free-Tail Bats. South Congress Ave. (Aka SOCO) is a famous tourist district with unique and odd shops, trailer park eats, and more live music.

The sports team of the University of Texas at Austin is known as the Texas Longhorns.

Austin is the largest city in the United States without a major-league professional sports team.

Formula One has made an agreement with the city of Austin to host the Formula 1 United States Grand Prix in the city. A new racetrack was built to host the race. The United States Grand Prix began taking place in Austin since 2012.

Montpelier, Vermont

Montpelier 
is a city in the U.S. state of Vermont that serves as the state capital. It is also the shire town (county seat) of Washington County. As the capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the site of the Vermont State House, the seat of the legislative branch of Vermont government. The Vermont State House has a golden dome. The population was 8,074 at the 2020 census. By population, it is the smallest state capital in the United States. The Vermont History Museum and Vermont College of Fine Arts are in Montpelier.

The state legislature made Montpelier the state capital in 1805. 


Concord, New Hampshire

Concord is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The land which Concord now occupies along the banks of the Merrimack River was settled thousands of years ago by Native Americans. The broad sweeps of the river valley, good soil for farming, and easy transportation on the Merrimack made the site of Concord equally inviting to English-speaking settlers in the eighteenth century. Settled by immigrants from Massachusetts in 1725, the community grew in prominence during the eighteenth century. Some of Concord's earliest houses remain today at the north end of Main Street. In the years following the American Revolution, the city's central location made it a logical choice for the state capital, and in 1808 Concord was named the official seat of state government. Today the 1819 State House is the oldest state capitol in which the legislative branches meet in their original chambers.

This area's first settlement in 1659 was named Penacook, for the Indian name Pannukog, meaning crooked place or bend in the river. The first land grant was in 1725, and the town was incorporated as Rumford in 1733. The name was changed to Concord in 1765 upon resolution of a bitter boundary dispute between Rumford and Bow. Its central location was the logical choice for state capital, and Concord was so named in 1808. The State House, built in 1818 and first occupied in 1819, is the oldest in continuous use in the country. In 1853, the State granted Concord a city charter. It was in Concord that the Abbotts built the famous Concord Coach, modeled after the coronation coach for King George III. Granite quarrying has been another major industry, and Concord's quarries supplied granite for the US Library of Congress. Concord was home to Franklin Pierce, 14th President of the United States, following his presidency.

Concord had the tenth largest numeric change in population, totaling 12,777 over 50 years, from 27,988 in 1950 to 40,765 in 2000. The largest decennial percent change was a 22 percent increase between 1980 and 1990; all other decades increased by ten percent or less. At the 2020 census, Concord had 42,336 residents, which ranked third among New Hampshire's incorporated cities and towns.

Trenton, New Jersey

Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is the county seat of Mercer County. Trenton is in the middle part of New Jersey, along the Delaware River.

Santa Fe, New Mexico

Santa Fe (; Tewa: Ogha Po'oge, ) is the capital of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the fourth-largest city in the state. It is the seat of Santa Fe County. Santa Fe (literally 'holy faith' in Spanish) had a population of 87,505 in the 2020 census. It is the principal city of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Santa Fe County and is part of the larger Santa Fe-Española Combined Statistical Area. The city's full name when founded was "La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís" ("The Royal Town of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi").

In 1912, New Mexico became the United States of America's 47th state, with Santa Fe as its capital.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 52.3 square miles (135.6 km), of which, 52.2 square miles (135.3 km) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km) of it (0.21%) is water.

Santa Fe is at 7,199 feet (2134 m) above sea level, making it the highest state capital in the United States.

Santa Fe has many world-class museums. Many are around the historic downtown Plaza or close by:

Others are on Museum Hill:


Albany, New York

Albany ( ) is the capital city of the U.S. state of New York, the seat of Albany County, and the central city of New York's Capital District. Roughly north of New York City, Albany sits on the west bank of the Hudson River, about south of its confluence with the Mohawk River.

Prior to the recession of the 1990s, Albany was home to two Fortune 500 companies: KeyBank and Fleet Bank. Both banks have since moved or merged with other banks.

It is the former home of the AHL ice hockey team the "Albany Devils."The team moved to Binghamton, New York in 2017. They are now the "Binghamton Devils."

Albany is served by the Albany International Airport.
The Empire State Plaza has many state agency office buildings. It fills almost any view of Albany. Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller and architect Wallace Harrison led its construction between 1965 and 1978. The complex is a big example of late American modernism in architecture. It remains a controversial building project both for displacing city residents and for its architectural style. The most recognizable part of the complex is the Erastus Corning Tower. The tower is the tallest building in New York outside of New York City. The 19th-century New York State Capitol at the opposite (north) end of the plaza is the seat of the New York State Legislature and the home of the Governor of New York, currently Andrew Cuomo.
Albany's initial architecture incorporated many Dutch influences, followed soon after by those of the English. The Quackenbush House, a Dutch Colonial brick mansion, was built c. 1736; Schuyler Mansion, a Georgian-style mansion, was built in 1765; and the oldest building currently standing in Albany is the 1728 Van Ostrande-Radliff House at 48 Hudson Avenue. Albany's housing varies greatly, with mostly row houses in the older sections of town, closer to the river. Housing type quickly changes as one travels westward, beginning with two-family homes of the late 19th century, and one-family homes built after World War II in the western end of the city.

Albany City Hall was opened in 1883. The New York State Capitol was opened in 1899 (after 32 years of construction) at a cost of $25 million, making it the most expensive government building at the time. Albany's Union Station, a major Beaux-Arts design, was under construction at the same time; it opened in 1900. In 1912, the Beaux-Arts styled New York State Department of Education Building opened on Washington Avenue near the Capitol. It has a classical exterior, which features a block-long white marble colonnade. The 1920s brought the Art Deco movement, which is illustrated by the Home Savings Bank Building (1927) on North Pearl Street and the Alfred E. Smith Building (1930) on South Swan Street, two of Albany's tallest high-rises.

Architecture from the 1960s and 1970s is well represented in the city, especially at the W. Averell Harriman State Office Building Campus (1950s and 1960s) and on the uptown campus of the SUNY Albany college (1962–1971). The state office campus was planned in the 1950s by governor W. Averell Harriman to offer more parking and easier access for state employees. The uptown SUNY campus was built in the 1960s under Governor Rockefeller on the site of the city-owned Albany Country Club. Straying from the popular open campus layout, noted American architect Edward Durell Stone designed the SUNY Albany campus from 1954 to 1956 with a centralized building layout with administrative and classroom buildings at center surrounded by four student housing towers. The design called for much use of concrete and glass, and the style has slender, round-topped columns and pillars reminiscent of those at Lincoln Center in New York City.


Government

Economy

Culture

Travel

Raleigh, North Carolina

Raleigh (pronounced , ) is the capital and the 2nd most populous city in the U.S. state of North Carolina as well as the county seat of Wake County. Raleigh is known as the "City of Oaks" for its many oak trees. The area is also nicknamed "The Triangle".

Raleigh is part of the Research Triangle area, together with Durham and Chapel Hill. The "Triangle" nickname began after the 1959 plan and construction of the Research Triangle Park, in Durham and Wake Counties. It is in the middle of the three cities and their universities.

The Research Triangle area makes up the U.S. Census Bureau's Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Combined Statistical Area (CSA). It had an estimated population of 2,242,324 in 2020.

Raleigh was started in 1770. In 1788, it became North Carolina's state capital. The first state fair happened in 1853 and has kept on happening. Raleigh was not hurt by the Civil War. It did not grow much after the Civil War.

In the early 1900s, Raleigh had streetcars, but they got rid of them later. Raleigh got its first TV station in 1956. In 1959, the Research Triangle Park was built. This caused people to move to the area for the jobs. In the late 1900s, Interstate 40 and Interstate 440 (freeways)were built, helping traffic. Since the late 1900s, Raleigh has grown quickly.

On November 28, 1988, Raleigh was hit by a F4 tornado. The tornado formed after a very warm late November day. A line of thunderstorms that was spotted over the Charlotte area during the afternoon hours hit Raleigh just after 1:00 a.m. ET, however the National Weather Service (NWS) issued no tornado or severe thunderstorm watches for the area. They believed the conditions had not support the right for a tornado. There were two fatalities in the city of Raleigh, and four in total.

On April 16, 2011, an EF3 tornado struck Raleigh, killing 24 people in North Carolina and four in Raleigh.

Raleigh is in north-central North Carolina. It is in a hilly area.

Raleigh has a mild climate. The summers are hot, with an average high of about 90 °F (32 °C). The winters are cool, with an average high of about 50 °F (10 °C). It snows about twice a year with a total of six inches (15 centimeters). Raleigh also gets around 45 inches of rain.

Raleigh has a lot of good transportation. Some freeways are Interstate 40, I-440, and I-540. Some highways are U.S. Route 1, 64, and 70, and N.C. highway 50. Raleigh also has a Amtrak station and a big airport.


Bismarck, North Dakota

Bismarck is the capital city of the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is also the county seat of Burleigh County. In 2020, 73,622 people lived there. 133,626 people lived in the metropolitan area.

Bismarck was founded in 1872. It is named in honor of the German chancellor, Otto von Bismarck. It has been North Dakota's capital since it became a state in 1889.

Bismarck is on the east side of the Missouri River, directly across the river from Mandan. The two cities make up most of the Bismarck-Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The North Dakota State Capitol, the tallest building in the state, is in the center of Bismarck. The state government employs more than 4,000 in the city. Bismarck is the economic center of south-central North Dakota and north-central South Dakota with health care and retail businesses.

Columbus, Ohio

Columbus is the capital city and largest city of the U.S. state of Ohio. It is in the middle of the state. The Ohio State Buckeyes and Columbus Blue Jackets play there. In 2020 there were 905,748 people.

Columbus is the second largest city in the American Midwest, and the fourteenth largest city in the United States of America. It is the county seat of Franklin County. The city has expanded and annexed portions of adjoining Delaware County and Fairfield County. It is named for explorer Christopher Columbus. The city was founded in 1812 at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers. It became Ohio's state capital in 1816. The city has a diverse economy based on education, government, insurance, banking, fashion, defense, aviation, food, clothes, logistics, steel, energy, medical research, health care, hospitality, retail, and technology.

Columbus has many technology companies. It has the world's largest private research and development foundation, the Battelle Memorial Institute; CAS, or Chemical Abstracts Service, the world's largest clearinghouse of chemical information; NetJets, the world's largest fractional ownership jet aircraft fleet; and The Ohio State University, the nation's largest campus.

In 2008, "MarketWatch" named Columbus as the 7th best place to do business in the nation. In 2011, the city had five corporations named to the U.S. Fortune 500 list including Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, American Electric Power, Limited Brands, Momentive Specialty Chemicals, and Big Lots. Major foreign corporations operating or with divisions in the city include Germany-based Siemens and Roxane Laboratories, Finland-based Vaisala, Tomasco Mulciber Inc., and A Y Manufacturing, as well as Switzerland-based ABB Group and Mettler Toledo.

Oklahoma City

Oklahoma City is the capital city of the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and the most populous city in the state. As of 2020, the population of the city was about 681,054. In 1995, 168 people were killed by a truck bomb. Oklahoma City has an NBA team called the Oklahoma City Thunder. It is the county seat of Oklahoma County. The city has a large Native American population.

Casablanca (disambiguation)

Casablanca can mean:


Wichita, Kansas

Wichita is the largest city in the U.S. State of Kansas. It is the county seat of Sedgwick County. It is the 50th largest city in the United States. In 2020, 397,532 people lived there. Wichita is the main city of the Wichita metropolitan area; it had an estimated 644,888 people living there in 2018. It is in Sedgwick County, which is in the south-central part of the state.

Many parts of airplanes are made in Wichita. Wichita State University is in the city.

Archaeological evidence says that people have lived near the confluence of the Arkansas and Little Arkansas Rivers (where Wichita is) since 3000 B.C. In 1541, a Spanish trip led by explorer Francisco Vázquez de Coronado found the area populated by the Quivira (or Wichita) people. Fighting with the Osage in the 1750s forced the Wichita people further south. Before Americans came to live in the region, the area was part of the territory of the Kiowa people. The area was part of France as part of Louisiana. It was later bought by the United States with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. It became part of Kansas Territory in 1854. It became part of the state of Kansas in 1861.

The Wichita came back in 1863. They came back because they were forced to leave their land in Indian Territory by Confederate forces in the American Civil War. The Wichita people created a settlement on the banks of the Little Arkansas River.

In 1868, trader James R. Mead created another trading post in the area. Surveyor Darius Munger built a house to use as a hotel, community center, and post office.

Downtown Wichita is at (37.688888, −97.336111). It has an elevation of . Wichita is in south-central Kansas. It is at the junction of Interstate 35 and U.S. Route 54. It is part of the Midwestern United States. It is north of Oklahoma City, southwest of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The city is on the Arkansas River. It is near the western edge of the Flint Hills. It is in the Wellington-McPherson Lowlands region of the Great Plains.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Wichita is in North America's humid subtropical climate area (Köppen "Cfa"). Wichita usually has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.

The average temperature in the city is .

Wichita is the biggest city in Kansas, and it is the 51st largest city in the United States. It is racially more similar to the rest of the United States than any other major city.

The 2020 census says that there were 397,532 people, 158,851 households, and 96,134 families living in Wichita. Of the households, 57.5% owned their home and 42.5% rented their home.

The median age was 35.7 years. Of the people, 63.4% were White, 11.0% were Black, 5.1% were Asian, 1.3% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 7.4% were from some other race, and 11.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 18.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 382,368 people, 151,818 households, and 94,862 families living in Wichita.

Wichita is the main city of both the Wichita Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) and the Wichita-Winfield Combined Statistical Area (CSA). The Wichita MSA includes Sedgwick County, Butler County, Harvey County, and Sumner County. In 2010, 623,061 people lived there. This would make it the 84th largest metropolitan area in the United States.

Famous restaurants such as White Castle and Pizza Hut were created in Wichita.

Wichita's biggest industrial sector is manufacturing. Manufacturing was 21.6 percent of the employment in 2003. Aircraft manufacturing has been the main part of the local economy for a long time. It is so important, that can influence the economic health of the entire region. Kansas gives tax breaks and other incentives to aircraft manufacturers.

Healthcare is Wichita's second-biggest industry. It employs about 28,000 people in the area. Since healthcare needs remain fairly consistent regardless of the economy, this field was not subject to the same pressures that affected other industries in the early 2000s. The Kansas Spine Hospital opened in 2004. A critical care tower at Wesley Medical Center also opened in 2004. In July 2010, Via Christi Health, which is the largest provider of healthcare services in Kansas, opened a hospital that will serve the northwest area of Wichita. Via Christi Hospital on St. Teresa is the system's fifth hospital to serve the Wichita community.

Koch Industries and Cargill, the two largest privately held companies in the United States, both have headquarters in Wichita.

Wichita is a cultural center for Kansas. It has several art museums and performing arts groups. The Wichita Art Museum is the biggest art museum in Kansas. It has over 7,000 works of art. The Ulrich Museum of Art at Wichita State University is a modern and contemporary art museum. It has over 6,300 works of art.

Music Theatre Wichita, Wichita Grand Opera, and the Wichita Symphony Orchestra perform often at the Century II Convention Hall. It is downtown. Concerts happen often by the schools of music at Wichita's two biggest universities.

Wichita has several professional, semi-professional, non-professional, and collegiate sports teams. Professional teams include the Wichita Thunder ice hockey team, the Wichita Force indoor football team, and the Wichita Wind Surge Minor League Baseball team. The city hosts the Air Capital Classic. It is a professional golf tournament of the Web.com Tour. It was first played in 1990.

According to Kansas law, Wichita is a city of the first class. Since 1917, it has had a council-manager form of government.

Wichita is in Kansas's 4th U.S. Congressional District. For the Kansas Legislature, Wichita is in the 16th, 25th32nd districts of the Kansas Senate. It is in the 81st, 83rd101st, 103rd, and 105th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.

Wichita Public Schools (US$259) is the largest school district in Kansas. It has over 50,000 students. It has more than 90 schools in Wichita. It includes 10 high schools, 16 middle schools, 61 elementary schools, and more than a dozen special schools and programs.

There are more than 35 private schools in Wichita.

Three universities are in Wichita. The biggest is Wichita State University (WSU). WSU has more than 14,000 students. It is the third-biggest university in Kansas. WSU's main campus is in northeast Wichita. They have other campuses around the Wichita area. Friends University is a private Christian university. It has its main campus in west Wichita. Newman University is a private Catholic university. It is also in west Wichita.

The Wichita Public Library is Wichita's library system. It has a main facility. It is called the Advanced Learning Library, and it is in Delano. It also has six locations in other neighborhoods around Wichita. The library has several free programs for the public. It includes special events, technology training classes, and programs specifically for adults, children, and families. In 2009, it had more than 1.3 million books and 2.2 million items total.

"The Wichita Eagle" is Wichita's major daily newspaper. It started in 1872. The "Wichita Business Journal" is a weekly newspaper that covers local business events and developments. Several other newspapers and magazines, many of which focus on something specific, are also published in Wichita. These include: "The Community Voice", a weekly African American community newspaper; "El Perico", a monthly Hispanic community newspaper; "The Liberty Press", monthly LGBT news; "Splurge!", a monthly local fashion and lifestyle magazine; "The Sunflower", the Wichita State University student newspaper.

The Wichita radio market includes Sedgwick County, Butler County, and Harvey County. Six AM radio stations and many FM radio stations are in Wichita.

Wichita is the main city of the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. That market covers the western two-thirds of Kansas. All of the market's network affiliates broadcast from Wichita. The ABC, CBS, CW, FOX and NBC affiliates serve the wider market through networks of other stations. The city also hosts a PBS member station, a Univision affiliate, and several low-power stations.

Wichita has had bad floods of the Arkansas River in 1877, 1904, 1916, 1923, 1944, 1951 and 1955. In 1944, Wichita flooded 3 times in 11 days. Because of the 1944 flood, Wichita built the Wichita-Valley Center Floodway in 1958. It makes the water go around Wichita.

Westar Energy gives electricity. Cox Communications and Spectrum offer cable television. AT&T U-Verse offers IPTV. Those three companies also offer home telephone and broadband internet service. Kansas Gas Service provides natural gas.

Wichita Transit has 53 buses. There are 18 bus routes in Wichita. They say there are over 2 million trips per year (5,400 trips per day) on its routes. Wichita Transit also has a paratransit service. It has 320,800 passenger trips every year.

The Wichita Airport Authority manages the city's two main public airports. The airports are Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport and Colonel James Jabara Airport. Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport is in western Wichita. It is the city's main airport. It is also the biggest airport in Kansas.

Two Class I railroads, BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad (UP), operate freight rail lines through Wichita. The closest Amtrak station is in Newton. It is north. Amtrak offers service on the "Southwest Chief" line between Los Angeles and Chicago.

Wichita has not had passenger rail service since 1979.


Official sites

More information

Casablanca (movie)

Casablanca is a 1942 American movie set in Casablanca, Morocco during World War II. It stars Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. From the time of its debut, it has been called one of the greatest movies ever made.


The Godfather

The Godfather is a 1972 American crime movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It is based on Mario Puzo's novel of the same name. Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola wrote the screenplay. Its lead stars are Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. The movie is about the history of the Corleone crime family. It takes the story up to Michael Corleone becoming crime boss in 1955. It is the first movie in "The Godfather" trilogy.

It is considered one of the greatest movies of all time and the best gangster movie and movie about the Mafia. 

It is the year 1945 in New York City. Vito Corleone leads the Corleone crime family. He is the Don (Crime Boss/Godfather) of the family. His daughter Connie is marrying Carlo. Vito's youngest son is Michael, and his girlfriend is Kay Adams. Johnny Fontane wants a movie role. The director Jack Woltz says no. Vito has Jack's favorite horse beheaded, and Jack gives in. 

Sollozzo wants Vito to enter his drug business. Vito says no and says it would be bad for his political connections. Vito sends Luca Brasi to the Tattaglia crime family. At the meeting, Luca is killed with a piano wire. Other workers from the Tattaglia family gun down Vito and capture Tom Hagen. Vito survives and ends up in a hospital. Sonny, Vito's oldest son, now leads the crime family. Sonny has Bruno Tattaglia killed. Michael visits Vito and watches him at the hospital. Police captain Mark McCluskey beats Michael when he leaves. 

Sollozzo and McCluskey want to meet with Michael. Michael agrees to the meeting. Michael, Sonny, and Clemenza plan a way to murder the two. Clemenza places a gun at the meeting place at a Bronx restaurant beforehand. During the meeting, Michael gets the gun and shoots the two men. Michael quietly leaves the restaurant. 

There is now open war among the Five Families. Michael flees to Sicily, Italy. Fredo, Vito's middle son, stays in Las Vegas. Moe Greene protects Fredo. Carlo is abusive to his wife, Connie. For this, Sonny publicly attacks Carlo. Carlo is abusive again. Sonny drives to their home. At a highway booth, men shoot him many times and kill him. Michael marries Apollonia in Italy. A car bomb that was for Michael kills her.  

Vito is better and hears about his son's death. He sets up a meeting with the Five Families. At the meeting, Vito promises he will not get back at them for his son and will enter the drug business. Michael returns home to New York because he is safe now. Michael marries Kay and has two children. Michael starts taking over the family business. Vito tells Michael that Dan Barzini is responsible for Sonny's death. Michael sends Tom Hagen to Las Vegas and gets advice from his father. Michael wants to move his family to Las Vegas and meets with Moe Greene. He learns that Fredo is more loyal to Greene than to the Corleone family.

Vito dies of a heart attack in 1955. There is a large funeral. At the funeral, Tessio says that Barzini wants to meet. Michael now knows that Tessio is a traitor, because Barzini is a traitor. Michael has all the five family bosses, Tessio and Greene, killed. At the same time, Michael has the baptism of his son. Michael has Carlo confess to Sonny's murder and says he is now in exile. However, Clemenza murders Carlo with a wire. Kay asks Michael if it is true what Carlo said. Michael denies it. Capos pay respect to Michael, the new "Don Corleone". 


The movie is based on the book "The Godfather" by Mario Puzo. The book was very popular. It was a New York Times best seller for 67 weeks. The novel takes place from 1945 to 1955. It tells the story of Vito Corleone from childhood to adulthood. Paramount Pictures wanted to make a movie about the novel. The studio gave Puzo money to finish the novel so it could be filmed. Paramount originally wanted to make the film for $80,000 and release it in 1971.

The film's main plot is the same as the book. However, a few things in the novel are not in the movie. Some subplots and backstories are not in the film. For instance, Johnny Fontane and Lucy Mancini are more developed in the book. The book also gives a background to the villain Jack Woltz. The childhood of Vito Corleone is not in the film. In the book, Johnny Fontane goes to Hollywood. In the end, Kay Corleone accepts Michael as the new boss over the family. She realizes how heartless her husband is.

The characters in the movie are the same in the book. Both the book and the movie are about the Corleone crime family. Vito Corleone serves as the crime boss. Vito Corleone and the other characters are not based on real-life people. However, some characters connect to real-life mobsters. These include the real "Five Families" in New York. Real-life mobsters like Frank Costello and Carlo Gambino were a basis for Vito Corleone. Johnny Fontane is based on Frank Sinatra. 

Paramount wanted Italian-Americans in the movie. Robert Evans and others from Paramount believed that their last film, "The Brotherhood", was unsuccessful because there were no Italian-Americans. Paramount first wanted Sergio Leone to direct the film. The studio also went to Peter Bogdanovich, Peter Yates, Richard Brooks, Arthur Penn, Costa-Gavras, and Otto Preminger. All of them said no to the movie. Francis Ford Coppola, who would direct the film, said no at first. He thought the book was "cheap stuff". He changed his mind because of finances and advice from others. 

There was much tension between Coppola and Paramount. Francis Ford Coppola wanted the movie to be in the 1940s and 1950s like the book. He also wanted a larger budget to make the film in New York City and Sicily. Paramount allowed this because the book was so popular. The studio had wanted a low-budget film because previous films were unsuccessful. Coppola did many screen tests, which cost money. There were disagreements about whether to have Marlon Brando and Al Pacino in the film. Coppola wanted the actors, but Evans did not. Some people wanted to fire Coppola, but he eventually had several people fired.
Both Puzo and Coppola worked on the screenplay separately. Paramount paid Puzo $100,000 to write the script. Puzo wanted to stick to his book. This was the first screenplay Puzo had written. Coppola wanted to emphasize the themes of culture, character, power, and family. Coppola created a booklet with pages from "The Godfather" and made notes on 50 scenes. The final script was completed on March 29, 1971 and was 163 pages long. The Italian-American Civil Rights League, led by Joseph Colombo, wanted words like "mafia" and "Cosa Nostra" not to be used in the film. Any of these words in the script were replaced with other words.   

Puzo and Coppola wanted to have Marlon Brando play Vito Corleone. Paramount was against this and wanted Ernest Borgnine. Other people considered for the role were George C. Scott, Richard Conte, Anthony Quinn and Orson Welles. Borgnine and Brando were the two finalists. Paramount would only cast Brando under certain conditions. Brando would have to do a screen test, earn less for the film, and was not allowed to cause any problems.

For Michael Corleone, Paramount wanted  Warren Beatty or Robert Redford. Robert Evans wanted Ryan O'Neal. Coppola wanted Al Pacino. Dustin Hoffman, Martin Sheen, and James Caan auditioned as well. At first, James Caan was to play Michael. Coppola convinced Evans to have Pacino play Michael. Paramount chose actors based on their heights. For instance, they chose Caan because he was short, like Pacino. 

Al Martino was a singer. He wanted to play Johnny Fontane. Coppola removed him and replaced him with Vic Damone. Martino went to his crime boss. The boss published papers about Coppola switching the roles. Eventually, Damone gave up the part to please the mob. Robert De Niro originally wanted to play Paulie Gatto, but he quit. Johnny Martino took his place. The actors Diane Keaton, John Cazale, and Gianni Russo got their roles in the film. Coppola gave his family members roles. They included his sister Talia Shire, his daughter Sofia and his father, Carmine.

Actors could practice the script for two weeks before filming. The two weeks ended with a dinner, where everyone had to play their roles. Most of the film was shot in real locations in New York City and Sicily. Filming was in New York City from March 29, 1971, to July 2, 1971, and in Sicily until August 6, 1971. After filming, scenes from the film were removed. Most of these scenes did not add to the plot.

Coppola worked with cinematographer Gordon Willis. They did not use modern filming techniques. Instead, they used the "tableau format". Tableau shots are when actors and objects are in the picture like a painting. The two used light and darkness and shadows to show psychological changes. The scenes in Sicily are softer and more romantic than the ones in New York.

There were many different real shooting locations. The opening wedding scene was shot on Staten Island. The scene with a beheaded horse used a real horse. The horse had already been beheaded before the film used it. The scene was filmed at Sands Point Preserve on Long Island. The murder of Sonny was filmed at Mitchel Field in Uniondale, New York. Sonny's car was a 1941 Lincoln Continental. Several scenes were filmed at Filmways in East Harlem. The Corleone olive oil business was on Mott Street in New York City. There were over 120 locations in New York City. The scenes in Las Vegas were filmed on location. In Sicily, scenes were in Savoca and Forza d'Agrò. 

Coppola hired Nino Rota to be the composer for the film. He wrote several pieces, including the "Love Theme." Rota used some of his music from "Fortunella" (1958). Evans did not like the music, but Coppola convinced Evans to keep it. Coppola thought the music made the film more Italian. Coppola's father, Carmine Coppola, also composed some music. Other music in the film include Cherubino's aria, "Non so più cosa son" from "Le Nozze di Figaro" by Mozart and "C'è la luna mezzo mare", a Sicilian song.
"The Godfather" was first released in theaters at Loews's State Theatre in New York City on Tuesday, March 14, 1972. "The Godfather" was also on television on NBC. The first half was on November 16, 1974 and the second half on November 18, 1974. "The Godfather: The Coppola Restoration" restored the original video and was released in 2008.

The movie was a financial success. It was the highest-grossing film in 1972. On its first day in theaters, the film made about $58,000. Tickets were about $3 to $4.00. In the opening weekend, the film made about $241,000 in New York and about $300,000 in total. The film made about $10 million in one week. This was a record at the time. It made over $100 million in 18 weeks. This was another record. It was the fastest film to reach that number. "The Godfather" was the number one film for over 23 weeks. The film would eventually make about $134,000,000. 

"The Godfather" received very positive reviews. The film has a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics said the movie went beyond expectations and created new standards for cinema. They praised the cinematography and said it was revolutionary. Roger Ebert wrote that the film is completely absorbing and has many complex character interactions. Critics and other directors praised the cast. They said it was one of the best. Many said that Coppola should get the most praise. The film has a 100 out of 100 on Metacritic with "universal acclaim". 

At the Golden Globe Awards, the film got nominations for Best Picture – Drama, James Caan for Best Supporting Actor, Al Pacino and Marlon Brando for Best Actor – Drama, Best Score, Best Director, and Best Screenplay. The film went on to win Best Screenplay, Best Director, Best Actor – Drama (Brando), Best Original Score, and Best Picture – Drama. 

The film got 11 nominations at the Academy Awards. They included: Best Picture, Best Costume Design, Marlon Brando for Best Actor, Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola for Best Adapted Screenplay, Pacino, Caan, and Robert Duvall for Best Supporting Actor, Best Film Editing, Nino Rota for Best Original Score, Coppola for Best Director, and Best Sound. The movie won Best Actor for Brando, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Picture. 

The film got five nominations at the British Academy Film Awards, including Pacino for Most Promising Newcomer, Rota for the BAFTA Award for Best Original Music, Duvall for Best Supporting Actor, and Brando for Best Actor, the film's costume designer Anna Hill Johnstone for Best Costume Design. The film won for Film Music.   

Brando boycotted the Academy Awards and rejected the Golden Globe Award. He did this because he did not like how the movie industry showed Native Americans. Pacino also boycotted the Academy Award. He did not want the award for Best Supporting Actor, but Best Actor. 

"The Godfather" was chosen to be part of the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1990. The film is on several lists of the American Film Institute. It is number 3 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies, number 11 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills, number 5 in AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores and number 1 in AFI's 10 Top 10 Gangster Film. In "Sight & Sound" director's poll, the film got 6th place in 1992, 2nd place in 2002 and 7th place in 2012. In a 1998 "Time Out" poll, the film was ranked the best movie ever. In 1999, "Entertainment Weekly" named the film the best of all time. The National Society of Film Critics voted the film No. 39 out of the top 100 essential movies. "Time" magazine named the film one of the top 100 films of all time. The film got second place in BBC's 100 Greatest American Films list. 

A sequel, "The Godfather Part II", was released in 1974 and won another Best Picture Oscar. It was the only sequel to do so until 2003's . The third movie in "The Godfather" trilogy, "The Godfather Part III", came out in 1990. The critics thought it was not as good as the other two movies. 

Many films about the Italian-American Mafia came after "The Godfather" trilogy. One notable film is "Goodfellas" by Martin Scorsese. A study found that over 81 percent of all films about Italian-American mobsters were created after "The Godfather". There are about ten films each year on the subject. 

In 2012, the book "The Godfather Effect" showed the influence of "The Godfather" trilogy. The book was a critical success. The study shows how the films changed views on Italian-American immigrants. It also changed how Americans saw their own national identities. The movies changed how Hollywood showed Italians. They removed stereotypes about Italian-Americans. The films tried to show the Mafia realistically and from the criminals' perspective. "The Godfather" trilogy changed the gangster genre. The family is central in the movies. There are no reckless and brutal criminals, but criminals who protect and support the family. The movies were also about the failures of the American Dream. "The Godfather" opens with the words, "I believe in America". The movie shows the corruption of American business. The films reflected public opinion. People were unhappy with events like the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal. The film also showed the darker side of the American Dream and conflicts between family and business. 

Other movies and TV shows have referenced or parodied "The Godfather". Brando himself played Vito in the parody comedy film "The Freshman" (1990). In "Saturday Night Live", John Belushi played Vito Corleone in a therapy session. "The Sopranos" referenced quotes from the film. "The Simpsons" refers several times to the film like the scenes of the beheaded horse and Sonny's murder. "Modern Family" parodied the baptism scene. The arctic shrew Mr. Big in "Zootopia" is a parody of Vito Corleone. The 2006 video game "The Godfather" is based on the movie. "The Offer" is a TV show with ten episodes. It is based on the development of "The Godfather". "Francis and The Godfather" will be a film about the making of "The Godfather". It will star Oscar Isaac as Francis Ford Coppola. 



Venus flytrap

The Venus flytrap ("Dionaea muscipula") is a carnivorous plant (a plant that eats small animals, such as insects). Carnivorous plants grow in soil that has little nitrogen. They get nitrogen from the insects they trap. This nitrogen is used to make intravenous food like proteins and fats.

The Venus flytrap is one of a very small group of plants that can snap shut very quickly. When an insect or spider crawls along the leaves and touches a hair, the trap closes "only if a different hair is touched within twenty seconds of the first touch". The two-touch trigger means that little energy is wasted on things that are not food.

The Venus flytrap is a small plant, with small leaves. Its clam-shaped leaves look rather like flowers, and so they attract insects. When they are open, they are red and smell sweet. They have stiff hairs on each edge. Inside the leaves, there are very sensitive, tiny hairs which cause the leaves to snap shut when they are touched. Two hairs must be touched to make the leaves close. This makes it more likely that the thing that touched its hair is living.Then it secretes juices to digest the insect

The Venus flytrap feeds on insects, such as ants, beetles, woodlice, worms, flies, grasshoppers, and moths.
First it traps the insect inside its leaves, and then lets out a liquid that helps digest the trapped animal. The plant consumes the insect and takes the nitrogen from the insect's body.

The Venus flytrap makes sugar by photosynthesis. The insects give it nutrients which it cannot get from the waterlogged soil. With the nutrients it can build up enzymes and other molecules which need trace elements as well as sugars and amino acids.

Venus flytraps were first discovered in North America on the coast of North and South Carolina, where it grows wild near the Cape Fear River. However, people anywhere can grow Venus flytraps in pots. Venus flytraps in pots need water and soil without calcium or nitrogen in it. It is named after the Roman goddess of love, Venus.


Prime number

A prime number is a natural number of a particular kind. Any natural number is equal to 1 times itself. If the number is equal to any other natural numbers multiplied, then the number is called a composite number. The smallest composite number is 4, because 2 x 2 = 4. 1 is not a composite number. Every other number is a prime number. The prime numbers are the numbers other than 1 which are "not" equal to formula_1 (except 1 times itself). The smallest prime number is 2. The next prime numbers are 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13. There is no largest prime number. The set of prime numbers is sometimes written as formula_2.

The fundamental theorem of arithmetic states that every positive integer can be written as a product of primes in a unique way, though the way the prime numbers occur is a difficult problem for mathematicians. When a number is larger, it is more difficult to know if it is a prime number. One of the answers is the prime number theorem. One of the unsolved problems is Goldbach's conjecture.

One of the most famous mathematicians of the classical era, Euclid, recorded a proof that there is no largest prime number. However many scientists and mathematicians are still searching to find it as part of the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search.

There is a simple method to find a list of prime numbers. Eratosthenes created it. It has the name Sieve of Eratosthenes. It catches numbers that are not prime (like a sieve), and lets the prime numbers pass through.

The method works with a list of numbers, and a special number called "b" that changes during the method. As one goes through the method, they circle some numbers in the list and cross out others. Each circled number is prime and each crossed-out number is composite. At the start, all the numbers are plain: not circled and not crossed out.

The method is always the same:


For example, one could carry out this method on a list of the numbers from 2 to 10. At the end, the numbers 2, 3, 5, and 7 will end up circled. These are prime numbers. The numbers 4, 6, 8, 9 and 10 will be crossed out. These are composite numbers.

This method or algorithm takes too long to find very large prime numbers. However, it is less complicated than methods used for very large primes, such as Fermat's primality test (a test to see whether a number is prime or not) and the Miller-Rabin primality test.

Prime numbers are very important in mathematics and computer science. Very long numbers are hard to solve. It is difficult to find their prime factors, so most of the time, numbers that are probably prime are used for encryption and secret codes. For example:






Igloo

An igloo is a shelter (a place for people to stay warm and dry) made from blocks of snow placed on top of each other, often in the shape of a dome like half of a hollow ball. They were used in winter as temporary shelters by hunters when they were away from their regular homes.

They were most often built in places where a lot of snow covers the land for weeks or months at a time, such as the far north of Canada and Greenland. Most igloos are built by native Inuit people (sometimes called "Eskimoes"). As they learned to build them better, sometimes people would build larger igloos that would last longer and hold more people, even for dancing.

Dust (disambiguation)

Dust is fine, solid particles of matter.

Dust may also mean:

For articles on how the word "dust" is used as a technical term in physics, astronomy, cosmology, and
environmental science, see:

The Phantom of the Opera

The Phantom of the Opera () is a French novel by Gaston Leroux. It was published in 1910. An English edition came out a year later.

The book was adapted to a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber in 1986. The musical was made into a movie in 2004.

Movie versions include one starring Lon Chaney in 1925, one from 1943 with Claude Rains, another from 1962 with Herbert Lom, and "The Phantom of the Paradise" (1974). The story has been adapted to made for television movies several times.
The band iron maiden made a song name the phanTom of the Opera from their self titled album iron maiden.

Fleet, Hampshire

Fleet is a town in Hampshire, United Kingdom and tends to be a dormitory town serving London and Reading.

Fleet has one shopping center, and a music shop just off the High Street and many small, fun attractions.

There are a number of pubs there with some character, and even two small nightclubs. It has a lot of green, and is good for rambling but there is the danger of a field being an army firing range.

Its local business parks seem to be a focus for many CAD companies serving the local military in Fleet, Aldershot, and Farnborough. Notably there are AutoDesk and PTC.

There are also many good schools especially Heatherside Infant and Juniors and Court Moor!

It has its own train station on the London-Basingstoke line. It also has bus services running to and from local towns, including Reading. The local bus company did go bust a few times, notably at the same time as the major plague of train accidents and strikes in early 2002 - where combined with large snow deposits, made travel in or out of the town impossible or at least very unpleasant. Anyone who lived on the London-Basingstoke line will remember people being crammed into the guard-vans of the train after waiting 90 minutes, or being stuck between stations for what seemed like days.

Hentai

Hentai is a Japanese word that literally means "strange appearance", but also means "perverted". Hentai, because of this, is a word used by countries outside of Japan to show porn and sex-related anime, manga and video games. The word is not used to mean this in Japan. In Japan, terms such as "ecchi" are used.

The word hentai is sometimes used to apply to cartoon characters that are not anime characters. Hentai is the anime version of porn. There is on screen sex, often very graphic and very imaginative. Since hentai is anime, the performers are not bound by physical laws. Makers of hentai often use this in very creative ways. Some of the acts performed in hentai would be physically impossible. Some of the performers are often impossible themselves. Fairies, monsters, and even new and strange creatures are stars of hentai. Monsters and demons with tentacles are seen so often that “tentacle porn” is its own sub-category of hentai.

Most of the hentai (anime)-films in the late 1990s to the present day are based on Ero-Games, where the goal is to date the girls in the game and have sex with one or more of them. The games feature various character-types, like a bookworm, a tough girl, a younger girl, and a tomboy. Ero-games can include highly taboo themes, such as coprophilia or dismemberment, pedophilia (also called lolicon and shotacon), and rape. Sometimes slightly less taboo subjects, such as incest.

Famous hentai films and series include:

Rapping

Rapping is a type of vocals, like singing. It is different to singing because it is more like talking, but timed with rhythm over music. Someone who raps is called a rapper, or sometimes an MC. That stands for Master of Ceremonies.

Rapping can be done over music of many types (or genres), including jazz, house, reggae and many more. One genre of music that includes a lot of rapping is hip hop. What people think of as rapping today, was started by African Americans in New York City, USA, in the 1970s. People would talk over disco music DJs at parties, and this gradually evolved into rapping. But, the start of the art of rapping is even older. Reggae artists in Jamaica used a similar style to rapping from the 1950s. Going back further than that, the West African Griots (travelling musicians and poets) would also rap over tribal drums in the 1400s.

Today rapping is a very popular style of vocals. Many of the best selling artists in the world use it in their music.

Snowboarding

Snowboarding is a sport that is much like skiing. A person stands on a snowboard and rides down a mountain covered with snow. A snowboard is a flat board with bindings that hold your feet in place while gliding down the mountain. It is different from skiing because both feet are on one board - like surfing.

Some snowboarders like to ride over jumps and do tricks.

The snowboard was born in the seventy's through the imagination of several different Americans.

The original idea was born in 1965 through Sherman Poppen. He invented the ‘’snurfer ‘’, which was made of two skis fixed together, as a gift to his daughter. It soon became very popular, so he licensed it to the Brunswick Corporation who sold about a million over the next 10 years.

In the mid-1970s Dimitrije Milovich created a snowboard inspired by the surfing board called the 'Winterstick'. Finally, in 1977 Jake Burton Carpenter helped by Tom Sims and Chuck Barfoot created the first snowboard model, which made them very rich.

During the eighty's, the sport became very popular. In 1982 the first National Snowboard race was held in Vermont at Suicide Six. The number of windsurfering and snowboarding stations grew very fast everywhere there was snow and mountains.

Snowboarding was first recommended to join the Olympic program in 1996 by the Olympic council in Atlanta. Two years later, some competitions like the Big slalom and the Half-pipe took place in The Olympic Nagano games.

Snowboarders must wear hot and good quality clothes against the cold temperature. They wear also some ski goggles to protect their eyes from reflection of the sun on the snow, against the snow and the wind that can be very hurtful. It is essential to have a good view during the ride. The board that they used has to be fitted by squares on all its length that allow snowboarders to practice this sport even if there is not a lot of snow. Also, the snowboard is equipped with binding to provide snowboarders solidity and stability. The security attach have to be firmly tied on the binding and clip on one of your boots adapted to this sport. Wearing a helmet is strongly recommended.

There are two possible positions on the board. First of all, there is the regular one. With this position, your right foot is placed in the back. The second one is called goofy where you have to put your left foot in the back. The choice between those two positions is personal to everyone. Contrary to what everybody can thinks, goofys are not necessary left-handed or regulars right-handed. In fact, seventy-five percent of the people are regulars. Because the board make a curve in the front and in the back, it can glide on the two sides. In addition, the board called twin-tips is perfectly symmetric, so it allows windsurfers to glide in switch (when the favorite foot is in the back) or in normal-foot (when the favorite foot is in the front).

Aquamarine

Aquamarine is a gemstone, named for its blue-green color, which looks like some shallow seas. It is a type of beryl. The color aquamarine is named for the gemstone. It is considered as a birthstone of March.

Trinitrotoluene

Trinitrotoluene (Abbreviated TNT) () more specifically 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene, is a powerful nitroaromatic explosive, occasionally used as a reagent in chemical synthesis.

TNT was first made in 1863 by Julius Wilbrand and originally used as a yellow dye. It was not recognized as an explosive for 28 years, until the chemist Carl Häussermann discovered its explosive properties in 1891.
The German military started filling artillery shells with TNT 1902. TNT-filled shells would explode after they had broken through the armour of ships, whereas the British -filled shells exploded when they hit the armour, wasting energy outside the ship. The British started replacing Pciric acid with TNT in 1907.

TNT is one of the world's most commonly used explosives, in the military, mining, and industrial operations.

TNT is often blended with other explosives to get desired properties.

Spore

Spores are the way fungi and some non-seed plants (ferns and mosses) reproduce. They are also made by bacteria for long-term survival. Some protozoa also make long-term survival spores.

The spores of seed plants are single cells that grow into a pollen grain or the gametophyte inside the ovule. The structure of seeds in higher plants is more complicated than spores. The main 'innovation' of seeds is their nutrition for the developing embryo, which spores do not have.

Fungi (for example, mushrooms) produce spores, which may be asexual or sexual. The asexual spores have inside them the genetic material to make a whole new organism identical to its parent.

Conidia are asexual, non-motile spores of a fungus; they are also called mitospores due to the way they are generated through the cellular process of mitosis. They are haploid cells genetically identical to the haploid parent, can develop into a new organism if conditions are favorable, and serve in dispersal.

Asexual reproduction in Ascomycetes (the Phylum Ascomycota) is by the formation of conidia, which are borne on specialized stalks called conidiophores. The morphology of these specialized conidiophores is often distinctive of a specific species and can therefore be used in identification of the species.


Bacterial spores are extremely resistant. Spores of tetanus and anthrax, for example, can survive in the soil for many years. The origin of these spores was discovered in the 19th century, when a biologist noticed, under the microscope, a small, round, bright body inside bacterial cells. This survived even when the bacteria were boiled for five minutes. This killed the bacteria, but not the spores. They germinated when conditions were right.

Plants have alternation of generations. One of the generations is the sporophyte, which produces spores by meiosis, and the other is the gametophyte with produces gametes.

Radiohead

Radiohead are an English rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The lead singer and songwriter of the band is Thom Yorke, who also plays guitar and piano. Thom is known for his high voiced singing style. The band is known for their different style of rock music.

The band has five members, and three of them play guitar. In their early years, Radiohead was known for their layered and heavy guitar sound. In later years, the band began using other instruments too, and creating more electronic sounds. The band still performs live and attracts large crowds of fans to sold-out concerts, even though they play many different styles of music.

They have created nine albums so far, the most recent being "A Moon Shaped Pool" (2016).

Radiohead started in 1985. The members of the band went to school together at Abingdon School, a boys' school in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The band first called themselves "On a Friday". The band would usually rehearse on Friday in their school's music room.

On A Friday signed a contract with EMI, a large record label, in 1991. They changed their name to "Radiohead". This name came from the song "Radio Head" on the album "True Stories" by Talking Heads. They released their first EP, called "Drill", in May 1992. It was not very popular. Radiohead started work on their first album. It was called "Pablo Honey" and it was recorded in 1992 in a studio in Oxford. They released their first single, "Creep", late in 1992. They released "Pablo Honey" in February 1993. Initially, the album was going to be released also in late 1992 but was delayed. The album did not become popular, but "Creep" did, and the band got a lot of fans because of it. At the time, Radiohead's style of music was not very popular, and people said it sounded like Nirvana, but was not as good. They said that other Britpop bands, like Suede, were better. "Creep" was played on the radio at a lot of colleges around the world, however. When Radiohead went on tour in the United States in early 1993, the music video for "Creep" was being played frequently on MTV.

Radiohead made an EP in 1994. This was called "My Iron Lung", and contained the title single, and seven songs known as B-sides (because they were not on a full-length album). The main song, "My Iron Lung", was about the way fans had reacted to their song "Creep". The band was happy the song had been a hit, because otherwise they might not have been able to continue the band. But the band, especially Thom Yorke, were reluctant to be celebrities. They were already disturbed by the workings of the music industry. They felt they had no control over things. "Creep" was popular, so they felt under pressure to make more similar songs. They hated the way "Creep" was the only Radiohead song anyone listened to at their concerts, yet it was all that was keeping them popular and afloat in the record industry. The "iron lung" was a metaphor for such a "life support".

Their second normal album, "The Bends", came out in 1995. The album was going to released in late 1994 but was also delayed. The song "My Iron Lung" was on it, along with 11 new ones. The band released four more songs as singles: "Fake Plastic Trees", "High and Dry", "Just" and "Street Spirit [Fade Out]". None of these songs were as popular as "Creep" around the world. Radiohead was now a one-hit wonder to many people in America. Songs from "The Bends" did not get played on the radio very much there. But the album became very popular in Radiohead's home of the UK. It also got excellent reviews from music critics, unlike the band's first album. Many said it was one of the best rock records in memory. The album was produced by John Leckie, a veteran at EMI's Abbey Road studios. As a young man Leckie had assisted on Pink Floyd albums in the 1970s.

The band's lineup was the same for "The Bends". Thom Yorke and Ed O'Brien played rhythm and auxiliary guitar; Thom sang and Ed sang backup. Phil Selway played drums and percussion. Colin Greenwood played bass guitar. Radiohead's lead guitarist was Jonny Greenwood, Colin's younger brother. Jonny was also younger than any of the other members. Jonny was the only member of the band who did not graduate from university. He was also the only member who had attended music school. Jonny had had to leave university after a few months to join Radiohead on a tour when they became popular. But he played in an orchestra when he was young, and he had a knowledge of classical and experimental music and jazz. Thus, Jonny became the band's musical expert. At this stage he already played many instruments, such as keyboard.

It was Jonny's complex and cathartic guitar solos in songs like "Just" and "The Bends" that soon began to attract notice. So did his simpler playing in other songs. The circle of Radiohead fans began to grow. Thom Yorke's lyrics also began talking about larger more political themes during this time. Mostly, they were still about personal disappointments, loves, losses, depression, unease, and anger. But Thom wrote songs like "Fake Plastic Trees" and "Street Spirit" which found the source of the unease in the larger structure of society, not the individual.

Radiohead's style of music had gotten more mature, according to most people, without changing too much. Some others felt their songwriting had improved so much it was no longer unrecognizable. The band used more keyboards and acoustic guitar this time, and made a more subtle atmosphere. But electric guitars were the main instrument used on the record. Some of Radiohead's influences this time were: the post-punk band Magazine, the singer-songwriter Jeff Buckley, Morrissey's (former Smiths singer) "Vauxhall & I", and the music of R.E.M. That band had inspired Radiohead from the beginning. Radiohead would get a chance to tour with them in summer 1995, after releasing the album. Lead singer Michael Stipe became a friend and mentor to Thom, and also a public fan of Radiohead. In 1995 he said "they're so good, they're scary".

The band's influences had expanded once more by the time of their next album "OK Computer".

With "OK Computer" (released in 1997), the band started the next section of their career. They started using more sounds from electronic music. They released the album "Kid A" (released in 2000, was initially going to release sometime in late 1999) which had a lot less use of guitar than on previous albums, but was still called one of their best albums (with some people calling it their best). An album of songs recorded during this time, but that did not appear on "Kid A" was released, called "Amnesiac" (released in 2001). In 2003 they released the album "Hail To The Thief" which was a return to a sound with more guitars and less use of electronic sounds. In 2007 they released "In Rainbows". It was first released for free on the band's website, then released properly on January 1, 2008. The album was delayed two times. It was going to be released in late 2005, then it was going to be released sometime in 2006, before finally being released in 2007.

After this, they went on to release "The King of Limbs" (2011) and "A Moon Shaped Pool" (2016), which both garnered critical and popular acclaim. Additionally, they released TKOL RMX 1234567 (2011), an album of collaborations with the likes of Four Tet, Jamie XX, and Caribou and an remix of OK Computer named "OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017" (2017). Their most recent album is "KID A MNESIA" (2021), an extended and reworked version of Kid A which is over 2 hours long.

Radiohead has been nominated five times at the BRIT Awards.
Radiohead has received three awards from fourteen nominations at the Grammy Awards.

Radiohead has received one Ivor Novello Award.
Radiohead has received four Mercury Prize nominations.
Radiohead has received one award from ten nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Radiohead has received one nomination at the PLUG Awards.
Radiohead has received two awards from the Q Awards.


Ladino language

Ladino (also called Judeo-Spanish) is a Jewish Romance language that is very close to the Spanish language. It has many old Spanish words and Hebrew words.

During the Middle Ages, many Jews lived in Spain. They were called Sephardic Jews or "Sephardim" (in Hebrew). Forced to leave Spain after the country was taken over by Christians, they brought the old Spanish with them to their new countries. Some Sephardic Jews still speak Ladino in Israel, Turkey, Bulgaria, the United States, and other countries.

Like many other Jewish languages, Ladino is an endangered language, is in danger of language death. It could become an extinct language. Most native speakers are old because many of them who emigrated to Israel and did not pass on the language to their children or grandchildren. In some Sephardic Jewish communities in Latin America and elsewhere, there is a threat of dialect levelling by the extinction by assimilation into modern Spanish.

Ladino is usually written by using the Latin alphabet but in Israel, it uses the Hebrew alphabet.
Ladino should not be confused with the Ladin language, which is related to the Swiss Romansh and Friulian languages and is mostly spoken in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region of Northern Italy.


Guns N' Roses

Guns N' Roses is a popular American hard rock band. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, USA in June, 1985. The five original members of the band were Axl Rose (lead vocals), Slash (lead guitar, backing vocals), Izzy Stradlin (rhythm guitar, backing vocals), Duff McKagan (bass, backing vocals), and Steven Adler (drums). Axl's old band was named Hollywood Rose, and Tracii's old band was named L.A. Guns. They joined the two names and got the name Guns N' Roses. The band's most known songs are "Welcome to the Jungle", "Paradise City", "Sweet Child O'Mine", "Patience", "Live and Let Die", "November Rain", "Knockin' on Heaven's Door", "Don't Cry", and "Civil War".

The music they made was different from the rock music that was popular in the 1980s. They played harder rock music. It was also closer to traditional rock. Because of this, many music fans became interested in Guns N'Roses. 

In 1985, Guns N' Roses went to Seattle to perform. Tracii Guns and Rob Gardner couldn't attend the show. Axl called guitarist Slash and drummer Steven Adler, who were his friends. He asked them for help. They agreed, and became permanent members. On the way back to Los Angeles, the five members wrote the lyrics for 'Welcome to the Jungle' which became one of their most famous songs. Then in 1990, drummer Steven Adler got fired from the band because of his drug abuse. He was replaced by The Cult drummer Matt Sorum.

In November 1991, Gilby Clarke replaced Izzy on rhythm guitar. Gilby left the band in October 1994 and was replaced by Axl's childhood friend Paul "Huge" Tobias.

Slash left the band in October 1996.

In April 1997, Matt got fired from the band due to fighting between him and Paul. In August 1997, Nine Inch Nails' Robin Finck replaced Slash on lead guitar. Duff left the band.

In 1998, Josh Freese replaced Matt on drums on March, The Replacements' Tommy Stinson replaced Duff on bass on May, while Chris Pitman joined the band as a second keyboardist alongside Dizzy on October.

Robin left Guns N' Roses to rejoin Nine Inch Nails in August 1999. In 2000, Buckethead and Bryan "Brain" Mantia joined the band in March, with Buckethead replacing Robin, Brain replacing Josh. Robin then rejoined Guns N' Roses on October.

In July 2002, Richard Fortus (who was previously member of Love Spit Love and The Psychedelic Furs) joined Guns N' Roses, replacing Paul. Slash, Duff and Matt were in Velvet Revolver with Stone Temple Pilots frontman Scott Weiland and Wasted Youth guitarist Dave Kushner, until Scott died.

Buckethead left the band in March 2004. Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal then replaced Buckethead in May 2006. In October 2006, Frank Ferrer joined the band, replacing Brain. In March 2009, .'s DJ Ashba joined, replacing Robin who returned to Nine Inch Nails. In June 2014, Tommy and Bumblefoot left. Bumblefoot became a member of Art of Anarchy and Sons of Apollo. Ashba left the band in July 2015.

Since parting ways with the "Appetite for Destruction" lineup, Axl has remained a constant member and many lineups have changed since. The last studio album the band released was "Chinese Democracy" (2008), which had been delayed for over 10 years, to mixed reactions. In 2016, Slash and Duff rejoined the band, along with the band's first female member, , who replaced Chris.







Lake Chaubunagungamaug

Lake Chaubunagungamaug, or Lake Webster is a lake in the United States. It is in the state of Massachusetts. The lake is also known by the much shorter name of "Webster Lake", but some people prefer the long name Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg, which is the Native American name for the lake. The name is the longest place name in the United States.

Hans Enoksen

Hans Enoksen (born 7 August 1956) was a Greenlandic politician. He was the Prime Minister of Greenland from 2002 to 2009.

Nunarput, utoqqarsuanngoravit

Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit (, ; "You Our Ancient Land") is the national anthem of Greenland. It was written by Henrik Lund, and it became the national anthem in 1916.

DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story

Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 American comedy movie, released by 20th Century Fox. It is set in Las Vegas, Nevada and stars Ben Stiller, Rip Torn and Vince Vaughn.

A little-known gym, Average Joe's, tries not to go out of business by playing a game of dodgeball against a more expensive rival, Globo's Gym.


Ben Stiller

Benjamin Edward Meara "Ben" Stiller (born November 30, 1965) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, movie director, and producer. He is best known for his roles in "There's Something About Mary", "Zoolander" (2001), "Meet the Parents" (2001) (and its 2004 sequel "Meet the Fockers").
Stiller has also starred in "Flirting with Disaster" (1996), "Duplex" (2003) and "" (2004) among others. One of the first movies he starred in was Steven Spielberg's "Empire of the Sun" (1987). He directed "Reality Bites" (1994) and "The Cable Guy" (1996).

Stiller was born in New York City in 1965. His father, Jerry Stiller, was from a Jewish family that immigrated from Poland and Galicia, in Eastern Europe. His mother, Anne Meara, who was of Irish Catholic background, converted to Reform Judaism after marrying his father. She died in 2015. The family celebrated both Hanukkah and Christmas, and Stiller had a Bar Mitzvah. He has said that he is "half Jewish and half Irish Catholic." Stiller's parents frequently took him on the sets of their appearances, including "The Mike Douglas Show" when he was six. He stated in an interview that he considered his childhood unusual: "In some ways, it was a show-business upbringing—a lot of traveling, a lot of late nights—not what you'd call traditional."

His older sister, Amy, has appeared in many of his productions, including Reality Bites, DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, and Zoolander. Stiller displayed an early interest in filmmaking and made Super 8 movies with his sister and friends.

At age 9, Stiller made his acting debut as a guest on his mother's short-lived television series, Kate McShane. In the late 1970s, he performed with the New York City troupe NYC's First All Children's Theater, playing several roles, including the title role in Clever Jack and the Magic Beanstalk. After being inspired by the television show Second City Television while in high school, Stiller realized that he wanted to get involved with sketch comedy. During his high school years, he was also the drummer of the post-punk band Capital Punishment, which released the studio album Roadkill in 1982. The band's bassist, Peter Swann, went on to become (as of 2018) an Arizona Court of Appeals Judge. The band reunited in 2018 to release a new EP, titled This is Capital Punishment, for Record Store Day.

Stiller attended The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine and graduated from the Calhoun School in New York in 1983. He started performing on the cabaret circuit as opening act to the cabaret siren Jadin Wong. Stiller then enrolled as a film student at the University of California, Los Angeles. After nine months, Stiller left school to move back to New York City. He made his way through acting classes, auditioning and trying to find an agent.

When he was approximately 15, Stiller obtained a small part with one line on the television soap opera Guiding Light, although in an interview he characterized his performance as poor.[31] He was later cast in a role in the 1986 Broadway revival of John Guare's The House of Blue Leaves, alongside John Mahoney; the production would garner four Tony Awards.

During its run, Stiller produced a satirical mockumentary whose principal was fellow actor Mahoney. Stiller's comedic work was well received by the cast and crew of the play, and he followed up with a 10-minute short titled The Hustler of Money, a parody of the Martin Scorsese film The Color of Money. The film featured him in a send-up of Tom Cruise's character and Mahoney in the Paul Newman role, only this time as a bowling hustler instead of a pool shark. The short got the attention of Saturday Night Live, which aired it in 1987 and two years later offered Stiller a spot as a writer. In the meantime, he had a bit role in Steven Spielberg's Empire of the Sun.

In 1989 Stiller wrote and appeared on Saturday Night Live as a featured performer. However, since the show did not want him to make more short films, he left after four episodes. He then put together Elvis Stories, a short film about a fictitious tabloid focused on recent sightings of Elvis Presley. The film starred friends and co-stars John Cusack, Jeremy Piven, Mike Myers, Andy Dick, and Jeff Kahn. The film was considered a success, and led him to develop the short film Going Back to Brooklyn for MTV; it was a music video starring comedian Colin Quinn that parodied LL Cool J's recent hit "Going Back to Cali".

Producers at MTV were so impressed with Back to Brooklyn that they offered Stiller a 13-episode show in the experimental "vid-com" format. Titled The Ben Stiller Show, this series mixed comedy sketches with music videos and parodied various television shows, music stars, and films. It starred Stiller, along with main writer Jeff Khan and Harry O'Reilly, with his parents and sister making occasional appearances.

Although the show was canceled after its first season, it led to another show titled The Ben Stiller Show, on the Fox Network in 1992. The series aired 12 episodes on Fox, with a 13th unaired episode broadcast by Comedy Central in a later revival.[36] Among the principal writers on The Ben Stiller Show were Stiller and Judd Apatow, with the show featuring the ensemble cast of Stiller, Janeane Garofalo, Andy Dick, and Bob Odenkirk.[37] Both Denise Richards and Jeanne Tripplehorn appeared as extras in various episodes. Throughout its short run, The Ben Stiller Show frequently appeared at the bottom of the ratings, even as it garnered critical acclaim and eventually won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing in a Variety or Music Program" posthumously.

In the early 1990s Stiller had minor roles in films such as Stella and Highway to Hell as well as a cameo in The Nutt House. In 1992 Stiller was approached to direct Reality Bites, based on a script by Helen Childress. Stiller devoted the next year and a half to rewriting the script with Childress, fundraising, and recruiting cast members for the film. It was eventually released in early 1994, directed by Stiller and featuring him as a co-star. The film was produced by Danny DeVito, who would later direct Stiller's 2003 film Duplex and produce his 2004 film Along Came Polly.

Reality Bites debuted as the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend and received mixed reviews.

Stiller joined his parents in the family film Heavyweights (1995), in which he played two roles, and then had a brief uncredited role in Adam Sandler's Happy Gilmore (1996). Next, he had lead roles in If Lucy Fell and Flirting with Disaster, before tackling his next directorial effort with The Cable Guy, which starred Jim Carrey. Stiller once again was featured in his own film, as twins. The film received mixed reviews, but was noted for paying the highest salary for an actor up to that point, as Carrey received $20 million for his work in the film. The film also connected Stiller with future Frat Pack members Jack Black and Owen Wilson.

Also in 1996, MTV invited Stiller to host the VH1 Fashion Awards. Along with SNL writer Drake Sather, Stiller developed a short film for the awards about a male model known as Derek Zoolander. It was so well received that he developed another short film about the character for the 1997 VH1 Fashion Awards and finally remade the skit into a film.

In 1998 Stiller put aside his directing ambitions to star in a surprise hit with a long-lasting cult following, the Farrelly Brothers' There's Something About Mary, alongside Cameron Diaz. That year, he starred in several dramas, including Zero Effect, Your Friends & Neighbors, and Permanent Midnight. He was invited to take part in hosting the Music Video awards, for which he developed a parody of the Backstreet Boys and performed a sketch with his father, commenting on his current career.

In 1999 he starred in three films, including Mystery Men, where he played a superhero wannabe called Mr. Furious. He returned to directing with a new spoof television series for Fox titled Heat Vision and Jack, starring Jack Black; however, the show was not picked up by Fox after its pilot episode and the series was cancelled.

In 2000, Stiller starred in three more films, including one of his most recognizable roles, a male nurse named Gaylord "Greg" Focker in Meet the Parents, opposite Robert De Niro. The film was well received by critics, grossed over $330 million worldwide, and spawned two sequels. Also in 2000, MTV again invited Stiller to make another short film, and he developed Mission: Improbable, a spoof of Tom Cruise's role in Mission: Impossible II and other films.

In 2001, Stiller directed his third feature film, Zoolander, starring himself as Derek Zoolander. The film featured multiple cameos from a variety of celebrities, including Donald Trump, Paris Hilton, Lenny Kravitz, Heidi Klum, and David Bowie, among others. The film was banned in Malaysia (as the plot centered on an assassination attempt of a Malaysian prime minister),[52] while shots of the World Trade Center were digitally removed and hidden for the film's release after the September 11 terrorist attacks.

After Stiller worked with Owen Wilson in Zoolander, they joined again for The Royal Tenenbaums.

Over the next two years, Stiller continued with the lackluster box office film Duplex, and cameos in Orange County and Nobody Knows Anything! He has guest-starred on several television shows, including an appearance in an episode of the television series The King of Queens in a flashback as the father of the character Arthur (played by Jerry Stiller). He also made a guest appearance on World Wrestling Entertainment's WWE Raw.

In 2004, Stiller appeared in six different films, all of which were comedies, and include some of his highest-grossing films: Starsky & Hutch, Envy, DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (in which he had an uncredited cameo), Along Came Polly and Meet the Fockers. While the critical flop Envy only grossed $14.5 million,[60] the most successful film of these was Meet the Fockers, which grossed over $516.6 million worldwide.

He also made extended guest appearances on Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development in the same year. In 2005, Stiller appeared in Madagascar, which was his first experience as a voice actor in an animated film. Madagascar was a massive worldwide hit, and spawned the sequels Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa in 2008 and Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted in 2012.

In 2006, Stiller had cameo roles in School for Scoundrels and Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny; he was executive producer of the latter. In December 2006, he had the lead role in Night at the Museum. Although not a critical favorite, it earned over $115 million in ten days.

In 2007, Stiller starred alongside Malin Åkerman in the romantic comedy The Heartbreak Kid. The film earned over $100 million worldwide despite receiving mostly negative reviews.

In 2008, Stiller directed, co-wrote, co-produced, and starred in the film Tropic Thunder, with Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Black; Stiller had originally conceived of the film's premise while filming Empire of the Sun in 1987.

In 2009, he starred with Amy Adams in , sequel to Night at the Museum.

In 2010, Stiller made a brief cameo in Joaquin Phoenix's mockumentary I'm Still Here and played the lead role in the comedy-drama Greenberg. He again portrayed Greg Focker in the critically panned but financially successful Little Fockers, the second sequel to Meet the Parents. He had planned to voice the main character in Megamind, but later dropped out while still remaining a producer and voicing a minor character in the film.

In 2011, Stiller starred with Eddie Murphy and Alan Alda in Tower Heist, about a group of maintenance workers planning a heist in a residential skyscraper. He produced, directed, and starred in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, which was released in 2013.

In 2018 and 2019, Stiller played Michael Cohen on Saturday Night Live for 6 episodes.

In October 2016, Stiller revealed that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer in June 2014. Following surgery, he received a cancer-free status in September 2014.

Ben Stiller at the Jonathan Ross Show.

Sieve of Eratosthenes

The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple way to find "all" the prime numbers up to some number "n":


When the algorithm is finished all the numbers that are left not crossed out are all the prime numbers from 2 up to "n".

As an optimization we can start the counting in step 3 from "p", and stop in step 2 when "p" is greater than "n". 

This is allowed because for each number "k" that is smaller than "p", the number "kp" in step 3 will be already crossed out as part of the algorithm working for some previous prime that is smaller than "p" – the smallest such prime which divides "k" evenly.

Benjamin Franklin

Benjamin Franklin (January 17, 1706 – April 17, 1790) was an American statesman, Founding Father, and scientist. He has also been known as "the First American". He was a very important person in the American Revolution and helped make the Thirteen Colonies one nation. As a leader of the Enlightenment, he influenced European scientists. He even was the first thing many Europeans associated with America at the time. His successful diplomacy in France was an important factor in the United States' win over Great Britain.

Franklin was born in Boston. After two years of school he stayed home as an apprentice in his father's candle-making shop. Two years after starting to work at his father's shop, he went to work at his brother James' printing shop. While working there, Franklin secretly wrote articles for the newspaper and labelled them as being by "Mrs. Silence Dogood". He quarrelled with his brother and at age 17 ran away to Philadelphia, then to London and then back to Philadelphia.

Franklin loved books and reading. Franklin, at the age of 21, established the colonies' first circulation library for all interested citizens. He became rich and famous as a printer, publisher and writer. Later, he sold his businesses and became busy with science and politics.

Benjamin Franklin was very important in Pennsylvanian and early American politics. He was a leader in the city of Philadelphia, where he did many important things. He was the President of the Academy and College of Philadelphia. Later he became a councilman, a Justice of the Peace, later a representative of the city. He also started one of the first public libraries in Philadelphia. He was for many years the postmaster of Philadelphia, and in 1753 became Postmaster General of the Thirteen Colonies. In 1757 he went to live in London as agent for Pennsylvania and later for other colonies.

He was in the Continental Congress, which led the country during the Revolutionary War, and he helped write the United States Declaration of Independence. He controlled the postal service as Postmaster General. As ambassador to France he helped persuade the French to join the war against Great Britain. He helped negotiate the peace, too. Later, he was part of the group that made the Constitution of the United States.

Franklin called himself a printer, but is also known for his writings. Among some of the more well known are Poor Richard's Almanack, and the Pennsylvanian.

Franklin was a scientist who studied experiments in an effort to improve or correct them. One of his greatest contributions was in the theory of electricity through the Leyden jar.

Most people see Franklin as one of history's greatest inventors. For example, he invented the lightning rod and bifocals, the Franklin stove, and the glass harmonica.

Franklin died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from pleurisy, April 17, 1790 aged 84.

Benjamin Franklin owned slaves and printed ads to help slavers find runaway slaves in his newspaper. Eventually, he changed his mind and became an abolitionist. But he still made a lot of money from slavery.

The city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (where he lived) marked his three hundredth birthday in 2006. Many streets and a few towns are named for him.

A picture of Franklin has been on the United States' hundred-dollar bill since 1928. He was also on the fifty-cent coin for 15 years.



Noble Eightfold Path

In Buddhism, the Noble Eightfold Path (Pali: "ariya atthangika magga") is the path to the end of suffering. It is the fourth part of the Four Noble Truths. It can be summed up in three categories: wisdom ("pañña"), virtue ("sila"), and concentration ("samadhi"). It asks for the Right view and the right intention, as well as other things. It also asks for the right speech.

Here is a description of the path:



Gone with the Wind

Gone with the Wind is a 1936 novel by Margaret Mitchell. It tells the story of a family woman in the American South (and in the plantation of Tara) during the Civil War. She falls in love with a city gentleman. It is one of the most famous books of its time, and was made into a movie of the same name.

The title takes the name from the line of Ernest Dowson's poem: "I have forgot much, Cynara! gone with the wind." (The line appeared in the book). Critics and historians have disagreed with its views of Confederacy and the American South before the Civil War. But it is true to the events of the time, and also has a well-written account of the fall of Atlanta in 1864. The book won the Pulitzer Prize on May 3, 1937. In 1991, Alexander Ripley wrote its official sequel, "Scarlett". Three years later, it was made as a television miniseries. In 2001, the copyright holders of the original book tried to stop sales of Alice Randall's "The Wind Done Gone". (The book retold Mitchell's story from a slave's point of view.) The resulting lawsuit allowed the book to be published; it was seen, based on rules in the First Amendment, as a parody.



AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies

AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies is a list of the top one hundred movies in American cinema. It was made by the American Film Institute in 1998. The television station CBS aired the list's special.

Movies that were on the list:



Flag of Greenland

The Flag of Greenland was designed by Greenlander Thue Christiansen. It features two equal horizontal bands of white (top) and red with a large disk at the center. The top half of the disk is red, the bottom half is white.

Its local name in the Greenlandic language is "Erfalasorput", which means "our flag", but Aappalaartoq (meaning "the red") is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog. Today Greenlanders display both the Erfalasorput and the Dannebrog, often side by side.

Greenland first thought of the idea of a flag of its own in 1973, when five Greenlanders proposed a green, white and blue flag. The following year, a newspaper printed eleven design proposals (all but one of which was a Nordic Cross), and polled the people to determine the most popular. The Dannebrog was better liked than any. Little came of this effort.

In 1978, Denmark granted home rule to Greenland, making it an equal member of the Danish Kingdom. The home rule government asked for flag proposals, receiving 555. 293 were made by Greenlanders.

Out of all the designs, the current red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven. Christiansen's red-and-white flag was officially adopted on June 21, 1985.

To honor the tenth anniversary of the Erfalasorput, the Greenland Post Office issued commemorative stamps and a leaflet by its creator. He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap; the red stripe, the ocean; the red semicircle, the fjords; and the white semicircle, the icebergs and pack ice. The design is also reminiscent of the setting sun half-submerged below the horizon and reflected on the sea.

Greenlandic language

Greenlandic can be divided into three dialects:

Kalaallisut or, in English, Greenlandic, is the standard dialect and official language of Greenland. This standard national language is now taught to all Greenlanders in school, regardless of their native dialect. It is related to Inuktitut. It reflects almost exclusively the language of western Greenland and has borrowed a great deal of vocabulary from Danish, while Canadian and Alaskan Inuit languages have tended to take words from English or sometimes French and Russian. It is written using the Roman alphabet. The dialect of the Upernavik area in northwest Greenland is somewhat different in sound from the standard dialect.

Tunumiit oraasiat, (or Tunumiisut in Kalaallisut, often East Greenlandic in other languages), is the dialect of eastern Greenland. It differs sharply from other Inuit language variants and has roughly 3,000 speakers.

Avanersuaq is the dialect of the area around Qaanaaq in northern Greenland. It is sometimes called the Thule dialect or North Greenlandic. This area is the northernmost settlement area of the Inuit and has a relatively small number of speakers. It is reputed to be fairly close to the North Baffin dialect, since a group of Inuit from Baffin Island settled in the area during the 19th and early 20th centuries. It counts under 1,000 speakers.

Earthworm

An earthworm is an invertebrate animal with a long, stretchy body and no legs. It is a type of annelid.

There are 5,500 known species of earthworms in 21 families. They are found everywhere, except in polar or dry climates. Their sizes vary: they can be between two centimeters and about three meters in length. The biggest known earthworm is the giant Gippsland earthworm, found in Australia. It is usually about 80 cm in length, but can grow to about 3 meters.

The most common earthworm (in Europe, and most other temperate climate regions) grows to a size of about 20–25 cm when extended.

Most earthworms can regrow lost segments, assuming the worm has not had too much damage. This capability varies by species.

Long ago, all animals looking like worms were lumped together by John Ray and by Linnaeus in their classifications. Later, biologists found that some were in quite different groups. Roundworms and flatworms are different phyla. Inchworms are a type of caterpillar, and the slow-worm is a legless lizard.

The average earthworm is a reddish brown color, with a pointed posterior and anterior end. There are no eyes or other discerning facial features, only a simply opening for a mouth. Earthworms have long, segmented bodies, covered in microscopic setae, or bristles, which help to anchor and pull the worm via longitudinal muscle contractions. Earthworms have no lungs, and absorb oxygen directly through their skin. In order to do this, they must stay moist, and do so by lubricating their skin with glands along their bodies.

Earthworms are invertebrates, lacking a skeleton. To support and shape the body, they are filled with coelomic fluid. Earthworms sometimes appear to have a "belt" or "saddle" around their bodies; this is a "clitelum", a structure containing maturing eggs.

Earthworms typically live in damp (but not wet), loose soil. They can also be found in loose leaf litter, and after it rains they can be found on the surface as they are forced out of the water-logged soil. Many gardeners welcome earthworms, as they aerate and enrich the soil with their droppings. They are also found in compost, feeding on decaying vegetable matter. An earthworm's burrow can be seen by the pile of dark, sand-like droppings, or casts, surrounding the entrance.

Earthworms are hermaphrodites, meaning they each contain male and female gametes. During mating, both worms exchange sperm and have eggs fertilized. The belt-like swollen area on the earthworm’s body, commonly called the "saddle" or "belt", is called a clitelum. It secretes a slimy substance that forms capsules which protect the eggs (sperm cells and eggs merge inside the capsule and form embryos). Inside, 1-20 eggs mature, taking between 60 and 90 days to hatch, depending on environmental factors such as humidity and temperature. An earthworm takes up to a year to fully mature, and in the wild they can live from 4 to 8 years.

The typical earthworm diet is decaying matter, humus, leaf litter, microbial fungi, and other microscopic organisms. Earthworms are important to the environment, breaking down organic matter and passing it through their gut as newly enriched soil. An earthworm has no teeth, so it swallows grit to help grind food in its multi-chambered gut. As an earthworm burrows and feeds, it aerates the soil and adds nutrients from deeper soil layers to upper layers, making easier new plant growth in the process. For this reason, they are valued by farmers and gardeners worldwide.


Wire

Wire is a long, thin and flexible piece of metal. Wires are made in many different metals and sizes, and are used for many purposes. Wire rope has been used for centuries. 

Electrical wire is wire used to carry electricity. When people touch wire that is carrying electricity, they get shocked, which is bad, so the outside coating of electrical wires is colored. Most electric wires are black, but some wires have a differently colored coating. Different colors indicate different purposes, for example, in the United States, green or bare is a ground (earth) wire, white is a neutral wire, and black, blue, red, brown, yellow, and orange are hot (live) wires.

A wiretap is when law enforcement puts a device into a phone or other electronic device to hear what suspected criminals are going to do. 

Copper wire is the best known type of wire, but wire can also be made out of aluminum or other metals. If we did not have wiring almost all of our electronics would not be working or available.

Whistle

A whistle is a thing that uses a stream of gas (usually air) to make a sound, or the act of making a similar sound called whistling. 

Whip

A whip is a long strand of leather or other fabric with a hard handle. When a person shakes a whip fast, it makes a loud "crack" sound, because it has broken the sound barrier. It is used for directing or hitting animals or people. Some whips are made for corporal punishment or flogging.

Die Toten Hosen

Die Toten Hosen is a German punk band from Düsseldorf, Germany. They are one of the most popular punk bands from Germany. Their career started in 1982. Their first album was released in 1984 and named "Opel-Gang".

Most of their songs are in German. Some are in English and in a few other languages such as Spanish. They have many fans in German-speaking countries but also they have many fans in South America and other parts of Europe. 

The band consists of the following members:



Balalaika

The balalaika is a musical instrument from Russia. The Balalaika family includes the piccolo balalaika, prima balalaika, sekunda balalaika, alto balalaika, bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika. They all have three strings. There are many ways to tune balalaika; the most common tuning is E-E-A. The prima balalaika is played with the fingers, the sekunda and alto either with the fingers or a pick depending on the music being played. The basses and contrabasses, which have legs that rest on the floor, are played with leather picks.

Early pictures of the balalaika show it had between two and six strings, like some Central Asian instruments. Frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal gut and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player.

The balalaika was improved by a Russian, Vasily Vasil'yevich Andreev. He had heard peasants on his farm playing badly made instruments. Andreev wanted to improve the instrument and use it for concerts. He spent the rest of his life working on this instrument with help from two violin makers and a carpenter. They improved the soundboard, which made it louder. He came up with the idea of the prima balalaike, sekunda, alto, bass and controbass balalaika. He then spent several years writing and arranging music for groups of balalaikas to play. The first public performance by the Ensemble of Balalaika Players took place in 1888.
After the Russian Revolution, the Communist Party encouraged the playing of the instrument and large balalaika orchestras were started.


Klezmer

Klezmer is a kind of music. It was made by the Jews of Eastern Europe, and it is a mix of Russian, Greek and Romanian folk music, based on Jewish prayer music. 

In old times, it was played during Jewish weddings and religious festivals, and it was made for dancing. The most common klezmer instruments are the clarinet and the violin, because they are the best to play in the sad klezmer style.

New South Wales

New South Wales is one of the states of Australia. It is the oldest state in Australia and is sometimes called the "Premier State". Of all Australian states, New South Wales has the most people. The capital city of New South Wales is Sydney. Sydney is the biggest city in Australia.

New South Wales was named by Lieutenant James Cook (later Captain Cook), who sailed up the east coast of Australia in 1770. 

New South Wales was founded (begun) in 1788, by the British who set up a small penal colony on the land of various Aboriginal tribes who had been there for tens of thousands of years. The British colony of New South Wales originally included more than half of the Australian mainland, as well as New Zealand, Lord Howe Island and Norfolk Island. During the 19th century large areas were separated to form the British colonies of Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, Queensland and New Zealand.

New South Wales has four main geographical areas:

The state is bordered on the north by Queensland, on the west by South Australia, and on the south by Victoria. Its coast faces the Tasman Sea. New South Wales contains two Federal Territories: the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), and the Jervis Bay Territory.

New South Wales' three big cities are Sydney, Newcastle and Wollongong which all lie along the coast. Other big towns include Albury which borders with Victoria; Broken Hill, the most westerly large town; Dubbo; Orange, Bowral, Bathurst, home of the Bathurst 1000; Port Macquarie, Tamworth, home to the country music festival; Armidale, Inverell, Lismore, Nowra, Gosford, Griffith, Queanbeyan, Leeton, Wagga Wagga, Goulburn, where a lot of Australia's fruit is grown and Coffs Harbour, a popular tourist destination.

The population of New South Wales at the end of June 2007 was 6.89 million people. Population grew by 1.1% over the preceding year, lower than the national rate of 1.5%.

62.9% of NSW's population is based in Sydney.


Hemp

Hemp ("Cannabis sativa" subsp. "sativa") is a plant and the fibers made from it. It is a subspecies of the "Cannabis sativa" plant. It is usually used to make cloth and other textiles, and ropes.

Hemp is one of the oldest plants humans have grown and used. Hemp was domesticated in Asia over 10,000 years ago. It was already used to make clothes, ropes, and an early form of paper. The seeds were eaten, and the plant had medicinal uses. From there the use of hemp spread. In Europe, hemp was at least used 5,500 years ago. It is one of the earliest domesticated plants recorded. It is quite strong and does not need many pesticides (to keep away bugs) and no herbicides. Linen and hemp were the most important fiber plants in Europe for a long time.

Hemp is similar to marijuana, but contains very little THC, the chemical that makes people feel good while using marijuana. Hemp is completely legal in most U.S. states, France, Spain, Indonesia, England, and Ireland.

Hemp can be used for the following things:


1000s

The 1000s decade span from 1000 to 1009.


1157

1157 was a common year.



Lung

The lung is an organ in many vertebrates (animals having a "spine", or backbone). It takes blood oxygen from the air, and expels carbon dioxide. Most vertebrates with lungs have two of them.

In animals, the lungs are the area where gas exchange takes place. Without gas exchange, oxygen would not pass into the blood from the lungs so the body cells would not be able to receive the oxygen needed for respiration.

The alveoli are moist to allow oxygen to move from the lung through the alveoli into blood vessels and red blood cells. Carbon dioxide passes from the blood into the alveoli. The oxygen-filled blood goes back to the heart and the carbon dioxide in the alveoli is pushed out of the lungs and into the air we breathe out.

Birds lungs are smaller than mammal lungs, and do not have alveoli, instead they have millions of para-bronchi. These para-bronchi end up in tiny capillaries or very small blood vessels and they pass close to the body's blood vessels, so diffusion can occur and the oxygen and carbon dioxide is exchanged. The oxygen and carbon dioxide in birds lungs are continuously diffused into and out of the blood, not like in mammals where diffusion can only happen in the alveoli. Air does not go into and back out of the lungs as in mammals. Instead, muscular air sacs push the air forward through bird lungs.

Reptile lungs open and close because of the ribs surrounding them pressing down on them and then opening up with the help of muscles. The liver is also attached to the bottom of the lungs and when a muscle which is attached to the liver pulls, the liver moves away from the lungs and pulls them, making them bigger.

Frog lungs are very simple compared to most other lungs, they are simply balloons, with moist outsides allowing for diffusion. But frogs do not move around much and so do not need lots of oxygen, but they can also take in oxygen through their moist outer skin if a big demand of oxygen is needed (e.g. Fight or flight response)


Kansas City

Kansas City is the name of two cities in the United States of America.

Rock music

Rock music is a genre of popular music. It developed during and after the 1960s in the United States. It originally started in the 1940s and 1950s with the start of rock and roll. Rock and roll grew out of rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music is related to a number of other genres such as blues and folk. It has influences from jazz, classical, and other music genres.

Musically, rock mostly uses the electric guitar as part of a rock band with bass guitar and drums. Rock music is song based. It has a 4/4 beat and it has verse-chorus form. However, rock has become very different and it is hard to say what its common musical instruments are. Like pop music, rock music lyrics are mostly about "romantic love". They can also have social or have political themes, however, rock focuses on musical skill, live performance, and it tries to be more real than pop music.

By the late 1960s, a number of different rock musicians genres had come out. These included hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, and jazz-rock fusion. From these forms, the counterculture developed psychedelic rock. New genres that came from this scene included progressive rock, glam rock and heavy metal. Progressive rock made the music more artistic. Glam rock focused on showmanship and what you can see. Heavy metal focused on loudness, power and speed. Punk rock became more popular in the second half of the 1970s. It was inspired by other types of rock, as well as counterculture. Punk rock is a loud type of rock music with political and social critiques. Punk caused other below-genres to come about into the 1980s, including New Wave, post-punk and eventually the alternative rock movement. From the 1990s, alternative rock began to be the most popular type of rock music. It broke through into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. More merging of below-genres have since emerged. These include pop punk, rap rock, and rap metal, as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history, including the garage rock/post-punk and synthpop revivals at the beginning of the new millennium.

Rock music has also helped cultural and social movements. This led to large sub-cultures including mods and rockers in the UK and the "hippie" culture that spread out from San Francisco in the US in the 1960s. Similarly, 1970s punk culture made the goth and emo subcultures. Rock music has the same folk tradition as the protest song. Rock music has been involved with political activism. It has also made changes to social attitudes towards race, sex and drug use. It is often seen as an expression of youth revolt against adult consumerism and conformity.

Cream

Cream (also called milkfat, milk fat, butterfat, and butter fat) is the fatty part of regular milk. Skimmed milk (or skim milk) is milk sold with some or nearly all of the fat removed. Cream is usually used in coffee to make it lighter in taste. Cream can also be used to make some sauces such as the Americanized Alfredo sauce.



Time dilation

Gravitational time dilation is a physics concept about changes in the passage of time, caused by general relativity. A clock in outer space moves more quickly than a clock on Earth. Heavy things like planets create a gravitational field that slows down time nearby. An example of gravity causing time dilation is that if an object is near a black hole its time will slow relative to that of time on earth. This means that a clock on a spaceship far away from any planet would move faster than a clock near Earth.

This is different from time dilation explained by special relativity, which says that fast objects move more slowly through time. Close satellites like the International Space Station move very quickly to orbit the Earth, so they are slowed down. Because the ISS is in low Earth orbit (LEO), time dilation due to gravity is not as strong as time dilation due to its speed, so a clock on it is slowed down more than it is sped up. An object in Geostationary orbit moves less quickly and is farther away from Earth, so gravitational time dilation is stronger, and clocks move more quickly than in LEO. This means that engineers need to pick different clocks for different orbits. GPS satellites work because they know about both kinds of time dilation.

Case #1: In special relativity, clocks that are moving run slower, according to a stationary observer's clock. "This effect does not come from workings of the clocks, but from the nature of spacetime".

Case #2: the observers may be in positions with different gravitational masses. In general relativity, clocks that are near a strong gravitational field run slower than clocks in a weaker gravitational field.

If you were to have a rotor, or motor, moving at a very fast speed (any measurement of speed will cause time dilation just in varying amounts) and have a beam of sorts with a capsule, the faster it spins the more time changes.

This could theoretically make a time machine although it could only go forward and would be very dangerous.

Experiments support both aspects of time dilation.

The formula for determining time dilation in special relativity is:
where

It could also be written as:
where

A simple summary is that more time is measured on the clock at rest than the moving clock, therefore, the moving clock is "running slow".

When both clocks are not moving, relative to each other, the two times measured are the same. This can be proven mathematically by

For example:
In a spaceship moving at 99% of the speed of light, a year passes. How much time will pass on earth?

Substituting into :formula_1

So approximately 7.09 years will pass on earth, for each year in the spaceship.

In ordinary life today, time dilation had not been a factor, where people move at speeds much less than the speed of light, the speeds are not great enough to produce any detectable time dilation effects. Such vanishingly small effects can be safely ignored. It is only when an object approaches speeds on the order of (10% the speed of light) that time dilation becomes important.

However, there are practical uses of time dilation. A big example is with keeping the clocks on GPS satellites accurate. Without accounting for time dilation, the GPS result would be useless, because time runs faster on satellites so far from Earth's gravity. GPS devices would calculate the wrong position due to the time difference if the space clocks were not set to run slower on Earth to offset the quicker time in high Earth orbit (geostationary orbit).

Supreme Court of the United States

The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court in the United States of America. Because of this, the Court leads the Judicial Branch of the United States Federal Government. It is the only U.S. court established by the United States Constitution. Its decisions are supposed to be followed by all other courts in the United States. Since 1935, the Court has met in its own building in Washington, D.C.; before that, it met in the United States Capitol. 

There are 9 justices on the court now: one Chief Justice and eight Associate Justices. Courts (a set of all justices of the court while one Chief Justice is serving) are unofficially named for the Chief Justice; the current Court is called the "Roberts Court" after Chief Justice John Roberts.

The Supreme Court chooses which cases it will decide on, by choosing to give a "writ of certiorari" or not. Almost 7,000 people, known as "petitioners", ask the Supreme Court to decide their cases every year, but the court only gives a "writ" to about 100 or less. For the Supreme Court to decide a case, the case must be about: federal law, the Constitution of the United States, disagreements between states or their residents, or another court's decision that differs from what the Supreme Court has decided on a similar case. Cases "must" first be decided by a federal district court and a federal court of appeals or by a state supreme court. Even after that, the Supreme Court can choose not to decide a case for any reason. Cases about disagreements between states or their residents sometimes can only be decided by the Supreme Court, but those are rare.

The justices serve for life unless they want to retire earlier or are impeached. If a justice retires, he or she can still be asked to serve as a judge on a federal Court of Appeals. New justices are "nominated" (picked) by the President of the United States, and then must be approved by the United States Senate. 

The most recent justice to be chosen is Ketanji Brown Jackson, who was nominated by President Joe Biden in February 2022, to replace retiring Justice Stephen Breyer. After the Senate approved her, Jackson became the first female African American justice.

Fall (motion)

A fall is, in everyday language and thought, a movement down that happens due to gravity. An example is when something rolls off a table and falls down to the floor.

Falling is a motion towards a place where an object will have a lower total potential energy or lower potential. Total potential energy being the sum of all potential energies -- those from gravitational fields, electric fields, and magnetic fields.

The idea of falling in natural human language(s) as falling down begs the definition of what down really is. Down may be straight towards your feet, or if you are on a hill, be off at an angle. Often an attempt is made to correct this definition by saying down is towards the center of the Earth. But that definition only works here on Earth. The idea of falling using common everyday language as being in the direction of down does not work in places in the universe other than Earth. In space, somewhere between the Earth and its moon, an object may fall to the earth or fall to the moon. At other places an object may fall towards the Sun or Jupiter. At other places in the universe an object may even fall to a point in space between stars and planets.

Falling using common everyday language is also true only due to gravity. A balloon rubbed on your hair and held close to the ceiling will fall up towards the ceiling. Electrically charged objects do not always fall due to the force of gravity, but due to electric forces. As masses fall in gravitational fields, charges or charged objects will fall to a place where they have less total potential energy. Magnetic objects will fall in a magnetic field to a place where they have less total potential energy.

Falling is a very common cause of people's injuries, possibly the most common cause. This is especially the case for elderly people, people with various conditions causing a loss of balance, and for people who do sports and other leisure activities requiring significant motion.

In many cases, elderly people become less steady on their feet and if they fall they are at a greater risk of having serious injuries, such as breaking their hip, because of the more brittle condition of their bones.

During sports and other recreational activities such as bicycling or skateboarding, people are more likely to fall. Some bicyclists and skateboarders wear protective clothing to protect their body in the event of a fall, such as a helmet, elbow pads, and knee pads.

Autumn

Autumn is the season after summer and before winter. In the United States and Canada, this season is also called fall. In the Northern Hemisphere, it is often said to begin with the autumnal equinox in September and end with the winter solstice in December. In the Southern Hemisphere, it runs from the autumnal equinox in March to the winter solstice in June.

In many places in the temperate zone, autumn is a time for harvesting most crops. Deciduous trees (trees that lose their leaves every year) lose their leaves, usually after turning yellow, red, or brown. In many countries, autumn is the time a new school year starts. The period of school between the start of September and the end of December is often referred to as the “Fall Semester”, “Fall Quarter”, or “Fall Term”.

When it is autumn in the Northern Hemisphere, it is spring in the Southern Hemisphere. When it is autumn in the Southern Hemisphere, it is spring in the Northern Hemisphere. On the Equator, autumn is very much like spring, with little difference in temperature or in weather. Autumn is a time when most animals are looking for food so they can store up for winter, because they soon will be going into hibernation. The weather gets colder and more windy. In Autumn the hours of daylight and the hours of night are the same. In autumn the weather changes all the time. The weather turns cooler and often windy and rainy.

Fall

Fall has several meanings:

Holocaust denial

Holocaust denial is the claim that the Holocaust did not happen, or was not as bad as people think it was. Historians agree that during World War II, the Nazis did kill millions of people during the Holocaust, including many people in concentration camps. They agree that there is more proof in writing, pictures, and places about the Holocaust than any other great killing of people. Holocaust deniers usually call themselves "Holocaust revisionists." They say that the Holocaust is a hoax made up by Jewish people working together.

It is against the criminal law to deny the Holocaust in Israel and in many European countries, especially in Germany. Some Holocaust deniers, like Ernst Zündel, have been charged with crimes.

These are Holocaust deniers' most common arguments:

Holocaust denial also includes these claims:

Historians agree that the Holocaust happened. They also agree that Holocaust deniers use bad research, get things wrong, and sometimes make facts up to support their claims.

Many things together prove that the Holocaust did happen:



John Locke

John Locke (; 29 August 1632 – 28 October 1704), known as the "Father of Liberalism", was an English philosopher and physician. His writings on the theory of social contract influenced Voltaire and Rousseau, many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers, and the American revolutionaries. His ideas are mentioned in the American Declaration of Independence.

Locke's theories were usually about identity and the self. Locke thought that we are born without thoughts, and that knowledge is instead determined only by experience.

Locke's father, who was also named John Locke, was a country lawyer. He had served as a captain in the early part of the English Civil War. His mother, Agnes Keene, was a tanner's daughter and was thought to be very beautiful. Both mother and father were Puritans. 
Locke was born on 29 August 1632, in a cottage by the church in Wrington, Somerset, about twelve miles from Bristol. He was baptized when he was born. After that, his family soon moved to Pensford.
In 1647, Locke was sent to Westminster School in London. During this time he was being sponsored by Alexander Popham, a member of the Parliament. After finishing his studies there, he went into the Christ Church. Although Locke was a good student, he did not like the schedule of the time spent there. He did not like the classical subjects taught at the university, and wanted to learn more about modern philosophy. Through his friend Richard Lower, whom he had met at the school, Locke learned about medicine, because his friend Richard Lower taught it to him.

Locke was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1656 and a master's degree in 1658. In 1666, he met Lord Anthony Ashley Cooper, who had come to Oxford seeking treatment for his liver disease. Cooper was impressed with Locke and asked him to come.
Locke had been looking for a job and in 1667 moved into Shaftesbury's home at Exeter House in London, to serve as Lord Ashley's personal physician. In London, Locke continued his studies on medicine.

Locke's medical knowledge was put to the test when Shaftesbury's liver disease became worse until Shaftesbury was about to die. Locke used the advice of several physicians and persuaded Shaftesbury to go to an operation. Shaftesbury lived through the operation and thanked Locke for saving his life.
Shaftesbury, as a member of the Whig movement, was a big influence on Locke's political ideas. However, after Shaftesbury began to fall from favor in 1675, Locke decided to travel across France. He came back to England in 1679. At this time, due to Shaftesbury's insistance, Locke wrote the "Two Treatises of Government". While it was once thought that Locke wrote the Treatises to defend the Glorious Revolution of 1688, recent scholarship has shown that the work was composed before this even started.

However, Locke ran away to the Netherlands in 1683. This is because people became suspicious of him being involved in the Rye House Plot to assassinate King Charles II of England. In the Netherlands, Locke had time to return to his writing, spending a great deal of time re-working the essay. Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution. Locke came with William of Orange's wife back to England in 1688.
Locke's close friend Lady Masham invited him to join her at the Mashams' country house in Essex. Although his time there was marked by variable health from asthma attacks, he nevertheless became an intellectual hero of the Whigs. During this period he discussed matters with such figures as John Dryden and Isaac Newton.
He died on 28 October 1704, and is buried in the churchyard of the village of High Laver, east of Harlow in Essex, where he had lived in the household of Sir Francis Masham since 1691. Locke never married nor had children. 
Events that happened during Locke's lifetime include the English Restoration, the Great Plague of London and the Great Fire of London. He did not quite see the Acts of Union 1707 though the thrones of England and Scotland were held in personal union throughout his lifetime. Constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy were in their infancy during Locke's time.





Marcha Real

"Marcha Real" (, which means "Royal March") is the national anthem of Spain. The music was composed by Manuel de Espinosa de los Monteros in 1761 also in this year the anthem was first published. When Francisco Franco ruled Spain, new lyrics were written for it. Since 1978, those words are no longer official. In 2007, a contest for new lyrics did not result in new lyrics being made official. It is one of only four national anthems in the world with no official words, only music.

The lyrics used when Alfonso XIII was king were written by Eduardo Marquina (1879–1946):<poem lang="es" style="margin-right:2em; float:left;">La bandera de España (Coro)
Gloria, gloria, corona de la Patria,
soberana luz
que es oro en tu Pendón.
Vida, vida, futuro de la Patria,
que en tus ojos es
abierto corazón...!
Púrpura y oro: bandera inmortal;
en tus colores, juntas, carne y alma están.
Púrpura y oro: querer y lograr;
Tú eres, bandera, el signo del humano afán.

España guiadora (Solo)
¡Pide, España! ¡Tu nombre llevaremos
donde quieras tú;
que honrarlo es nuestra ley!
¡Manda, España, y unidos lucharemos,
porque vivas tú,
sin tregua pueblo y rey!
Una bandera gloriosa nos das;
¡nadie, viviendo, España, nos la arrancará!
Para que, un día, nos pueda cubrir,
¡danos, España, el gozo de morir por ti!

¡Viva España!... (Coro)
¡Viva España! Del grito de la Patria,
la explosión triunfal
abrió camino al sol;
¡Viva España! repiten veinte pueblos
y al hablar dan fe
del ánimo español...
¡Marquen arado martillo y clarín
su noble ritmo al grito de la Patria fe!
¡Guíe la mente a la mano hasta el fin,
al "Viva España" asista toda España en pie!</poem>
<poem style="float:left;">Flag of Spain (Chorus)
Glory, glory, crown of the Fatherland
sovereign light
which in your standard is gold.
Life, life, future of the Fatherland,
in your eyes it is
an open heart
Purple and gold: immortal flag;
in your colors, together, flesh and soul are.
Purple and gold: to want and to achieve;
You are, flag, the sign of human effort.

Guiding Spain (Solo)
Ask of us, Spain! Your name we will take
anywhere you want;
because honoring it is our law!
Command us, Spain, and united we will fight,
so that you may live,
relentless people and king!
You give us a glorious flag;
Nobody, who is alive, Spain, will take it from us!
So that, one day, we can be covered by it,
Give us, Spain, the joy of dying for you!

Long live Spain! ... (Chorus)
Long live Spain! The cry of the Fatherland,
the triumphant explosion
Has opened the way to the sun;
Long live Spain! repeated twenty peoples
and when they speak they have faith
in the Spanish will ...
Mark plow hammer and bugle
your noble rhythm at the cry of the Fatherland faith!
Guide the mind and the hand until the end,
the "Long Live Spain" Spain attends all standing!</poem>

Satellite (artificial)

A satellite is an object that orbits another object. In space, satellites may be natural, or artificial. The moon is a natural satellite that orbits the Earth. Most artificial satellites also orbit the Earth, but some orbit other planets, or the Sun or Moon. Satellites are used for many purposes. There are weather satellites, communications satellites, navigation satellites, reconnaissance satellites, astronomy satellites.
The world's first artificial satellite, the Sputnik 1, was launched by the Soviet Union on October 4,1957. This surprised the world, and the United States quickly worked to launch their own satellite, starting the space race. Sputnik 2 was launched on November 3, 1957 and carried the first living passenger into orbit, a dog named Laika. The United States launched their first satellite, called "Explorer 1" on January 31, 1958. The UK launched its first satellite in 1962.

Since then, thousands of satellites have been launched into orbit around the Earth. Some satellites, notably space stations, have been launched in parts and assembled in orbit.

Artificial satellites come from more than 50 countries and have used the satellite launching capabilities of ten nations. A few hundred satellites are currently working, but thousands of unused satellites and satellite fragments orbit the Earth as space debris. The largest satellite is the International Space Station, which was put together by several different countries (including the organizations of NASA, ESA, JAXA and RKA). It usually has a crew of six astronauts or cosmonauts living on board. It is permanently occupied, but the crew changes. The Hubble Space Telescope has been repaired and updated by astronauts in space several times.

There are also artificial satellites orbiting something other than the Earth. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is one of those orbiting Mars. Cassini-Huygens orbited Saturn. Venus Express, run by the ESA, orbited Venus. Two GRAIL satellites orbited the moon until December 2012. Several satellites have orbited the Sun for years. 

Artificial satellites have several main uses:

Most of the artificial satellites are in a low Earth orbit (LEO) or a geostationary orbit. To stay in orbit, the satellite's sideways speed must balance the force of gravity. Satellites in low orbit are often less than one thousand kilometers above the ground. Close to the Earth, in LEO, the satellites must move faster to stay in orbit. Low orbits work well for satellites that take pictures of the Earth. Many do jobs that call for high orbital inclination (they swing above and below the equator), so they can communicate, or look at other areas. It is easier to put a satellite in low Earth orbit, but the satellite appears to move when viewed from Earth. This means a satellite dish (a type of antenna) must be always moving in order to send or receive communications with that satellite. 

Medium orbit works well for GPS satellites - receivers on Earth use the satellite's changing position and precise time (and a type of antenna that does not have to be pointed) to find where on Earth the receiver is. But constantly changing positions does not work for satellite TV and other types of satellites that send and receive a lot of information. Those need to be in geostationary orbit. 

A satellite in a geostationary orbit moves around the Earth as fast as the Earth spins, so from the ground it looks like it is stationary (not moving). To move this way, the satellite must be straight above the equator, and 35,786 kilometers (22,236 miles) above the ground.



Césarville-Dossainville

Césarville-Dossainville is a French village in the "département" of Loiret and the "région" of Centre.





La Marseillaise

"The Marseillaise" () is the national anthem of France. The song was made by Rouget de Lisle in Strasbourg on 26 April 1792, after France declared war against Austria. It was first called "Chant de guerre pour l'armée du Rhin" (meaning "Marching Song of the Rhine Army").

It was first adopted in 1795 as the national anthem of the French First Republic by the French National Convention.

As the French Revolution roared on, monarchies from countries next to France grew worried that the ruckus would come into their territories. To stop the French Revolution from spreading, the War of the First Coalition began, in which Coalition armies invaded France. On 25 April 1792, Strasbourg mayor Baron Philippe-Frédéric de Dietrich asked his freemason guest Rouget de Lisle to compose a song "that will rally our soldiers from all over to defend their homeland that is under threat." That evening, Rouget de Lisle wrote "Chant de guerre pour l'Armée du Rhin," which he dedicated to Baravian Marshal . De Dietrich was executed, however, the next year during the .

The tune of the song became an "anthem" for the French Revolution. The name of the song was then changed to the title "La Marseillaise", after it was first sung on the streets by volunteers from the city of Marseille at the end of May. They were entering the capital city of Paris on 30 July 1792, and troops adopted it as the marching song of the National Guard of Marseille.

"La Marseillaise" is France's first ever anthem and was accepted as the French national anthem by the National Convention on 14 July 1795. It later lost its status under Napoleon I, and the song was banned by Louis XVIII and Charles X. It regained its status as national anthem right after the July Revolution of 1830. During Napoleon I's reign, "Veillons au salut de l'Empire" (meaning "Let's Ensure the Salvation of the Empire") was the unofficial anthem of his reign, and under Napoleon III's control, it was "Partant pour la Syrie" (meaning "Leaving for Syria"). Eventually, the French government brought back "La Marseillaise" to try to spread patriotism to the French people during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. A year later, after that war ended, "La Marseillaise" was adopted by the Paris Commune, although it had new lyrics under the title "La marseillaise de la Commune" (meaning "The Marseillaise of the Commune"). Eight years later, in 1879, it was one again the national anthem of France, and has remained so ever since.

The lyrics mention about the time when France was being invaded by Prussia and Austria, while it was written. The city of Strasbourg in eastern France was attacked a few days later. The invading forces were kicked out of France following their defeat in the Battle of Valmy. As the majority of Alsatians did not speak French, a German version titled "Auf, Brüder, auf dem Tag entgegen" was published in October 1792 in Colmar.

Only the first stanza (and sometimes the fourth and sixth) and the first chorus are sung today in France. There are some slight historical variations in the words of the song; the following is the version listed at the official website of the French presidency.

These verses were removed from the national anthem.
France is a country made up of various ethnicities on which they have historically settled. As such, many regional languages are spoken to this day. These languages include Alsatian (a German dialect spoken in the east of France), Basque (a language isolate spoken in the southwest of France), Breton (a Celtic language spoken in the northwest of France), Catalan (a language intelligible between French and Spanish, spoken in the south of France), Corsican (a language similar to Italian, spoken in the Mediterranean), Occitan (a language similar to Catalan, also spoken in the south of France), and Walloon (a language similar to French, spoken in the Wallonia region in Belgium).

The popularity of this anthem has spread across the globe. It has been translated into several languages by known poets over the course of its existence.

The Basque poet Joan Batista Arxu published a version in his 1848 collection "Kantu patriotak" (meaning "Patriotic songs").

The French national anthem has been the basis of a couple patriogic songs written in the Walloon language as part of the Walloon Movement.

There have been many different variants of the song, including:

In Russia, "La Marseillaise" was used as a republican revolutionary anthem by Russian French speakers in the 18th century. In 1875 Peter Lavrov wrote the original Russian text (not translated from the French lyrics) to the same tune, known as the "Worker's Marseillaise", which became very popular in Russia and was used in the Russian Revolution of 1905. After the February Revolution, it was used as the semi-official national anthem of the Russian republic, and after the October Revolution, it was official along with The Internationale.

Composers have often quoted "La Marseillaise" in their music; for example, Tchaikovsky uses it in the 1812 overture.

Nashville, Tennessee

Nashville is the capital and largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is on the Cumberland River in Davidson County. Nashville is the home of the Grand Ole Opry, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and many major record labels.

Nashville has 689,447 people in it (according to the 2020 census). A resident of Nashville is called a "Nashvillian".

The City of Nashville and Davidson County joined in 1963 as a way for Nashville to fight the problems of urban sprawl. The joint metropolitan government offers services such as police, firefighting, electricity, running water, and waste water disposal.

On March 3, 2020, a tornado tracked west to east, just north of the downtown Nashville area, killing at least 25 people and leaving tens of thousands without electricity.

On December 25, 2020, a suicide bombing happened in the city.

Nashville sports teams include:


Notes


Salem, Oregon

Salem (IPA: [ˈseɪ lm̩]) is the capital city of the state of Oregon in the United States of America, and county seat of Marion County. In 2020, there were 175,535 people living in Salem. It is in the Willamette Valley.


Harrisburg, Pennsylvania

Harrisburg is the capital city of Pennsylvania, one of the four U.S. states called a "Commonwealth" of the United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city has 50,099 people living in it.

Harrisburg is the county seat of Dauphin County and is on the Susquehanna River, 105 miles (169 km) northwest of Philadelphia.

Originally the home to Native Americans, Captain John Smith first made contact with them in 1608. In 1719, English trader John Harris, Sr. built a home on the bank of the river, and by 1785 obtained the land from William Penn, creating the settlement of "Harrisburg" named after Harris.



Olympia, Washington

Olympia is the capital city of the state of Washington, in the United States of America. It became a city on January 28, 1859. As of the 2010 census, it has 46,478 people living in it. The people of Olympia are called "Olympians". Olympia is the county seat of Thurston County.

Olympia is located at 47°2'33" North, 122°53'35" West (47.042418, -122.893077).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total size of 48.0 km² (18.5 mi²). 43.3 km² (16.7 mi²) of it is land and 4.7 km² (1.8 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 9.77% water.

Olympia is on the water (Puget Sound) and close to dark green forests and high mountains (the Olympic Mountains and Mount Rainier). On most days of the year the sky is full of clouds and it rains, but sunny weather is more common in July, August, and September.

Many people in Olympia work for the government of the State of Washington. Every year, state representatives and state senators come to Olympia to make laws and to pass a budget for the state government.

Olympia is the home of the Olympia Farmers Market and The Evergreen State College.

Every April, the people of Olympia celebrate the "Procession of the Species,". It is a parade. Many Olympians, of all ages, dress up to look like animals, birds, fish, plants, and even insects, and walk in the parade. Some also play drums or dance the samba.


Invertebrate

An invertebrate is an animal that does not have a spinal column or "backbone". This contrasts with vertebrate: if an animal is not a vertebrate (fish, reptile, amphibian, bird, or mammal), it is an invertebrate.

The main phyla (groups) of invertebrate animals are:

Insects and other arthropods have no bones, but they have a skeleton on the outside of their bodies, called an exoskeleton. 

There are 18 more groups of invertebrates, mostly minor: see List of animal phyla.

Sugar, We're Goin Down

"Sugar, We’re Goin' Down" is the first single from the "From Under the Cork Tree" album, by Fall Out Boy and it was the song that made them famous. It was released in 2005.

Lawrence of Arabia

Lawrence of Arabia is a British epic movie from 1962, based on the life of T. E. Lawrence. It stars Peter O'Toole as the title character, along with Omar Sharif and Alec Guinness. The opening scene of the movie shows Lawrence dying in a motorcycle accident. The movie then goes into a series of flashbacks (past events) from his life.

The 1982 movie "Gandhi" follows the story pattern of "Lawrence of Arabia's": after the main character dies at the start, it moves into a series of flashbacks from Gandhi's life.

"Lawrence of Arabia" won seven Academy Awards, one of them for Best Picture.

Considered one of the greatest movies ever made, it has appeared on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list (as the number five selecion).

A director's cut of the movie, running at 216 minutes, has no women talking in it.


Glyphosate

Glyphosate is a non-selective herbicide used in agriculture for the control of weeds, shrubs, and grasses. One brand name it is sold as is Monsanto's "Roundup". It is also used in genetically modified crops.

There are many studies indicating glyphosate is dangerous for animals, including humans.


Pudding

Pudding is a popular dessert and snack. It tastes sweet, and comes in many flavors. The most common kind of pudding is chocolate. Some other kinds are vanilla, butterscotch, banana, and pistachio. Most pudding today is made out of milk, sugar, flavoring, and flour. Eggs can be used, too. If you do not want to make the pudding, you do not have to. The grocery store sells pudding that is already made. One of the most popular makers of pudding in the United States is Jell-O.

In Britain, the word "pudding" is often used for any dessert, especially a dessert made with flour and eggs and cooked by steaming, boiling or baking, e.g. treacle pudding, chocolate pudding or Spotted Dick (pudding with raisins or currants). There are also milk puddings such as rice pudding or semolina.

Confusingly, "steak and kidney pudding" is a savoury dish, similar to "steak and kidney pie" but with a softer pastry.

Sigmund Freud

Sigmund Freud (Moravia, 6 May 1856 – London, 23 September 1939) was an Austrian neurologist (a person who treats the nervous system). He invented the treatment of mental illness and neurosis by means of psychoanalysis.

Freud is important in psychology because he studied the unconscious mind. The unconscious part of the mind cannot be easily controlled or noticed by a person.

In 1860, he and his family to Vienna. He did well in school and became a doctor. Freud married Martha Bernays in 1886. They had six children.

Freud lived in Austria in the 1930s. After the Anschluss, Germany and Austria were combined. Because he was Jewish, he received a visit from the Gestapo. Freud and his family did not feel safe anymore. Freud left Vienna and went to England in June 1938.

Freud developed a theory of the human mind (its organisation and operations). He also had a theory that human behaviour both conditions and results from how the mind is organised.

This led him to favor certain clinical techniques for trying to help cure mental illness. He theorised that personality is developed by a person's childhood experiences.

Freud began his study of medicine at the University of Vienna at the age of 17. He got his M.D. degree in 1881 at the age of 25 and entered private practice in neurology for financial reasons.

Freud hoped that his research would provide a solid scientific basis for his therapeutic technique. The goal of Freudian therapy, or psychoanalysis, was to bring repressed thoughts and feelings into consciousness in order to free the patient from suffering distorted emotions.

Classically, the bringing of unconscious thoughts and feelings to consciousness is brought about by encouraging a patient to talk in free association and to talk about dreams.
In November 1880 Breuer was called in to treat a highly intelligent 21-year-old woman (Bertha Pappenheim) for a persistent cough which he diagnosed as hysterical. He found that while nursing her dying father she had developed a number of transitory symptoms, including visual disorders and paralysis and contractures of limbs, which he also diagnosed as hysterical.

Breuer began to see his patient almost every day as the symptoms increased and became more persistent. He found that when, with his encouragement, she told fantasy stories her condition improved, and most of her symptoms had disappeared by April 1881. However, following the death of her father in that month her condition deteriorated again. Breuer recorded that some of the symptoms eventually remitted spontaneously, and that full recovery was achieved by inducing her to recall events that had precipitated the occurrence of a specific symptom. This recovery is disputed.

Freud famously proposed that unconscious memories of infantile sexual abuse were at the root of the psychoneuroses. However, patients were generally unconvinced that Freud's clinical procedure indicated actual sexual abuse. He reported that even after a supposed "reproduction" of sexual scenes the patients assured him emphatically of their disbelief.

As a medical researcher, Freud was an early user and proponent of cocaine as a stimulant as well as analgesic. He wrote several articles on the antidepressant qualities of the drug and he was influenced by friend and confidant Wilhelm Fliess, who recommended cocaine for the treatment of "nasal reflex neurosis".

Freud felt that cocaine would work as a cure for many conditions and wrote a well-received paper, "On Coca", explaining its virtues. He prescribed it to his friend Ernst von Fleischl-Marxow to help him overcome a morphine addiction acquired while treating a disease of the nervous system. Freud also recommended cocaine to many of his close family and friends.

Reports of addiction and overdose began to come from many parts of the world. Freud's medical reputation became somewhat tarnished because of this early ambition. Furthermore, Freud's friend Fleischl-Marxow developed an acute case of 'cocaine psychosis' as a result of Freud's prescriptions, and died a few years later. Freud felt great regret over these events.

Freud made arguments about the importance of the unconscious mind in understanding conscious thought and behavior.

However the unconscious was not discovered by Freud. Historian of psychology Mark Altschule concluded, "It is difficult—or perhaps impossible—to find a nineteenth-century psychologist or psychiatrist who did not recognize unconscious thought as not only real but of the highest importance". Freud's advance was not to uncover the unconscious but to devise a method for systematically studying it.

Freud called dreams the "royal road to the knowledge of the unconscious in mental life". This meant that dreams illustrate the "logic" of the unconscious mind. Freud developed his first topology of the psyche in "The Interpretation of Dreams" (1899) in which he proposed that the unconscious exists and described a method for gaining access to it. The preconscious was described as a layer between conscious and unconscious thought; its contents could be accessed with a little effort.

One key factor in the operation of the unconscious is 'repression'. Freud believed that many people repress painful memories deep into their unconscious mind.

Freud hoped his model was universally valid and so turned to ancient mythology and ethnography for comparative material. Freud named his new theory the Oedipus complex after the famous Greek tragedy "Oedipus Rex" by Sophocles. "I found in myself a constant love for my mother, and jealousy of my father. I now consider this to be a universal event in childhood." Freud said. Freud sought to anchor this pattern of development in the dynamics of the mind. Each stage is a progression into adult sexual maturity, characterized by a strong ego and the ability to delay gratification (cf. "Three essays on the theory of Sexuality").

He used the Oedipus conflict to point out how much he believed that people desire incest and must repress that desire. The Oedipus conflict was described as a state of psychosexual development and awareness.

Freud originally thought child sexual abuse was a general explanation for the origin of neuroses, but he abandoned this so-called "seduction theory". He noted finding many cases in which apparent memories of childhood sexual abuse were based more on imagination than on real events.

During the late 1890s Freud, who never abandoned his belief in the sexual cause of neuroses, began to emphasize fantasies built around the Oedipus complex as the primary cause of hysteria and other neurotic symptoms. Despite this change in his explanatory model, Freud always recognized that some neurotics had in fact been sexually abused by their fathers. He explicitly discussed several patients whom he knew to have been abused.

Freud also believed that the libido developed in individuals by changing its object, a process called "sublimation". He argued that humans are born "polymorphously perverse", meaning that any number of objects could be a source of pleasure. He further argued that, as humans develop, they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development – first in the oral stage (exemplified by an infant's pleasure in nursing), then in the anal stage (exemplified by a toddler's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels), then in the phallic stage.

Freud argued that children then passed through a stage in which they fixated on the mother as a sexual object (known as the Oedipus Complex) but that the child eventually overcame and repressed this desire because of its taboo nature. The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development comes before the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development.

In his later work, Freud proposed that the human psyche could be divided into three parts: Id, ego, and super-ego. Freud discussed this model in the 1920 essay "Beyond the Pleasure Principle", and fully elaborated upon it in "The Ego and the Id" (1923). The Id is the impulsive, childlike portion of the psyche that operates on the "pleasure principle" and only takes into account what it wants and disregards all consequences.

The term "Ego" entered the English language in the late 18th century. "Ego" is Latin for 'I'. It attempts to balance the desires of the Id with reality. It tries to act ways that will bring benefit in the long term, rather than bring grief.

The term "Id" ('the It' or 'the Thing') represents the primitive urges to possess, conquer, dominate and achieve pleasure. It can be seen very clearly in young children, who have not yet learnt to mask their feelings.

The Super-ego is the moral component of the psyche, which makes a clear distinction between right and wrong, and makes no allowance for special circumstances.

The rational Ego attempts to get a balance between the impractical hedonism of the Id and the equally impractical moralism of the Super-ego; it is the part of the psyche that is usually reflected most directly in a person's actions.

When overburdened or threatened by its tasks, the Ego may employ defense mechanisms including denial, repression, and displacement. The theory of ego defense mechanisms has received empirical validation, and the nature of repression, in particular, became one of the more fiercely debated areas of psychology in the 1990s.

Freud believed that humans were driven by two conflicting central desires: the life drive which is called "Eros" (survival, propagation, hunger, thirst, and sex) and the death drive (Thanatos).

Freud recognized the death drive only in his later years and developed his theory of it in "Beyond the Pleasure Principle".

Freud acknowledged the tendency for the unconscious to repeat unpleasurable experiences in order to desensitize, or deaden, the body. This compulsion to repeat unpleasurable experiences explains why traumatic nightmares occur in dreams, as nightmares seem to contradict Freud's earlier conception of dreams purely as a site of pleasure, fantasy, and desire.

On the one hand, the life drives promote survival by avoiding extreme unpleasure and any threat to life. On the other hand, the death drive functions simultaneously toward extreme pleasure, which leads to death. Freud addressed the conceptual dualities of pleasure and unpleasure, as well as sex/life and death, in his discussions on masochism and sadomasochism. The tension between life drive and death drive represented a revolution in his manner of thinking.

There are four main charges against the orthodox view of Freud. They are:

Anthony Clare, psychiatrist and broadcaster, described Freud as a "ruthless and devious charlatan", and that "many of the foundations stones of psychoanalysis are phoney".



Snack

A snack is a small amount of food eaten between meals. It can be any kind of food that you do not eat in large amount. People eat snacks if they are hungry between meals. For example, eating potato chips after lunch but before dinner is eating a snack. Other foods that can be eaten as snacks are fruit, candy, muffins, ice cream, and popcorn.

Snacking has surged during the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. Now only few people do not snack. Most snacks bought are processed foods.

Providence, Rhode Island

Providence is the capital and the most populous city of Rhode Island. It was one of the first cities established in the United States. It is located in Providence County. It is the third largest city in the New England region. In the 2020 census, the city proper population was 190,934. Providence has the 38th largest metropolitan population in the country, with an estimated metropolitan population of 1,676,579. This metropolitan area includes almost all of Rhode Island and part of Massachusetts. Providence is at the mouth of the Providence River, at the head of Narragansett Bay. The city's small footprint is crisscrossed by streets at odd angles and has a rapidly changing distribution of residents.

Providence was founded in 1636 by Roger Williams, a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He named the area in honor of "God's merciful Providence" which he believed was responsible for revealing such a haven for him and his followers to settle. The official name of the state includes the name of the city, "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations". After being one of the first cities in the country to industrialize, Providence became noted for its jewelry and silverware industry. Today, the City of Providence is home to eight hospitals and seven institutions of higher learning, which has shifted the city's economy into service industries, although it still retains significant manufacturing activity.

From colonial times to the mid-19th century, the Rhode Island General Assembly rotated meetings between the state's five county court houses. After 1853 the state legislature stopped meeting at the Kent, Washington and Bristol county courthouses, but continued to alternate its sessions between Providence State House and the Newport State House in Newport. Early in the 20th century, Providence became the only capital of the state.

On September 21, 1938, a severe Category 3 hurricane struck Providence and nearby areas. Providence was flooded with storm surge. Another hurricane hit the region in September 1944 near the Connecticut-Rhode Island border. Ten years later, Hurricane Carol struck the area as a Category 2 hurricane, bringing severe storm surge and wind to the Providence area. The storm killed 17 in Rhode Island.

I-95 runs from north to south through Providence. I-195 connects the city to eastern Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts, including New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Cape Cod. I-295 encircles Providence while RI 146 provides a direct connection with Worcester, Massachusetts. The city's Iway project is moving I-195 to free up land and to reunify the Jewelry District with Downcity Providence. I-195 currently separates these two neighborhoods. The project is estimated to cost $446 million and be completed in 2012.

 The flagship campuses of five of Rhode Island's colleges and universities are in Providence (city proper):


Columbia, South Carolina

Columbia is the state capital and the second most populous city in the U.S. state of South Carolina. As of the 2020 Census, it has a population of 137,300 as compared to Charleston, South Carolina, with 151,612.

It is the county seat of Richland County, but a small portion of the city is in Lexington County. It is home to the University of South Carolina.

Just east of the city is Fort Jackson, the U.S. Army's largest and most active initial entry training installation,

Columbia is on the fall line from the Appalachian Mountains. The fall line is the spot where boats cannot travel any farther upstream and is also the spot farthest downstream where falling water can usefully power a mill.

The state capital before 1790 was Charleston on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. In 1786, the legislature decided to move the money to the state's center. The site of Columbia was chosen for its location on the river just 13 miles (21  km) northwest of South Carolina's geographic center. The State Legislature first met there in 1790. After remaining under the direct government of the legislature for the first two decades of its existence, Columbia was incorporated as a village in 1805 and then as a city in 1854. Columbia received a significant stimulus to development when it was connected in a direct water route to Charleston by the Santee Canal. This canal connected the Santee and Cooper Rivers in a 22-mile (35  km) section. It was first chartered in 1786 and completed in 1800, making it one of the earliest canals in the United States. With increased railroad traffic, it ceased operation around 1850.

Columbia was one of the first planned cities in the United States. It is known for its wide streets.

After Sherman's March to the Sea the Union Army attacked and occupied Columbia, an important military center. On February 17, 1865, a fire destroyed much of the city and killed many people.

The 20th century saw Columbia emerge as a regional textile manufacturing center. In the 1920s, Columbia business people constructed a large dam on the Saluda River to make hydroelectric power. The dam, using the native red clay soil and bedrock, was the largest earthen dam in the world when it was completed in 1930. Lake Murray, formed by the dam, is 41 mil, es (66  km) long and 14 miles (23  km) wide at its widest point. When the lake was finished, it was the world's largest artificial reservoir. The company built the dam grew to become SCANA Corporation, one of Columbia's largest employers.
The city of Columbia has recently accomplished several redevelopment projects and has several more planned. The historic Congaree Vista, a district running from the central business district toward the Congaree river, features several historic buildings that have been rehabilitated.

The Central Midlands Regional Transit Authority (CMRTA), operates mass transit in the greater Columbia area including Cayce, West Columbia, Forest Acres, Arcadia Lakes, Springdale, and the St. Andrews area. CMRTA operates express shuttles and bus services serving Columbia and its immediate suburbs. The authority was established in October 2002 after SCANA released ownership of public transportation back to the City of Columbia. Since 2003, CMRTA has provided transportation for more than 2 million passengers, expanded route services, and introduced 43 new ADA-accessible buses offering safer, more comfortable transportation. CMRTA has also added ten natural gas-powered buses to the fleet.

The Central Midlands Council of Governments is investigating the potential for rail transit in the region. Routes into downtown Columbia originating from Camden, Newberry, and Batesburg-Leesville are in consideration, as is a potential line between Columbia and Charlotte connecting the two main lines of the future Southeastern High-Speed Rail Corridor.

Columbia's central location between the population centers of South Carolina has made it a transportation focal point with three interstate highways and one interstate spur.

The city and its surroundings are served by Columbia Metropolitan Airport (IATA:CAE; ICAO:KCAE). The city is served daily by Amtrak and Greyhound Lines buses.
Columbia has the main campus of the University of South Carolina, chartered in 1801 as South Carolina College and in 1906 as the University of South Carolina. The university has 350-degree programs and enrolls more than 27,500 students throughout 15 degree-granting colleges and schools. It is an urban university in downtown Columbia, just south of the Capitol.

Other colleges are Allen University, Benedict College, Columbia College, Columbia International University, Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary, and Midlands Technical College.




Pierre, South Dakota

Pierre (pronounced "peer") is the capital city of South Dakota, a state of the United States of America. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 14,091. Pierre is the county seat of Hughes County. Started in 1880 on the Missouri River across from Fort Pierre, Pierre has been the state capital since 1889.

Pierre lies on rough river bluffs overlooking the Missouri River. It is a few miles away from Lake Oahe, one of the largest man-made lakes in the world, and a very popular fishing destination.

Two airlines serving Pierre Regional Airport provide non-stop flights to Denver and Minneapolis-St. Paul.

The nearest interstate highway is Interstate 90, about 34 miles south of Pierre via U.S. Highway 83. Pierre is one of only four state capitals not served by an interstate highway.


Charleston, West Virginia

Charleston is the capital city of West Virginia, a state of the United States of America. It is where the Elk and Kanawha Rivers join in Kanawha County. As of the 2020 census, Charleston has 48,864 people living in it, which makes it the largest city in the state. It is the county seat of Kanawha County.


Madison, Wisconsin

Madison is the capital city of Wisconsin, a state in the United States of America. As of the 2000 census, it had 221,735 people living in it, making it the second largest city in Wisconsin. It is the county seat of Dane County. Madison is also home to the University of Wisconsin.


Cheyenne, Wyoming

Cheyenne is the capital and largest city of Wyoming, a state of the United States of America. At the time of the 2020 census, there were 65,132 living in Cheyenne. It is the county seat of Laramie County. Cheyenne was founded in 1867. The current mayor of Cheyenne is Patrick Collins.


Cheyenne

Cheyenne might mean:


Jeannie Longo

Jeannie Longo (born October 31, 1958 at St. Gervais-les-Bains in Haute-Savoie, France) is a female French cyclist.

One of the greats of cycling, Jeannie's list of achievements follows:










Buckminster Fuller

Richard Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller (July 12, 1895 – July 1, 1983) was an American architect, engineer, author, designer, inventor and .

Fuller published more than 30 books, inventing and popularizing terms such as "Spaceship Earth", and "Synergetics".

He also used inventions, mainly architectural designs. The best known of which is the geodesic dome, the pinnacle of which would be a 5 kilometer diameter dome over Manhattan, as well as cloud nine. Carbon molecules known as fullerenes were later named by scientists for their resemblance to geodesic spheres.


Please check UNITED STATES NAVAL HISTORY for Bucky Buckminster Fuller's service to the United States of America Navy.


Bill Harry

Bill Harry is an English author, from Liverpool. He went to college with John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe, who were members of The Beatles. They promised to make Liverpool famous with Lennon's music, Sutcliffe's paintings and Harry's writing. They did not get far together, but each member later became well-known.

Harry founded "Mersey Beat", a newspaper about the local music scene in Liverpool, in 1961. He was the first person to write news articles about the Beatles.

Over the years, Harry has been on over four hundred television and radio shows in Britain, America, Europe and Asia. Shows he has been on include "Good Morning", "Good Morning America", BBC News, Sky News, CNN, ITV and many television documentaries and movies about the Beatles. The British Council had him represent them for their Beatles exhibitions in Hong Kong. Harry has also been a guest at Beatles conventions in Britain, Europe and America.

Harry moved to London in 1966, when he was a music journalist for "Weekend Magazine", and columnist for the Fleetway magazines "Marilyn" and "Valentine".

He was given an award by the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors for everything he has done for the music business in his lifetime.

In London, Harry worked with many entertainers. His job as their publicist was to deal with the media.



Paul Bremer

Lewis Paul Bremer III is an American writer and politician. He was born on September 30, 1941. He was named "Director of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance" on May 6 for Iraq in 2003, after the war..

Bremer was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He grew up in New Canaan, Connecticut. He went to school at Phillips Academy and graduated in 1959. Then he went to Yale University. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1963. In 1996, he received a master's degree from Harvard University. His degree was in business. He also received a degree in Paris.

In 1967, he joined the United States foreign service. At first he worked in Kabul, Afghanistan. He also worked in Blantyre, Malawi from 1968 to 1971. He worked for the United States State Department for 23 years. During that time, he worked for six different Secretaries of State, including Alexander Haig. A Secretary of State is the top government official in the U.S. State Department. A secretary of state is appointed by the United States President. He also worked as a deputy chief at an American embassy in the country of Norway. A deputy chief is a person in charge at the embassy.

In 1983, President Ronald Reagan appointed Bremer to the position of Ambassador to the Netherlands. He also became "Ambassador at Large for Counter Terrorism."

Bremer retired in 1989. Then he spent the next 15 years working in private (non-government) companies. One of the companies he worked for was Kissinger Associates (a company that was run by someone who used to be a Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger). He also served as a board member for several corporations. A board member is someone who makes big or strategic decisions on how a company should operate. Mr. Bremer has served on the board for corporations such as Air Products and Chemicals Incorporated, Akzo Nobel NV (a Dutch company), and Marsh Crisis Consulting Company.

Bremer speaks many languages besides English. He speaks Arabic, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Persian, German, and Spanish.

Bremer is married to named Frances Winfield. They were married in 1966. They have two adult children and two grandchildren.

After he worked in Iraq, Bremer wrote a book. The title of the book is "My Year in Iraq: The Struggle to Build a Future of Hope". The book was published in January 2006.

1530s

The 1530s was a decade that began on 1 January 1530 and ended on 31 December 1539.


William P. Frye

William Pierce Frye (September 2, 1830–August 8, 1911) was a United States politician from Maine. He served in both the United States Senate and House of Representatives.

Headache

A headache is when your head hurts. It is not when you hit your head with something and made it hurt that way, but when your head hurts from inside. Headache is the symptom of pain in the face, head, or neck.

A headache can be caused by one of several things, which are listed here:


The second edition of the International Headache Classification (ICHD-2) defines more than 220 different types of headaches in three categories:


Many headaches can be relieved with analgesics like aspirin.

Cephalalgia


In many cases headaches can be relieved naturally. Many methods such as massaging the temples near the eye, exercising your eyes (blinking, palming) and walking can all help relieve the tension of headaches. Maintaining a healthy diet, with rich proteins and iron, can keep your brain awake and healthy. One of the main factors is drinking plenty of water. These natural techniques tend to give you long-term relief whilst medication can often give you short term relief.

There are many medicines which can treat mild headaches, such as Paracetamol, Co-codamol, and Ibuprofen; but you should always consult your doctor or pharmacist before taking any.

Fever

A fever is when a person's body temperature is hotter than 37.5 degrees Celsius (99.5 Fahrenheit). Normal body temperature for humans varies based on a variety of factors, including age and level of physical activity. It is typically cited as 37 degrees Celsius (98.6 F), but naturally varies from person to person by at least .5 degrees Celsius. The actual measurement of body temperature will vary based on the location of the measurement. For a temperature taken from under the tongue, the measurement may be lower. Rectal temperatures will read about 0.3 C (0.55 F) higher, and armpit temperatures will read about the same amount lower.

When people are ill, their body's immune system fights the disease, and so the body temperature rises. Fever is a defensive measure of the body against the germs: the life cycles of the germs are disrupted when the body temperature rises.

About 38 °C (100.4 F) degrees is called a low-grade fever, and above 39.5 °C (103 F) degrees is a high-grade fever.

Children usually have a higher fever than adults; their immune system is less mature. Infants have the highest normal temperature, which decreases as people age. Some animals, especially small ones like rabbits and cats, also have a higher normal temperature than humans.

Sometimes, high-grade fever can be a medical emergency. At or above 42 °C (107.6 F) organs start taking damage that may not be repairable. While most fevers are caused by Infection, whether bacterial or viral, some fevers can be caused by cancers, including leukemia, lymphoma, and renal cell carcinoma.


Peoria, Illinois

Peoria is a city on the Illinois River in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, Peoria had more than 110,000 people living in it. It is the home of the Peoria Rivermen ice hockey team. One of Peoria's largest businesses is Caterpillar, a company that makes bulldozers, mining trucks, and other kinds of machinery.
Many people drive in and out of Peoria on Interstate 74. People also drive around Peoria on Interstate 474. Peoria is 157 miles (257 kilometers) southwest of Chicago, Illinois.
Peoria has become famous as a representation of the average American city because of its demographics and its perceived mainstream Midwestern culture. On the Vaudeville circuit, it was said that if an act would succeed in Peoria, it would work anywhere. The question "Will it play in Peoria?" has now become a metaphor for whether something appeals to the American mainstream public.

Sedative

A sedative is a depressant that lowers excitement and irritability. Doctors use sedatives to prevent nervous patients from accidentally hurting themselves or the doctor. They are also used in tranquilizer guns.

There are different kinds of sedatives:

Most sedatives act very slowly, usually in 10-15 minutes. Doctors must know a patient's weight and medical history in order give them the sedatives which are best for them.

People who have been given sedatives may seem dull, and sleepy. Since sedatives act on their ability to react, those who have been given such drugs should not do the following:
The drugs are given in clinical settings to facilitate medical procedures that would require physical restraint in a conscious patient or otherwise be unfeasible. They are also used to tranquilize dangerous animals. If the animal is in a position where it can't hurt anyone, a slow-acting sedative will be used. If the animal is out-of-control, a fast-acting sedative will be used. Fast-acting sedatives usually take between 3-5 minutes to take effect. Tranquilizer darts are rarely used on humans because there is no way to know which sedative to use and how much to use without performing a pre-anesthetic exam on the patient beforehand. There are only two known cases of a person being intentionally tranquilized, and in both cases the person doing the tranquilizing knew their target's weight and medical history.

Sedatives usually should not be taken for a longer period of time, as there are problems:

Epilepsy

Epilepsy is a chronic condition of the brain. It is characterized by seizures that do not seem to have an obvious cause. To the outside viewer, these seizures show as episodes of heavy shaking. Depending on the seizure, the shaking may be short and difficult to detect or it may be longer.

People with epilepsy are sometimes called "epileptic", but it is the fit or seizure that is "epileptic".

Many people have died from seizures.

There are many different forms of seizures, and there are also many different forms of epilepsy. Most forms of epilepsy cannot be cured. In most cases, drugs can make life easier for those suffering from it. In very few cases, (which are difficult to treat), surgery may help. In some cases, only eating special things (called a diet) may help. A special diet has been developed; it is called Ketogenic diet. When it was developed, it was mainly used to treat certain children with epilepsy, before good drugs became available. Today, it is used to treat certain cases where drugs do not seem to help.

Certain forms of the disease disappear after a time, they do for example only occur in childhood. Epilepsy is not "one" condition. Rather, it stands for a number of health problems that all show in the same ways.

The condition is very common; about one percent of people worldwide (65 million) have epilepsy. Nearly eighty percent of all cases occur in developing countries. Epilepsy becomes more common as people age. In the developed world, onset of new cases occurs most frequently in infants and the elderly. In the developing world this is in older children and young adults. Between five and ten percent of all people will have an unprovoked seizure by the age of eighty. The chance of having a second seizure is between forty and fifty percent.

The condition has many forms, but generally the following is true:
The condition is very common, and has been studied a lot. Doctors only say someone has epilepsy, if that person has had at least two seizures, for which the immediate cause cannot be seen. There are also seizures which are not caused by epilepsy. There are drugs for many forms of epilepsy that make life better for those affected. In about two thirds of the cases, taking one drug alone can make the seizures go away. The remaining third is more difficult to treat, but in many cases, a combination of drugs can at least reduce the number of seizures.

In most cases, epilepsy is caused by scars in the brain. Some forms of the condition are caused by genetic disorders, which may be passed on from the parents to the children. Very often, the actual cause for an epileptic seizure is lack of sleep, too much alcohol, or other things that cause stress.

Many countries in the world say there are special rules for people who have epilepsy. They need to be without a seizure for some time before they may drive a car. They also need to take drugs to treat their illness. In many countries, such people may not drive buses, taxis or trucks.

People having an epileptic seizure face a number of problems. The most common ones are:

In many cases, risky behaviour can provoke seizures. Such risk factors include
In many cases,a person who is able to cope with stress, who sleeps enough, and who does not drink too much can reduce the risk of having a seizure.

Trout

A trout is a kind of teleost fish that belongs to the Salmoninae subfamily of the Salmonidae family. There are many different kinds of trout. They belong to the same family as the salmon. 

Most trout are freshwater fish. They live in clear streams, rivers and lakes in America, Europe, and Asia. 

It is possible to work out the difference between a trout and any other fish, by looking for a second dorsal fin (or adipose fin). Also, you can find for spots in mature trout and parr marks in the young.

Tijuana

Tijuana ( or ; ) is a city in Mexico. It is in the north of the country and across the border from California in the United States. It is the largest city in Baja California. Tijuana is well known destination for US Tourists.

Tampa, Florida

Tampa is a city in Florida, a state of the United States. It has a population of about 384,959 people as of 2020. Tampa is 3rd largest city in Florida, and the 52nd largest city in the USA.

Tampa is the home of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tampa Bay Lightning and Tampa Bay Storm.


Diana Krall

Diana Jean Krall (born November 16, 1964) is a Canadian jazz singer and pianist from Nanaimo, British Columbia.

Krall began to play the piano when she was four years old. She began to play in restaurants when she was 15. When she was 17, she won a Vancouver Jazz Festival scholarship (student money award) to study music at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. She later moved to Los Angeles to study with Jimmy Rowles. In 1990, she moved to New York City.

Krall's 1996 album "All For You," was a tribute (way to honour someone) to the Nat King Cole trio. It was on the "Billboard" jazz charts for 70 weeks. The album was considered for a Grammy Award. She won a Grammy in 1999 for "Best Jazz Musician of the Year". Her 2001 album "The Look of Love" was #1 in Canada. It also won the Juno Award as Canadian album of the year. Her 2002 album "Live in Paris" won the Grammy for Best Vocal Jazz Record. Also in 2002, Krall won the Juno for Canadian artist of the year. Her version of the Tom Waits song "Temptation" made #1 on the World Jazz Charts in 2004.

Krall married British musician Elvis Costello in December 2003.




Juno Award

The Juno Awards are awards given to Canadian musical artists and bands, similar to the United States' Grammy Awards. The Juno awards were first presented in 1970. 

The categories for the Juno Awards are:



Half-Life 2

Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter video game created by the company Valve Corporation and released in 2004. This game is the sequel to the original Half-Life video game which came out in 1998. It is sold through the Steam platform also developed by Valve. It is also available in The Orange Box, along with and (sequels to Half-Life 2), Portal, and Team Fortress 2. Half-Life 3 is thought to be currently in development. Half-Life 2 is based on a game engine called Source. There have been many other Source-based games, such as Portal, Team Fortress 2, , and Garry's Mod (which is a mod of Half-Life 2 that later became its own game).

Half-Life was a very popular video game, and Half-Life 2 was also very popular. Many reviewers believe Half-Life 2 is better than Half-Life and one of the best games ever made. It took six years to create Half-Life 2 (from 1998 to 2004). It was supposed to be released in 2003, but it was not ready. Many fans were very angry and said Valve lied to them. However, it did release the next year (2004). It had much better graphics than Half-Life. It also had more complicated non-player characters and more of a story.

In Half-Life 2, the player is Gordon Freeman (the same character as in Half-Life). It begins about 20 years after the first Half-Life. The Combine, a group of evil aliens, took over Earth and made humans their slaves. They are spoken for by Doctor Breen, and an evil human who used to run Black Mesa. Gordon Freeman is woken up by the mysterious G-Man and placed on a train in a place named City 17, which seems to be in Eastern Europe. He finds the resistance, some humans who fight the Combine. He meets the main members of the resistance in a secret bunker. One of them Eli Vance, who worked at Black Mesa with Gordon Freeman before the Combine came. Alyx Vance is Eli's daughter. Doctor Mossman also worked at Black Mesa. She works with the resistance. Barney Calhoun was a guard at Black Mesa. Now he leads the resistance. Issac Kleiner is another scientist from Black Mesa. He owns Lamarr, one of the hostile “headcrab” aliens seen many times in the series, who has been made harmless by having her beak taken out. It is also shown that the Vortigaunts, an alien species that were enemies in the first game, have joined the resistance.

After the meeting, Gordon is accidentally teleported outside the lab and must run away from Combine soldiers. He later finds more resistance members and an airboat he uses to escape. After fighting a combine helicopter that serves as the first boss, he meets up with the main resistance leaders again. He is given a special device called a gravity gun that can pick up and throw heavy objects. He also meets Alyx’s friend, a huge robot named Dog. The Combine suddenly attacks and Gordon must flee to Ravenholm, a town that has been taken over by zombies. An eccentric monk named Father Grigori helps him kill the zombies and escape through the town’s old mines. Gordon then finds out Eli has been kidnapped by the Combine and drives a dune buggy up a long highway to find the prison he’s being held at, fighting lots of Combine soldiers and hostile aliens on the way. He then breaks into the prison and rescues Eli with the help of Alyx. In the process they find out that Mossman is a is also a traitor who helps Doctor Breen. They are teleported to safety, but arrive a week late and are told by Kleiner that a full-scale revolution has begun. Gordon leads a squad of resistance troops through the city to fight the Combine.

After fighting through the city, Gordon sneaks into the Citadel, a giant tower that Dr. Breen rules from. This leads to the final boss fight, where he stops Breen from escaping to another world through a portal. The Citadel then starts to explode, but the G-Man suddenly appears and stops time in a cryptic ending scene.


The Texas Chainsaw Massacre

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a 1974 American horror movie. It was based loosely on real events, the crimes of Ed Gein, although much of its plot is fictional. It was directed by Tobe Hooper and stars Marilyn Burns. It is the first movie of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" franchise.

It was followed by several sequels and a 2003 remake from New Line Cinema.


Encryption

Encryption allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge (such as a password). This is done with a secret code or cypher. The hidden information is said to be encrypted.

Decryption is a way to change encrypted information back into plaintext. This is the decrypted form. The study of encryption is called cryptography. Cryptanalysis can be done by hand if the cypher is simple. Complex cyphers need a computer to search for possible keys. Decryption is a field of computer science and mathematics that looks at how difficult it is to break a cypher.

A simple kind of encryption for words is ROT13. In ROT13, letters of the alphabet are changed with each other using a simple pattern. For example, "A" changes to "N", "B" changes to "O", "C" changes to "P", and so on. Each letter is "rotated" by 13 spaces. Using the ROT13 cipher, the words "Simple English Wikipedia" becomes "Fvzcyr Ratyvfu Jvxvcrqvn". The ROT13 cipher is very easy to decrypt. Because there are 26 letters in the English alphabet, if a letter is rotated two times by 13 letters each time, the original letter will be obtained. So applying the ROT13 cipher a second time brings back the original text. When he communicated with his army, Julius Caesar sometimes used what is known as Caesar cipher today. This cipher works by shifting the position of letters: each letter is rotated by 3 positions.

Most kinds of encryption are made more complex so cryptanalysis will be difficult. Some are made only for text. Others are made for binary computer data like pictures and music. Today, many people use the asymmetric encryption system called RSA. Any computer file can be encrypted with RSA. AES is a common symmetric algorithm.

Most types of encryption can theoretically be cracked: an enemy might be able to decrypt a message without knowing the password, if he has clever mathematicians, powerful computers and lots of time. The one-time pad is special because, if it is used correctly, it is impossible to crack. There are three rules that must be followed:
If these three rules are obeyed, then it is impossible to read the secret message without knowing the secret key. For this reason, during the Cold War, embassies and large military units often used one-time pads to communicate secretly with their governments. They had little books ("pads") filled with random letters or random numbers. Each page from the pad could only be used once: this is why it is called a "one-time pad".

Encryption is often used on the Internet, as many web sites use it to protect private information. On the Internet, several encryption protocols are used, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), IPsec, and SSH. They use the RSA encryption system and others. The protocol for protected web browsing is called HTTPS.
URL encryption mostly uses the MD5 Algorithm. Various algorithms are used in the internet market depending upon the need.


Gelsenkirchen

Gelsenkirchen ( , , ]; ) is a city in Germany in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is about north of Cologne in the so-called Ruhr Area.

About 269,000 people live there. In the past it was dominated by coal mining and steel industry. The city is famous for its football (soccer) club FC Schalke 04.


Pseudoscience

Pseudoscience is anything that pretends to be science but is not. Together, "pseudo-" and "science" mean "fake science". Pseudoscience may fail one or more parts of being scientific. 

Pseudoscience is "not" just an idea that is not accepted by the mainstream scientific community. It is an idea not open to testing, no matter what evidence against it is available. Despite the fact that the word pseudoscience means "false science", it is the "openness to testing" which is fundamental to science. This is more fundamental than whether a theory is accepted. After all, ideas have been proved wrong, though once they were believed to be true. Obviously, science is not always right but always "open to correction", which makes a clear difference between science and pseudoscience.

There is a difference, however, between pseudoscience and religion. Astrology is a pseudoscience, because it pretends to be based on facts, but is not. Religions make statements which are certainly not scientific, and are not meant to be. Insofar as a religion makes no factual claims, it is not open to refutation. When it does make factual claims it is vulnerable. A good example is the decision of the Catholic Church to defend the ancient ideas of the heavens (Ptolemy) against the (then) new ideas of Galileo and Copernicus.

Ideas (more properly "hypotheses") about how nature works may be considered pseudoscientific for many reasons. Sometimes, the hypothesis is just simply wrong, and can be demonstrated to be wrong. An example of this is the belief that the Earth is flat, or the belief that human female skeletons have one more rib than men do. Ideas such as these are considered unscientific because they have been proved wrong.

Sometimes, an idea "might" be true, but could never be demonstrated to be true, even in principle. For example, suppose some people believe that the Earth and the universe came into existence last Thursday. They claim that when the universe came into existence last Thursday, it was created with the "appearance" of being many millions of years old. According to these believers, even our memories of two weeks ago are actually just the false memories that came along with the creation of the universe, which took place last Thursday. Such a belief is considered pseudoscientific because it is not falsifiable—no experiment could shed light on whether this belief is true or false.

Other types of pseudoscience are considered pseudoscientific because they are based on deception, even though the idea being used is not impossible. Examples are people who claim to have made time travel devices, antigravity devices, or teleporters. Scientists simply do not have the technology to build such things at present, even though they may be able to someday.

Some ideas are "arguably" pseudoscientific. This means that some mainstream scientists consider the idea pseudoscientific and some do not. Certain ideas about how the stock market behaves fall into this category.

Pseudoscience is not exactly the same thing as biased research, where the scientist has some bad motive (such as personal gain, fame, or financial profit) for promoting their findings. It is also not the same as an untested hypothesis, which is an idea that scientists cannot test yet because they do not have the money or technology to do so. The theories of quantum gravity are untested hypotheses: scientists can easily imagine experiments to test them, but they just do not quite have the technology to do so at this time.

Examples of ideas which are not accepted by scientists, but which still have some credibility today: Dowsing (rhabdomancy, searching for water under the ground by "reading" a wooden stick) ; parapsychology or psychical research (communication in ways which is not accepted by science), psychoanalysis (wholesale acceptance of Freud's ideas).

Pseudoscholarship is anything that pretends to be scholarly and academic but is not. There are many kinds, including pseudoscience:




West Coast

West Coast could mean several places:

It can also mean:

Nuclear missile

Nuclear missiles are missiles (rockets or cruise missiles that hit something in order to destroy it) with atomic bombs. 

In the time of the Cold War the USA and the Soviet Union were enemies and thought the other side was going to attack them. To dissuade the other side from attacking, both sides built many nuclear missiles to ensure Mutual assured destruction. This meant a country that attacked would be destroyed. Treaties were made to reduce the numbers of missiles to make everyone safer.

Pituitary gland

The pituitary gland (or "hypophysis") is an important part of the endocrine system. It is at the base of the brain between the eyes. The pituitary is attached to the hypothalamus, which is also a gland. The pituitary controls a whole range of vital functions by secreting hormones.

The pituitary gland consists of two parts: the anterior pituitary and the posterior pituitary. It is functionally linked to the hypothalamus by the pituitary stalk (also called the "infundibulum").

The hypothalamus releases factors down the pituitary stalk to the pituitary gland where they cause the release of pituitary hormones. Although the pituitary gland is known as the 'master' endocrine gland, both of the lobes are under the control of the hypothalamus.
Endocrine cells of the anterior pituitary are controlled by regulatory hormones released by neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus.

The gland releases several kinds of hormones.

The endocrine cells of the anterior pituitary are controlled by neurosecretion from the hypothalamus. The anterior pituitary cells synthesizes and secretes these important endocrine hormones:


The two gonadotropins;

Here one hormone is produced:

The posterior pituitary is actually an extension of the hypothalamus. Neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus have axons that go right down into the posterior pituitary. The posterior pituitary stores and secretes the hormones produced by these neurosecretory cells:

Oxytocin is one of the few hormones to create a positive feedback loop. For example, uterine contractions stimulate the release of oxytocin from the posterior pituitary, which, in turn, increases uterine contractions. This positive feedback loop continues throughout birth labour.

Miskolc

Miskolc is the third largest city of Hungary and the capital of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county. Its population is 178.950.

Miskolc is in the north-eastern part of the country, east from the Bükk mountains, in the valley of the river Sajó and the streams Hejő and Szinva. Its area is 236.68 km².

The first known people who lived in this area are the Celts. The Hungarians came here in the end of the 9th century. The area was named after the Miskóc family who were its owners, and it was first mentioned in 1210. The family lost a war against King Charles I and the king took away their properties.

A castle was built in Diósgyőr (a town near Miskolc; it is now a part of the city) in the 13rd century. It was the favourite castle of King Louis I who lived in the 14th century. 

When Hungary was in a war with the Ottoman Empire, the Ottomans burned down Miskolc in 1544. The Austrians also burned the city down in 1707 because Prince Francis Rákóczi, who started a freedom fight against the Austrians, lived in Miskolc for a while. 
In 1724 Miskolc became the capital of the county. The city developed. In the 18th and 19th centuries the people built many important buildings: schools, churches and a theatre. In the 1786 census (when they count the people) 14.719 people lived in Miskolc and there were 2414 houses.

After the first World War Miskolc became more important, because Hungary had to give Kassa, the other important city of the area, to Slovakia. Miskolc became a centre of iron industry. In 1945 Miskolc and Diósgyőr became one city. In 1949 a university was founded in Miskolc. Lots of people moved to Miskolc because they could find new jobs in the city. In the 1980s more than 200.000 people lived here. It was the second largest city in Hungary (the first was the capital Budapest). Now Miskolc is the third largest, the second is Debrecen.

Since the 1990s the iron industry is less successful and lots of people lost their jobs. 

Miskolc is now an important cultural city and tourists like it too. The theatre holds an opera festival every year. The most beautiful parts of the city are Tapolca (with a famous warm water bath in a cave), Lillafüred (with a hotel which looks like a palace and is called Palace Hotel) and the castle of Diósgyőr.

The Avas is a hill (234 m / 780 ft high). There is a TV tower, an old church (the oldest building in Miskolc) and a large housing estate (high houses with lots of flats) on Avas.

The Downtown is the centre of Miskolc. The most important street is the Széchenyi street which is often called Main street. There are lots of nice old buildigs and lots of shops here.

Diósgyőr has a castle, some factories and housing estates. 
The University of Miskolc is a new university because it was founded in 1949. Most universities in Hungary are older and have old buildings in the downtowns. The University of Miskolc has a whole city part for itself, the buildings of the university and the houses in which the students live are in a lare park.

Lillafüred is a small village outside Miskolc, but it belongs to the city. The Palace Hotel, some caves and a nice waterfall are here.

Tourists like Miskolc-Tapolca because of its famous Cave Bath where people can bathe in warm water inside of a large cave. The houses here are expensive.

Boeing

The Boeing Company ( ) (NYSE: BA ) is an American company which makes aircraft and defense items. The company was started in 1916 by William E. Boeing in Seattle, Washington. 

Boeing has grown to become very big. It bought its main rival, McDonnell Douglas, in 1997. Boeing moved its headquarters from Seattle to Chicago, Illinois in 2001. 

Boeing is made up of many smaller parts. These parts are called divisions. The divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group.

Boeing is one of the biggest aircraft manufacturers in the world. It is the second-biggest defense contractor in the world as of 2011.


Uterus

The uterus or womb is part of the reproductive system of the female body. The uterus is the place a baby grows for nine months during pregnancy. It is a pear-shaped organ inside a woman. It is behind the bladder and in front of the rectum. The uterus weighs 70 grams. The endometrium is the tissue that lines the uterus. A hormone called estrogen makes the endometrium thick with blood and fluid. This uterine lining gives the growing baby what it needs to grow. The endometrium leaves the uterus as the monthly flow of blood (menstruation). The endometrium will form again. This happens every 28 days. The number of days can be different for each woman. The fertilized egg will move through the fallopian tube and into the uterus. It will then attach to the endometrium.

The uterus is part the female reproductive system. Other structures and organs that are part of the reproduction system are the vagina, ovaries and fallopian tubes.

The uterus has four main parts. The fundus is the upper part of the uterus. It has a rounded shape. Another part of the uterus is the body. The uterotubal angles are the parts connected to the Fallopian tubes. The bottom part of the uterus is the cervix. The uterus has three layers. The outer layer is called the perimetrium. It is a thin layer that surrounds the outside of the uterus. The perimetrium is made of tissue made of epithelial cells. The middle layer is the myometrium. Most of the uterus is made up of the myometrium. The layer on the inside is the endometrium. The endometrium is made of secretory, ciliated, and basal cells. The uterus is not in the same place for all women. It is tilted forward in most women. Other women have a uterus that tilts up or backwards.

The uterus is supplied by blood vessels. Blood travels to the uterus through arteries. The big arteries are the internal iliac arteries. The big arteries branch off into smaller arteries called the ovarian artery and the uterine artery. The smaller arteries give blood to all the layers of the uterus. The blood returns to the heart and lungs through the veins.

The uterus is held in place by ligaments. These are the anterior, posterior, lateral, uterosacral, and round ligaments. The position of the uterus can vary depending on the contents of the bladder.

The uterus changes during the life of a woman. It is inactive during childhood and old age. During the time that a woman or girl can have a baby it is a very active organ. It does many things. It is where menstruation begins, it is the place where the fertilized ovum attaches, it is the place where the baby grows, it is the strong muscle that pushes the baby out during birth.

Cancer can form in the uterus. But this is not common. There are two types of uterine cancer. These are endometrial cancer and uterine sarcoma. Endometrial cancer can grow from cells lining the uterus. Uterine sarcoma is a rare cancer that grows from cells in the smooth muscle of the uterus. Other tumors can grow in the uterus that are not cancer. One of these is a Uterine fibroid.

A girl can be born with a uterus that is not normal. When a woman has uterus that is not normal she can also have other organs that are not normal. She may not know this until she wants to have babies. Having a baby can be hard. If a woman has a uterus that is not normal, she may not be able to have babies. Many times the uterus can be corrected by surgery.

The uterus changes during pregnancy. It grows with the baby. It also has fluid and the placenta inside. It starts small but it becomes very large. It can hold as much as five to twenty liters. The uterus is made of smooth muscle called the myometrium. The cells of the myometrium grow during pregnancy. Strong fibrous tissue grows on the outside of the uterus. The myometrium grows at first but becomes thinner at the end of the pregnancy. A doctor or nurse can feel the baby through the thinning uterus.

The uterus can move down and be seen through the vagina. This can happen after a woman has a baby. Older women have this problem more than younger women. Other things that make women have their uterus drop down:


The uterus is removed by surgery for many reasons. Removing the uterus is called a hysterectomy. Surgery to remove the uterus may need to be done after having a baby. This is because the woman may be bleeding heavily. The uterus may need to removed because there is cancer growing in it.

A uterus is present when an animal gives birth to live offspring. Therefore, all mammals have a uterus except monotremes. However, humans are almost alone in having a single uterus. The other mammal which has a single uterus is the chimpanzee, our nearest living relative. Other mammals have either wholly separated uteri or uteri which are fused along part of their length.

Animals which lay eggs have an oviduct, and there are quite a few reptiles which are viviparous or ovoviviparous.


Satanism

Satanism is a word that has several different meanings. It can describe different religions and philosophies. 

Sometimes the word "Satanism" is just used to say that the person using it does not like a group, but the group themselves do not think of themselves as Satanists. Used like this, it is just used to say the speaker disapproves of a group. A lot of groups, like Pagans, or even Protestants have in the past been called Satanists by some people.

The word is often used by people who do not know much about Satanists, who think that Satanism means the worship of an evil being called Satan, and that Satanists want him to win in a war against good represented by "God". This is not true for most Satanists. For them, Satan is only a symbol for the freedom to be themselves, and the word Satan is used as a symbol for man's inner desires and for knowledge. These people read the writings of Anton LaVey and are sometimes called LaVeyan Satanists. There are several modern Satanic groups of different types, with the most well known being the Church of Satan, created in 1966 by Anton LaVey, who also wrote The Satanic Bible. Even though these types of satanists are atheists, meaning they do not believe in a higher being, they do practice magic. They believe that there is no afterlife.

Other types of Satanists do worship Satan. They are called theistic or traditional Satanists, because they believe their religion is older. They believe their religion is similar to that of Witches.

Some ethnoreligious groups were (and still are) falsely accused of being Satanists, for example: it was believed that Wiccans were Satanists because the god worshipped by them has horns (a trait commonly associated with Baphomet, a Satanic idol, when in fact it means fertility for Wiccans) and due to the demonization of paganism by Christians as well, the Kurdish Yazidi were also accused by Muslims and Christians alike of being Satanists because Melek Taûs, the central deity in Yazidism is similar to Iblis (the Islamic equivalent of Satan), and the Afro-Brazilian religions Umbanda and Candomblé were thought to be "Satanic" by Portuguese colonizers and Jesuit missionaries in Brazil and its deities ("orishas") deemed to be "demons" purely based on prejudice and racism towards the African slaves and their culture.



Decatur, Illinois

Decatur is a city in the American state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, there were about 70,000 people living in it. Many people drive in and out of Decatur on Interstate 72. There is a shopping mall in nearby Forsyth, a suburb of Decatur.

Decatur is the county seat of Macon County. Macon County was the home of the young Abraham Lincoln, later U.S. president, for a short time. The place where the Lincoln family built a log cabin and spent the winter of 1829-1830 is now a state park, the "Lincoln Trail Homestead State Park."

Elba

Elba () is third largest island of Italy, after Sardinia and Sicily. The land area of the island is about . The coastline is about 147 km. The highest mountain is Monte Capanne at 1018 metres (3340 feet). Elba and the other islands (Gorgona, Capraia, Pianosa, Montecristo, Giglio and Giannutri) of the Tuscan Archipelago are protected in the National Park of the Tuscan Archipelago. The French island of Corsica lies about 50 km to the west. Recently, the island has become famous for its wine.

The island is divided into eight communes: Portoferraio, Campo nell'Elba, Capoliveri, Marciana, Marciana Marina, Porto Azzurro, Rio Marina and Rio nell'Elba. The island has a population of about 30 000 people.

The island was well known in to the last century for the iron resources. Mines were created by the Etruscans first and (after 480 BC) the Romans. After the end of the Roman Empire, the island knew barbarians and Saracens. In the early 11th century it became a part of the Republic of Pisa. In 1398, was sold to the Visconti family of Milan. After a few years, the island was acquired by the Appiani, Lords of Piombino, who kept it for two centuries. In 1546 part of the island was controlled by Cosimo I de' Medici. He fortified Portoferraio and renamed it "Cosmopoli". In 1577, the rest of the island was returned to the Appiani. In 1603 Philip II of Spain captured Porto Azzurro and built two fortresses there.

In 1802 the island became a part of France. Following the Treaty of Fontainebleau, French emperor Napoleon I was exiled to Elba after his forced abdication in 1814 and arrived at Portoferraio on May 3, 1814 to begin his exile there. He was allowed to keep a personal guard of six hundred men. Napoleon stayed on Elba for 300 days before he escaped and returned to France on February 26 for the Hundred Days. Thanks to Napoleon Elba is well known around the world. In the Congress of Vienna the island was given to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. In 1860 it became part of the new unified Kingdom of Italy.

French troops landed on Elba on June 17 1944, freeing the island from the Germans in World War II.

There is an airport on the island, the "Airport Marina di Campo", that can connect the island with the big cities of: Friedrichshafen, Munich and Zürich.


1799

The year 1799 (MDCCXCIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday Julian calendar. It was the 1799th year of the Common Era (CE) and the Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 799th year of the 2nd millennium, the 99th year of the 18th century, and the 10th and last year of the 1790s decade. As of the start of 1799, the Gregorian calendar was 11 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923. 


Saint Helena (disambiguation)

Saint Helena can mean:

See also: St Helens; St. Helena Parish, Louisiana

1704

1704 (MDCCIV) was a leap year starting on Tuesday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Saturday in the Julian calendar.




North Africa

North Africa is the Northern part of Africa. It is usually made up of these countries:

Most of north Africa is desert, which means it is very dry and does not rain very much. The predominant ethnic groups are Arabs, Berbers and Moors (mixed Africans and Arabs). The biggest religion is Islam, meaning that most of the people are Muslims.

Sanskrit

Sanskrit is an ancient Indo-European language that originated in the Swat and northern Punjab regions of Pakistan. It is considered sacred by Hindus. Many languages in Pakistan, India, Nepal and Bangladesh are derived from Sanskrit. Today, only about 14,000 people use it as their daily language. It is also one of the 22 officially recognised languages of India. 

Sanskrit is a standardized dialect of Old Indo-Aryan and has a linguistic ancestry that can be traced back to Proto-Indo-European. The Indo-European Aryan migration theory proposes that the Indo-Europeans migrated from the Central Asian steppes into South Asia during the early 2nd millennium BC and brought the Indo-European language Sanskrit with them. The main script used to write Sanskrit today is Devanāgarī. Historically, it was also written in the Brāhmī and Kharoshti scripts.

William Jones, working as a judge in India in the 18th century, studied Sanskrit and recognised its similarities to Latin, Greek and other European languages. That led to the Indo-European languages being recognised as a group of related languages stretching from Europe to India.

Sanskrit literature includes poetry and drama and has also scientific, technical, philosophical and religious texts. Sanskrit continues to be widely used as a ceremonial language in Hindu religious rituals and also some Buddhist and Jain practice in the form of hymns and chants.
Sanskrit has a very complex grammar, with eight grammatical cases, three grammatical genders, and three grammatical numbers. Words are also described based on their qualities. Sanskrit is considered highly scientific, words in a sentence can describe the subect's number, gender and action.

Dementia

Dementia (officially major neurocognitive disorder since 2013) is a group of diseases with symptoms, which affect the way people think and interact with each other. It can often be linked to a disease or damage done to the brain. Very often, short-time memory, mind, speech and motor skills are affected. Certain forms of dementia cause a change in the personality of the sufferer. A person suffering from dementia will lose certain skills and knowledge they already had. This is the main difference to other conditions affecting the mind. People who suffer from learning problems, or lower intelligence will never acquire certain skills, people suffering from dementia will lose skills they have acquired. Dementia is more common in older people, but younger people can be affected as well. Certain forms of dementia can be treated, to some extent. The most common form of dementia is Alzheimer's disease, which accounts for between 50 and 60 percent of all cases. Other types include vascular dementia and lewy body dementia.

Famous people who suffered from dementia include Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean leader, and also Rosa Parks, the civil rights activist.

People who see the following worsen may suffer from dementia:

Behavioral changes may include: 
Some types dementia are reversible. This means the damage can be undone. Other types are irreversible. This means that they cannot be undone. Irreversible dementia is usually caused by an incurable disease, such as Alzheimer's disease. 

Reversible causes of dementia also include diffuse axonal injury after injuries to the head or the brain, known medically as Traumatic brain injury.

Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease causes a dementia that gets worse quickly, over weeks or months, and is caused by prions. ,other forms like encephalopathy or delirium may develop relatively slowly, over a number of years.

The two leading causes of dementia are Alzheimer's disease and Multi-infarct disease. Glioma related tumors are another kmown cause. Alcohol dementia, is sometimes associated with Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome, and is caused by long-term or uncontrolled, heavy alcohol abuse.

Possible metabolic causes are such as liver failure or kidney failure; and chronic subdural hematoma. Possible other causes may include brain infection by illnesses like meningitis leading in cases to viral encephalitis drug toxicity (e.g. anticonvulsant drugs). A recent report by Science Daily says that researchers at the University of Bergen, in Norway have discovered a connection between Oral health and Alzheimers disease.


Elasticity (physics)

Something that is elastic can be stretched or deformed (changed) and returned to its original form, like a rubber band. It tries to come back to its first shape. The "stress" is the force applied; the "strain" is how much the shape is changed, and the elastic modulus is the ratio between those numbers.

This idea was first suggested by Robert Hooke in 1675.

The simplest model for elasticity is Hooke's law. It says that the force to stretch something (F) is proportional to the distance it is stretched (x). This is usually written as formula_1, where formula_2 is a constant called the spring constant. If it is easy to stretch a material, that material has a lower k value. 

Elastic materials are different than plastic materials. A plastic material can be stretched or deformed, but it will not return to its original form. 

Harmonica

A harmonica is small musical instrument that is played with the mouth by blowing into holes in its side. Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play. Harmonicas produce their musical sounds from the vibrations of reeds in the harmonica's metal case. Harmonicas are used in blues music, folk music, rock and roll music, and pop music. A special type of harmonica, the chromatic harmonica, is used in jazz and classical music. Harmonicas are made in several different keys: G, A♭, A, B♭, B, C, D♭, D, E♭, E, F, and F♯. Each key can play a different range of notes.

Harmonicas are played by blowing or sucking air into one side. On this side, there are many holes. Each hole has a different note. Different notes are played when you blow or suck air.


Another type of harmonica is the chromatic harmonica. More songs can be played on it than a regular harmonica, because chromatic harmonicas can play more different notes. Chromatic harmonicas have a button which moves a sliding bar. By pressing the button, the player can play a larger range of notes. 

The harmonica is called many different names, such as: mouth organ, mouth harp, Hobo Harp, French harp, Reckless Tram, harpoon, tin sandwich, blues harp, Mississippi saxophone, or simply harp.


Straits of Florida

The Straits of Florida (or Florida Straits) is a strait between the Florida Keys and Cuba.

Electron microscope

An electron microscope is a scientific instrument which uses a beam of electrons to examine objects on a very fine scale. In an optical microscope, the wavelength of light limits the maximum magnification that is possible. As electrons have a smaller wavelength, they can achieve a higher magnification, and can see very small objects - typically around 1,000 times smaller than those seen in an optical microscope. The outline of objects, as revealed by the flow of electrons, is changed into a picture using visible light for people to see. Electron microscopes were invented in Germany in the 1930s.

A beam of electrons is sent towards the specimen - some electrons are reflected, while some pass through. Those that pass through are detected and used to form an image of the specimen at a magnification of about 500,000 times. This microscope is more powerful than a light microscope.

Similar to a Transmission Electron Microscope, but the reflected electrons are detected. By measuring the reflected electrons, some information about the surface of the specimen can be gathered.

A narrow beam of electrons is moved across the specimen and a picture is built up piece by piece by detecting how the electrons are reflected or absorbed as it moves.

It combines the high magnification of TEM with the better surface detail of SEM. It can be used to perform complex analysis on the specimen, which cannot be done using TEM alone.


Insomnia

Insomnia is when people cannot sleep for long or short periods. A person with this problem is called an "insomniac". Insomnia can mean a problem with getting to sleep or a problem with staying asleep. Insomnia is a symptom and not a disease or illness.

There are at least three different types of insomnia:

There are many causes of insomnia. Some of them are:

There are drugs available that can help treat the different kinds of insomnia. In some cases, there are also certain herbs that can help. A third way that seems to help is a type of therapy that aims at changing the behaviour of those affected.

Airbus A320 family

The Airbus A320 family is a family of jet airliners. It only has two rows of seats, which means it is a narrow-body plane. The family is made by Airbus and it is made up of the A318, A319, A320 and A321, as well as the ACJ business jet. The A320 family is made in Toulouse, France, and Hamburg, Germany. Since 2009, an airplane plant in Tianjin in the People's Republic of China has also been making aircraft for Chinese airlines. In June 2012, Airbus said that it would start making some A319, A320, and A321 planes in Mobile, Alabama. The planes in the family can hold up to 220 passengers and they have a range of . The range depends on the model.

The first plane in the A320 family was the A320, which was launched in February 1981. It first flew on 22 February 1987 and the first A320 was delivered in 1988. The family got bigger over time, and there are now three other aircraft in the family: the A321 (first delivered 1986), the A319 (1996) and the A318 (2003). The A320 was the first airliner to have fly-by-wire flight control systems. It was also the first commercial airliner to have side-stick controls. (A side-stick is a small joystick which is used to fly the plane instead of a yoke.)

On 1 December 2010, Airbus announced a new version of the plane, called the A320neo. With the A320neo, new engines will be used (the CFM International LEAP-X and the Pratt & Whitney PW1900G) and some improvements have been made to the outside of the plane. Winglets have also been added, which Airbus calls "Sharklets". The A320neo will use 15% less fuel than the current A320. Virgin America is the A320neo's launch customer. As of 31 December 2011, 1,196 A320neo aircraft have been ordered by 21 airlines, which makes it the fastest-selling commercial aircraft in history.

As of June 2013, 5,635 Airbus A320 family aircraft have been delivered, and 5,443 of these are still being used. As well as this, 4,014 planes are on order. The A320 family's main rivals are the Boeing 737, 717, 757 and the McDonnell Douglas MD-80. Although the 717 is not used on most airlines, only Delta and Hawaiian Airlines still use it. See Boeing 717 for more information.

The A320 was the world's first commercial jet to use a small joystick, also called a "sidestick", to fly it instead of a normal yoke (a steering-wheel like device). This matched the new digital 'fly-by-wire' system, the first use of this in a civilian aircraft, which makes the A320 much easier and safer to fly.

The A320 also has a full "glass-cockpit", where most instruments in the cockpit (the front part of the plane where the pilot is) have been replaced by television screens. Most of the technology first used on the A320 has been used in other Airbus aircraft made afterwards. Other manufacturers, like Boeing, have also used much of the technology like a glass-cockpit and fly-by-wire in the Boeing 777.

The A319, A320 and A321 have engines made by two different companies; International Aero Engines (IAE) supply the V2500 and CFM International provide the CFM56. Over 54% of A320s in the air today have CFM engines.

The significantly smaller A318 has either Pratt and Whitney PW6000 engines or CFM56-5. The PW6000 was not as good as expected and this may have reduced the number of sales; several airlines cancelled their orders before the more efficient CFM engine arrived.

The A320 has been shortened to produce the A319 and stretched to produce the A321. Recently it was shortened even more to make the A318. However this version has not sold as well and the only large operator is Frontier Airlines.

These different versions are known as "A320 derivatives". When talking about all of them, they are known as the "A320 family" or "A32x".

Changes in size are done by removing or adding sections of fuselage (the part of the aircraft passengers sit in) and adjusting the power of the engines. Airbus try to keep the airplanes the same where possible, to reduce operating costs.

Pilots only need one licence (called a type rating) to fly all A320 derivatives.

The A320 has been very reliable in service. Many early problems were caused by pilots not being use to the new "glass cockpit" and "fly-by-wire", but these no longer happen. In recent years, the A320 has had a number of problems involving its front undercarriage. The following accidents are some of those which have occurred since 1988:

Seven incidents of nose gear malfunction, including JetBlue Airways Flight 292.

This information comes from: Airbus.



Priest

A priest or priestess is a person who is allowed to do religious rites. Their office or position is the priesthood, a word which can also be used for such persons collectively. In most religions and cultures in history there have been priests, although they have a lot of different names, and follow different rules. 

A priest is a member of a church that has been told to look after his (spiritual) community. He is the head of a parish.


To become a Catholic priest, you are required to study Theology. The Orthodox and Protestant Churches also have laymen as clergy.

Catholic priests are not allowed to marry meaning that they have to be celibate. Orthodox priests can be married, but they must not marry after they become a priest. Anglican priests can get married before or during the time they are a priest.

The Catholic Church does not allow women to become priests. However, some Anglican Churches allow women to be priests.

Higher priests are called Bishops and Archbishops in the Anglican Church. John Sentamua and Rowan Williams are the archbishops of York and Canterbury. In some denominations only men can become priests.

The Orthodox Church has a higher priest called a Patriarch. The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, like the Roman Catholic Church has a Pope, Pope Tawadras.

Many Protestant churches have ministers or pastors instead of priests.

In Japan there are Buddhist priests and nuns, Shinto priests and priestesses ("kannushi") as well as clergy in the Christian traditions.

Red Sea

The Red Sea is a sea between the Arabian Peninsula of Asia in the northeast and Africa in the southwest. It is a part of the Indian Ocean. The Red Sea is about 2200 km long and less than 330 km wide.

Many ships go through the Red Sea because the Suez Channel at the north end connects the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea. Bab-el-Mandeb in the south is a gate to the Indian Ocean. Ports include Suez, Port Sudan, Massawa, Yanbu al-Bahr, Jeddah, Aqaba and Eilat. 

The Red Sea has that name because it sometimes looks red from the red algae. The water has more salt and is clearer than water of most other seas because almost no rivers run into it.

The climate is dry and warm. Many people, including those from Europe, like to vacation there. Some of them are divers and want to see the beautiful coral reefs and fish. Seaside resorts include Sharm el-Sheikh, Eilat or Hurghada. 

The countries next to the Red Sea are Egypt, Sudan, Eritrea, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Israel.

According to the book of Exodus, God parted it for Moses and the Israelites so they could escape from the Egyptian Army.

List of country calling codes

The page is a list of country calling codes. These are area codes for telephone numbers.

Places in the NANPA (North American Numbering Plan Area) have been given area codes as if they were all areas inside one country.




Charles Lindbergh

Charles Augustus Lindbergh (February 4, 1902 – August 26, 1974), known as "Lucky Lindy" and "The Lone Eagle", was a pioneering United States airplane pilot. He became famous for making the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.

Lindbergh was born in Detroit, Michigan. His parents were Swedish immigrants. He grew up in Little Falls, Minnesota. His father, Charles August Lindbergh, was a lawyer and later a U.S. congressman, who was against the United States entering into World War I. His mother was a teacher. While he was young, he was interested in machines. In 1922 he joined a pilot training program with Nebraska Aircraft, bought his own airplane, and became a stunt pilot. In 1924, he started training as a pilot with the United States Army Air Corps.

After finishing first in his class, Lindbergh took his first job as pilot of an airmail route in St. Louis. He flew the mail in an airplane.

In April 1923, while visiting friends in Lake Village, Arkansas, Lindbergh made his first ever flight over Lake Village and Lake Chicot.

Lindbergh gained fame around the world as the first pilot to fly solo (alone) and non-stop across the Atlantic Ocean. He flew from Roosevelt Airfield (Nassau County, Long Island), New York, USA to Paris, France on May 20-21, 1927 in his single-engine airplane "The Spirit of St. Louis". He needed 33.5 hours for the trip. When he arrived back in the United States, many warships and aircraft escorted him to Washington, D.C. where President Calvin Coolidge gave him the Distinguished Flying Cross.

Lindbergh's act won him the "Orteig Prize", which was 25,000 US dollars. A parade was held for him on 5th Avenue in New York City on June 13, 1927. At the end of the year, he was named "Time"'s first Man of the Year.

He served on a variety of national and international boards and committees, including the central committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States.

Lindbergh's Medal of Honor recognized that he had done something unique. This is one of only two medals given for conduct during peacetime.

The words of Lindbergh's citation explain:.
For displaying heroic courage and skill as a navigator, at the risk of his life, by his nonstop flight in his airplane, the "Spirit of St. Louis," from New York City to Paris, France, 20-21 May 1927, by which Capt. Lindbergh not only achieved the greatest individual triumph of any American citizen but demonstrated that travel across the ocean by aircraft was possible.

Lindbergh married Anne Morrow in 1929. In 1932 he made headlines again, when his baby son, Charles Lindbergh III, was kidnapped and murdered. Bruno Hauptmann was convicted of the crime and later put to death in the electric chair. The Lindberghs later moved to Europe. He died of lymphoma on August 26, 1974, in Hawaii.

Lindbergh is honored in aviation for mapping out polar air-routes, flying at high altitudes, and decreasing fuel use.

Lindbergh's legacy is, in part, his unique solo flight which changed public opinion about the value and significance of aircraft and air travel. In greater part, his legacy developed from what he did with his status and fame. He used his celebrity to advance aviation across the world.

A developing Lindbergh legacy is in life sciences.

Pilot

A pilot is a person that drives a transport vehicle such as an airplane, spacecraft, or boat. All types of pilots must pass tests and obtain a license before they can operate the vehicle. 

An aircraft pilot is usually in charge of a flying machine for the whole trip. Some larger aircraft have both a pilot and a co-pilot so one can rest while the other works or both can work at busy times such as take-off and landing. Drone pilots usually stay on the ground and operate the machine by radio control. Sometimes one pilot handles several drones at the same time.

Maritime or ship pilots usually only guide the ship through an especially difficult place such as a harbor which they have carefully studied. They are usually aboard only during this passage. 

Charles August Lindbergh

Charles August Lindbergh, Sr. (January 20, 1859 – May 24, 1924), was a United States Congressman for 6th District of Minnesota from 1907 to 1917. He was the father of Charles Lindbergh.


Faroe Islands

The Faroe Islands or Føroyar (that meaning "Sheep Islands") are a group of eighteen islands in the north Atlantic Ocean between Scotland, Norway, and Iceland.

They are a part of the Kingdom of Denmark, but have had local (autocratic) rule since 1948, and people in the Faroe Islands have had the right to do business with people from all countries since 1856. Most government matters are controlled by the Faroese government, except for military defense.
The Faroes have similarities to Iceland, Shetland, the Orkney Islands, the Outer Hebrides and Greenland. The island group, or archipelago, left Norway in 1815. The Faroes have their own representatives in the Nordic Council.

The first recorded evidence of people living in the Faroe Islands was written in the 9th century. Irish monks had lived here.

Administratively, the islands are divided into 34 municipalities within which there are 120 or so cities and villages. Traditionally, there are also the six "sýslur" ("regions"; Norðoyar, Eysturoy, Streymoy, Vágar, Sandoy and Suðuroy).

The Faroe Islands are eighteen islands off the coast of Northern Europe, between the Norwegian Sea and the north Atlantic Ocean. Its area is 1,399 square kilometres (540 sq. mi), and has no major lakes or rivers. There are 1,117 kilometres (694 mi) of coastline, and no land boundaries with any other country. The only island that does not have anybody living on it is Lítla Dímun.


Fish, raising sheep, and tourism are important parts of the economy of the Faroe Islands. The economy was in trouble around 1990. Unemployment decreased in the later 1990s. It was down to about 6% at the end of 1998. By June 2008 unemployment had declined to 1.1%, before rising to 3.4% in early 2009. However, since fishing is so important to the economy, if there are problems with fishing, the economy could be in trouble Since 2000, new business projects have been created in the Faroe Islands to attract new investment. The introduction of Burger King in Tórshavn was widely publicized but no one knows how things will go for this company. Trades on the islands are easy by the bridges or the tunnels that connect 80% of the population in the islands.

The national holiday Ólavsøka, is on 29 July. It commemorates the death of Saint Olaf. The celebrations are held in Tórshavn. They start on the evening of the 28th, and go until 31 July.

The official part of the celebration starts on the 29th, with the opening of the Faroese Parliament. In the day there is a procession with many people from the churches in the islands.

The Nordic House in the Faroe Islands () is the most important cultural institution in the Faroes. It supports Nordic and Faroese culture, locally and in the Nordic region. The House is managed by a director changed every four years.

In the islands there are many artists and musicians, with the most famous listed below:

Musicians:

Bands:

In the Islands,there are music festivals,where international musicians participating, like

Traditional Faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables. A very important meat in the islands is lamb, the first ingredient of many dishes. Other typical dishes from the islands are fresh fish, blubber, whale, seabirds, and Faroese puffins and their eggs.

The climate is defined as subarctic oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfa), with cool summers, and with cold winters. Usually there is fog or a heavy wind that causes air traffic problems.

There are more sheep than people in the Faroe Islands. The islands have no native mammals, because the islands are far away from land. Many species of birds live sometimes in the islands, like eider, starling, wren, guillemot, and black guillemot. Only a few species of wild land seals live in the Faroe Islands today, the grey seals. Sometimes tourists can see whales in the waters near the islands.
Grey Seals are very common around the Faroese shores. The natural vegetation of the Faroe Islands is like in the Scottish islands or in Ireland. It is mostly wild flowers, grasses, moss and lichen.


Faroese language

Faroese is the Germanic language of the Faroe Islands spoken by about 70,000 people. The language came from Old Norse which was spoken in the Middle Ages. Faroese is the most similar to Icelandic. The alphabet has 29 letters that come from the Latin alphabet.

Laura Ingalls Wilder

Laura Ingalls Wilder (February 7, 1867 - February 10, 1957) was an American writer. She was born in Wisconsin and spent her childhood in Missouri and Kansas. She became a teacher in South Dakota at age 16.

Wilder is best known as the author of the "Little House on the Prairie" series of books. A TV series, "Little House On the Prairie", was inspired by the story of her life as told in her books. The series starred Melissa Gilbert as Laura and Michael Landon as Charles 'Pa' Ingalls.


Mestizo

Mestizo (meh-STEE-tzo) is a Spanish term for a person who is of mixed European (usually Spanish) and Amerindian ancestry.

Mestizos have existed since the time when Spain controlled much of what is now Latin America. A mestizo was usually the son of a Spanish father and a Native American mother. Mestizos form the largest part of the population in some Latin American nations, a large minority of mestizos makes up most of the population in Mexico, which is the Spanish-speaking nation with the largest population in the world.

During the colonial era, many Native Americans were converted to Roman Catholicism and began using the Spanish language instead of their traditional one. This was because of the concept that existed in the Spanish colonies which gave more "value" to European people over Native Americans and Africans. Because of this, many Native Americans gained better social status by calling themselves "mestizos" instead of "indios."

Indo-Mestizo (also known as Cholo) is a Spanish term for a person who is around 3/4 Native American and 1/4 Caucasian ancestry and an unfortunate derogatory term used by the European cast system for racial discrimination against Original Native people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casta

Indo-Mestizos term is a racial slur used mostly to discriminate against Original Native people in Eastern and Southern Mexico, much of Northern Central America,in South American West Pacific Side Ecuador, Peru, Chile Colombia and Bolivia

Indo-Mestizos usually have more Native American traits, but may have a light pigmentation with completely Native American features, or a dark pigmenation with some obvious Caucasian features.

Famous Indo-Mestizos include Maya Zapata, George Lopez, and Danny Trejo. They are so called because of their appearance, not because of known genetic background. 

Royal Air Force

The Royal Air Force (acronym: RAF) is the air force of the United Kingdom. The RAF began in 1918 when the Royal Flying Corps (pronounced "core") and the Royal Naval Air Service joined together. It is the oldest air force in the world. The first man to lead the RAF was Hugh Trenchard. The RAF has many bases across the world, including the United Kingdom, Falkland Islands, Cyprus and Gibraltar. Some examples of the British bases are RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, RAF Valley in Wales, RAF Aldergrove in Northern Ireland and RAF Linton-on Ouse in England. The RAF has new planes including the Eurofighter Typhoon, F35 Lightning II and the BAE Systems Hawk. The Hawk is used to train fast jet pilots. At the end of 2022 the UK had 30 F35 Lightning II.

The RAF were very busy during World War II. Many important planes were built for the RAF. The Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane helped defend Britain during the Battle of Britain. The Avro Lancaster bomber attacked Germany with strategic bombing. The RAF lost great numbers of pilots and aircraft, fighting around the world and especially against the "Luftwaffe", the German Air Force.


Tequila

Tequila is a Latin American drink from Mexico that contains alcohol. It is made from a plant called agave. It contains about 40 percent alcohol, and is often used in bars and nightclubs to make mixed drinks such as the "tequila sunrise" or the Margarita.

One Thousand and One Nights

One Thousand and One Nights is an old cycle (or group) of stories that mostly come from Arabia and Persia, and a few also from India, Central Asia and China. All these stories were later collected together. There are different layers of the stories:


It is similar to "101 Nights", also known as "The Book with the Story of the 101 Nights", another Arabic story collection. The collections only have two stories in common - “The Ebony Horse” and “The King’s Son and the Seven Viziers,” popularly known as “The Book of Sinbad.”



Coup d'état

A coup d'état (pronounced []), or just coup ([]) for short, is the removal of a head of state and/or a head of government from power (overthrow). Unlike a revolution in which large numbers of people usually take over, a coup can be done by a small number of people. Even one person can cause a coup, such as Idi Amin for example, who controlled the Ugandan Army. Coups can also be organized by other countries, such as the 1953 Iranian coup d'état. One well-known failed coup was the Beer Hall Putsch in which Adolf Hitler tried to take over the government of Bavaria , a state in Germany.

The term comes from the French for "a (sudden) blow (or strike) to a state".

Informally, "coup" is sometimes used to refer to takeovers or wins, in places other than government such as in a company or corporation.

Walt Disney

Walter Elias "Walt" Disney (; December 5, 1901December 15, 1966) was an American entrepreneur, animator, writer, voice actor and film producer. Disney was an important person in the American animation industry and throughout the world. He is regarded as an international icon and philanthropist. He is well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century. Along with his brother Roy Disney, he was the founder of Walt Disney Productions. The corporation is now known as The Walt Disney Company. He is also famous for Disneyland. 

As an extraordinary animator and entrepreneur, Disney was well known as a movie producer and a showman, as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design. He and his staff created some of the world's most well-known fictional characters including Mickey Mouse. He provided the original voice for Mickey Mouse. He received four honorary Academy Awards and won 22 Academy Awards from a total of 59 nominations, including a record four in one year. It gave him more awards and nominations than any other person in history. Disney also won seven Emmy Awards. He gave his name to the Disneyland, and Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in the United States, as well as international resorts like Tokyo Disney Resort, Disneyland Paris, and Hong Kong Disneyland. 

He died on December 15, 1966 from lung cancer aged 65. A year later, construction of the Walt Disney World Resort began in Florida. His brother Roy Disney inaugurated the Magic Kingdom in 1971.

Walter Elias Disney was born on December 5, 1901 at 2156 North Tripp Avenue in Hermosa, Chicago, Illinois. His father, Elias Disney, had Irish-Canadian ancestry and his mother, Flora Call Disney, had German and English ancestry.
His great-grandfather, Arundel Elias Disney, had emigrated from Gowran, County Kilkenny, Ireland where he was born in 1801. Arundel Disney was a descendant of Robert d'Isigny, a Frenchman who had traveled to England with William the Conqueror in 1066. The d'Isigny name was anglicized as "Disney" and the family settled in a village now known as Norton Disney, south of the city of Lincoln, in the county of Lincolnshire.

About the time Disney was entering high school, his family moved to the city of Chicago. Disney took classes at the Chicago Art Institute and drew for the school newspaper. When he was sixteen, Disney decided he wanted to help fight in World War I. Since he was still too young to join the army, he dropped out of school and joined the Red Cross. He spent the next year driving ambulances for the Red Cross in France.

Disney's best-known creation is the cartoon character, Mickey Mouse. Disney even provided the voice for Mickey Mouse for many years. Donald Duck is another famous creation. Minnie Mouse and Pluto are also his creations. Disney was once fired from a newspaper company in Kansas City, Missouri because of his lack of creativity.

Disney began as a cartoonist in the 1920s. He created Oswald the Lucky Rabbit but lost ownership of the character due to a contract problem. He then created Mickey Mouse. Disney started the Walt Disney Studios and created the first full-length animated movie when he created "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). The movie was a huge success. The money from the movie helped Disney create many more cartoons and movies such as "Fantasia, Pinocchio" (both 1940)", Dumbo" (1941), and "Bambi" (1942). New animated and live-action films followed after World War II, including the critically successful "Cinderella" (1950), "Peter Pan" (1953), and "Mary Poppins" (1964), the latter of which received five Academy Awards. He earned 32 academy awards. Disney once refused an offer from Alfred Hitchcock to make a movie at Disney World after Hitchcock filmed "Psycho". He also served as the host of The Wonderful World of Disney, a weekly variety show that had Disney cartoons and some live-action skits.

In the 1950s, Disney created Disneyland in Anaheim, California. Disneyland was the first modern theme park. Disney also bought the land for Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. Disney did not see Walt Disney World finished though because he died before it opened. Both Disneyland and Walt Disney World (and now other Disney theme parks) are famous for their design, level of detail, being very clean, and animatronics. 

December 15, 1966, Disney died of lung cancer in Burbank, California at the age of 65. His movies and theme parks are still enjoyed by millions of people around the world. His company continues to produce very successful new theme parks, cartoons



Eucharist

The Eucharist, also called holy communion, the sacrament, or the Lord's supper, is a kind of religious ritual in many Christian churches. It started when Jesus Christ told his followers to eat bread (His body) and drink wine (His blood) in memory of him, at the Last Supper.

According to the Roman Catholic Church, the Eucharist is the true presence of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. During a Mass, through the act of transubstantiation, the bread and wine offered change, and are no longer bread and wine. They become the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ. The bread and wine do not change appearance, but they are the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, which Catholics in good standing (not in the state of mortal sin) come and receive Christ—they consume Him. This follows what was said by Christ "Eat my Body and Drink my Blood" (John ch.6). Most Protestant denominations believe that this was meant as a symbol, while the Catholic Church bases its beliefs on the tradition handed down through the church.

First century St. Ignatius of Antioch, disciple of the beloved disciple John, in speaking of "the heretics plaguing the church" in their day, wrote: "They abstain from the Eucharist because they do not confess that the Eucharist is the flesh of our Savior Jesus Christ" (Smyrnaeans, 7).

From the second century, St. Justin Martyr wrote:
"This food we call Eucharist, which no one is allowed to share except the one who believes that our teaching is true, and who has been washed with the washing that is for the remission of sins, and unto regeneration, and so lives as Christ has handed down. For we do not receive these as common bread and common drink; but just as Jesus Christ our Savior, having been made flesh by the word of God, had both flesh and blood for our salvation, so likewise we have learned that the food over which thanks has been given by the prayer of the word which comes from him, and by which our blood and flesh are nourished through a change, is the Flesh and Blood of the same incarnate Jesus" (The First Apology).

In most Protestant churches, not including Lutheranism, the sacrament of communion involves eating small wafers or Matzos and drinking wine or grape juice, and not believing that it is the actual body and blood of Jesus, but as a very important symbolic observance, and fulfillment of what Christ commanded. Some churches offer it daily, some weekly, some monthly, and some a few times a year.

Unlike the Catholic teaching, Lutherans teach that the bread and wine is Jesus' body and blood, but is bread and wine also (consubstantiation).

In the Latter Day Saints or "Mormon" Church, followers eat small pieces of bread and drink water. They believe that this is a symbol of the body and blood of Jesus, and they call it the Sacrament. They also believe that it helps them to make the promises of baptism all over again.


Stroke (disambiguation)

Stroke can mean one of the following:

Little House (book series)

Little House on the Prairie is a book written by Laura Ingalls Wilder in 1935. It is one part of series of books about Wilder's childhood in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Kansas during the late 19th century. The books have been made many times into movies and television series. Some other writers have also written books about Laura and her relatives.

The books became famous during the 20th century. During the 21st century, scholars began to look at them closely as literature and as art. Wilder has been criticized for the way she shows Native Americans and black Americans.

"Pioneer Girl" was one of the first books Ingalls-Wilder wrote, but she could not find a publisher that wanted to print it. "Pioneer Girl" is a nonfiction story of Wilder's life. Her daughter told her to write fictional stories instead. The Little House series is a different from the true story of Ingalls-Wilder's life. She was trying to tell a happy story and to show manifest destiny as a good thing. She wanted the story to make sense, so she left things out if they did not fit her ideas. The fictional books do not talk about when her family moved east to Iowa or her little brother who died young. She also invented fictional characters and made combination characters: Nellie Olson is one person in the fictional books but she was based on more than one person in real life.

In 2015, an edited version of "Pioneer Girl" was published. It has many footnotes explaining things for twenty-first-century readers.





In 2018, the Association for Library Service to Children changed the name of its "Laura Ingalls Wilder Award" to the "Children’s Literature Legacy Award" because people did not like the way Wilder wrote about Native Americans in "Little House on the Prairie". They said the book had "dated cultural attitudes toward Indigenous people and people of color that contradict modern acceptance, celebration, and understanding of diverse communities." For example, in the book, one white character says "the only good Indian is a dead Indian." Some of the words Ingalls use to describe Native Americans makes them sound like non-human animals. Other people disagreed, saying the book showed how complicated things between Native Americans and white settlers were. For example, it shows that the Ingalls family is on Indian land illegally, which means they must leave. It shows Laura asking her parents why they are in Indian territory if they don't want to be near Indians.


Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano

Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano is an Italian choir of children. It was created in Bologna in 1963 by Mariele Ventre. The children had to help singing children at Zecchino d'Oro festival. In 1995, Mariele Ventre died and the choir has a new director - Sabrina Simoni - and a new name - "Piccolo Coro "Mariele Ventre" dell'Antoniano".

Ward Cunningham

Howard G. "Ward" Cunningham (born May 26, 1949) is an American computer programmer. He started the first wiki website on March 25, 1995, and is considered the inventor of that software. He currently lives in Beaverton, Oregon.

Ward Cunningham got a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from Purdue University, and then got his master's degree in computer science from there. he has worked for Tektronix Computer Research Laboratory, the Eclipse Foundation, and Microsoft, among other places. In 2009, he joined AboutUs, an editable guide to websites.


Chain

A chain is like a rope, but made up of several elements called links.

Rope

A rope is made out of several threads. The material can be organic, like flax, or it can be small threads of steel (in case of a steel rope, wire or cable). A rope can be used to lift, or pull things, like pulling a ship into a harbor with another ship, or fixing the ship so it does not move away. The twisting of fibers in rope is what leads to its high tensile strength (meaning it's very difficult to pull apart) and this innovation allowed the rope to become a construction staple that has been used for millennia. Ropes have been used for thousands of years, from the Egyptians using them in 4000BCE and modern-day construction that relies heavily on the strength of this tool.

The X-Files

The X-Files is an American science fiction television series set in Maryland. It ran from its creation in 1993 until 2002, lasting for nine seasons. On January 24, 2016, a new season began airing. The series is about two FBI agents, Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) and Fox Mulder (David Duchovny). Together, they work to find answers to strange cases. Many of these cases have to do with aliens and the paranormal.

"The X-Files" was a very popular show; it is the second longest running science fiction show behind "Stargate SG-1". It also won awards like the Emmy Awards and the Golden Globe Awards.

The plot of the show has to do with finding the answer to mysteries, or X-Files. Mulder believes that the answers to many of these mysteries have to do with aliens and the paranormal, while Scully believes that the answer can be found using science. Sometimes, there are monsters that are introduced into the show. Episodes with monsters in them are called "Monster-of-the-week" episodes.

There is a plot in the show about Mulder's sister, Samantha Mulder. She was taken by aliens when she was little. Mulder spends a lot of time looking for her. In season seven, Mulder finds out that both the aliens and the government took his sister for experiments. They wanted to make an alien-human hybrid and used Samantha as a test subject.

Mulder and Scully believe that there is a part of the government that is helping the aliens. They find out this is true. The part of the government that helps the aliens is called "The Syndicate." The Syndicate helps the aliens to take over Earth.

Eventually, Mulder is taken by the aliens and is replaced in the series by John Doggett, another FBI agent. Doggett and Scully then work together in season eight. In season nine, Scully is replaced by Monica Reyes.


In 1998, a movie called "" was made. In the plot of the series, it is between seasons five and six. It is mainly about government conspiracy involving aliens. It was directed by Rob Bowman.

Another movie, called "", was made in 2008, six years after the season ended. The movie is more like a horror story than a story about aliens. It was directed by Chris Carter. It earned $20,982,478 in the US, earned $47,386,956 in countries outside the US, and in total earned $68,369,434.


Patent

A patent gives an inventor the right to stop other people making or using their invention. If someone makes or uses that invention without being allowed to, the inventor can sue that person in court to make them stop. The inventor can sell the patent to another person or company.

A patent lasts for up to 20 years, depending on the country. After that, anyone can copy the invention. 

Each country has its own patents. China gives Chinese patents. India gives Indian patents. The United States gives United States patents. An inventor can get a patent in any country the inventor wants. An inventor can get patents in many different countries for the same invention. Each patent in each country costs money to get.

The rules for patents are similar in most countries.

To get a patent, the inventor must ask the government by describing the invention in writing. This is called a patent application. The inventor can write the patent application, but it is usually written by a person trained to write patent applications. This person is called a patent agent or, if the person is a lawyer, a patent attorney.

The government does not usually just give the inventor a patent. Instead, the government tries to confirm whether the idea is actually new. This is called patent examination. The government will try to find books, stories, or other patents that show that the idea was not new. The inventor, or his or her patent attorney, then tries to show how the inventor's idea is actually new and is different from anything that the government finds.

If the government finds that the inventor's idea is new, it will give the inventor a patent. The government will also send the inventor a copy of his or her patent application with a special seal. This copy is the patent.

The inventor must also pay the government a tax to get a patent. Usually, an inventor pays money to ask for the patent, and the inventor pays money when they get a patent. In some countries, the owner of a patent must also pay money to keep the patent. Some can be cheap and some can be expensive.

The owner of a patent can stop other people from using their invention. If someone other than the patent owner uses the patent, this is called infringing a patent. If the owner knows that someone is infringing his or her patent, the patent owner can ask a court to stop them. If the court agrees that the other person was using the patent, the court can make that person pay a fine to the patent owner. 

The patent owner can give other people permission to use their patent. This is called a patent license. A person who wants to use another person's patent will usually pay money to the patent owner.

Patents most often cover products or processes that contain 'new' functional or technical ideas. They are concerned with how things work, how they are made, or what they are made of. Patents cover many different things such as electronics, medicines, agriculture and transport – anything in fact, from a small detail in an electric switch to an entire power station.

Usually, to get a patent there are three rules that the idea needs to follow:

Often a product is marked with a text saying 'patent pending' or 'pat. pending', which means that a patent has been asked for (part of) the product. Then people are warned that they should not copy the invention. 

Patents are usually very long. They include a number of smaller parts. A patent usually includes a section that briefly describes the idea called the abstract. It also may include a section that describes other people's inventions and how the inventor's idea is different called the "background of the invention."

The patent also includes a long description of the idea itself called a "detailed description." In this section, the inventor tries to describe every detail of his or her invention.

The patent also has a number of pictures called the "figures." The figures are usually drawn by people called draftsman that are trained to draw in a special way. The pictures are labeled with numbers to show different parts of the invention.

At the end of most patents is a section called the claims. These are usually numbered. They include a short statement that lists all of the things needed for the invention. A court will use the claims to decide if another person is "infringing" the patent.


The Wizard of Oz

The Wizard of Oz is an American musical movie. It was produced by MGM and released by MGM in 1939. The movie is based on the children's book "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum. This book was first published in May 1900. The book and movie are about a little girl's adventures in the land called Oz. This is still watched from 1939 to 2017.

The song "Over the Rainbow" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. The movie was first televised in 1957. It became an annual Thanksgiving television special for many years. The movie was named the most-watched motion picture in history by the Library of Congress.

In 1998, the movie was sixth on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. The movie has been chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Dorothy (Judy Garland) lives on a drab Kansas farm with her Auntie Em and Uncle Henry (Clara Blandick and Charlie Grapewin). A powerful storm sweeps her and her house away to the Land of Oz. Upon arriving, she arrives in a town of people called "munchkins". She soon realises that her house has crushed a witch and now the witch's magical ruby slippers belong to her. The good witch, Glinda (Billie Burke), tells her that only the Wizard of Oz (Frank Morgan) can send her back home. 

She must go to the Emerald City to see him. She sets off on the Yellow Brick Road wearing the witch's ruby slippers. She makes three friends on the road: a Scarecrow, a Tin Man, and a Cowardly Lion (Ray Bolger, Jack Haley, and Bert Lahr).

On the way to Emerald City, the friends are tormented by The Wicked Witch of the West (Margaret Hamilton). She is the sister of the witch Dorothy killed. She wants the ruby slippers. Dorothy won't give the slippers to the witch. The friends arrive in Emerald City. The Wizard refuses to help them unless they defeat the Wicked Witch. The friends go to the Witch's castle and are captured. The Witch tries to torture the scarecrow with fire so Dorothy throws a bucket of water over the Witch, causing her to melt.

In the Emerald City, the four friends are welcomed as heroes. It is revealed that the Wizard is not actually magic and is instead just an ordinary scientist. The Wizard prepares his hot air balloon to take Dorothy back to Kansas. But the balloon takes off without her. The good witch called Glinda (Billie Burke) tells Dorothy she can go home by just clicking the heels of the ruby slippers together and thinking about home. She does this. She wakes up in her bed. Her adventures have been a dream.



Assassination

Assassination is the murder of an important or popular person, usually, a political leader, like the head of a country or of a political party. Assassinations are usually done for political reasons or for payment. A person who assassinates someone is called an assassin.

Throughout history, assassinations have happened for many different reasons. Sometimes, assassinations have been used to take over governments. Other times, assassinations have been used to kill military leaders during wars, or for religious reasons. Some assassins want revenge, or just want to be famous.

Assassinations have happened ever since people started living in group societies.
The Old Testament of the Bible mentions assassinations in the Books of Judith, Kings, Samuel and Chronicles.

An ancient Indian writer, Chanakya, who lived from about 350 to 283 BC, wrote much about assassinations in a book called "Arthashastra". One of his students later assassinated some of his enemies, including two of Alexander the Great's generals.

Famous victims of assassinations include Philip II of Macedon (336 BC), who was Alexander's father, and Julius Caesar (44 BC). There is evidence that Alexander was assassinated by poisoning. Several emperors of the Roman Empire were assassinated so that a different leader could take their place.

In the Middle Ages, many emperors in the Byzntine Empire were murdered so that new emperors could take power.

In the 12th and the 13th centuries, the Shia Order of Assassins in Persia and Syria fought their Sunni and Christian enemies by killing their leaders. That is when the term "assassination" started.

During the Renaissance, assassinations happened in Western Europe. Kings William the Silent of the Netherlands (1584), Henry III of France (1589), and Henry IV of France (1610) were all assassinated.

The first American use of state assassination, which is organized by the statem happened in 1620. It happened in Plymouth in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, where the Pilgrims had landed. Native Americans had lived there before the Pilgrims landed, but the Pilgrims wanted the land to themselves. Myles Standish invited a local Native American tribal chief, the chief's 18-year-old brother, and two other Native Americans to a feast. Then, they locked the door, killed the three older men and hanged the teenager in public as a warning to the other Native Americans to stay away.

Assassinations have been common in modern history. This section does not list every assassination that has happened in modern history. It lists some examples of world leaders who were assassinated, and explains some of the reasons why these assassinations happened.

In Imperial Russia, two emperors were assassinated within 80 years: Paul I (1801) and Alexander II (1881).

In the United States, four presidents were assassinated within 100 years. They were Presidents Abraham Lincoln (1865), James Garfield (1881), William McKinley (1901), and John F. Kennedy (1963).

After Abraham Lincoln was killed, Andrew Johnson became presiden for four years. During that time, 12 people who held important political jobs were assassinated. The next president, Ulysses S. Grant, led the United States from 1869 to 1877 During that time, 11 government leaders were assassinated; another 9 were attacked, but survived.

Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated in 1914. Some historians say this assassination started World War I.

In the 1930s and 1940s, Joseph Stalin's NKVD assassinated some people outside of the Soviet Union, including Leon Trotsky. They were mostly people who Stalin thought were against him or could take power from him. Stalin wanted to make sure to keep the power he had and so he killed many of his opponents, mostly within the Soviet Union.
Between 1934 and 1944, different individuals and groups tried 27 different times to assassinate Adolf Hitler, the leader of Nazi Germany during the Holocaust and World War II. Objection to anti-Jewish policy and gaining better terms with the Allies were among the various motives for assassination. None of the attempts were successful.

During World War II, the Allies used assassinations to kill important Nazi and Japanese leaders:

Some famous human rights activists were also assassinated in the next few decades. They were assassinated by people who did not like the things they were doing to work for human rights. The most famous activists who were assassinated include:

Between 1960 and 1965, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) tried at least eight times to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro. Around this time, the CIA also made plans to assassinate Patrice Lumumba, the only democratically-elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Between 1960 and 1970, the CIA also encouraged and in some cases helped with assassinations of the following:

In 1979, the Iranian Revolution turned Iran into an Islamic Republic. A group called Iran Human Rights Documentation Center says that between 1979 and the 1990s, leaders of the Iranian government had 162 people assassinated, in 19 different countries. The group says Iran stopped the assassinations because a German court put out an arrest warrant for the head of Iranian military intelligence.

Anwar Sadat, the President of Egypt, was assassinated in 1981 at a parade. He was killed by people who wanted to take over the country and make it into an Islamic Republic.

In 1983, Benigno Aquino, Jr. was assassinated. Aquino was against Ferdinand Marcos, the dictator who ruled the Philippines. The people of the Philippines were so upset that they started the non-violent People Power Revolution, which led to the end of Marcos's government. Aquino's widow, Corazon Aquino, became President of the Philippines.

In India, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was assassinated in 1984. Her son Rajiv Gandhi became the next Prime Minister. He was assassinated in 1991. (They were not related to Mohandas Gandhi.)

Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated in 1995. The Israelis and Palestinians were working on a peace agreement. Rabin was killed by an Orthodox Jew who did not agree with the peace treaty. Many historians think Rabin's murder is one of the main reasons the peace talks fell apart.

In Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in 2007. Bhutto had been the first woman who was ever elected to lead a Muslim country. An Al-Qaeda leader said that Al-Qaeda assassins had killed Bhutto. He said that it did so because Bhutto was trying to get rid of violent Jihadist militia groups in Pakistan. He said this made her important to the United States, so Al-Qaeda killed her.

In the 2020s, President of Haiti Jovenel Moïse was assassinated in 2021 and former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe was assassinated in 2022.

One research study looked at assassinations of national leaders (leaders of countries, like presidents or prime ministers). The study showed that:

Another study looked at all assassinations between 1946 and 2013. It included not just national leaders, but also other members of government (including local governments), and people who were against the government. This study found that between 1946 and 2013, a total of 954 people were assassinated in 758 different attacks.

This study also looked at who was most likely to be assassinated. Of the 954 people who were assassinated:

Gillian Anderson

Gillian Leigh Anderson, (born August 9, 1968) is an American-British film, television and theatre actress, activist and writer. Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series "The X-Files", ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies' film "The House of Mirth" (2000), and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series "The Fall". Among other honours, Anderson has won a Primetime Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.

After beginning her career on stage, Anderson achieved international recognition for her role as FBI Special Agent Dana Scully on the American sci-fi drama series "The X-Files" for all ten seasons (1993–2002, 2016). Her film work includes the dramas "The Mighty Celt" (2005), "The Last King of Scotland" (2006), "Shadow Dancer" (2012) and two "X-Files" films: "The X-Files: Fight the Future" (1998) and "The X-Files: I Want to Believe" (2008). Her other notable television credits include: portraying Lady Dedlock in the successful BBC production of Charles Dickens' "Bleak House", Wallis Simpson in "Any Human Heart", portraying Miss Havisham in "Great Expectations" (2011) and Dr. Bedelia Du Maurier on "Hannibal". In 2013, Anderson began starring as DSI Stella Gibson on the critically acclaimed BBC crime drama television series "The Fall". She has been serving as an executive producer from its second series. She will be appearing as goddess Media in the upcoming TV series "American Gods". Anderson is the co-writer of "The EarthEnd Saga" novel trilogy and the self-help guide book "WE: A Manifesto for Women Everywhere".

Aside from film and TV, Anderson has taken on the stage and has received both awards and critical acclaim. Her stage work includes "Absent Friends" (1991) – for which she won a Theatre World Award for Best Newcomer, "A Doll's House" (2009) – that earned her a Laurence Olivier Award nomination, and a portrayal of Blanche DuBois in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (2014, 2016) – for which she won the "Evening Standard" Theatre Award for Best Actress and received her second Laurence Olivier Award nomination for Best Actress.

Anderson has been active in supporting numerous charities and humanitarian organizations. She is an honorary spokesperson for the Neurofibromatosis (NF) Network and the co-founder of South African Youth Education for Sustainability (SAYes). Anderson was appointed an honorary Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2016 for her services to drama.


Debt

Debt is what someone owes to someone else. Usually, debt is in the form of money, but it can also be items, services, favors, or other things. Thus if you make an agreement to give or do something for someone else, you now owe a debt. Unpaid debt can lead to problems such as the Greek government-debt crisis. Debt is used by governments, corporations and individuals to make purchases that they could not normally afford. Common types of debt owed by households and individuals are mortgage loans, car loans, credit card debt, and income taxes. In the case of individuals, debt is a way to use an anticipated income combined with the future purchasing power at present before earning the same. 

On the other hand, corporates have a multitude of options when it comes to debt. Companies may use debt for their working capital or day-to-day operations.

Goods, services or money borrowed with the intent of repayment (in kind or not) creates a debt. Debt can be classified as either secured debt, unsecured debt, revolving debt, or a mortgage.

A secured debt uses "collateral", which is an asset that is promised to the debt-holder until the debt has been repaid. If the repayment is not made in full, the lender gets the collateral asset. For instance, a car loan typically creates a secured debt. If you still owe money on the car loan and do not make timely payments, the note-holder can take back (or repossess) the car and sell it to get the money still due. A home mortgage is similar. 

An unsecured debt is more risky to the debt-holder (the lender, also called creditor). In the event of non-payment of the debt, the lender cannot take assets. Credit card debt is typically unsecured. If you charge items to a credit card and do not make the monthly payments, the credit card issuer can report the non-payment to the credit-reporting agencies. That will reduce your credit score so others will not lend you money. But usually they cannot take back whatever you bought with the card.

Revolving debt is a line of credit or an amount that a borrower can continuously borrow from. In other words, the borrower may use funds up to a certain amount, pay it back, and borrow up to that amount again. Revolving credit accounts are open ended, meaning they don’t have an end date. As long as the account remains open and in good standing, borrower can continue to use it.

A mortgage is a debt issued to purchase real estate, such as a house or condo. It is a form of secured debt as the subject real estate is used as collateral against the loan.


Uranium

Uranium is a chemical element (a metal) on the periodic table. It has an atomic number of 92, which means that a uranium atom has 92 protons in its center, the nucleus. 

Uranium dug out of the ground is made from three different isotopes. The isotopes are different types of uranium with different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei. Most of it is uranium-238; uranium-235 is less common; uranium-234 is the rarest. Pitchblende is the main ore that is mined for uranium.

Uranium-235 can be used in nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons by making a nuclear chain reaction. This turns the uranium-235 into uranium-236 and splits the nucleus into two smaller nuclei. This makes two completely different elements with smaller atomic numbers. The process is called nuclear fission and creates lots of heat. This heat makes it very useful for making steam in nuclear reactors, or for making explosions with nuclear weapons. Most such weapons use plutonium made from uranium-238. Uranium is slightly radioactive.

Uranium without its uranium-235 is called depleted uranium. It is less radioactive than natural uranium. It is used in anti-tank weapons. Uranium can also be used as a dye for stained glass or pottery.
Uranium is a dangerous substance. Because uranium is radioactive it is often seen with the hazard sign for radioactive elements, a group of three triangles with curved outer edges pointing in towards the middle (as you can see on the left). Uranium is a shiny white metal, but is usually seen in its oxide form which is black. Spent or partially spent uranium fuel rods are kept underwater, inside a nuclear reactor or in a spent fuel pool. Uranium can glow blue due to Cherenkov radiation. In addition to being radioactive, uranium is a heavy metal and is chemically toxic.

Uranium is a silvery white, weakly radioactive metal. It has a Mohs hardness of 6. It is malleable, ductile and slightly paramagnetic. It is strongly electropositive. It is a poor electrical conductor. Uranium metal has a very high density of 19.1 g/cm.

Uranium metal reacts with almost all non-metal elements and their compounds. Hydrochloric and nitric acids dissolve uranium, but non-oxidizing acids other than hydrochloric acid dissolve the element very slowly.

Uranium-235 was the first isotope that was found to be fissile: The molecule splits. Other naturally occurring isotopes are fissionable (can be broken down), but are not fissile.

As little as 15 lb (7 kg) of uranium-235 can be used to make an atomic bomb. The nuclear weapon detonated over Hiroshima, called "Little Boy", relied on uranium fission.

The use of uranium in its natural oxide form dates back to the year 79 AD. It was used in the Roman Empire to make ceramic glazes yellow. Yellow glass with 1% uranium oxide was found in a Roman villa on Cape Posillipo in the Bay of Naples, Italy. It was found by R.T. Gunther of the University of Oxford in 1912. In the late Middle Ages, pitchblende was extracted from the Habsburg silver mines in Joachimsthal, Bohemia (now Jáchymov in the Czech Republic). In the early 19th century, the world's only known sources of uranium ore were these mines.

Uranium is only naturally formed by the rapid neutron capture in supernovae and neutron star mergers.

Radioactive heat production is present on Earth in quantities. It may be a widespread component of Solar System planets, and possible other planetary systems. That might help to explain the high internal temperatures of planets.

The world's largest producer of uranium is Kazakhstan, which in 2019 produced 43% of the world's mining output. Canada was the next largest producer with a 13% share, followed by Australia with 12%. Uranium has been mined in every continent except Antarctica.

See also: Uranium mining

The Graduate

The Graduate is a 1967 American movie based on a novel by Charles Webb, and directed by Mike Nichols. It is set in Southern California.

In the movie and book, a recent college graduate (played by Dustin Hoffman) is seduced by Mrs. Robinson (Anne Bancroft), the wife of his father's business partner. He later falls in love with their daughter Elaine (Katharine Ross).

The movie was Hoffman's first major role (it was his second role). He was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance.

The soundtrack album contained music by folk duo Simon and Garfunkel, and replaced The Beatles's "White Album" for the number one position (most sales) on the music charts.

Scenes from "The Graduate" have been well-remembered by many people, since it appeared. In one of them, one-word advice for corporate success ("Plastics") is given by a family friend of Benjamin's. (Reportedly, sales of stock in plastics companies jumped in the months after the movie appeared.) Another scene, where Ben tries to stop Elaine from marrying another man, has been imitated and parodied in television programs, including the cartoon series "Daria".

In 1998, a play based on the movie premiered in London and on Broadway; its stars included Kathleen Turner, Alicia Silverstone and Morgan Fairchild.


Uncredited:
Anne Bancroft, Dustin Hoffman, and Katharine Ross earned Oscar nominations for their performances.

Along with the acting nominations, the movie received nominations for Best Cinematography, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Picture. Mike Nichols won the Academy Award for Best Director.

The movie won the BAFTA Award for Best Film, the BAFTA Award for Best Editing (to Sam O'Steen) and the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

In 1996, "The Graduate" was picked to keep in the U.S. National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

American Film Institute recognition

The movie is listed in the 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die book.

Alfa Romeo made a "Graduate" edition Alfa Romeo Spider, the car Benjamin drives in the movie.


Aquitaine

Aquitaine (Occitan: "Aquitània"; ; ) is a part of southwestern France. It was once an administrative region but is now part of the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. With over 41,000 square kilometers, it is one of the largest regions of mainland France (the largest of all French regions is French Guiana, in South America).

Its capital was Bordeaux, the largest city. The French name of the people living in the region is "Aquitain".

The five departments in the region were Dordogne, Gironde, Landes, Lot-et-Garonne, and Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

The Aquitaine region was the third largest region of Metropolitan France, after Midi-Pyrénées and Rhône-Alpes. Its area was . It bordered with three French regions: Poitou-Charentes to the north, Limousin to the northeast and Midi-Pyrénées to the east. To the south is Spain (Aragon and Navarre) and to the west the Atlantic Ocean. The coast along the Atlantic Ocean, part of the Bay of Biscay, is called the Côte d'Argent ("Silver Coast").

The Greenwich Meridian passes through Aquitaine.

Most of Aquitaine is in the Aquitanian basin, a relatively flat and geologically young landscape. High mountains are found only in the south of Aquitaine, in the Pyrenees mountain range. The Pic Palas (), at , is the highest point of Aquitaine; it is on the border with Spain.

The main rivers of the region are the Garonne, that flows through the Gironde and Lot-et-Garonne departments; the Dordogne, that flows through the Dordogne and Gironde departments; the Lot, that flows through the Lot-et-Garonne department; the Dropt, that flows through the Dordogne, Gironde and Lot-et-Garonne departments; and the Adour, that flows through the Landes department.

The climate is mild - except in the high mountains - all year round. On the Atlantic coast, the annual average temperature is above 15 °C, in Bordeaux is about 14 °C and on the border of Limousin is still 11 °C. Rainfall is relatively high and is higher in the south of the region.

In the Middle Ages Aquitaine was at times a kingdom and a duchy. Various wars made it larger and smaller. Aquitane came into the control of England when Eleanor of Aquitaine married Henry II of England in 1152. It remained in English control until 1453 at the end of the Hundred Years' War.

The Aquitaine region is formed by five departments:

The Aquitaine region had a population, in 2012, of 3,285,970, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The 10 most important cities in the department are:

Nightmare

A nightmare is a very powerful dream that the sleeper finds disturbing or frightening. Nightmares usually have either physiological causes, like a high fever, or psychological ones, like trauma or stress in the sleeper's life. Nightmares are common, but nightmares that happen very often can cause problems with sleep. They may cause people to get medical help.

Nightmares usually happen during REM sleep.

In earlier times, people thought that such nightmares were really the work of demons. They thought people were having nightmares because an Incubus was sitting on the chest of the sleeper. This can also be seen on the image. Sometimes people also thought magic and demonic possession were involved. 

In the 19th century, people thought their diet was responsible. When Ebenezer Scrooge sees a ghost in A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens, he thinks ""... an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato..."" is responsible. Similarly, the "Household Cyclopedia" (1881) offers this advice about nightmares:

Melilla

Melilla is a city in North Africa, which is separated from Spain by the Mediterranean Sea. It is an exclave that belongs to Spain, and is all surrounded by Morocco, which believes it should belong to them. Ceuta is another such city. Until it became a self-governing city in 1995, it belonged to the Province of Málaga.

Its surface is about 20 square kilometers, and there are almost 70,000 people living there.


Ceuta

Ceuta is a Spanish city in North Africa, at the Strait of Gibraltar which divides it from mainland Spain. It is an exclave of Spain, and is all surrounded by Morocco, which believes it should belong to them. Melilla is another such city. The city area is about 20 square kilometers, and there are over 82,000 people living in the city. The city is surrounded by a border fence, which has been built to keep the Moroccans (and other Africans) from moving there unlawfully. Until it became a self-governing city in 1995, it belonged to the Province of Cádiz.

It was built by the Phoenicians at a strategic position.

Burkina Faso

Burkina Faso (UK: /bɜːˌkiː.nə ˈfæs.əʊ/, US: /bʊrˌkiː.nə ˈfɑː.soʊ/) is a country in West Africa. It used to be called Upper Volta and the name was changed to Burkina Faso in 1984. The country was once ruled by France, but it has been independent since 1960. The capital is Ouagadougou.

In 2005, about 13,228,000 people lived in the country. It is next to Mali, Niger, Benin, Togo, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. It does not have any coast with an ocean or sea. People from Burkina Faso are called Burkinabé (pronounced burr-KEE-na-bay).

People have lived in the area of Burkina Faso for thousands of years. At first, they were hunter-gatherers, hunting animals and collecting fruits and vegetables. Later they became farmers. People called the Mossi arrived between the 11th and 13th centuries. They ruled the area until the end of the 19th century. In 1896 France beat the Mossi kingdom and became the colonial rulers of Burkina Faso. After World War I, the country was called Upper Volta.

In 1960, Upper Volta became independent from France. The first president of the new country was Maurice Yaméogo. After he became the president, Yaméogo banned other political parties. For several years the people of Upper Volta were very unhappy with the government and in 1966 the military took over in a military coup. In 1983 the government was taken over again by military men called Thomas Sankara and Blaise Compaoré. Sankara became president. In 1984, he changed the name of the country to Burkina Faso. It means "land of honest people".

In December 1985, Burkina Faso went to war for five days with near-by country Mali. In 1987, there was another military coup and Sankara was assassinated (murdered). Blaise Compaoré became the president.

On 28 October 2014 protesters began to march and demonstrate in Ouagadougou. Compaoré was ready to change the constitution and extend his 27-year rule. On 30 October 2014, some protesters set fire to the parliament. They also took over the national television headquarters. On 31 October 2014, President Compaoré, resigned after 27 years in office.

In 2015 the country held their first election. Roch Marc Christian Kaboré, a former Prime Minister, was elected as president. In 2022, Kaboré was removed from power during a military coup d'état led by Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba.

Burkina Faso is divided into thirteen regions, forty-five provinces, and 301 departments. The regions are:

Below is a list of the largest cities in Burkina Faso. For other cities see List of cities in Burkina Faso.

Burkina Faso is made up of two major types of countryside. The larger part of the country is covered by a peneplain. It has a gently undulating landscape with a few isolated hills. The southwest of the country forms a sandstone massif. The highest peak, Ténakourou, is found at an elevation of . The area is bordered by sheer cliffs up to high. The average altitude of Burkina Faso is . The difference between the highest and lowest terrain is no greater than . Burkina Faso is a mostly flat country.

Burkina Faso has a tropical climate with two distinct seasons. In the rainy season, the country receives between of rainfall. In the dry season, the harmattan – a hot dry wind from the Sahara – blows. The rainy season lasts about four months, from May/June to September. It is shorter in the north of the country.

Burkina Faso's natural resources include manganese, limestone, marble, phosphates, pumice, salt and small deposits of gold.

Burkina Faso's fauna and flora are protected in two national parks and several reserves.

Literature in Burkina Faso is based on the oral tradition, which remains important. Since the 1970s, literature has developed in Burkina Faso with many more writers being published.

There is also a large artist community, especially in Ouagadougou. Much of the crafts produced are for the growing tourist industry.

The food of Burkina Faso, typical of west African cuisine, is based around staple foods of sorghum, millet, rice, maize, peanuts, potatoes, beans, yams and okra. The most common sources of protein are chicken, eggs and fresh water fish.



Battle of Waterloo

The Battle of Waterloo was a battle that was fought between the French on one side and the British and the Prussians on the other.

Napoleon Bonaparte was Emperor of France and had started and lost the Napoleonic Wars. He had built an empire that stretched from Spain to the Russian border. Defeated at the Battle of Leipzig and elsewhere, he accepted exile on the island of Elba in 1814. 

In February 1815, he returned to France and again took control of the French Army. He attacked his enemies in what is now Belgium and was defeated at Waterloo. It was the last battle of the Napoleonic Wars.

In earlier days, Napoleon seemed unstoppable until two separate campaigns failed. He gathered a huge army to invade and to conquer Russia in 1812. His army was caught by the Russian winter and destroyed. The countries of Eastern Europe, led by Austria and Prussia, began to ally against him, forcing his troops back towards France. Meanwhile, a small army in Portugal and Spain, led by Arthur Wellesley, who later became Duke of Wellington, began to push Napoleon’s troops out of Spain.

By 1814, Napoleon faced total defeat, with invasions from all sides. A peace treaty was arranged. in which he would abdicate (give up the throne) and live on a small Mediterranean island, Elba, with a small army. He was replaced as ruler of France by Louis XVIII, a brother of Louis XVI.

On Elba, Napoleon was not content. He had been promised money by the new French government, but it did not keep its promise. His wife, an Austrian princess, and his sons were forbidden to visit him.

Messages from France showed that his enemies were quarreling. He seized his opportunity, went by ship in February 1815 and landed in France again. His welcome was very mixed. Many French were tired of war and the death and suffering that it made. However, others wanted a return to the power and glory of the old days and saw Napoleon as their best hope.

His first days were tense but his personal leadership and persuasion gained the support of the army. When Louis XVIII panicked and fled the country, there was little to stop Napoleon returning to Paris and being emperor again.

What Napoleon needed now was a period of time to organise himself and the French army. The allies were caught completely by surprise, and their only chance to stop him lay with two small armies in Belgium: a British and Dutch army commanded by the Duke of Wellington and a Prussian army, commanded by Marshal Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher .

Napoleon decided on a further gamble. He gathered an army and prepared a surprise attack on Wellington and Blücher and hoped to catch them unprepared. His plan was successful at first, and he crossed the Belgian border before Wellington and Blücher could join forces.

His first battle was at Ligny, and after a fierce day of fighting, he defeated the Prussian army, forcing it to retreat. Thinking that Blücher would retreat back to Prussia, Napoleon turned his attention towards Wellington. There was already a small battle at Quatre Bras, as Wellington tried to delay the French advance. That gave Wellington enough time to prepare a full defensive position across the road leading to Brussels near the village of Waterloo.

The French army advanced towards them and set up their camp on a ridge facing the combined British and Dutch army. Heavy rain caused delays and confusion, and both sides settled down for the night in the mud to await the dawn and the forthcoming battle.

Napoleon’s army faced Wellington’s Anglo-Dutch army near Waterloo on 18 June 1815. Wellington’s troops were deployed behind a low ridge, which partially protected them from the French massed artillery.

At around 11:00, Napoleon ordered his guns to open fire. The French infantry began an attack against the Château of Hougoumont, defended by the British Foot Guards. That was intended to draw Wellington’s reserves away from the centre, where Napoleon’s main attack would fall. According to records, Hougomont was considered to be vital to winning the battle.

At 13:30, Napoleon launched an infantry attack against Wellington’s centre. Men of the King’s German Legion resolutely defended the farm of La Haye Sainte, which disrupted the French attack. The British artillery and musketry succeeded in checking the French assault, and the British Household and Union heavy cavalry brigades charged after the wavering Frenchmen. Excited by their success, the British cavalry pursued their enemy too far and in turn suffered terrible casualties at the hands of the French lancers and light cavalry.

At 15.00, the Anglo-Dutch army appeared to be retreating (moving back) after the heavy bombardment that it had received all day and so General Marshal Michel Ney led a massed French cavalry attack against Wellington’s centre. However, the British infantry had been retreating only to regroup and to tend the wounded, and it formed squares to defend itself from the cavalry attack. The French took terrible casualties, as they circled the solid formations of infantrymen.

The situation further deteriorated for Napoleon as Blücher's Prussian troops launched an attack at Plancenoit to his rear at 16.30.

By early evening, the French attack at Hougoumont, which was intended as a diversion, had the opposite effect. The French committed more and more troops to the bitter fighting around the château, which was held by only a small force of British Guardsmen. More French reserves were being sent to meet the Prussian threat to the rear of Napoleon’s army at Plancenoit. However, the French had at last succeeded in capturing the farm of La Haye Sainte, only a short distance from Wellington’s centre.

At approximately 19.30 Napoleon committed his last reserves in a final effort to obtain victory. As the Prussians arrived to bolster Wellington’s flank, veterans of the French Imperial Guard advanced to finish the job. The British infantry, exhausted from the continuous heavy gunfire that it had had received all day, rose to meet them. The musketry of the British Guards Brigade defeated Napoleon’s finest troops, who fled. The whole French army joined those troops in retreat. Wellington ordered his entire line to advance, and the French were driven from the field.


São Tomé and Príncipe

São Tomé and Príncipe, officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe is an island nation in Central Africa, it is located off the Gulf of Guinea. The main islands of São Tomé and Príncipe are about 140 km apart and about 250 and 225 km, respectively, off of the northwestern coast of Gabon. The country has a population of 201,800 (2018 official estimate),São Tomé and Príncipe is the second-smallest and second-least populous African sovereign state after Seychelles as well as the smallest and least populous Portuguese-speaking country in the world. 
The English translation of the countries name is Saint Thomas and Prince.
The islands were a Portuguese colony, but have been independent since July 1975. Portuguese is the official language.

The Portuguese arrived in São Tomé Island on December 21, 1471, and Príncipe Island on January 17, 1492. As these were days dedicated to saints, both islands had saints’ names. S. Antão Island, the former name of Príncipe Island, changed in 1500 to honor the Prince of Portugal.

The official historical version says that the country was uninhabited before the arrival of the Portuguese sailors.

The first successful Portuguese settlement in the archipelago was in 1493. The volcanic soil of the islands proved to be good for sugar crops. Hard work was needed to grow and harvest the sugar crops. Slaves were brought from Portugal to do the work. Because other countries began producing more sugar, the islands were not able to make money from it. Instead it became a stopping place for the slave trade. 

In the 19th century, crops of coffee and cocoa were grown. These became successful. By 1908 the country was the largest producer of cocoa. It is the most important crop for the country. 

On February 3, 1953, the Batepá massacre occurred. In the massacre hundreds of local people were killed by Portuguese settlers. The Portuguese wanted workers for the crops. The locals said they were being used as slaves. The governor told the military to take any locals who did not want to work. 

In the late 1950s a group wanted independence. They were called the MLSTP (Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe). In 1974 they succeeded in removing Marcelo Caetano as their leader. On 12 July 1975 São Tomé and Príncipe became an independent country. The first president was Manuel Pinto da Costa. He was the MLSTP`s General Secretary. 

Until 1990 the MLSTP was the only political party. They changed the constitution to allow other political parties. The new Party of Democratic Convergence (PCD) won the most seats in the National Assembly. Miguel Trovoada was elected president.

The president is elected for a five-year term and can be re-elected. The prime minister is elected for a four-year term. The thirteen members of the cabinet (the group of ministers) are chosen by them. All adult citizens can vote in the elections. They vote by secret ballot.

São Tomé and Príncipe is divided into 2 provinces: Príncipe and São Tomé.

The provinces are further divided into seven districts, six on São Tomé and one on Príncipe (with Príncipe having self-government since April 29, 1995).

São Tomé and Príncipe is formed by two volcanic islands - the biggest of which is S. Tomé - and several islets. It is in the Gulf of Guinea, off the western equatorial coast of Africa. Both islands belong to the Cameroon volcanic mountain line.

The archipelago is 1,001km2 in size. The equator line passes through the Rolas’s Islet which is in the south of S. Tomé Island. The tallest peak is the Peak of S. Tomé at 2,024m tall.

The climate is tropical, hot and humid, with an annual average temperature of 27 C. There are two main seasons. Gravana is the driest season. It has little or no rainfall and the temperatures are lower. Gravana lasts from June to August. The rainy season is from October to May.

Since the archipelago´s discovery, its economy has been based on agriculture and fishing. Cocoa is 95% of the country’s exports. Other exports are copper, palm oil and coffee. Another economic activity is tourism.

After independence, the country’s economy was nationalized, it was then privatised in the early 1990s. Now the government budget is mainly based on foreign assistance from donors such as the UN Development Programme, the World Bank, and country donors.

The main importers of the archipelago's production are Portugal with 51%, France with 14%, Angola with 11%, and Japan with 10%.

In 2001, petroleum was found in the waters claimed by the archipelago and Nigeria.

According to the 2010 census, about 163,000 people lived in São Tomé and Príncipe. 52,000 lived in the capital and less than seven thousand lived on Príncipe Island.

São Tomé is the country’s capital and main city.

The people of S. Tomé and Príncipe are divided into the following ethnic groups: mixed-blood, descendents of Portuguese settlers and African slaves; Forros, the biggest ethnic group and descendents of freed slaves; Angolares, descendents of Angolan slaves; Tonga, mixed blood of Forros and hired workers from Angola, Mozambique and Cape Verde; and Cape Verdean descendents.

The country’s official language is Portuguese. Other languages spoken are Forro, a creole spoken by 80% of S. Tomé Island`s people; Angolar, spoken mainly on the southeast of S. Tomé Island; Lung`ié, spoken in Príncipe Island; and Creole from Cape Verde.

Almost everyone is Christian: Roman Catholic, Evangelical Protestant and Seventh-Day Adventist.

The country’s culture is the product of Portuguese and African cultural influence. Typical dances on the islands are Ússua, Socopé, Dêxa, and Puita. Tchiloli, Danço Congo and Auto dos Floripes are public theatrical performances, examples of the Portuguese cultural legacy.

Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo was a famous poet from São Tomé.

Children are required to attend school for four years. The National Lyceum (São Tomé and Príncipe) and the University of São Tomé and Príncipe are the two colleges.

Equatorial Guinea

The Republic of Equatorial Guinea is a nation in west central Africa, and one of the smallest countries in Africa. It borders Cameroon on the north, Gabon on the south and east, and the Gulf of Guinea on the west. The country's territory is both on the continent and on islands. The continental part is known as Río Muni. On one island, Bioko, is the capital, Malabo.

Equatorial Guinea and the peoples living there were colonized by Spain. Spanish is an official language because of this.

Equatorial Guinea is divided into eight provinces (capitals appear in parentheses):


The provinces are further divided into districts.

Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo

Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo (born June 5 1942) has been the President of Equatorial Guinea since 1979. Mbasongo did the military academy in Zaragoza, Spain. He came to power in a military coup, deposing the former leader Francisco Macías Nguema. Ngema had ruled the country for the previous decade. He was known to be very cruel. Ngema was sentenced to death and executed by a firing squad. Mbasonga promised to start over and to do a better job at governing the country.

In 1982, a new constitution was made. MBasogo was given the newly created post of president. He was re-elected in 1989, 1996 and 2002. In 1989 he was the only candidate, in the 1996 and 2002, international observers said the election results were false.

Obiang's regime kept clear authoritarian characteristics even after other parties were legalized in 1991. Most domestic and international observers consider his regime to be one of the most corrupt, ethnocentric, oppressive and undemocratic states in the world. Equatorial Guinea is now essentially a single-party state, dominated by Obiang's Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea (PDGE). In 2008 American journalist Peter Maass called Obiang Africa's worst dictator, worse than Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe. The constitution grants Obiang wide powers, including the power to rule by decree. Nonetheless, Obiang has far less power than Macías. For the most part his rule has been considerably milder. Notably, there have been none of the atrocities that characterized the Macías era.

All but one member of the 100-seat national parliament belong to the PDGE or are aligned with it. The opposition is severely hampered by the lack of a free press to express their views. Around 90% of all opposition politicians live in exile, 550 anti-Obiang activists have been jailed unfairly, and several killed since 1979.

In July 2003, state-operated radio declared Obiang to be a god who is "in permanent contact with the Almighty" and "can decide to kill without anyone calling him to account and without going to hell." He personally made similar comments in 1993. Despite these comments, he still claims that he is a devout Catholic and was invited to the Vatican by John Paul II and again by Benedict XVI. Macías had also proclaimed himself a god.

In November 2021, Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo was appointed at his party's congress as a candidate for a sixth term in the 2023 election.

Lord Voldemort

Lord Voldemort (born Tom Marvolo Riddle) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the "Harry Potter" series of children's books. 

The books were written by British author J.K. Rowling. Voldemort first appears in the 1997 fantasy novel "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". He appears in six of the seven books.

In the "Harry Potter" movies, Voldemort is played by actors Richard Bremmer, Christian Coulson, Ralph Fiennes, Hero-Fiennes Tiffin, and Frank Dillane.

"Voldemort" is a translation of the French words ""vol de mort"", which means "flight of death" in French. J.K. Rowling apologized for this in 2009, saying that she did not mean that French people were bad: "I can assure you that no anti-French feeling was at the origin of this choice. As a Francophile, I have always been proud of my French blood. But I needed a name that evokes both power and exoticism." She also said that Voldemort himself was "100 percent English".

Lord Voldemort is frequently described as "the most evil wizard" in the "Harry Potter" franchise. Many characters are afraid to say his name and he is often referred to as "He Who Must Not Be Named", "You-Know-Who", or "The Dark Lord<nowiki>"</nowiki>. 

Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters believe wizards should rule the world and conquer non-magical people instead of hiding from them. He also thinks that "pure-blood wizards", wizards who do not have any non-magical parents or ancestors, are superior to other people. 

Tom Marvolo Riddle grows up in an orphanage in England. He does not know about wizards or magic but does know he can do things other children cannot. He like to scare the other orphans, kill their pets and steal their things from them. When he is 11 years old, a teacher at the wizard school Hogwarts named Albus Dumbledore comes to his orphanage and tells him he is a young wizard and can go to the school.

Over the years, Voldemort makes magical objects called Horcruxes and puts part of his soul in each one. This keeps him from dying all the way and makes it possible for his friends to bring him back to life.

In the first novel and movie, it is established that Voldemort was an evil wizard who had many followers. The protagonist, Harry Potter's parents were among those who fought against him. Voldemort killed Harry's parents, but due to their sacrifice, he could not kill Harry and he accidentally killed himself. This made Harry famous in the Wizarding World.

Towards the end of the story, Harry finds out that one of the teachers at Hogwarts named Professor Quirrell was trying to steal a magical stone called the Sorcerer's Stone. Quirrell takes off his turban and reveals that Voldemort's soul is living on the back of his head and that he is trying to get the Stone to revive Voldemort. Quirrell/Voldemort tries to attack Harry but due to the protective spell that his parent's sacrifice gave him, Harry cannot be killed and Quirrell dies while Voldemort's spirit escapes.

In the second book, Ginny Weasley comes into possession of a magic diary and is eventually possessed by Tom Riddle, a manifestation of Voldemort's younger self. Riddle possesses Ginny and makes her open the Chamber of Secrets, which allows a massive snake to terrorise the school and attack students who have non-magic parents. At the end of the book, Harry defeats the snake and destroys the diary, which also makes Tom Riddle's manifestation disappear.

Voldemort makes his next appearance at the end of the fourth book. Voldemort has Harry trapped in a graveyard and his servant, Peter Pettigrew, uses Harry's blood in a potion which gives Voldemort a full body. Because Harry's blood was used in the potion, Voldemort can now "touch" Harry.

Voldemort summons his Death Eaters and tries to kill Harry but their wands connect because they have the same core. The ghosts of Harry's parents distract Voldemort for enough time for Harry to escape.

The Ministry of Magic (the magical government) denies that Voldemort has returned. Voldemort frees his most loyal followers from prison, including Bellatrix Lestrange. Harry also discovers that he and Voldemort can look into each other's minds.

In the battle at the end of the book, Voldemort fights Albus Dumbledore, the most powerful wizard. Voldemort escapes but not before the Minister of Magic sees him and the entire Wizarding World is made aware that Voldemort is back.

Although he does not appear in this book, his past and childhood are looked at. Harry and Dumbledore discover that Voldemort has made Horcruxes (objects which a wizard can put their soul inside so that they live forever). Several of the Horcruxes, including Tom Riddle's diary, have been destroyed but more remain. Voldemort also gives Draco Malfoy the mission of killing Dumbledore, but it is ultimately Professor Snape who does so, although Snape is actually working for Dumbledore.

In the seventh and final book (and its two film adaptations), Harry, Ron and Hermione go on a search for Voldemort's Horcruxes so that they can destroy them and make him mortal. Meanwhile, Voldemort steals the Elder Wand (most powerful wand) from Dumbledore's tomb. 

Voldemort's forces attack Hogwarts because Harry is searching for a Horcrux inside Hogwarts castle. During the battle, Voldemort kills Snape because he believes that Snape is the current Master of the Elder Wand (because Snape killed Dumbledore), but Voldemort doesn't know that the wand actually belongs to Draco, who was the one to disarm Dumbledore.

Harry looks into Snape's memories and finds out that Snape was a secret spy working for Dumbledore because Snape was in love with Harry's mother. In the memories, it is also revealed that Harry is an "accidental Horcrux" because a part of Voldemort's soul lives in him. Harry willingly lets Voldemort kill him, but Voldemort's killing curse instead destroys the part of himself inside Harry, meaning that Harry himself survives.

In the final battle, Voldemort's final Horcrux, a snake named Nagini, is killed. Voldemort tries to use the Elder Wand to kill Harry. However, due to Harry defeating Draco Malfoy (the current Elder Wand Master) earlier in the story, Harry is now the true Master of the Elder Wand. Because the Elder Wand will not kill Harry, Voldemort's killing curse actually hits himself. With no Horcruxes left, Voldemort dies.

Experts generally say Voldemort is a metaphor for fascism and fear of outsiders. He has also been compared to Rick Perry, Dick Cheney. Many people, including author J.K. Rowling, compared Donald Trump to Lord Voldemort after his 2015 proposal to forbid Muslims from entering the United States.

Hogwarts

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J. K. Rowling's best-selling "Harry Potter" series. It is a school of magic for witches and wizards between the ages of eleven and seventeen living in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Scotland.

Gryffindor house was started by Godric Grand Gryffindor, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values courage. Its symbol (animal) is the lion and its colours are scarlet (red-purple) and yellow / goldish yellow. Nearly Headless Nick is the house ghost. The Gryffindors always compete with the Slytherins.

The Gryffindor Common Room (the place where the Gryffindor students spend their time and do their homework) is in one of the castle's towers, at the seventh floor. At the door, there is the Fat Lady, or the Lady who is fat. She lets the students in only after they give her the password (which changes from the beginning of the school year to the end of the school year). The Fat Lady wears a blue dress. In the room there is a place with fire, many chairs and tables, and two pair of stairs which take the girls and boys to their sleeping rooms.

The head of Gryffindor house is Minerva McGonagall.

Hufflepuff house was started by Helga Hufflepuff, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values hard work, patience, friendship and fair play. Its symbol (animal) is the badger and its colours are black and yellow. The Fat Friar is the house ghost.

The Hufflepuff Common Room door is near the kitchens, in the dungeons. It is a quite cozy and welcoming place, not at all like a dungeon. In the room there are yellow hangings and fat armchairs, with little underground tunnels that take the students to their sleeping rooms. The tunnels have round doors like barrel-tops.

The head of Hufflepuff house is Pomona Sprout.


Ravenclaw house was started by Rowena Ravenclaw, from whom it gets its name. The house especially values intelligence. Its symbol (animal) is the eagle (raven in the "Harry Potter" and "Fantastic Beasts" films) and its colours are blue and bronze (blue and silver in the "Harry Potter" and "Fantastic Beasts" films), the house's saying is "Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure". The Grey Lady is the house ghost and when she was alive she was Helena Ravenclaw, daughter of Rowena Ravenclaw.

The Ravenclaw Common Room is in Ravenclaw Tower, on the west side of the Castle. At the door the students must answer a riddle that the eagle-shaped door knocker asks them.

The head of Ravenclaw house is Filius Flitwick.

Slytherin house was started by Salazar Slytherin, from whom it gets the name. The house especially values ambition and determination. Its symbol (animal) is the snake and its colours are green and silver. The Bloody Baron is the house ghost.

The Slytherin Common Room is in the dungeons of Hogwarts and is placed under The Black Lake, in the school grounds.

The house has a negative reputation, with a lot of people saying that it is the house from where almost all dark wizards in Britain, notably Tom Riddle (Voldemort).

The house is usually in competition with the Gryffindor house, as they "don't like each other on principle".

The head of Slytherin house is Severus Snape and in the 7th book Horace Slughorn.

References

Toronto Maple Leafs

The Toronto Maple Leafs are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).

They were formed in 1917 as one of the six original NHL teams. They were called the Toronto Arenas, but changed their name to St. Patricks, then to Maple Leafs, in the 1920s. The maple leaf is a symbol of Canada. The hockey team was actually named for an older team, a minor league baseball team called the Toronto Maple Leafs.

The Maple Leafs have won the Stanley Cup championship 13 times, more than any team except the Montreal Canadiens. However, they have not won since 1967. 

They won in their first year, 1918, and then again in 1922 and 1932. In their early years, they had many NHL scoring champions: "Babe" Dye in 1923 and 1925, "Ace" Bailey in 1929, Harvey "Busher" Jackson in 1932, Charlie Conacher in 1934 and 1935, and Gordie Drillon in 1938. However, no Toronto player has been scoring champion since then.

They were a strong team in the 1940s. They won the Stanley Cup in 1942 against the Detroit Red Wings, four games to three, even though they were losing three games to none at one point. This was the first of six championships in ten years; they also won in 1945, then three years in a row: 1947, 1948, and 1949, and again in 1951. Some of their best players in that time included goaltender Turk Broda, forward Syl Apps, and defence "Babe" Pratt, who won the Hart Trophy as the most valuable player in 1944. Ted "Teeder" Kennedy won the Hart Trophy in 1955; but no other Maple Leaf has won that award.

The team won four Stanley Cups in the 1960s: three in a row - 1962, 1963, and 1964 - and again in 1967. Frank Mahovlich, a left winger, was the star player. They were also led by defenceman Tim Horton (who began the Tim Horton's doughnut shops), center Dave Keon, goaltender Johnny Bower, and winger George Armstrong. Keon won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the top player in the playoffs in 1967.

In the late 1970s, the Maple Leafs were a good team, with players such as centre Darryl Sittler (who scored a record 10 points in one game) and Swedish defence Borje Salming (one of the first Europeans to play in the NHL). However, there were 18 NHL teams by then, so it was hard to come first. Wendel Clark was a strong player in the 1980s; he became the team's all-time top scorer. Mats Sundin was another Swedish star in the 1990s and 2000s. They also had some good goaltenders around this time: Curtis Joseph, then Ed Belfour.

Notes

Detroit Red Wings

The Detroit Red Wings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). 

The Red Wings were formed in 1926. The Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL) folded that year, and many of the players from the WCHL's Victoria Cougars went to play for Detroit. As a result, the team was first called the Detroit Cougars, then later it changed to Detroit Falcons, before becoming known as the Red Wings.

In the late 1940s, the line of Sid Abel, Gordie Howe, and Ted Lindsey became very important to the team. Abel won the Hart Trophy in 1949, and Lindsey won the Art Ross Trophy as scoring champion in 1950. Howe then won six Hart and six Art Ross Trophies between 1951 and 1963. Terry Sawchuck was a star goaltender, who ended up with more career shutouts than any other goalie (103). Red Kelly won the first ever Norris Trophy as best defence. As a result of having such great players, the Red Wings won four Stanley Cups in six years: 1950, 1952, 1954, and 1955. Two of these were very close: they were won in overtime of the 7th and deciding game in 1950 (against the New York Rangers) and 1954 (against the Montreal Canadiens). These are the only two times the NHL championship has gone to overtime of game seven.

The Red Wings continued to be a strong team throughout the 1960. They lost the NHL Finals five times between 1956 and 1966. Norm Ullman was their star center in the 1960s.

They were not a strong team again until the late 1980s. Steve Yzerman became a star at this time. Sergei Fedorov became the first Russian to win the Hart Trophy in 1994. The Red Wings won the President's Cup as top team in the NHL regular season in 1995, 1996 (with a record number of wins), and 2002. They won the Stanley Cup in 1997, 1998, and 2002. Nicklas Lidstrom won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman three times beginning in 2001. The team was one of the richest in the NHL, which helped them get many good players.

The Red Wings have won eleven Stanley Cups, the third most of any team, and the most of the United States teams. They first won in 1936 and 1937, and again in 1943. Ebbie Goodfellow won the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player in 1940. Sid Howe was also a star on the team at this time.



Wayne Gretzky

Wayne Gretzky (born January 26, 1961 in Brantford, Ontario) known as "The Great One", is a Canadian retired ice hockey player. Gretzky played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 20 seasons. He was coach and part-owner of the NHL's Phoenix Coyotes until he stepped down on September 24, 2009. He also managed Canada's Olympic hockey teams in 2002 and 2006, as well as Canada's 2004 World Cup of Hockey team.

The Gretzky family comes from Belarus, or more precisely from the Brest region (the village of Ogdemer), from where his paternal grandfather Terenty Lavrentiyovych Gretzky emigrated. Grandmother Veyna Maria was Ukrainian and comes from Pidhaitsi (now Ternopil region); he and his grandfather spoke Ukrainian to each other. His parents were Walter and Phyllis Gretzky; his father considered Ukrainian his native language. The family had four other children: Kim, Kate, Brent and Glenn.

Gretzky did not emphasize his Ukrainian roots, but at a large fundraising dinner in Toronto in support of the Canadian medical mission to help victims on the Maidan and the ATO on September 11, 2014, Wayne and his wife Janet were introduced to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper as guests of honor.

Wayne signed his first contract at the age of 16 with the Indianapolis Racers. He then played for the National Hockey League (NHL): "Edmonton Oilers", "Los Angeles Kings", "New York Rangers".

Gretzky was a star junior player with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League. When he was a boy he went from a bad first season, to great improvement. But this success also brought criticism because his father pushed Gretzky's success over other young players'. In 1978, when he was 17, he began playing as a professional with the Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), but was sold to the Edmonton Oilers after only a few games. He was third in WHA scoring and rookie of the year.

The WHA folded in 1979, and the Oilers team joined the NHL. At the age of 19, Gretzky won his first Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player (MVP). He won this trophy nine times. In 1981, he won his first of ten Art Ross Trophies as NHL scoring champion. He set many records in the 1980s, including most goals (92), assists (163), and points (215) in a season. In the 1981-82 season, he scored 50 goals in 39 games, when the record had been 50 games. He was named as Sports Illustrated athlete of the year in 1982. He was also called "the greatest player of all time" in "Total Hockey: The Official Encyclopedia of the NHL".

Gretzky won four Stanley Cup championships with the Edmonton Oilers: 1984, 1985, 1987, and 1988. He won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs in 1985 and 1988. Then, in 1988, he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings. He helped them to the finals in 1993. In 1996, he was traded to the St. Louis Blues, and signed with the New York Rangers at the beginning of the 1996-97 season. He retired, and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame, in 1999.

When he retired, he had 2857 career points, over 1000 more than the next highest player. To this day, no one else has reached 2000. He still holds the record for most career goals (894) and assists (1963) (he has more assists than anyone else has points). He holds many other records, such as most 100-point seasons (15), most points in the playoffs (47 in one year and 382 career), and most games in a row with at least one point (51). He was named to the first or second all-star team 15 times and was MVP of the NHL all-star game three times. He had 61 official NHL records when he retired.

In 21 years of playing on the ice (1487 games), Wayne Gretzky broke virtually all NHL records. He has 894 goals and 2857 points. He has won the NHL's most prestigious awards nine times (including "Most Valuable Player" and "Best Scorer").

In the Stanley Cup he played 208 matches, scored 122 goals. Four-time (1984, 1985, 1987, 1988) winner and three-time (1983, 1986, 1993) Stanley Cup finalist.

7 seasons in a row he was named the most productive player in the NHL (1980-1987). Awarded the Order of Canada (1984), member of the Hockey Hall of Fame (1999). Participant in the 18th Winter Olympics (Nagano, 1998), executive director of the Canadian national team at the 19th (Salt Lake City, 2002) and 20th (Turin, 2006) Olympic Games. Since 2005 - head coach, later co-owner of the team "Coyotes" (Phoenix, Arizona, USA).

He set 61 NHL records and was nicknamed the Great for his achievements. For his outstanding contribution to the development of world hockey in 1994, Wayne Gretsky was awarded the Lester Patrick Trophy. The athlete is also recognized as the best NHL hockey player of all time, immortalized in the "Hockey Hall of Fame". Number 99, under which he played, is assigned to him in all NHL teams.

Gretzky's number, #99, was retired by the entire league. He was named Canada's male athlete of the 20th century. He has also been honoured with Canada's highest honour for a civilian: the Order of Canada.

Gretzky married American actress Janet Jones in 1988. They have five children: Paulina, Ty, Trevor, Tristan, and Emma.

Hart Memorial Trophy

The Hart Trophy is given to the most valuable player of the National Hockey League every year. It was given to the NHL by Dr. David Hart, father of NHL coach and manager Cecil Hart. It was first awarded in 1924.

Wayne Gretzky has won the most Hart Trophies with nine, followed by Gordie Howe with six and Eddie Shore with four. Howie Morenz, Bobby Orr, Bobby Clarke, and Mario Lemieux have won the award three times each.

The closest vote for the trophy was in 2002, when Jose Theodore and Jarome Iginla tied; Theodore won because he had more first-place votes. In 1999, Chris Pronger won by one point over Jaromir Jagr; and in 1990, Mark Messier won by two points over Ray Bourque.


Frankfurt

Frankfurt, officially Frankfurt am Main (; Hessian: "Frangford am Maa", "Frank ford on the Main"), is one of the biggest cities in Germany. The city of Frankfurt has a population of 700,000. The metropolitan area, called Rhine-Main after its two biggest rivers, has over four million people. Frankfurt is an important centre for traffic and for the financial business. The Frankfurt International Airport is the largest in Germany, and one of the largest in the world. Frankfurt's train station is one of the largest, and its highway crossing is the centre of Germany's street network. Frankfurt is the seat of the European Central Bank, the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank) and of the biggest German banks, and it has an important stock exchange where shares of German companies are traded.

Frankfurt is on the Main river. The city's name means "ford of the Franks" - a ford is a place in a river where it is so shallow that you can walk through it, and the Franks were a Germanic people which existed in the first millennium. So, this was a place where travellers could cross the river without a boat. The frankish kings built a palace and a church here. Over the centuries, this group of buildings grew to be a big city which was famous for international trade and fairs, like today. Frankfurt was one of the most important cities of the Holy Roman Empire, and its emperors were crowned here. In the 19th century, Frankfurt was the capital of the German Confederation which was founded after the Holy Roman Empire fell apart. During the revolution of 1848, the first freely elected German parliament worked in Frankfurt.

During the Industrial Revolution, many factories and railway lines were built in Frankfurt and its suburbs. In the city centre, a lot of big buildings were built, like an opera house, theatres, stock exchange, railway stations, department stores or museums. Tram lines were constructed to make travelling inside the growing city easier. In World War II, the old city was totally destroyed by airplane bomber attacks. After the war, Germany was divided into two parts, and Frankfurt became the economic capital of West Germany while Bonn was chosen to be the political capital.

Frankfurt is a very international city. Every third inhabitant is not German. Most immigrants come from southeastern Europe, Turkey and North Africa, but there are people from almost every country living in Frankfurt. There are also many international business companies here, and the big airport links Frankfurt with many countries in the world. Many banks are based in Frankfurt, which is why so many are offered there. Frankfurt has some of the tallest buildings in Europe, which is why the city is although called "Mainhattan".

The largest shopping street in Frankfurt is called the Zeil.

"Frankfurter" is also a name for a hot dog, or sausage, because they are said to have originated in the city.

Frankfurt has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

The first Wikimania conference was hosted in this city in 2005.



Hugh Capet of France

Hugh Capet (French: Hugues Capet) (c. 939 – 14 October 996) was King of the Franks from 987 until his death in 996. The Capetian dynasty he started ruled France in an unbroken line for 300 years.

Hugh was born in the winter of 941 and was the son of Hugh the Great and Hedwige of Saxony. His grandfather was King Robert I. His grandmother was Beatrice of Vermandois. She was a Carolingian; a daughter of Herbert I of Vermandois. By this connection he was the fifth great-grandson of Charlemagne through Pepin of Italy.

While still a young man Hugh got the nickname "capet" from the cape he wore. These were tokens of the lay abbacies he held. 

When King Louis V died with no heir Adalbero of Reims made a plea for electing Hugh Capet. He proposed the throne was not a hereditary right but that the king should be the best man for the job. The assembly at Senlis agreed and elected Hugh King of the Franks. 

Capet is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. His tomb effigy was destroyed during the French Revolution.

He married Adelaide of Aquitaine. She was the daughter of William III of Aquitaine. Together they had:


Disney Channel

Disney Channel is a cable television network that is owned by The Walt Disney Company. The channel shows programs that are made for family audiences, mostly pre-teens and teenagers. The channel began on the morning of April 18, 1983. Its programs ran for 18 hours a day until December 1986. From 1983 to 1997, the channel was called The Disney Channel. 
Disney Channel programs shows targeted at preschool-age children on weekdays from 6 a.m.-2 p.m. ET/PT (6-10 a.m. during the summer months) and weekends from 6-9 a.m. ET, called Disney Junior. , the only programming featuring classic Disney characters is "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse" on the Disney Junior block. Other programming in this block includes "Mickey and the Roadster Racers, , Sofia The First," and "Elena of Avalor." 

On May 26, 2010, it was announced that the Playhouse Disney block will be re-branded under the name Disney Junior starting on February 14, 2011 which later became its own digital cable and satellite channel on March 23, 2012, replacing SOAPnet. The Disney Junior channel is a direct competitor to Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. network and PBS and Comcast's PBS Kids Sprout.




List of dog breeds

People have carefully bred dogs for thousands of years. Sometimes they inbreed dogs who have the same close ancestors, and sometimes they mix dogs from very different ancestors or even from different breeds. This continues today, resulting in hundreds of dog breeds, some that are similar to each other, and others that are very different. 

This list includes common breeds, rare breeds, and breeds that are still being developed into new breeds. See each article for more information.ten

Dog breeds are often grouped in different ways, such as:
Dog breeds are also sometimes grouped into similar , such as Mastiff types, spitz types, pit bulls, or Lurchers.

Dog breeds include:
Nonsporting Dogs


































See the lists of dog breeds that these important breed registries allow:

Milli Vanilli

Milli Vanilli was a German musical group, formed in Munich. They consisted of Fab Morvan (born 1966) and Rob Pilatus (1965-1998). They were popular in the late-1980s. In 1990, people found out that the group never sang anything at all. Even at concerts, they pretended to sing (lip synching) while a recording was played. This created controversy and eventually led to the end of Milli Vanilli in 1990.


1706

The year 1706 was a common year which started on a Friday.




Geology

Geology is the study of the nonliving things that the Earth is made of. Geology is the study of rocks in the Earth's crust. People who study geology are called geologists. Some geologists study minerals (mineralogist) and the useful substances the rocks contain such as ores and fossil fuels. Geologists also study the history of the Earth.

Some of the important events in the Earth's history are floods, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, orogeny (mountain building), and plate tectonics (movement of continents). 
Geology is divided into special subjects that study one part of geology. Some of these subjects and what they focus on are:


Rocks can be very different from each other. Some are very hard and some are soft. Some rocks are very common, while others are rare. However, all the different rocks belong to three categories or types, igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic.


All three kinds of rock can be changed by being heated and squeezed by forces in the Earth. When this happens, faults (cracks) may appear in the rock. Geologists can learn a lot about the history of the rock by studying the patterns of the fault lines. Earthquakes are caused when a fault breaks suddenly.

Soil is the stuff on the ground made of lots of particles (or tiny pieces). The particles of soil come from rocks that have broken down, and from rotting leaves and animals bodies. Soil covers a lot of the surface of the Earth. Plants of all sorts grow in soil.

To find out more about types of rocks, see the "rock (geology)" article.
To find out more about soil, see the "soil" article.

Geologists use some simple ideas which help them to understand the rocks they are studying. The following ideas were worked out in the early days of stratigraphy by people like Nicolaus Steno, James Hutton and William Smith:


Pisa

Pisa is a city and a "comune" in Tuscany, Italy. About 90,000 people live in the city. The city has a very long and turbulent history. The "Leaning Tower of Pisa" is a famous landmark of Pisa.




Cheshire

Cheshire is a rural county in England. It is the North West part of the country, just south of Manchester. Cheshire covers 905 square miles (2,344 km2) and had a population of around 1.1 million in 2021. 

Cheshire's county town is the cathedral city of Chester, while its most populated town is Warrington. 

It is most famous for making salt and cheese. Cheshire is made up of lots of little towns including the Borough of Macclesfield, a market town. A main attraction is Kerridge, near one of the western foothills of the Pennines . 

Cayman Islands

The Cayman Islands are a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean Sea. The territory is made up of three islands: Grand Cayman, Little Cayman, and Cayman Brac. Its capital, George Town, is on the main island (Grand Cayman).

The Cayman Islands are governed by the United Kingdom. The Monarch chooses a Governor to represent the territory. The Governor can use his powers freely, but the King still has executive power.

There are no direct taxes that residents and companies have to pay. The government receives most income from indirect taxes. However, there are tourist taxes and airport taxes. 

The Cayman Islands have a Tropical climate. The wet season runs from May to October, and the dry season runs from November to April. 

The Cayman Islands are a popular tourist spot because they have coral reefs. This is why many tourists travel on airplanes or on cruise ships to go snorkeling and scuba diving.

There are three airports in the Cayman Islands. The main one is . It is located on Grand Cayman near George Town, in which the national airline, Cayman Airways is based.


1167

1167 was a common year.


1197

1197 (MCXCVII) was .




1210

1210 (MCCX) was .




E-mail

Electronic mail (or e-mail or email) is an Internet service that allows people who have an e-mail address (accounts) to send and receive electronic letters. Those are much like postal letters, except that they are delivered much faster than snail mail when sending over long distances, and are usually free.

Like with regular mail, users may get a lot of unwanted mail. With e-mail, this is called spam. Some programs used for sending and receiving mail can detect spam and filter it out nearly completely.

To send or receive an email in the traditional way, one needs a device (computer, phone etc.) connected to the Internet and an e-mail program (simply called mailer). Several formats exist for email addresses. The most common, called , looks like user@domain.com. E-mail messages are sent mostly by text, and sometimes by HTML style.

Some companies let people send and receive emails for free from a remote website. Gmail, Hotmail and Yahoo! are among the many that do this kind of "web mail". Webmail does not follow the pattern below exactly because the webpage is a web application and takes care of many details by itself. The traditional way uses a mailer, as is usual with smartphones. 

Microsoft invented its own "communication protocol" (or set of rules) for sending and receiving mail, called "Exchange". Exchange protocol works entirely differently from the traditional method and is not explained here.

This diagram gives an example of what happens when email is sent from one person to another using the traditional method. In this example, Alice is sending email to Bob.




1242

1242 is a common year in the 13th century


The Dillinger Escape Plan

The Dillinger Escape Plan was an American metalcore band. They formed in New Jersey in 1997. They are generally a heavy group, with punk roots and influences from punk bands like The Bronx and Bad Brains.


Queensrÿche

Queensrÿche is an American heavy metal band. They formed in Bellevue, Washington in 1982. They have made 16 studio albums, one extended play (EP), and many DVDs. When the band was made, its members were singer Geoff Tate, guitarists Michael Wilton and Chris DeGarmo, drummer Scott Rockenfield, and bassist Eddie Jackson.

Queensrÿche has sold over 20 million albums. They were one of the main bands that made progressive metal music in the 1980s. Many people say that "", an album they released in 1988, is one of the best heavy metal concept albums ever made. The band has been nominated for Grammy Awards three times.


Midnight Oil

Midnight Oil is an New Zealand rock band. They formed in Auckland in 1976. The band became famous for its soft-rock sound and calming live performances. The band was politically active supporting environmentalist and indigenous causes.

Jon Bon Jovi

John Francis Bongiovi (born March 2, 1962 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey) better known as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American musician and actor. He is best known as the lead singer of the hard-rock band, Bon Jovi.

In 1983, Jon was one of the founding members of Bon Jovi. Earlier he sang in bands "Starz" and "Atlantic City Expressway".

In 2006, Jon was ranked in 31st place out of 100 the best vocalist in history.

He starred in 18 films, last time in 2011.

On the Waterfront

On the Waterfront is a 1954 American movie about mob violence among longshoremen (people who unload ships) in New Jersey. Directed by Elia Kazan, it stars Marlon Brando, Eva Marie Saint and Karl Malden.

The movie won eight Academy Awards: for Best Picture, Best Actor (Brando), Best Supporting Actress (Saint), Best Art Direction, Best Director (Kazan), Best Cinematography (Boris Kaufman), Best Film Editing (Gene Milford) and Best Original Screenpaly (Budd Schulberg). The catchphrase, "I could've been a contender", is said by Terry Malloy. In 2005, it ranked third on AFI's list of the one hundred most famous quotes in movie history . Five years earlier, it was the eighth most popular movie on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.

Faith No More

Faith No More is an alternative metal band. They were formed by bassist Billy Gould, drummer Mike Bordin, and keyboarder Roddy Bottum in San Francisco, California, USA, in 1981 and broke up on April 20, 1998. However, they got back together in 2009 and have continued playing since.

They became successful with singer Mike Patton in the early 1990s. Their biggest hits were "Epic" and the cover song "Easy", originally from Lionel Richie.

So far, Faith No More has released six studio albums, which include:

The Pretenders

The Pretenders are an English rock and punk rock band. They formed in Hereford in 1978.

Schindler's List

Schindler's List is a 1993 American historical drama movie set in World War II, and directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on "Schindler's Ark", a 1982 book by Thomas Keneally. The movie and the book owe their names to the list of over a thousand Jews who worked in the title character's factory to rescue them from destruction by the Nazis.

It is about businessman Oskar Schindler who saves thousands of Jews from being killed in the Holocaust by putting them to work in a factory. His list was the list of Jews he wanted to save from the Nazi’s in Nazi Occupied Poland, where Jews were normally sent to Concentration camps operated by the SS during the Holocaust from 1941 to 1945 .

"Schindler's List" featured on a number of "best of" lists, including the "TIME" magazine's Top Hundred as selected by critics Richard Corliss and Richard Schickel, "Time Out" magazine's 100 Greatest Films Centenary Poll conducted in 1995, and Leonard Maltin's "100 Must See Movies of the Century". The Vatican named "Schindler's List" among the most important 45 movies ever made. A Channel 4 poll named "Schindler's List" the ninth greatest movie of all time, and it ranked fourth in their 2005 war movies poll. The movie was named the best of 1993 by critics such as James Berardinelli, Roger Ebert, and Gene Siskel. The movie was designated by the Library of Congress in 2004 and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry. Spielberg won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film for his work, and shared the Producers Guild of America Award for Best Theatrical Motion Picture with co-producers Branko Lustig and Gerald R. Molen. Steven Zaillian won the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

It was nominated for twelve Academy Awards, winning seven, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Original Score, and won numerous other awards, including seven BAFTAs and three Golden Globe Awards. The movie also won numerous other awards and nominations worldwide.

Among others such as "Citizen Kane" and "Sunset Boulevard", it has been called one of the greatest movies ever. In 1998, the American Film Institute selected it as the ninth most popular of all time in their 100 Years... 100 Movies list.

In February 1997, NBC aired a version without cuts of the movie (in two parts), much to the upset of many viewers. It was the first time a television broadcast had ever received the TV-M rating (soon to be called TV-MA).


Chlorofluorocarbon

A chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) is a gas used for various purposes including solvents, refrigerants, and aerosol sprays. They are organic chemicals and contain carbon, hydrogen, chlorine, and fluorine. They were much used in the middle of the 20th century, replacing chemicals that were toxic or flammable or had other problems. 

In 1978, Sweden became the first country that banned CFC products. Later, the US and Canada did the same. Now, CFC products are not allowed in most countries, because they cause ozone depletion. CFCs are greenhouse gases. An alternative to chlorofluorocarbons is hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). These do not destroy the ozone layer or increase global warming.


Singin' in the Rain

Singin' in the Rain is a 1952 American movie musical romantic comedy movie starring Gene Kelly. It was directed by Kelly and Stanley Donen. It is set in Los Angeles, California in 1927. It gives an amusing look at Hollywood's change from silent movies to "talkies".

It is considered to be among the best movie musicals ever made.

Shooting on the movie began on June 18, 1951, and ended on November 21.

North and South

North and South is a novel by John Jakes. It is the first of three books about two friends who must fight against each other during the American Civil War.

"North and South" had two sequels. They are called "Love and War" and "Heaven and Hell". The books were written in 1982, 1984, and 1987. 

There were also TV versions made. Three miniseries were done in 1985, 1986, and 1994. The two main characters were played by James Read and Patrick Swayze (Swayze's character does not appear in the third part).

Apparatus

Apparatus can refer to:


Internet Movie Database

Internet Movie Database (or IMDb for short) is an online database of information (facts) about actors, movies, TV shows, and video games. The IMDb database started in October 1990, moved to the World Wide Web in 1993, and has been owned by Amazon.com since 1998.


Chicago Blackhawks

The Chicago Blackhawks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were formed in 1926, named after the 333rd Machine Gun Battalion of the 86th Infantry Division during World War I which was nicknamed the "Blackhawk Division". The division was named after Chief Black Hawk, a native American leader. The team has won the Stanley Cup Championship six times, in 1933, 1937, 1961, 2010, 2013 also in 2015.

The Regina Capitals were a team in the Western Canada Hockey League until 1925, when they moved and became the Portland Rosebuds. One year later, the league folded. Most of the Portland players then played for the new Chicago team in the NHL.

In the 1930s, Charlie Gardiner was a star goaltender for the team. Players on the Blackhawks won four scoring titles (Art Ross Trophy) in the 1940s: Doug Bentley in 1943, his brother Ben in 1946 and 1947, and Roy Conacher in 1949. Max Bentley also won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player in 1946. Goalie Al Rollins won the Hart Trophy in 1954. By 1960, however, the team had only made the Stanley Cup final four times, winning the Cup in 1934 and 1938, and losing in 1931 and 1944.

The team was much stronger in the 1960s. Bobby Hull led the NHL in goals seven times, more than any other player. He also won three Art Ross and two Hart Trophies. Stan Mikita won four Art Ross and two Hart Trophies. Between them, they led the NHL in scoring seven times in nine years. Star goaltender Glenn Hall was an all-star many times; and Pierre Pilote won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman three times. The Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup in 1961, and also made the finals in 1962 and 1965. Goalie Tony Esposito led them to the finals in 1971 and 1973.

Since that time, they have had many star players such as Doug Wilson, Steve Larmer, Jeremy Roenick, and Tony Amonte; but they have not won the Cup since 1961, the longest wait of any NHL team. They won the Presidents' Trophy as the top team in the regular season in 1991, and made the finals again in 1992, partly due to Ed Belfour (who won two Vezina Trophies as best goaltender) and Chris Chelios (who won two Norris Trophies on Chicago). As of 2006, however, they have only made the playoffs once in the last eight years.

The mascot of the Chicago Blackhawks is named Tommy Hawk. He was introduced in the 2001–02 NHL season. He wears the Blackhawks' four feathers on his head and also wears a Blackhawks jersey and hockey pants. Tommy Hawk sometimes participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck with the fans.

The Blackhawks have their own official fight song called, "Here Come the Hawks!" which is also an introduction for them. A song that was called "Keys to the City" was given to the Blackhawks organization as a gift by Ministry & Co Conspirators. After the Blackhawks score a goal at the United Center they play the song "Chelsea Dagger" by The Fratellis.

In 1985, during the Campbell Conference playoff game, a tradition was started where the Blackhawks fans would cheer and applaud loudly during the singing of the national anthem. This is still done today.

Jonathan Toews was named the team's captain prior to the 2008-09 season opener which made him the third-youngest captain at the time. The Blackhawks led the NHL in home attendance with a total of 912,155, averaging 22,247 fans per game during to the 2008-09 season. The number of attendance also included the Winter Classic at Wrigley Field which had 40,818 fans in attendance.

The Blackhawks acquired forward Marián Hossa and signed him to a 12-year contract which was worth 62.8 million dollars. The deal also included Tomas Kopecky, John Madden, and Richard Petiot. Due to the salary cap, the Blackhawks were forced to give up a bunch of their players.

On June 9, 2010 The Blackhawks won their first Stanley Cup in 49 years when Patrick Kane scored the game-winning overtime goal as they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers in game 6 of the best-of-7 series.

On June 24, 2013, the team won their fifth Stanley Cup after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. They were down 2–1 and scored two goals from Bryan Bickell and Dave Bolland 1:16 and 0:58.3 (17 seconds apart) to win 3-2.

On June 15, 2015, the Blackhawks won their third Stanley Cup championship in six years after they defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning 4 games to 2 in the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals. It was their first Stanley Cup win on home ice since 1938.

In 2021, former player Kyle Beach came out and said that he was sexually assaulted by then-video coach Brad Alrich. Beach sued the Blackhawks for not properly handling the incident or filing a report with the police. After a four month investigation, it showed that team president John McDonough, executive vice president Jay Blunk, general manager Stan Bowman, assistant general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff, and head coach Joel Quenneville met before the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals and decided not to take action on Alrich until the Finals were over. Aldrich was allowed to quit after the team's victory. After the results were released, Bowman and senior director of hockey operations Al MacIsaac quit. The team was fined $2 million by the NHL. Kyle Davidson became the general manager. McDonough, Bowman, Blunk, and MacIssac were banned from the NHL and need permission if they want another job in the league. On October 28, Joel Quenneville quit as head coach of the Florida Panthers after he met with NHL commissioner Gary Bettman. Cheveldayoff was cleared by Bettman. Beach and the Blackhawks settled the lawsuit on December 15.

On May 8, 2023, the Blackhawks won the 2023 NHL Draft lottery and the opportunity to draft first overall in the 2023 NHL Entry Draft. With the first overall pick, the Blackhawks drafted Connor Bedard.


Cape Verde

Cape Verde () or Cabo Verde (, ) (, ), officially the Republic of Cabo Verde, is an island country in Africa. It is a group of islands in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Western Africa. The islands cover a combined area of slightly over . They have a volcanic origin.

Cape Verde is one of Macaronesia's group of islands.

The Portuguese explorer Dinis Dias (or Denis Fernadez) discovered in 1445 a peninsula along the coast of Senegal that he named Cap-Vert (Dias named it "Cabo Verde", "verde" being Portuguese for "green", a reference to the vegetation in the area). Dias did not discover the "Cape Verde Islands", but rather the actual cape.

This peninsula is the westernmost point of the African continent.

The first Europeans to arrive in Cape Verde were the Portugueses Diogo Gomes and Antonio da Noli in 1460. The islands were uninhabited, and the first settlement was founded in 1462 on the island of Santiago (the main Island) which was divided into two “capitanias”, Alcatrazes and Ribeira Grande. The first one failed and the main activity in Ribeira Grande was the exploitation of cotton farms. Ribeira Grande served also as a slave trade post and as post of slave Christianization before they were sent to the New World.

The city suffered several pirate raids and for this reason in 1712, after a French attack, the authorities were forced to move the capital to Praia, where it is located until now. Cape Verde had the status of Portuguese colony until 1951 when Portugal changed its status to Overseas Province and in 1961 Portugal gave full citizenship to all Cape Verdeans.

Cape Verde has been independent of Portugal since 5th July 1975. The fight for independence was led by the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC) and headed by Amílcar_Cabral, the national hero of both countries, Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau.

The Cape Verde archipelago is in the Atlantic Ocean, approximately off the coast of West Africa, near Senegal, Gambia and Mauritania, and is a part, together with the Azores, Madeira, Savage Islands and Canary Islands, of the Macaronesia ecological region. It lies between the latitudes 14°N and 18°N, and the longitudes 22°W and 26°W.

The country is an archipelago with a total area of . It is formed by ten islands (nine inhabited) and several very small islands (islets) divided into two groups, arranged according to the prevailing wind direction:

The largest islands are, to the southeast, Santiago, where lies Praia, the capital and largest city of the country, and the island of Santo Antão, in the extreme northwest. Praia is also the main population centre of the archipelago, followed by Mindelo on the island of São Vicente.


The sun shines 350 days a year and temperatures range between . The breeze (a gentle to moderate wind) blows constantly from the ocean at a relatively low average humidity of 40% to 60%.

The Cape Verde Islands only have two seasons: The "Tempo das Brisas" ("Time of the winds") from October to mid-July and the "Tempo das chuvas" ("Rainy season") from August to September, when there may be heavy tropical rainfall. The coolest months are January and February (average temperature of 21 °C), where temperatures can drop down to 16 °C; the warmest is the month of September (up to 36 °C) with an average temperature of 27 °C.

Otherwise, the islands of Barlavento (Santo Antão, São Vicente, São Nicolao, Boa Vista, Sal, Santa Luzia, Branco and Razo) are always somewhat cooler than those of the Sotavento (Maio, Santiago, Fogo and Brava), where summers can be quite hot.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate of Praia (Cabo Verde) is Bwh (Tropical and Subtropical Desert Climate).

Cape Verde's isolation has resulted in the islands having a number of endemic species, particularly birds and reptiles, many of which are endangered by human development. Endemic birds include Alexander's Swift ("Apus alexandri"), Bourne's Heron ("Ardea purpurea bournei"), the Raso Lark ("Alauda razae"), the Cape Verde Warbler ("Acrocephalus brevipennis"), and the Iago Sparrow ("Passer iagoensis"). The islands are also an important breeding area for seabirds including the Cape Verde Shearwater. Reptiles include the Cape Verde Giant Gecko ("Tarentola gigas").

Cape Verde is divided into 22 municipalities ("concelhos") and subdivided into 32 parishes ("freguesias").

Cape Verde is a representative parliamentary republic. The constitution —adopted in 1980 and revised in 1992, 1995 and 1999— defines the basic principles of its government. The president is the head of state and is elected for a 5-year term; the Prime Minister is the head of government. The Prime Minister is nominated by the National Assembly and appointed by the President.

The economic resources of Cape Verde are largely dependent on agriculture and fishing. Agriculture frequently suffers the effects of droughts. The most important crops are coffee, bananas, sugar cane, tropical fruits, corn, beans, sweet potato, and cassava. The industrial sector is incipient but is based on the production of “aguardente” (spirits from sugar cane), clothing and footwear, paints and varnishes, tourism, fishing and canned fish, and salt extraction. Banana, canned fish, frozen fish, lobsters, salt, and clothes are the main exports. The national currency is the Cape Verdean escudo. Remittances from emigration are another important source of resources for the State of Cape Verde.

In Cape Verde, the annual rate of population growth and mortality are low, compared to average rates of other middle-income countries. The average life expectancy is 66 years and 71 years respectively for men and women. The resident population in the country is estimated at 500,000 inhabitants. There are an estimated additional one million Cape Verdeans living abroad, mainly in the United States, Western Europe, and Africa. Cape Verde has a young population with an average age of 23 years.

Cape Verdean culture is a unique mixture of European and African elements. Corn is the staple food of Cape Verde. The national or traditional dish is "cachupa", which is a stew of hominy (dried maize kernals), beans, and whatever meat or vegetables may be available. Other common foods include rice, beans, fish, potatoes and manioc. A traditional breakfast is a steamed cornbread, eaten with honey and milk or coffee. Grogue, or sugar cane liquor, is manufactured on the islands and is a popular drink, particularly among the men. Cape Verdean music incorporates Portuguese, Caribbean, and African influences. Popular genres include morna, funaná, batuque, coladeira, and cola san jon.

In Cape Verde, other than private clinics, the government guarantees a public health system which comprises several healthcare centers and three central hospitals (Hospital Agostinho Neto, in Praia, Hospital Baptista de Sousa, in São Vicente, and Hospital Regional de Santiago Norte, in Assomada). The cost of public health is supported by the government, but users must pay a fee which varies in accordance with the capacity of the user to afford it.
After independence, the different governments of Cape Verde invested massively in education and illiteracy has been reduced drastically. Today almost one hundred percent of school-age children attend school. Attendance to primary schooling, which comprises 6 years, is compulsory and free of any charge. Education is guaranteed by a network of public schools that span from nursery school to university. There are also several private schools in all levels of education.


Madeira

Madeira is a Portuguese archipelago that lies between and , just under north of Tenerife, Canary Islands, in the north Atlantic Ocean and an outermost region of the European Union.

The archipelago comprises the major part of one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal (the other being the Azores located to the northwest), that includes the islands of Madeira, Porto Santo, and the Desertas, administered together with the separate archipelago of the Savage Islands.

The name Madeira could be used for the autonomous region, the geographical group of islands or just the island of Madeira. These islands are part of the Macaronesia.

Madeira's official written history began in 1418, when two captains under service to Prince Henry the Navigator, João Gonçalves Zarco and Tristão Vaz Teixeira, were pushed by a storm to an island which they named Porto Santo (English: "holy harbour"). The following year, an organised expedition was sent to this new land to take possession of the island on behalf of the Portuguese crown. Later, the new settlers saw an island to the southwest, and so the larger island of Madeira was discovered.

The islands were found to be completely uninhabited, and their colonization by the Portuguese began around 1420 or 1425. To get the minimum conditions for the development of agriculture, they had to cut part of the dense forest and to construct a large number of canals ("levadas") to carry water, since in some parts of the island there was excess water, while in others water was scarce. During this period, fish constituted about half of the settlers' diet, together with vegetables and fruits cultivated from small pieces of land. Initially, these colonists produced wheat for their own subsistence, but later the quantity cultivated was sufficient to begin sending wheat to continental Portugal.

On the 23 September 1433, the name "Ilha da Madeira" (English: "Madeira Island", or literally "island of wood") began to appear in the first documents and maps. The name given to the islands corresponded to the large dense forests of native trees that covered the island.

However, when wheat production began to fall, the crisis forced to plant other commercial crops. They brought from Sicily plants of sugarcane to produce sugar. After the 17th century, as sugar production went to Brazil, São Tomé and Príncipe and elsewhere, Madeira's most important product became its wine.

As other islands of the Macaronesia, the Madeira islands are of volcanic origin and with a subtropical climate.

The archipelago is in the African plate, in the Atlantic Ocean between the latitudes 30° and 33° north, southwest of Lisbon and, about west of the African coast, almost at the same latitude as Casablanca.

The Madeira islands have a total area of . Their individual areas vary between of the largest island (Madeira) to of the Savage Islands.
Of the eight islands, only the two largest (Madeira and Porto Santo) are inhabited, having as main accesses, the Madeira Airport in Funchal and the one in Porto Santo. By sea, Funchal has a port that receives different ships, especially cruise ships. The remaining islands are nature reserves.
The territory of the archipelago contains two main islands: the islands of Madeira and Porto Santo; besides these, there are two groups of uninhabited islands, the Desertas and Savages.

The island of Madeira has a very irregular and uneven terrain, being the highest points the peaks "Pico Ruivo" (1862 m), "Pico das Torres" (1851 m), "Pico do Ariero" (1818 m) and "Pico do Juncal" (1800 m). The northern coast is dominated by high cliffs.

The island of Porto Santo, on the other hand, has a completely different geomorphological formation of the island of Madeira. It is very flat where only small plants grow and the soils are poor and not very good for agriculture. This island has some peaks, particularly in the north, and the " Pico do Facho" (517 m) is the highest point of elevation in the island, followed by "Pico Branco" (450 m).

The highest point of Desertas Islands is "Pedregal" (442 m) in Deserta Grande, and of Selvagens Islands is "Pico da Atalaia" (153 m), in Selvagem Grande.

The average temperature for the year in Funchal, Madeira island, is 19 °C (66.2 °F). The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of 22.6 °C (72.7 °F). The coolest month on average is February, with an average temperature of 16.1 °C (61.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Funchal is 596.9 mm (23.5"). The month with the most precipitation on average is December with 109.2 mm (4.3") of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of 2.5 mm (0.1"). There are an average of 87 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in December with 13 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 1 days.

For the Villa de Porto Santo, Porto Santo island, the average temperature for the year is 17.8 °C (64.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of 21.7 °C (71.0 °F). The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 15 °C (59.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Villa de Porto Santo is 375.9 mm (14.8"). The month with the most precipitation on average is January with 61 mm (2.4") of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of 2.5 mm (0.1").

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate of Funchal (Madeira) and Villa de Porto Santo (Porto Santo) is Csb (Mediterran Climate).

The climate of Desertas islands and partes of Porto Santo is semi-arid (Bs) and in the Savage islands is a desert climate (Bw).

In 1976 Madeira became one of the two autonomous regions of the Republic of Portugal (Azores is the other) under the Portuguese name "Região Autónoma da Madeira", with its own executive and a regional legislature. The current president of the regional government is Miguel Albuquerque. The main offices of the regional government are in Funchal, making this city the capital of the region.

Administratively, the Autonomous Region of Madeira (with a population of 267,785 inhabitants in 2011 and covering an area of ) is organised into 11 "municípios", of which 10 are in the island of Madeira and one in Porto Santo. Municipalities are further divided into 54 "freguesias", 53 in Madeira and 1 in Porto Santo.
According to the 2011 Census, the total population in the Autonomous Region of Madeira was 267,785: 126,268 men and 141,517 women. The density for the whole region is persons/km; calculating the density taking in account only the inhabited islands (Madeira and Porto Santo), the density would be inhabitants/km.

The region of Madeira is home to a great and important biodiversity, with an estimated 7,571 terrestrial species for the whole archipelago. The total number of endemic species and subspecies is about 1,419 (1,286 species and 182 sub-species), which represents 19% of the overall species diversity.

The most known environment of the archipelago is its Laurel forest (laurisilva) which still extends over 15,000 hectares or 20% of the archipelago. These forests, very rich in biodiversity, are the largest and best-preserved Laurel forests in the entire Macaronesia region. They are home to unique plant and animal species, including the famous Trocaz Pigeon or Madeira Laurel Pigeon ("Columba trocaz"), and the Madeira Kinglet ("Regulus madeirensis"). The most threatened bird of Europe, the Madeiran or Zino’s Petrel ("Pterodroma madeira") inhabits the highest cliffs in the Central Mountainous Massif of the Madeira island.

In the sea around Madeira there are numerous species of marine mammals, including 28 species of cetaceans and the critically endangered Mediterranean Monk Seal ("Monachus monachus").

There are 6 protected areas in the Madeira Archipelago, including the Madeira Natural Park. This park, which covers over 2/3 of Madeira Island and includes the entire Laurel forest, is a European Council Biogenetic Reserve since 1992, and a UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site since 1999. Additionally, 11 sites in the whole archipelago are part of the Natura 2000 network and 11 other sites are designated Important Bird Areas.

The local economy is based mainly on agriculture and tourism, the main resource. Agriculture produces bananas, flowers, and Madeira wine which is exported. The industrial area is not very diverse and they are relationated with food, beverages, tobacco and construction.


Cameroon

Cameroon (officially called the Republic of Cameroon) is a country in Central Africa. Its capital is Yaoundé. The largest city in Cameroon is Douala. The population of Cameroon is about 20 million. Cameroon's president is Paul Biya. They speak nearly 250 languages in Cameroon. French and English are the official languages.

At , Cameroon is the world's 53rd-largest country. It is about the size of Papua New Guinea. The country is in Central and West Africa on the Bight of Bonny, part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean. The country's neighbours are Nigeria to the west; Chad to the northeast; the Central African Republic to the east; and Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and the Republic of the Congo to the south.

The constitution divides Cameroon into 10 regions. On 12 November 2008, the President changed the divisions from provinces to regions. Each region is headed by a presidentially appointed governor.

The regions are divided into 58 divisions. These are headed by presidentially appointed divisional officers.

Some of the largest cities in Cameroon are:
The official languages of Cameroon are French and English. It is part of both the British Commonwealth and La Francophonie. Most people speak French, English is only spoken in the Northwest and Southwest regions of the country, formerly under British control.



Guinea-Bissau

Guinea-Bissau is a country in Africa. It borders Senegal to the north, Guinea to the south. The official language is Portuguese, and the capital is Bissau. About 1,442,000 people live in Guinea-Bissau as of 2006. The country was a Portuguese colony in the 19th century. At that time is was called Portuguese Guinea. It became independent in 1973. In 1974, the name of the country's capital was added so that it would not be confused with the neighboring country Guinea.

Guinea-Bissau is divided into 8 regions and one autonomous sector. These are divided into thirty-seven sectors. The regions are:

Mauritius

The Republic of Mauritius is an island nation in the Mascarene Islands. It includes Rodrigues, Agaléga and St. Brandon as well as Mauritius. It was formerly ruled by the European countries: France, Portugal, and the United Kingdom, but is now independent from these all European Colonies.

Port Louis is its capital. In the 2000 census, the country had a population of 1,178,848 people. The country is prosperous, and trades mainly with South Africa and Indian Sub Continent.
The island of Mauritius was the home of the dodo.

The island is in the southwest Indian Ocean. It is about east of Madagascar. The country includes the island of Mauritius as well as the islands of St. Brandon, Rodrigues and the Agalega Islands. Mauritius is part of the Mascarene Islands along with the French island of Réunion to the southwest.

The Mauritian flag is made up of four colours of equal width. 
The colours represent the following:

Mauritius, an island of volcanic origin sheltered by barriers of coral reefs forming natural, safe, crystal clear lagoons, has long been a dream destination. Known to the Arabs as early as the 10th century, but officially explored by the Portuguese in the 16th century and subsequently settled by the Dutch in the 17th century. The Dutch were the ones who named the island in honor of Prince Maurits van NASSAU. 
Mauritius was occupied successively by the Dutch (1598-1712) and later by the French (1715-1810). The French assumed control in 1715, developing the island into an important naval base overseeing the Indian Ocean trade, and establishing a plantation economy of sugar cane. 
The British captured the island in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars through the Treaty of Paris. Mauritius remained a strategically important British naval base, and later on, an air station playing an important role during World War II for anti-submarine and convoy operations, as well as the collection of signals intelligence. On 12 March 1968, Mauritius became Independent.


It's a Wonderful Life

It's a Wonderful Life is a 1946 movie directed by Frank Capra. It inspired the story similar to "A Christmas Carol".



Djibouti

Djibouti (officially called the Republic of Djibouti) is a country on the eastern coast of Africa. The capital city is also called Djibouti.

Djibouti gained its independence from France on June 27, 1977. The country was created out of the French Somaliland (later called the French Territory of the Afars and Issas), which was created in the 1800s as a result of French colonialism in Africa.

In 2020, about 920,000 people lived there. It is one of the least populous countries in Africa. Two ethnic groups, the Somali and the Afar people, account for most of the people living in the country.

Djibouti joined the United Nations on September 20, 1977. It is also a member of the Arab League, as well as the African Union and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD).

The history of Djibouti goes back thousands of years when it was part of the Sabean Empire (Ethiopia) to a time when Djiboutians traded hides and skins for the perfumes and spices of ancient Egypt, Pakistan, and China. Through close contacts with the Arabian peninsula for more than 1,000 years, the Somali and Afar tribes in this region became among the first on the African continent to accept Islam. Djibouti is a Muslim country which regularly takes part in Islamic as well as Arab meetings.

The country is close to a narrow part of the Red Sea so it is considered an important area from a military viewpoint.

The Djiboutians () are the people inhabiting or originating from Djibouti (including their diaspora). The country is mainly composed of two ethnic groups, the Somali and the Afar. It has many languages - though Somali and Afar are the most widely spoken ones, Arabic and French serve as the official languages. There is a small Djiboutian diaspora in North America, Europe, and Australia.

Djibouti is near to the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Eritrea in the north, Ethiopia in the west and south, and Awdal of Somalia in the southeast. The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden at the east.

In the Great Rift Valley the rift between the African Plate and the Somali Plate meet the Arabian Plate. This makes a geologic tripoint that is the lowest place in Africa.

Djibouti has eight mountain ranges with peaks of over 1,000 m (3,281 ft). The Mousa Ali range is the country's highest mountain range.

The Grand Bara desert covers parts of southern Djibouti.

Most species of wildlife are found in the northern part of the country, in the ecosystem of the Day Forest National Park. This forest area is the main habitat of the endangered and endemic Djibouti francolin (a bird).

Djibouti is divided into six administrative regions, with Djibouti city representing one of the official regions. It is further subdivided into twenty districts.

The people of Djibouti are mostly Muslim. Islam is observed by 94% of Djibouti's population (about 740,000) (2010 estimate). The remaining six percent follow Christianity.

The Republic of Djibouti names Islam as the only state religion. The Constitution of 1992 provides for the equality of citizens of all faiths as well as the freedom to practise any religion.

Association football is the most popular sport in Djibouti. The country became a member of FIFA in 1994. They have only played in qualifying rounds for both the African Cup of Nations and FIFA World Cup.

The country is linked to Ethiopia by way of the Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway.


Mauritania

Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa. The capital city, which is also the biggest city in the country, is Nouakchott. It is on the Atlantic coast. Its president is General Mohamed Ould Ghazouani.

At 1,030,700 km² (397,929 mi²), Mauritania is the world's 29th-largest country (after Bolivia). It is similar in size to Egypt. The land is flat in most places.

Mauritania is almost 100% Muslim, most of whom are Sunni. People can be killed in Mauritania for being an atheist. On 27 April 2018, The National Assembly passed a law that allows for the death penalty for certain apostasy-related crimes.

Modern Standard Arabic is the official language of Mauritania. Hassaniya is the Arabic dialect that is widely spoken throughout the country. It is mostly used in daily life.

There are also some Berber languages that are spoken in Mauritania. In de south Zenaga is spoken and close to the border with Mali in the southeast Tamasheq (a variety of Tuareg) is spoken. Zenaga is only spoken by a few hundred peoples and seems to be close to disappearance.

As Mauritania is a former colony of France, it is now part of the Francophonie. French is spoken including African French and Maghreb French.

There are several Niger-Congo languages that are spoken in Mauritania. These are Wolof, Soninke, Pulaar and Bambara.

Mauritania is rich in natural resources but has a low GDP. Many people living in Mauritania depend on farming and livestock. Mauritania has a large deposit of iron ore, which is almost half of the country's total exports.

Lake Huron

Lake Huron is one of North America's five Great Lakes. It is the third one up from the mouth. Like Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, and Lake Superior, it is also part of the boundary between the USA and Canada. The Huronian glaciation, billions of years ago, is named for the lake.

Lake Huron is more than 200 miles (325 km) long and is as much as 750 feet (230 m) deep. Many boats and ships go back and forth on Lake Huron, carrying useful things such as iron ore.

Lake Huron borders the Canadian province of Ontario and the American state of Michigan. There are no large cities on Lake Huron, but there are some small cities such as Sarnia, Ontario and Bay City, Michigan. 

The water that flows out of Lake Huron goes through a river that flows past Detroit, Michigan. The water then flows into Lake Erie on its way to the ocean.

On 1996 an hurricane-like storm appeared on Lake Huron, while the National Hurricane Center was not sure to call it a hurricane or not. Because the storm formed over Lake Huron and that it did not get a name from the NHC, many people nicknamed the storm, "Hurricane Huron".

Reunion

Reunion could mean:









Réunion

Réunion () is an island of France. It is also a region of France and an overseas department of France, meaning France owns the island nation. It is in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar, about 200 km (125 miles) southwest of Mauritius. Its capital is Saint-Denis. The highest point in La Reunion is La piton des neiges. The island is also famous for its black beaches, even though people think that there are white beaches. The island is 63 kilometres (39 mi) long; 45 kilometres (28 mi) wide; and covers 2,512 square kilometres (970 sq mi). It is similar to the island Hawaii as both are above hotspots in the Earth's crust.

The Piton de la Fournaise, a shield volcano on the eastern end of Réunion Island, rises more than 2,631 metres (8,632 ft) above sea level and is sometimes called a sister to Hawaiian volcanoes because of the similarity of climate and volcanic nature. It has erupted more than 100 times since 1640 and is under constant monitoring. It most recently erupted on 2 January 2010. Before that, the most noticeable was during April 2007, when the lava flow was estimated at 3,000,000 cubic metres (3,900,000 cu yd) per day. The Piton de la Fournaise is created by a hotspot volcano, which also created the Piton des Neiges and the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues.

The Piton des Neiges volcano, the highest point on the island at 3,070 metres (10,070 ft) above sea level, is northwest of the Piton de la Fournaise. Collapsed calderas and canyons are southwest of the mountain. Like Kohala on the Big Island of Hawaii, the Piton des Neiges is an extinct volcano. Despite its name, snow (French: neige) practically never falls on the summit.

Lake Erie

Lake Erie is one of the Great Lakes in North America. It is the second to the last in the Great Lake system before water flows into the St. Lawrence River. Like Lake Superior, Lake Huron, and Lake Ontario, Lake Erie is part of the boundary between the USA and Canada. In 1813 a naval battle was fought on the lake.

Most of the water that flows into Lake Erie flows through a small river, the Detroit River, that moves water down from Lake St. Clair past Detroit, Michigan. Some more water flows into Lake Erie from other rivers, including the Maumee and the Cuyahoga. At the foot of the Maumee is Toledo, Ohio. At the bend of the Cuyahoga is Cleveland, Ohio.

Water that flows out of Lake Erie flows past Buffalo, New York, and into the Niagara River. The river pours over Niagara Falls, one of the largest waterfalls in North America, and then into the lowest of all the Great Lakes, Lake Ontario. 

Mali

Mali (Bambara: ߡߊߟߌ, Fula: 𞤃𞤢𞥄𞤤𞤭, ), officially the Republic of Mali (; Bambara: ߡߊߟߌ ߞߊ ߝߊߛߏߖߊߡߊߣߊ); Fula: 𞤈𞤫𞤲𞥆𞤣𞤢𞥄𞤲𞤣𞤭 𞤃𞤢𞥄𞤤𞤭, ) is a landlocked country (a country entirely surrounded by land) in West Africa. Mali is bordered by Algeria on the north, Niger on the east, Burkina Faso and the Côte d'Ivoire on the south, Guinea on the south-west, and Senegal and Mauritania on the west. Physical features of Mali include the Sahara desert in the north, with the Niger River and Sénégal River in the southern part of the country. As of a July 2021 estimate, Mali has a population of approximately /1e6 round 1 million people. Mali has a total area of . Most of the people live in the southern part of the country. Mali's capital and most populated city is Bamako.

The Mandé people founded several kingdoms in the Sahel. This was a big area that included Mali. These kingdoms included the Ghana Empire, the Mali Empire, and the Songhai Empire. Timbuktu was an important city in these empires because a lot of trade across the Sahara Desert went there. Timbuktu was also a good place for learning. The Songhai Empire became much smaller after a Moroccan attack in 1591.

France invaded Mali in 1880. After that, France owned Mali. France gave Mali the names "French Sudan" and the "Sudanese Republic". At some times it also included other nearby countries. In early 1959, Mali and Senegal united and they became the Mali Federation. They became independent from France on June 20, 1960. Senegal left the Mali Federation a few months later. The Republic of Mali, with Modibo Keïta as the first president, left the French Community on September 22, 1960.

There was a coup in Mali in 1968. Modibo Keïta lost his job and was put in prison. Mali was then ruled by Moussa Traoré until 1991. He treated the country badly, and so there was another coup in 1991 after protests against the government, and a new constitution was made. The leader of the country was then Amadou Toumani Touré. 

In 1992, Alpha Oumar Konaré won Mali's first democratic election. President Konaré won again in 1997 and he made big political and economic changes. In 2002, Amadou Toumani Touré won the election and he started his second term as head of state. He was a retired general and was the military leader of the 1991 coup. Today, Mali is one of the least stable countries in Africa.

Mali is divided into 10 regions and 1 district. The country is further divided into 49 cercles, containing 288 "arrondissements" and 703 communes.

The regions and district are:

Mali is the world's 24th-largest country. The area of the country is 1,240,000 km² (478,734 mi²). Mali and South Africa are about the same size. It is two times bigger than Texas.

Most of Mali is part of the Sahara Desert. Mali is does not have any sea coast. It is landlocked. Mali does not have many mountains. Flat areas in the north are covered by sand. Savanna is around the Niger River in the south. The climate is dry. The dry season is hot and dusty. There are many natural resources in Mali, including gold, uranium, phosphates, kaolinite, salt, and limestone.

Mali is one of the poorest countries in the world. 65% of its land area is desert or something similar. There have been several long droughts over the last hundred years. Therefore, most economic activity is near the Niger River. 

About 10% of the people are nomads and 80% of workers have jobs in farming and fishing. Industry is mainly to process farm products. Women also do pottery and the pots are bought and taken to markets. Many foreign tourists like the traditional methods which the women use to make the pots. 

Mali's main export is cotton, so if the price of cotton changes, Mali's economy is affected a lot. Mali also receives a lot of financial help from other countries. 

In 1997, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) recommended a programme for changing the economy and the government followed this. Several international companies started exploring for larger amounts of gold in 1996-1998, and the Malian government thinks that Mali will become an important gold exporter soon.

There are several ethnic and religious groups in Mali.

These religions are common in Mali.

About 90% of people from Mali follow Sunni Islam, but they do not always forget their traditional religions. Muslims have their own schooling system. The number of Muslims from Mali who go to Mecca is increasing and some study in Arab countries. About 1% of the people are Christians. When Mali was under French control, Christian teachers were sent to Islamic areas.

The language of Mali under French rule was French, but now not many people outside towns can read or write this language. However, about 60% of the people use other languages well. Many people can read and write in Bamanakan (the most popular spoken language). This language has its own alphabet, called N'Ko. Other people can read and write in Arabic, after going to an Islamic school. One of the oldest universities in the world is Sankore University in Timbuktu. It began in the 1400s.

Famous musicians from Mali include kora player Toumani Diabaté, and the guitarist Ali Farka Touré, who has died.


Chief Joseph

Chief Joseph (1840 – September 21, 1904; whose real name was Hinmaton-Yalaktit) was the chief of the Nez Perce Native Americans, a tribe that lived in what is now the Pacific Northwest of the United States. 
His father was the leader of the Nez-Perce before him, and his mother was a member of this tribe too.

When Joseph was young, his father always told him not to trust white men, he actually had problems with settlers. When his father died, Joseph became chief of the tribe, who resided in plateaus in Northeast Oregon, Southeast Washington and Western Idaho.

The turning point in their relationship to white men was the gold rush in 1863. It gave the US Government the opportunity to reduce their reservation to a small area in Idaho. Then, with the new waves of white men settling in the West, the Government wanted to drive Nez-Perces away from their territory.

Chief Joseph was extremely sad: this place was the tribe's territory where their ancestors were buried. In spite of that, he wanted to avoid conflict and remain in peace. In 1873 he decided to negotiate with the US Government. He travelled all the way to Washington D.C. and spoke to President Ulysses S. Grant. But he only got mean looks and little attention.

So a war began in 1877. The living conditions of Chief Joseph's tribe were awful: they had no food and no blankets. Some people were freezing to death. But the Nez-Perces impressed their enemy thanks to all the battles they won. Many men died on both sides. That's why Joseph decided to surrender. He gave up fighting in 1877.

He was destroyed by the death of his people, and also extremely disappointed: he felt betrayed by white people. He knew he could not trust them anymore. He was tired of being considered a savage. He felt it was not fair for people who were born on the same land to be treated differently. He delivered a lot of speeches on this subject, which are still really good examples of eloquence. But he did not feel listened to, and when he died in his reservation in 1904, the doctor said he "died from sadness". He was buried in Colville Native American Burial Ground, in Washington State.

Seychelles

Seychelles is an African country in the Indian Ocean. Its capital city is Victoria. The official languages are Creole, English, and French. It is a republic is made up of 115 islands.

Seychelles and the islands to the south, Madagascar and Mauritius, all had legal slavery and were part of the slave trade. Most of the people are descendants of freed slaves, who make up about 90% of the population. Many of them also are descended from slave owners who abused their ancestors. There are small minorities of immigrants from Europe, China and India. Most people are Roman Catholics, about 90% of them. About 8% are Protestants.

Other nearby island countries and territories include Zanzibar to the west, Mauritius, Rodrigues, Agalega and Réunion to the south, and Comoros and Mayotte to the southwest. Seychelles has an estimated population of 86,525. It is the smallest population of any African state.

It is thought that Arab sailors first saw the islands in the 7th century. Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the islands in 1502, and called them Three Brothers (), but he did not visit the islands. The British East India Company visited the islands, but they did not settle there.

Seychelles is to the northeast of Madagascar and about east of Kenya. The number of islands in the archipelago is often given as 115 but the Constitution of the Republic of Seychelles lists 155. 

According to the president of Nauru, the Seychelles has been ranked the ninth most endangered nation due to flooding from climate change.

Some of the districts in Seychelles include: Anse Boileau, Takamaka and Cote D’Or.

Seychelles is divided into twenty-five administrative regions. Eight of the districts make up the capital of Seychelles. They are called Greater Victoria. Another 14 districts are considered the rural part of the main island of Mahé. There are two districts on Praslin and one on La Digue which also include satellite islands. The rest of the Outer Islands are not considered part of any district.


During the plantation era, cinnamon, vanilla, and copra were the main exports. In the 1960s, about 33% of the working population worked at plantations, and 20% worked in the public or government sector. In 1971, with the opening of Seychelles International Airport, tourism became a serious industry. 

Like many fragile island ecosystems, the Seychelles had loss of biodiversity during early human history. This included the disappearance of most of the giant tortoises from the granitic islands. There was also the extinction of species such as the chestnut flanked white eye, the Seychelles Parakeet, the Seychelles Black Terrapin and the saltwater crocodile. However, extinctions were far fewer than on islands such as Mauritius or Hawaii. This was partly due to a shorter period of human occupation being only since 1770. The Seychelles today is known for success stories in protecting its flora and fauna. The rare Seychelles Black Parrot, the national bird of the country, is now protected.

The granitic islands of Seychelles are home to about 75 endemic plant species. There are a further 25 or so species in the Aldabra group. Particularly well-known is the Coco de Mer, a species of palm that grows only on the islands of Praslin and neighbouring Curieuse. The jellyfish tree is to be found in only a few locations on Mahe. This strange and ancient plant is in a genus of its own (Medusagynaceae). Other unique plant species include the Wright's Gardenia "Rothmannia annae" found only on Aride Island Special Reserve.

The freshwater crab genus "Seychellum" is endemic to the granitic Seychelles. There are a further 26 species of crabs and 5 species of hermit crabs that live on the islands.
The Aldabra Giant Tortoise now lives on many of the islands of the Seychelles. The Aldabra population is the largest in the world. These unique reptiles can be found even in captive herds. 

There are several unique varieties of orchids on the Islands.

The marine life around the islands, especially the more remote coral islands, can be spectacular. More than 1,000 species of fish have been recorded. Since the use of spearguns and dynamite for fishing was banned in the 1960s, the wildlife is unafraid of snorkelers and divers. Coral bleaching in 1998 has damaged most reefs, but some reefs show healthy recovery.

The main natural resources of the Seychelles are fish, copra, cinnamon, coconuts, salt and iron.


Square mile

A square mile (sometimes written "mi²" ) is a British and American unit of measurement of area. It is the area inside a square that has each side equal to one statute mile (5,280 feet or 1,760 yards). This way of talking about area is often used to say how much land there is on a farm, or in a city or country, for example.

One square mile is just less than 2.6 square kilometres.

Regions of Peru

A Region is the name for one of 25 areas into which the land is divided in Peru. 

Provinces of Peru


    *     Lima Province (Lima)

Ica Region

Ica is one of 25 regions of Peru. The capital of the region is Ica.

Togo

Togo is a small country in West Africa. It is bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. The capital city Lomé is located along the Gulf of Guinea. In 2069, about 7.5 million people lived there. The official language is French. Togo was a hub of the Atlantic slave trade for Europeans. Togo was a part of the Slave Coast. Many Togolese descendants live in the Americas. The country is known for Voodoo. Togo is also known for its various flora and fauna. Monkeys, snakes, and lizards are numerous in many areas in Togo.

From the 11th century to the 16th century, various tribes entered the region from all directions: the Ewé from the east, and the Mina and Guin from the west; most of them settled in coastal areas. The Portuguese explored the area in the late 15th century. As Togoland, it became a protectorate of Germany in 1884. After World War I, Togo was ceded to the French. Togo gained independence from French rule in the 1960s. General Gnassingbé Eyadéma became the military leader in 1967. When Eyadéma resigned in 2002 and later died in 2005, his son, Faure Gnassingbe became president. In June 2022, Togo joined the Commonwealth of Nations.

The economy of this small African country is based on agriculture. Agriculture provides jobs for 65% of the labor force according to the CIA Factbook. Agricultural products include coffee, cocoa, cotton, yams, cassava (tapioca), corn, beans, rice, millet, and sorghum. Industries include phosphate mining, agricultural processing, cement, handicrafts, textiles, and beverages.

The president of Togo is elected for 5 years. The president is also the commander of the armed forces. The president also has the right to begin legislation and dissolve parliament.

After Togo's independence from France, General Gnassingbé Eyadéma became the military leader. When Eyadéma died in 2005, his son Faure Gnassingbe became president. During his re-election campaign, he helped get port concessions in Lomé extended for Bolloré Groupe from 10 to 35 years in exchange for help from the group's public relations subsidiary Havas. In a 26 Feb 2021 civil hearing at the Paris judicial court, French billionaire Vincent Bolloré, along with associates Gilles Alix and Jean-Philippe Dorent, pleaded guilty to corrupt practices in Togo. The President of the court rejected the negotiated plea bargain and ordered that the three be tried in criminal court. In the same trial, Bolloré SE was fined $12 million.

Togo is divided into 5 regions. The regions are divided into 30 prefectures and 1 commune. From north to south the regions are Savanes, Kara, Centrale, Plateaux and Maritime.

The largest cities in Togo are:

About 51% of the population has local beliefs, 29% is Christian, and 20% Muslim.

The Togolese enjoy many foods including tropical fruits, pastries, and many different products made from peanuts. Major drinks include tea, coffee, and wine. Togolese often snack on plantains and French donuts or beignets.


Bad Religion

Bad Religion is an American band that plays punk rock music. They were created in Southern California in 1979 by Jay Bentley (bass), Greg Graffin (vocals), Brett Gurewitz (guitars) and Jay Ziskrout (drums). People think that they brought back punk rock and helped pop-punk bands during the late 1980s. Since they were created 44 years ago, Bad Religion has had a lot of members come and go. Greg Graffin is the only person that's been in the band the whole time but today there are three of the four members that were in the group when it started.

Today, Bad Religion has fourteen studio albums, two EPs, three compilation albums, one live recording, and two DVDs. Some critics think that their 1988 album "Suffer" is one of the most important punk rock albums of all time. People began to notice Bad Religion after their 1993 album "Recipe for Hate", which was number 14 on Billboard's Heatseekers chart. Their next album, "Stranger Than Fiction", had the band's well-known hits "21st Century (Digital Boy)" and "Infected", did well and was the only Bad Religion album to get gold status in the US. Brett Gurewitz left in 1994. Bad Religion was not as well known after that and did not sell many albums until "The Process of Belief" in 2002. Brett Gurewitz came back in 2001, and worked with them on their four most recent albums. The band is planning to make another album in 2012.

They are known for their smart use of style, comparisons, word choice, imagery, and voice harmonies (which they call "oozin aahs.) Lyrics sometimes have to do with their emotions or their opinion of society.

Most of Bad Religion's lyrics are written by Greg Graffin or Brett Gurewitz. Sometimes, but often, they will co-write a song. Other band members, such as Jay Bentley, also write songs, but very rarely.

Brett Gurewitz says he tried to copy The Germs singer Darby Crash early on in Bad Religion's career. "He wrote some intelligent stuff, and didn't shy away from the vocabulary, which I thought was cool." Bad Religion also uses voice harmonies. The Adolescents influenced them with their three-part voice harmonies. Bassist Jay Bentley says, "Seeing The Adolescents live, it was so brilliant. So, in a way, the Adolescents influenced us into saying we can do it too, because look, they're doing it."

Many of Bad Religion's songs are about what they think are social problems, but they do not blame causes of these problems to any single person or group. Greg Graffin thinks that the politics in the United States can make it hard to talk about the problems.

The band is sometimes direct about the things they want to say. Brett Gurewitz said he was angry at former U.S. president George W. Bush and that "The Empire Strikes First" is about him. "Our whole album is dedicated to getting Bush out of office. I'm not a presidential scholar but I don't think you'll find a worse president in the history of the United States. He's probably one of the worst leaders in the history of world leaders. I just hate the guy."

Despite the name of the band, the members say they are not anti-religious. Greg Graffin says that more often than not, the band likes to use religion to represent anything that does not let a person be free. Their songs are more about being against everyone being the same than against religion or God. But Greg Graffin is an atheist. He helped write the book 'Is Belief in God Good, Bad or Irrelevant?' The band's bassist Jay Bentley has stated that he has spiritual beliefs. Brett Gurewitz is a "provisional deist."


Meat Puppets

The Meat Puppets are an alternative/punk rock group from Scottsdale, Arizona, USA. They were formed in 1980 by Curt Kirkwood (vocals, guitars), his brother Cris (bass) and Derrick Bostrom (drums). The band is probably best known for their 1994 radio hit "Backwater".

The band went on indefinite hiatus in 2001 as Curt formed two band projects Eyes Adrift (with Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic and Sublime drummer Bud Gaugh) and Volcano (also with Sublime drummer Bud Gaugh). He also released a solo album. His brother Cris was in prison from August 2004 to 21 months.

In 2006, the Meat Puppets reformed and released a new album, "Rise to Your Knees" in 2007.

As of November 2009, Shandon Sahm is back as the drummer in the Meat Puppets. He replaces Ted Marcus, who was a member from 2006. 

The band was chosen by Animal Collective to perform their album "Up on the Sun" live at the All Tomorrow's Parties music festival in May 2011.

Ted Bundy

Theodore Robert "Ted" Bundy (November 24, 1946 - January 24, 1989) was an American serial killer, kidnapper, and rapist. He confessed to killing 30 women, although the actual number of murders committed is unknown.

Ted Bundy was born in 1946 in Burlington, Vermont, USA. He lived with his mother Louise Cowell and grandfather Sam Cowell when he was a child. Bundy and his mother moved to Washington where she married a man named John Culpepper Bundy. As a child in Washington, Bundy was a good student and went to church often, yet he found it hard to make friends and he began stealing. As a young man, Bundy became involved in politics and got together with a woman named Diane Edwards, known better by the pseudonym Stephanie Brooks. She left him, and he went on his own for a while. After seeing that he had improved, she got back together with him, but he proposed and left her a few days later. This is when the murders began. The people that Bundy would murder were much like this lady: young, white skinned (Caucasian), and with long dark hair parted in the middle.

Bundy's first known murders were in 1974 with his first known violent attack on January 4 when he crept into the room of an 18-year-old girl called Joni Lenz and beat her with a crowbar while she was asleep. He then sexually assaulted (raped) her with a metal rod that he took from the bed. She was found the next morning in a pool of blood. She was not killed but would remain in a coma and suffered brain damage (damage to the brain that stop the body from working properly). A few weeks later on January 31, Bundy broke into another woman's basement and beat her over the head. He then dressed her, wrapped her in blankets, and carried her away. She was found a year later in Seattle, Washington with no head. In between this time and June 1974, he killed eight more women in Washington. In June, he kidnapped Janice Ott and Denise Naslund from a park near Seattle. These attacks, unlike the attacks before, were in 'broad daylight' - in front of other people.

In the autumn Bundy moved to Utah to begin studying law at the University of Utah. He began killing again in October 1974. Bundy kidnapped and killed three girls in October 1974, one of them being the daughter of a police officer. On November 8, Bundy told a girl that he was a police officer and he told her to get in his car. She did, believing he really was a police officer. He then tried to handcuff her but she would not let him and she jumped out of the car and escaped. Bundy was angry that she had got away and so a few hours later he kidnapped another girl and killed her. Her body was never found. Bundy was still living in Utah in 1975 and was still attending law school but he began only killing people in Colorado. Bundy kidnapped and killed four women from Colorado and one more from Utah in the first half of 1975 (January to June).

On August 16, 1975, Bundy was arrested for not stopping his car when ordered to by a police officer. When they searched his car they found a ski mask, a crowbar, handcuffs, trash bags, and other items that they thought he must have been using to burglarize houses. The police then noticed that his car was the car the girl who escaped had told them about. Bundy was sentenced on March 1, 1976, to fifteen years in prison for kidnapping her. Bundy escaped from the police twice in 1977 before he could be sentenced for the murders he had committed. By early 1978 he had made his way to Florida where he killed two more women and injured three others. After that he murdered a 12-year-old girl called Kimberley Leach. She was the last girl murdered by Bundy before he was stopped by a police officer on February 15, 1978.

Bundy had antisocial personality disorder. He went on trial on June 25 until July 31 for the murders he had committed. He was sentenced to 3 death sentences, and was going to be executed by the electric chair. In the time he was in prison and waiting to be executed he helped the police investigate other murders and in 1988 he admitted to having killed eight more women than he was tried for. Bundy was executed by the use of the electric chair at the Florida State Prison on January 24, 1989. He was 42 years old.

Longboarding

A longboard is a type of skateboard. It is often longer than a regular skateboard. Longboard are made in many different shapes. They are often faster than regular skateboards. This is because of the size of the wheel and what the board is made of. Longboards are commonly used for cruising, traveling and downhill racing. Downhill racing is known as longboarding. Longboard 'dancing' and 'freestyle' are also popular. In this, the rider uses skateboard-like motions and steps up and down the board.

The first longboards were made by Preston Nichols in the 1940s and 50s. They replaced surfing when the waves were too dull. Early skaters made boards out of planks of wood and roller skates. It was called "Sidewalk Surfing". Longboards were first sold in 1959. Makaha, Jack's and Hobie were the first sellers. These early longboards were crude. They had wheels made of metal. Clay wheels were used later to make them safer. Longboarding became popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s. It had become much less popular by 1965. Longboarding started becoming popular again in 1972 when Frank Nasworthy and the Cadillac Wheel Company create the urethane longboard wheel. Urethane wheels let skaters move much faster than they could before. Reverse kingpins(RKP) also made them more stable.

These changes made the boards more stable. They helped downhill longboarding grow into a sport. The International Gravity Sports Association (IGSA) was its governing body. The cutout deck was added in the 1990s. It had sections cut out around the wheels. This stopped the wheels from touching the board during hard turns. There has been many changes to longboard technology because of the many different ways people ride them. Modern longboard decks can be made from many materials. These include fiberglass composites, aluminum and carbon fiber.

Most boards are in length. Widths vary from . Longboard are made in many shapes. These include pintails, swallowtails, flat-nose riders, drop-through decks, drop decks and boards with the same shape as a regular skateboard. Pintails have looser trucks and larger wheels. They are better suited for carving or a "smooth" feel. Drop decks and drop throughs let the rider be closer to the ground. This gives them a lower center of gravity which increases stability. This also makes the boards better for downhill racing. Mid-length boards, have many different uses. They have more weight and bulk. This makes them move with a fluid motion by providing more momentum. The longboard's design lets rider make big turns or quick short carves. These movements are similar to the motions of surfers or snowboarders.

Graffiti

Graffiti (plural; singular: graffiti or graffito, however "graffito" is rarely used except in archeology) is marks, scratching or drawings made on a surface on a public place. It is often created with paint or spray paint (paint that is sprayed from a can). A single mark could be called a graffito but the word graffiti is usually used, meaning that there is more than one mark. The word comes from Greek "" ("graphein") meaning "to write".

Graffiti can take the form of art, drawings or words. When done without a property owner's permission it can be considered vandalism. Sometimes it is just a person's name or a rude word. Sometimes it is a public political protest because graffiti is illegal without permission.

There are lots of different types of graffiti, and some people call some things graffiti that other people would not.

In some kinds of graffiti, people write their name in different ways. It is usually not their real name. Sometimes people write the name of their crew, which is a group of friends who write together. Small writing like a signature is called a tag. Bigger writing that is very round and has an outline is called a throw up. A graffiti writing with lots of detail is called a piece, which is short for masterpiece.

Some graffit is made of pictures. This can be a small picture or a large mural.

Graffiti can be legal or illegal. Some towns have walls that anyone is allowed to paint on. Sometimes the government or a business will pay someone to paint, to attract tourists or advertise something. Some graffiti artists like Keith Haring became very famous.

Paintings were done on cave walls over 40,000 years ago in Australia. The oldest graffiti that used writing was in the Roman Empire, people wrote messages on walls. It wasn't considered vandalism, instead people saw it as just a way to talk to one another.

In the 1700s and 1800s in the United States, some people began to write "monikers" on trains. Monikers were pictures and fake names. One famous moniker was Bozo Texino.

Modern graffiti was made famous in New York City in the early 1960s and 1970s by the children of the working class. They called it "writing" and called themselves "writers." At first they wrote on trains, but when the New York Subway started to make it harder, writers moved into the city to write on walls instead.

In a 1971 New York Times article, Norman Mailer first used the term "graffiti" was first used to refer to the new kind of art people were painting on trains. This period of the early 1970s is known as the "Original School." Later in the 1980s, the next generation of graffiti artists is known as "Old School."


Appellation d'origine contrôlée

Appellation d'origine controlée (AOC, "controlled designation of origin") is a French phrase which shows that a product comes from a certain area. 

Some products must come from a certain area and be made in a certain way in order to have the name of the product. The most famous example is champagne, which must be fermented in the bottle and be made in the Champagne region of France.

The French government set up the "Institut national des appellations d'origine et de la qualité" (INAO, "National institute of controlled designation of origin") in 1935 to oversee the system. Although usually linked with wines, the start of the system of protecting the name of goods started in the 15th century when the French parliament defined what could be called Roquefort cheese. 

AOCs are most often found in connection with:

Distillation

Distillation is a process where a mixture made of two or more liquids (called "components") with different boiling points can be separated from each other. The mixture is heated until one of the components boils (turns to a vapor). The vapor is then fed into a condenser, which cools the vapor and changes it back into a liquid that is called "distillate". What remains in the original container is called the "residue". This is a physical separation process and not a chemical reaction. Fractional distillation (using a distillation column with more than two outlets) can be used to improve the separation. An oil refinery uses fractional distillation to purify crude oil, separating several different liquids for different uses. 

This has been used for a long time, to distill alcohol and produce alcoholic drinks. Distillation is a commonly used operation in many industries.

Distillation can be done anywhere, whether it's in a house or a laboratory, but in most countries it is illegal to distill alcohol without a license. Illegally distilled alcoholic drinks are in some places called "moonshine".

Distillation is also the main way of desalination of water. In this case the salt is a solid that is in solution with the water. In alcohol distillation or petroleum distillation, the things to be separated from their solution are two or more distillation liquids. 

Lawyer

A lawyer (also called an "advocate", "attorney", "barrister", "counsel", "counsellor", or "solicitor") is someone who practices law. A lawyer has earned a degree in law, and has a license to practice law in a particular area. 

If people have any problem regarding the law, they can contact a lawyer for advice. A legal problem is referred to as a case. A person can hire a lawyer to start a case against someone else, or to help with a case that has been started against them. If the case goes to court, the lawyer will represent their client in court. The lawyer will use their knowledge of the law to convince the court that the client is on the right side of the argument. Lawyers also help people "settle out of court," which means that both sides of the argument agree to resolve the dispute ahead of time so that they will not have to go to trial. 

When a person is accused of a crime, the person has a defense lawyer to try to show they have not committed a crime. The lawyer arguing that they did do the crime is called the "prosecutor".

Lawyers also prepare legal documents for their clients. Examples: buying or selling property or making a will (testament). Certain lawyers (called "commissioners of oaths" in England) can take legally binding witness statements which can be presented to the court.

Lawyers work in different settings. Some work by themselves, while some work in law firms. Some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies. Lawyers who work for private companies are usually called in-house counsel.

Lawyers generally charge a fee for the work that they do, but sometimes advice is offered freely, which is called "pro bono," meaning "for the public good." In many countries, if a person is accused of a crime and unable to pay for a lawyer, the government will pay a lawyer to represent them using tax money.

Loreto Region

Loreto is Peru's most northern region. Covering almost one-third of Peru's territory, Loreto is the nation's biggest region. It is also one of the least populated ones, because of its remote location in the Amazon rainforest. Its capital is the city of Iquitos. 


The region is divided into eight provinces ("provincias", singular: "provincia"), which are composed of 53 districts ("distritos", singular: "distrito"). The provinces, with their capitals in parenthesis, are:


Iquitos

Iquitos is the capital city of the Loreto Region in northern Peru. It is on the banks of the Amazon River. Iquitos is the biggest city in the rain forest of Peru, with about 400,000 residents. It is a major port on the Amazon. 

Excluding towns on islands, Iquitos is thought to be the largest city in the world that can not be reached by road. One can only get to Iquitos by boat, or by airplane. It is very remote, in the middle of the Amazon rainforest. 

Iquitos was founded in 1747 by Jesuit José Bahamonde. Originally it was the home of the Iquito native tribe. About 100 years ago, Iquitos was a very rich town, because of the rubber industry. Today Iquitos relies mostly on tourism, wood industry and local trade. 


Apple juice

Apple juice is the juice from apples. It does not have alcohol, and it tastes sweet from the natural fruit sugars. Many companies making apple juice like to say that they do not add more sugar into the drink, and there is only natural sugar.

The apple tree came from the same era as Elizabethan in the late 1500s and early 1600s ("Pyrus malus"), and is native to Britain. Even in the Old Saxon papers, apples and cider are mentioned a lot. The fruit is thought to have come in the Caucasus, a place with many mountains between the Black and Caspian Seas.

The Lady apple, a kind of apple still grown today, is believed to be one of the oldest apple trees on record.

Apple juice is 88% water and 11% carbohydrates (including 9% sugars), with little amounts of protein or fat.

In both facts and stories, the apple appears to be very healthy. There are two types of apple juice. One is the clear apple juice, and the other is the cloudy apple juice. Pectin and starch are taken out during the production process to produce clear apple juice. Cloudy apple juice is cloudy because of evenly-distributed small pulp suspensions in the juice concentrate.
Also, in apple juice, the vitamin C, and other vitamins are contained inside, as well as mineral nutrients such as boron which helps build strong bones.

Apples can also be a main source of fiber, and is a powerful cleanser and an important necessity for the health of your body.

The compounds in apple juice called phytonutrients delay the break down of LDL or cholesterol. In history, the phrase from Benjamin Franklin "an apple a day keeps the doctor away" is very famous. New research is proving this phrase to be a fact. Researchers at UC Davis School of Medicine have recently found out that drinking apple juice seems to slow down the process that may lead to heart disease.

Researchers at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands had studied and found that smokers who ate many fruits and vegetables, especially apples, had reduced their risk of getting the common diseases smokers would get. The risk was reduced by 50%.

For older people, drinking fruit juices should begin with apples, especially if they are suffering from arthritis and rheumatism. This is because apples carry a substantial amount of potassium. Because of this, eating apples or apple juice has been known to help. Drinking apple juice also removes some toxins from the liver and kidneys and is low in calories. Over time, this can reduce the chances of having liver or kidney disease.

Apple juice can be used to make cider and calvados. Some types of cider and all types of Calvados contain alcohol.

Addressed as one of the most popular fruits in the world, the apple is cultivated in around 7,500 different kinds in shape, color, texture, firmness, crispness, acidity, juiciness, sweetness, nutrition, and harvesting time.

Fresh apple juice needs refrigeration. Closed bottles of canned apple juice can be kept in a dark, cool place, such as a pantry or cupboard. It slows down the spoiling of the product. The way it looks, feels, or tastes could change over time.

Once the juice container is opened. Or if it was not closed and shipped without needing freezing by the producer, it must be closed again tightly and frozen to avoid contamination from microorganisms such as bacteria.

Calvados (drink)

Calvados is an alcoholic drink. It is made from distilling cider in Normandy, one of the oldest Provinces of France (created in 911). It got its name from the place called Calvados which is famous for making it (sometimes called 'le Pays d'Auge'). It is also made in the other places in Normandy including la Manche (Cotentin) and l'Orne (Domfront).

The way to make Calvados is to distil cider twice. The first time it is done, the result is a liquid containing 28% to 30% alcohol. The second time it is done, the amount of alcohol is increased to about 40%.

Since 1942, the Calvados has its own "Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC)", which means it is from one place. The rules are:

Calvados can be served either dry or with ice, as a cocktail, an aperitif, or as a digestif. It goes very well with cheese, chocolate, dessert or ice cream. Crepes can also be served with Calvados.

Calvados can also be added to coffee. People usually do this at the end of dinner. 


Still

A still is a tool used to clean a liquid. It does this by first boiling the liquid and turning it into a gas. This gas is then cooled, changing it back into liquid. Stills get their name from the word di"still"ation. Distillation is the process of boiling and cooling a liquid to purify it. Stills are most often used to create alcohol, but they can also be used with any liquid. Some examples are medicines and perfumes.

There are two main types of stills: pot stills and reflux stills. In a pot still, the pot (like a large kettle) holding the liquid is heated. The hot gas is cooled in a simple neck, or tube, and collected. Pot stills are used for making alcohol like whisky. A reflux still is much more complex. It works with a continual flow of liquid going into the boiler, and a continual flow of distilled liquid coming out. The distilled liquid can also be put through the process several times, which is why it is called a reflux still. This allows for a more pure product, and the person working the still can control the level of purity. Reflux stills are used in the chemical and petroleum industries.

Ravioli

Ravioli is a type of Italian food pasta dish. It is usually two layers of pasta dough with a filling between the two layers. There are many different recipes, with different kinds of fillings. The most common fillings are meat, vegetables or blackboard cheese. People eat this kind of food with a sauce or melted butter.

Ravioli is OG!!!!!

The Bridge on the River Kwai

The Bridge on the River Kwai is a British 1957 movie from Columbia Pictures, based on Pierre Boulle's 1952 book "The Bridge over the River Kwai" (). The movie was mainly filmed in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and also in England.

In 1941 the Japanese Army invaded Thailand. They built a railway to link Bangkok to Rangoon. Thousands of Asian workers and POWs (prisoners of war) died while working on the project. Part of this project was building bridges over Thailand's Kwai Yai, at a place named Tamarkan, which is near a town named Kanchanaburi.

The deaths of the Asian workers and the prisoners were real events, but most of the book and the movie are not true. The British soldiers were slaves; they did not help the Japanese. Two bridges were built; one was made of wood, one was made of concrete and steel. Both bridges stood for two years and were destroyed by bombers in 1945.

In the movie the bridge is destroyed by commandos. A real train rode over the bridge as it blew up. (This can be compared to a scene in the 1927 movie, "The General", which starred Buster Keaton.)

The movie is best known for the "Colonel Bogey March", the song that is whistled by the POWs. It is also known as the "River Kwai March".

The movie won seven Academy Awards, one for Best Picture. It also won the BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay.


Tannin

Tannins are bitter-tasting chemical compounds that bind proteins. 
Tannins are present in the following:

Tannins are also used in the treatment of leather, to make it more durable. Natural tannins for this purpose come from oak trees, but synthetic tannins are more used.

Cuisine

Cuisine refers to any style of cooking, including its practices, traditions and recipes. A cuisine is usually associated with a specific culture. It is mainly influenced by the ingredients that are available to that culture. Cooking methods, customs and ingredients together form meals that are unique to a particular region. When people talk about Italian cuisine, they are referring to the food that Italians are famous for. Cuisine is a French word that means "kitchen", but it originally comes from the Latin word "coquere", which means "to cook". 

Traditionally, cuisines are shaped by a number of things. In some religious traditions, certain foods are forbidden by law (an example is pork in Islam). Climate and trade affect the what ingredients are available. Climate may also affect the methods by which food is prepared. Before the exploration of Asia and America by Europeans, certain foods were not known to European cuisine. Tomatoes, maize, avocados and cacao, for example, did not enter European diets until merchants brought these ingredients back from the New World. In modern times, cuisines are becoming more and more multicultural. New cuisines continue to develop even today.

Cuisines have different courses or three meals Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Ancient Greeks had breakfast—bread dipped in wine. The bread was made from barley, the main source of all bread in ancient times. It was probably hard, which is why the Greeks would dip it in the wine, to soften it and make it easier to eat.

The history of breakfast goes back to the ancient Greeks who ate something called a teganites (τηγανίτης), which resembled a pancake. These were made with wheat flour, olive oil, honey, and curdled milk, and usually topped with honey or cheese.


Hotel

A hotel or a guest-house is a large building with many rooms, where people can sleep when they are not at home. A motel is a hotel especially for motorists - people who drive cars - where the room door usually opens into the parking lot rather than to an interior corridor. Inn is sometimes used to mean a smaller hotel. Guest house can also mean an accessory dwelling unit. An extended stay hotel is one where suites are rented by the week. 

These places will rent a room for any number of days. They offer rooms to sleep as their business. There are also hotels where conferences are held. 

Some hotels have swimming pool. Some hotels are called capsule hotels (in Japan).

Hotels emerged as inns along important transport routes. The first hotels appeared in the days of the Ancient World, in the Middle Ages they also served as shelters for the infirm. This is indicated by the etymology of the word hotel, hôtel: through st.-fr. ostel, hostel it comes from Latin. cubiculum hospitale ("guest room"), whence the word "hospital". . 

In the 16th-17th centuries, the hotel is an aristocratic residential building with ceremonial and service courtyards.

Today, according to the definition of the World Tourism Organization (WTO), hotels are called a house with furnished rooms for short-term stay of visitors, consisting of a number of rooms that have a single guide and provide certain services. They are grouped into classes and categories according to the types of services provided, with the equipment available in them.

The hotel is also called a residential property complex (building, part of the building, equipment and other property), designed to provide services.

International luxury hotels have high-quality amenities, full-service restaurants and rooms. They usually provide the highest level of personalized and professional service in major or capital cities.

Upscale full-service hotels range in quality from upscale to luxury.

Branded hotels are typically full-service and classified as luxury. A key characteristic is focus on a unique guest experience.
Smaller independent non-branded hotels with 100 rooms or fewer.
Small to medium hotels that give a limited number of amenities. This amenities cater and market to a specific demographic of travelers, such as the single business traveler. Such hotels may lack leisure amenities such as an restaurant or a swimming pool.
Small to medium-sized hotels where clients can stay longer than in traditional hotels.
A motel is an abbreviation for "motor hotel". It is a small-sized low-rise lodging establishment. Usually motels have access to individual rooms from the car park. Motels are good for road travellers, travellers on road trip vacations or workers who drive for their job.

Some Like It Hot

Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy movie starring Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Pat O'Brien, Jack Lemmon and George Raft, and directed by Billy Wilder. It is seen by some as a remake of the 1951 German movie, "Fanfaren der Liebe". (Michael Logan wrote the story for the version) The movie is set in 1929. It has been remade for the stage twice (in 1972 and 2002). It was ranked at Number One on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs list and fourteen on the AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.


Yale University

Yale University is a private university in New Haven, Connecticut. It is in the Ivy League and considered by many people to be one of the best universities in the world. Yale is the third oldest university in the United States.

Yale was founded in 1701 in a town near New Haven by a group of church ministers. At first it was called "The Collegiate School" and was created to teach male church ministers in Connecticut. When Elihu Yale, a businessman with the East India Company, gave the school money and books in 1718, the school changed its name to Yale College. It moved into the center of New Haven in the same year. About fifty years later, the school began to teach other subjects like science and history. As the school became more liberal, it became one of the first American schools where extracurricular student groups were created, especially singing groups, sports teams, and student publications like the Yale Daily News.

In the beginning, Yale only taught undergraduate students. Over time, it created graduate schools for medicine, nursing, environmental science, law, music, drama, business, and other professions. In 1869, Yale became the first school in the United States to offer a PhD. Because it had grown to have many types of schools, degrees, and courses, Yale changed its name to Yale University in 1887. The undergraduate college began to accept women as students in 1969.

Yale has one of the largest libraries in the United States, with 19 library buildings and over 15 million books. The school's main library building, Sterling Memorial Library, is built to look like a cathedral. The Beinecke Library has one of the world's largest collections of rare books and old manuscripts.

The school's campus is known for its Gothic Revival architecture, which was built to look like older English universities like Oxford and Cambridge. On its main campus, Yale has two art museums, a natural history museum, and many theaters. The university also has a golf course near campus and owns five forests in New England.

Fifty-two Nobel Prize winners have been students or professors at Yale, and five U.S. presidents have graduated from Yale, including George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush. Other famous alumni include politicians Hilary Clinton and John Kerry, actors Meryl Streep and Edward Norton, inventors Eli Whitney and Samuel Morse, CNN anchors Fareed Zakaria and Anderson Cooper, FedEx founder Fred Smith and Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi, and computer scientist Grace Hopper.

Yale's color is blue, and its mascot is a bulldog named "Handsome Dan." Its sports teams are called the Yale Bulldogs, and they play in the Ivy League.

Peter Salovey, a psychologist, is the current president of Yale.


Salzburg

Salzburg (; ; literally "Salt Fortress"; ) is the capital and also a district of the Austrian state of Salzburg or Salzburgerland. The population is about 150,000 and is the 4th largest city of Austria.

Its most famous citizen was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Another famous inhabitant of Salzburg was the physicist Christian Doppler who found the Doppler effect which was named after him.

The Salzach river crosses the city. The old town was adopted by the UNESCO as World Heritage Site in 1996. Known is Salzburg also for being one of the settings for the movie "The Sound of Music" which based on the musical by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein.

People lived in Salzburg since the New Stone Age till present. The oldest finding in the city area is dated around 4500 B.C. From 15 B.C. onwards after the Roman occupation the city was called Iuvavum. The roman city was in today's old town around the Waagplatz. The city became an important place from the east to the province of Germania. The Romans left on the beginning of the barbarian migration around 500. Up to 696 only few can be said about the history. 696 the city was given to bishop Rupert by Duke Theodo II. of Bavaria. 

Rupert was ordered by the Duke to bring Christianity to the east and southeast of his country. Rupert founded the monastery St. Peter and for women the monastery Nonnberg. 739 Salzburg became the seat of a bishop and 774 the first cathedral was built. 998 Salzburg became archbishopric ruling the whole Bavarian area.

In the Middle Ages Salzburg became wealthy by the trade with salt from the nearby Dürnberg in Hallein. Till the 14th century Salzburg became independent from Bavaria and was a state within the Holy Roman Empire. The citizens of Salzburg were under the command of the archbishop unlike other cities in the empire. In the baroque era the look of today's city was shaped. The cathedral was rebuilt in the baroque style. Most of the architects came from Italy. 1622 a university was founded. Due to the fact that it was a catholic state Protestants had a severe standing in Salzburg. Yet 1731 Protestants, who came not back to the catholic belief had do leave Salzburg within eight days.

In the early 19th century Napoleon Bonaparte promoted the Duchy of Salzburg, than later was a part of the Kingdom of Bavaria. Then, Salzburg was annexed by Austria, returned to Bavarian and divided between Bavaria and Austria. 1918 Salzburg became a federal state of the new Republic of Austria. 

In 1938, Germany annexed Austria and Salzburg was a part of Germany. In 1945, when Austria was independent from Germany. It became a federal state again.
Urban districts ("Stadtteile"):




Salzburg is a World Heritage. There are some places of interest like:










Salt (disambiguation)

Salt could mean:


Basque language

Basque (Basque: ) is the language spoken by the Basque people in the Basque Country and its diaspora. Although most other Europeans speak Indo-European languages, Basque is a language isolate and is not related to them or to any other language in the world.

The ancestors of Basques are among the oldest residents of Europe, and their origins are unknown, as are the origins of the language. Many scholars have tried to link Basque to Etruscan, African languages, Caucasian languages and so on, but most see Basque as a language isolate. 
A connection with the Iberian language has given some hope, but it is unclear whether similarities are caused by genetic relations or mere vicinity.
It was spoken long before the Romans brought Latin to the Iberian Peninsula.

Basque is spoken in an area that is smaller than what is known as the Basque Country (Basque: "Euskal Herria)". Basque was once spoken over a larger area, but Latin took over in some places.

Historically, Latin or a Romance language has been official.

Today Basque holds co-official language status in the Basque regions of Spain: the full autonomous community of the Basque Country and some parts of Navarre. Basque has no official standing in the Northern Basque area of France, and French citizens are barred from using Basque in a French court of law.

There are six main Basque dialects, comprising Biscayan, Guipuzcoan, and High Navarrese (in Spain), and Low Navarrese, Labourdin, and Souletin (in France). The dialect boundaries are not, however, congruent with political boundaries. 
One of the first scientific studies of Basque dialects, in particular the auxiliary verb forms, was made by Louis-Lucien Bonaparte (a nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte).

There is now a unified version called Batua ("unified" in Basque), which is the language taught in schools. Batua is based largely on the Gipuzkoa regional dialect.

Basque is an ergative-absolutive language. Its grammar is very complex, with many different cases for nouns.

The vowel system is the same as most Spanish-speakers and has five pure vowels, . 

By contact with nearby peoples, Basque has borrowed words from Latin, Spanish, French, Gascon and others but accepted fewer than Indo-European languages. Some claim that many of its words come from Latin, but phonetic evolution has made many of them now appear as if they were native words, e.g. "lore" ("flower", from "florem"), "errota" ("mill", from "rotam", "[mill] wheel"), "gela" ("room", from "cellam").

Basque is written with the Latin alphabet. The universal special letter is "ñ", which is pronounced like the "n" in "onion", and "ç" and "ü" are also used. Basque does not use "c, q, v, w, y" except for loanwords and are not considered part of the alphabet. Also, "x" is pronounced as a "sh", as in "shine".




Heinz Fischer

Heinz Fischer (born 9 October 1938) is the former president of Austria. His wife is Margit Fischer.

Chlorine

Chlorine (chemical symbol Cl) is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 17, and its atomic mass is 35.45. It is part of the 7th column (halogens) on the periodic table of elements. 

Chlorine is a very irritating and greenish-yellow gas. It has a strong, bleach-like smell. It is toxic and bad for you. It can be made into a liquid when cooled. It is heavier than air.

Chlorine is highly reactive. It is more reactive than bromine but less reactive than fluorine. It reacts with most things to make chlorides. It can even burn things instead of oxygen. It dissolves in water to make a mixture of hypochlorous acid and hydrochloric acid. The more acidic it is, the more chlorine is made; the more basic it is, the more hypochlorous acid (normally turned into hypochlorite) and hydrochloric acid (normally turned into chlorides) are there. Chlorine reacts with bromides and iodides to make bromine and iodine. 

Chlorine exists in several oxidation states: -1, +1, +3, +4, +5, and +7. The -1 state is most often in chloride. Chlorides are not reactive. Compounds containing chlorine in its +1 oxidation state are hypochlorites. Only one is common. They are a strong oxidizing agent, as are all + oxidation state compounds. +3 is in chlorites. +4 is in chlorine dioxide, a common chlorine compound that is not a chloride. +5 is in chlorates. +7 is in perchlorates. Hypochlorites are most reactive, while perchlorates are the least reactive.

Many organic compounds have chlorine in them. Freon has chlorine in it. PVC (poly-vinyl chloride), a common plastic, has chlorine in it. 

Chlorine oxides can be made, but most of them are very reactive and unstable.

Chlorine is not found as an element. Sodium chloride is the most common chlorine ore. It is in the ocean (sea salt) and in the ground (rock salt). There are some organic compounds that have chlorine in them, too.

It is made by electrolysis (the passing of electricity through a solution to make chemical reactions happen) of sodium chloride. This is known as the chloralkali process. It can also be made by reacting hydrogen chloride with oxygen and a catalyst. It can be made in the laboratory by reacting manganese dioxide with hydrochloric acid. It is made when sodium hypochlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid. This is a dangerous reaction that can happen without anyone knowing.

As of 2021, the main use of chlorine is for bleach. It is also added to water, as a way of purifying it. Chlorine is both very reactive, and very poisonous. It will act as a disinfectant: if it is added to water, it will kill off bacteria and other organisms. Swimming pools are often filled with water that has been treated that way. 

Germany used chlorine as a chemical weapon in the First World War. They used it at the Second Battle of Ypres in 1915. According to soldiers, which were present at the battle, the chlorine smelled like a mixture of pepper and pineapple. It also tasted metallic and stung the back of the throat and chest. Chlorine reacts with water in the mucosa of the lungs to form hydrochloric acid. Hydrochloric acid will destroy living tissue. It often kills. Gas masks with activated charcoal or other filters can protect the respiratory system. This makes chlorine gas much less deadly than other chemical weapons. German scientist Fritz Haber of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Berlin was the first to use it. Together with IG Farben, he developed methods of how to use chlorine gas against an entrenched enemy. Chlorine is heavier than air, so it will stay in the trenches. On 22nd April, 1915, German forces attacked the French army. With of chlorine, they only killed about 1.200 French soldiers. For this reason, chlorine was soon replaced with the more deadly phosgene and mustard gas.

Because it is easily available, chlorine is still used as a chemical weapon in war. That way, it has been used in the Syrian civil war. It has also been used in an improvised explosive device in Iraq, in 2015.

Chlorine is used to make many compounds that are important: both chloroform and carbon tetrachloride contain chlorine.

It was discovered in 1774 by Carl Wilhelm Scheele who thought it had oxygen in it. Chlorine was named in 1810 by Humphry Davy who insisted it was an element. The US made all water chlorinated (added chlorine to water) by 1918.

It is poisonous in large amounts and can damage skin. When it is inhaled (breathed in), it irritates the lungs, eyes, and skin badly. It can cause fire with some things because it is very reactive. It is heavier than air, so it can fill up enclosed spaces.


Halogen

The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table, also known as Group 17. The elements in the group are fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, astatine, and tennessine. Halogen literally means "salt becomer", but it is often said to mean "salt producer". They are very reactive, so they are likely to join with other elements on the left side of the periodic table to make compounds. This is because they are missing one electron. They are rarely found alone in nature. Fluorine is the most reactive, while iodine is the least reactive. Astatine is very radioactive and hard to get.

Vitamin

A vitamin is a chemical compound that is needed in small amounts for the human body to work correctly. They include Vitamin A, many B vitamins (like B, B, B, B, and B), Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Vitamin E, and Vitamin K. For example, citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons contain vitamin C. 

The term was coined in 1912 by biochemist Casimir Funk, who isolated a complex of micronutrients and proposed the complex be named "vitamine". By convention the word "vitamin" does not include other essential nutrients, such as certain minerals, essential fatty acids and essential amino acids. 

Thirteen vitamins are recognized at present. Vitamins are classified by their biological and chemical activity, and not their structure. Each vitamin name (the word "vitamin" followed by a letter) refers to a number of vitamer compounds which all show the same biological activity. For example, "vitamin A" refers to several different chemicals. Vitamers convert to the active form of the vitamin in the body. They are sometimes inter-convertible to one another as well.

The body does not make these chemicals. They come from other places, usually food. A short term lack of a certain vitamin is usually not a problem, because the body can store vitamins for a short time. Not having a certain vitamin for a longer period of time can lead to different diseases, depending on the vitamin. Probably the best-known of these diseases is scurvy, which results from not having enough Vitamin C. Beriberi and rickets are others. 

Today, many drug companies make inexpensive pills that contain various vitamins. They help people avoid those diseases.

Vitamins can be either fat-soluble or water-soluble. Fat-soluble vitamins (A, D, E and K) can be stored in the body, and are used when needed. Water-soluble ones only stay in the body a short time.

Currently there are no vitamins F to J. These existed at some time. Today they are no longer seen as vitamins. Some of them were also false leads, and turned out to be something else. Others were renamed as B vitamins. Today, the B vitamins are a whole complex, and not just one vitamin. 

The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K (in addition to naming it as such) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the 'Koagulation' (clotting) of blood following wounding. At the time, most (but not all) of the letters from F through I were already designated, so the use of the letter K was considered quite reasonable.
The following table lists chemicals that had previously been classified as vitamins, as well as the earlier names of vitamins that later became part of the B-complex. 

Adultery

Adultery (informally known as cheating in non-religious situations) is a word used in religious texts like Exodus 20:14. Adultery applies to a married person having sex with someone other than the person who they are married to. 

In countries where religion is important, adultery often comes with a heavy punishment. Some Muslim countries punish it with death by stoning. In most countries adultery is no longer a crime, but most people still see it as a bad thing.(see Gospel of John 8) If a person who is married takes part in adultery, that person's husband or wife would usually have the right to be able to go to court to divorce them.

The word adultery originates not from “adult”, as is commonly thought in English-speaking countries, but from the Late Latin word for “to alter, corrupt”: “adulterare”. “Adulterare” in turn is formed by the combination of “ad” (towards), and “alter” (other), together with the infinitive form “are” (making it a verb). Thus the meaning is literally “to make other”. In contrast, the word “adult” (meaning a person of mature years) comes from another Latin root, “adolescere”, meaning to grow up or mature: a combination of “ad” (towards), “alere” (to nourish, to grow), and the inchoative infix “sc”(meaning to enter into a state of).

Famous adulterers include :



Perjury

Perjury is the word used for a person that tells a lie while they are under oath (in a courtroom). Committing perjury is against the law, and can be punished with a jail or prison sentence.

Perjury is a serious crime because it might be used to take away the power of a court, which can lead to punishment for the wrong person. In the United States, perjury is a federal offense, and it can be punished by five years in prison. However, in California, a person who commits perjury can get the death penalty if the perjury led to a wrongful execution.

The rules of perjury also apply when a person says or does something "under penalty of perjury", even if he or she never swore an oath. One example is the United States' income tax return, where people have to sign as true and correct under penalty of perjury. A person can be punished by three years in prison if he or she lies on the tax return.

A statement that involves "interpretation" are not perjury because people can judge incorrectly without knowing it. Perjury only happens if a person wanted to do it and then actually did.

The offence of perjury is written in section 132 of the Criminal Code. It is described by section 131, which says that perjury is when a person says something false when he or she knows that it is false. People who commit perjury can be imprisoned for fourteen years at most.

A person in the Court of Justice of the European Communities swears anything he knows is false is guilty of perjury. Proceedings for perjury can happen in any place in the State and the offence can be treated as if it happened in that place.

Perjury in American law comes from the common law of England, which defined the it as giving a false testimony under oath that has to do with the issue.

The American legal system defines perjury as saying anything knowingly false under oath to a "competent tribunal, officer, or person". The punishment can be a fine or up to five years in prison or both.

Lust

Lust is a term for a strong desire or wanting, or maybe even needing, often for sexual acts, although it is also commonly used to talk of a "lust for life" or a "lust for power" or for other goals.

As a sexual desire, it is considered a sin (a failing) by Christianity, which lists it as one of the seven deadly sins.

"Lust" was originally an Anglo-Saxon word which meant "desire" or "appetite". 

Seven deadly sins

The seven deadly sins, also known as cardinal sins, are types of sins within some Christian teachings, although they are not mentioned in the Bible. Behaviors or habits are grouped into this category if they directly form other wickedness. According to the regular list, they are pride, greed, wrath, envy, lust, gluttony and sloth, which are the opposite of the seven heavenly virtues. These types had their origins with the Desert Fathers, who recognized seven or eight evil thoughts. The seven deadly sins were portrayed in paintings and decorations on churches, as well as in older textbooks.

Most of the seven deadly sins are defined by Dante Alighieri as wicked versions of love. The seven deadly sins from lust to envy are generally associated with pride.

Ranked in order of least evil to most evil like in Dante's "Divine Comedy", the seven deadly sins are:



People notice that some of these sins are connected. They have attempted to set down an order to them. Each of these cardinal sins are ways of not loving God and not loving others as much as oneself.

The opposite of these sins are the seven heavenly virtues: chastity, moderation, charity, zeal, meekness, generosity, and humility.

According to the "Divine Comedy", there are punishments for those who die with unconfessed deadly sins.

The Lustfuls are swept around by a strong wind, without ever resting. This is because lust is so powerful, that it can blow one around without need.

The Gluttons are forced to lie down in a kind of snow, made by freezing rain, black snow, and hail. This symbolizes what they made with their life.

The Greedy are boiled in hot oil, it's the best oil that money can buy, but it's still pretty hot and you will be turned into gold.

The Slothful are thrown into a snake pit where the indolent will have to move around to get the snakes off them eternally.

The Wrathful’s limbs are ripped apart, because the furious use their arms and/or legs in their act of violence.

Bromine

Bromine (Br) is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 35, and its atomic weight is 80. It is part of the Group 7 elements (halogens) on the periodic table. It is diatomic, which means that two atoms are stuck together to make a molecule in any bromine sample.

Bromine is a red-brown liquid. Liquid elements are rare; only bromine and mercury are liquid at room temperature. It easily evaporates to make suffocating brown fumes. It has a bad smell. Its name means "stench of he-goats". It can become a metal at very high pressures.

It has two stable isotopes. They are Br and Br. There are about 29 other radioactive isotopes. 

Bromine is quite reactive. Its reactivity is between chlorine, which is more reactive, and iodine, which is less reactive. It reacts with metals and nonmetals. Phosphorus reacts violently with bromine. Aluminum reacts in a similar way. It can bleach things like chlorine. It reacts better in the light. It dissolves a little in water. Hot water makes it disproportionate into hydrobromic acid and hypobromous acid. Bromine can form compounds with substances such as sodium to form sodium bromide.

Bromine forms compounds in many oxidation states: –1, +1, +3, +5, and (sometimes) +7. –1 is the most common. It is found as bromide. Bromides are not reactive. They are colorless solids that dissolve in water easily. Covalent bromides can be liquids or gases. The other compounds are all strong oxidizing agents. Their chlorine cousins are more common. +1 has the hypobromites, which are unstable. +3 has the bromites. Bromine dioxide is the only common bromine compound found in the +4 oxidation state. +5 has the bromates, which are more common than all the other ones except the bromides. Bromates are strong oxidizing agents and are sometimes added to flour. +7 has the perbromates. Perbromates are very unstable.

Bromine is found as bromide in the ocean and in brine pools. The Dead Sea has a lot of bromide in it. Bromine is not an important part of our body, unlike its relatives chlorine and iodine.

Bromine is made by bubbling chlorine gas through a solution of a bromide. The bromide is oxidized to bromine, while the chlorine is reduced to chloride. 

It is mainly used to make organobromine compounds, organic compounds with bromine in them. Organobromines are used to put out fires. They used to be added to gasoline. Some were used as pesticides. Some inorganic bromides were used as sedatives. Bromine can also be used as a disinfectant. Silver bromide is used in film.

Bromine is toxic and corrosive to skin. Bromine gas is irritating when it is breathed in, too. Bromine can react violently with many things.

Fluorine

Fluorine (symbol F) is a chemical element that is very poisonous. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 9, and its atomic mass is 19. It is part of the Group 7 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements.

Fluorine is a light yellow diatomic gas. It is very reactive gas, which exists as diatomic molecules. It is the most reactive element. Fluorine has a very high attraction for electrons because it is missing one. This makes it the most powerful oxidizing agent. It can rip electrons from water (making oxygen) and ignite propane on contact. It does not need a spark. Metals can catch on fire when placed in a stream of fluorine. After it is reduced by reacting with other things, it forms the stable fluoride ion. Fluorine is very poisonous. Fluorine bonds very strongly with carbon. It can react with the unreactive noble gases. It explodes when mixed with hydrogen. The melting point of fluorine is -363.33°F (-219.62°C), the boiling point is -306.62°F (-188.12°C).

Chemical compounds containing fluorine ions are called fluorides. Fluorine only exists in one oxidation state: -1.

Fluorine is not found as an element on the earth becase it is too reactive. Several fluorides are found in the earth, though. When calcium phosphate is reacted with sulfuric acid to make phosphoric acid, some hydrofluoric acid is produced. Also, fluorite can be reacted with sulfuric acid to make hydrofluoric acid. Fluorite naturally occurs on the earths' crust in rocks, coal and clay.

Fluorine is normally made by electrolysis. Hydrogen fluoride is dissolved in potassium fluoride. This mixture is melted and an electric current is passed through it. This is electrolysis. Hydrogen is produced at one side and fluorine at the other side. If the sides are not separated, the cell may explode.

Someone made fluorine in 1986 without using electrolysis. They produced manganese(IV) fluoride by using various chemical compounds, which released fluorine gas.

Fluorine is used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons. It is also used to make sulfur hexafluoride. Sulfur hexafluoride is used to propel stuff out of an aerosol can. It is also used to make integrated circuits. Fluorine compounds have many uses. Fluoride ions are in fluorine compounds. Fluoride ions can be in toothpaste. Some are used in nonstick coatings. Freons contain fluorine.

Fluorine as an element is extremely reactive and toxic. It can react with almost everything, even glass. Fluorine is also poisonous.

Fluoride ions are somewhat toxic. If too much toothpaste containing fluoride is eaten then fluoride poisoning may occur. Fluoride is not reactive, though.


Iodine

Iodine is a chemical element. Its atomic number (which is the number of protons in it) is 53, and its atomic mass (the number of protons plus neutrons) is 127. It is part of the Group 7 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements and its electronic configuration is 2,8,8,18,17. It is a nonmetal. 

Iodine is a dark purple-black solid. It is also a nonmetal and a halogen. It sublimes when heated to make a bright purple vapor. This vapor is very irritating, although colorful. Iodine does not dissolve in water, but it does dissolve in a solution of an iodide in water. It dissolves easily in organic solvents.

Iodine is at the bottom of the halogens and is the least reactive of the halogens. Iodine is an oxidizing agent, though not as strong as bromine or chlorine. It can become the colorless iodide ion if another atom or molecule gives an iodine atom one of its electrons. This is called reduction. Iodine reacts with hydrogen sulfide or hydrazine to make hydriodic acid. Iodine dissolves in oleum to make a bright blue solution of I and sulfur dioxide. This cation is also made when iodine reacts with antimony pentafluoride. 

Iodine reacts with bases to make hypoiodite and iodide. The hypoiodite disproportionates to iodate and iodide. Iodine reacts with nitric acid and chlorates to make iodates, too. Iodine reacts violently with some metals like aluminium to make large amounts of heat and toxic vapors.

Iodine forms chemical compounds in several oxidation states: -1, +1, +3, +5, and +7. This is typical of the halogens except for fluorine. -1 compounds as iodides are the most common. Most organic iodine compounds are in the -1 oxidation state. Most iodides are colorless or reddish-yellow and are weak reducing agents. +1 and +3 compounds are quite rare. They are both oxidizing agents. +1 compounds are found as iodine monochloride and hypoiodites. +3 compounds are found as iodine trichloride or iodine trifluoride. +5 compounds are found as iodates and iodic acid. Iodine pentafluoride and iodine pentoxide are iodine compounds in the +5 state. +5 and +7 compounds are all strong oxidizing agents. +7 compounds are normally found as periodates and periodic acid. Iodine heptafluoride is also in the +7 oxidation state.

Potassium iodide is one of the most common iodides. Iodides are normally colorless but turn yellow after being in air because the iodide is oxidized to iodine. Iodides react with acidified manganese dioxide or chlorine to make iodine. Iodine monochloride is a red or brown liquid. Iodine trichloride, as well as iodine trifluoride, are yellow solids. Iodates like potassium iodate are colorless solids similar to chlorates. Iodic acid is the only stable oxidizing halogen acid. Chloric acid, by comparison, is very unstable and dangerous. Iodine pentoxide is a white solid, and iodine pentafluoride is a yellowish liquid. Periodates, like sodium periodate, are colorless solids similar to perchlorates, although weaker oxidizing agents. They decompose to iodates when they are heated. Periodic acid is not as stable as iodic acid. Iodine heptafluoride is the only iodine(VII) compound.

It was discovered by Barnard Courtois in 1811. He burned seaweed to get sodium carbonate and reacted the residue with sulfuric acid. One time, he poured too much sulfuric acid on the seaweed and purple vapor came out which made dark blue-black crystals on a cold surface. He did not have enough money to see whether it was a new element or not. He gave samples to several chemists, who identified it as an element in 1813.

Iodine is too reactive to be in nature as an element. Iodine compounds are not common in the ground. There is a mineral called caliche that is found in dry deserts. It has iodate in it. Iodide is found in seawater. Kelp has quite large amounts of iodine in it. Iodine is one of the heaviest elements needed by living things. If people do not get enough of it, they get a disease known as goitre. Most salt has iodine in it, in the form of iodide or iodate. People can also take iodine pills to make sure they get enough.

Kelp was burned and the iodine extracted from the ashes in the 18th and 19th century, but now it is not good enough for common use. Most iodine now is extracted from seawater. Chlorine is reacted with seawater to change the iodide to iodine. Air is blown over the water to evaporate the iodine. Then the iodine is reduced with sulfur dioxide to hydriodic acid. Then the hydriodic acid is oxidized with chlorine again to make iodine. This process is repeated until the iodine is pure. 

A very pure form of iodine is made by reacting copper sulfate and potassium iodide. This makes copper(II) iodide which is not stable. It breaks down into copper(I) iodide and iodine, which is pure.

Iodine is used as a catalyst for making acetic acid. Animal feed also has iodine in it for nutrition. Iodine is used for a disinfectant. Tincture of iodine is a common iodine disinfectant. Iodine can be used to prevent thyroid cancer after a nuclear explosion. After a nuclear explosion, radioactive iodine fills the air. The radioactive iodine easily goes into the thyroid and causes cancer. When people take iodine tablets, it fills up the thyroid with non-radioactive iodine which prevents any radioactive iodine from coming in.

Iodine compounds can be used in X-rays because X-rays cannot go through them easily. Some metals are purified using their iodides. Silver iodide is used in photographic film and cloud seeding. Erythrosine is a food coloring that has iodine in it. Iodine can be used to make illegal drugs so it is restricted in some areas. Iodine can be used as a test for reducing agents. Iodine turns colorless when mixed with a reducing agent. Iodine also turns black when mixed with starch. Iodides become colored when mixed with oxidizing agents.

Iodine can irritate skin. Its vapors are irritating to the lungs. It is less toxic than the other halogens, though. 2-3 grams of iodine can kill. Iodides are only toxic in large amounts.

Astatine

Astatine is a radioactive, chemical element. Its atomic number is 85, and its atomic weight is 210. It is part of the Group 17 (halogens) on the periodic table of elements. All of astatine's isotopes are short-lived; the most stable is astatine-210, with a half-life of 8.3 hours.

The first creation of the element was in 1940 by Dale R. Corson, Kenneth Ross MacKenzie, and Emilio G. Segrè at the University of California, Berkeley, who named it from the Greek "estates" (ἄστατος), meaning "unstable".

Astatine is highly radioactive and all its isotopes have half-lives of approximately 8 hours or less, the longest being astatine-210 with a half-life of a bit over eight hours. Some of its isotopes may be found in nature, but because it is so unstable, only about an ounce exists in the Earth's crust at any point in time. Chemists say it is the rarest element in the Earth's crust. Less reactive than iodine, astatine is the least reactive of the halogens. Only a few compounds with metals have been found, in the form of astatides of sodium, palladium, silver, thallium, and lead.

It can be used for cancer treatment and in radioactive tracers.

United States House of Representatives

The United States House of Representatives is a part of the United States (U.S.) Congress. Congress is the legislature of the U. S. government and makes federal laws. The other part of Congress is the U. S. Senate. There are maximum 435 members in the United States House of Representatives. These members are called U. S. Representatives or just representatives. All representatives are elected every two years.

The number of representatives from each state depends on the number of people in that state, the population, but there is at least one U. S. representative from each of the 50 states. Every 10 years, the United States Census Bureau counts the population of the United States. States gain or lose Representatives based on the count. The House of Representatives is in one of the two wings in the U.S. Capitol building. The other wing is for the Senate. Sometimes the House of Representatives is informally called the House. The chairman/chairperson in the U.S. House of Representatives is called the Speaker of the House.

According to the U.S. Constitution, all bills about raising revenue, which includes taxes, must start in the House of Representatives. Also, only the House of Representatives has the power to impeach certain officials, such as the president or federal judges. According to the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives can expel, or impeach, one of its representatives by a vote of at least two-thirds of its members.


Lourdes Flores Nano

Dr.Lourdes Celmira Flores Nano (born October 7 1959) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. She is the leader of the Christian People's Party. She tried to become the mayor of Lima in 2010.

Flores Nano was born in Lima in 1959. She studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. She studied for a Phd in Law from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, one of the world's oldest universities in Madrid, Spain. She was a member of the Lima Municipal Council and then a member of the National Congress of Peru. In 2001 and 2006 she was a candidate in election for the President of Peru.

Novel

Novels are books which have one long story written in them. They are works of prose fiction. They are longer than short stories and novellas. There are many kinds. For example, some are adventure stories, like "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson. There are horror (scary) stories like Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein". There are also science fiction novels like "Dune" by Frank Herbert, and humorous novels like "Tom Sawyer" by Mark Twain. Novels in English are usually at least 60,000 words long. Some are much bigger, 150,000 words or more. Novels usually have 100 pages or more.

The first novels were written more than three hundred years ago. Some people say that "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes is the first novel. It was first published in 1605.

There are many different genres, or categories, of novels. Some of these are:

Fiction

Fiction is any story made up by an author. It is a creation of the author's imagination. It is not based strictly on history or facts.

The opposite of fiction is non-fiction, writing that deals with facts and true events. Often in a library, part of the library is for fiction books and another part of the library is for non-fiction.

The word "fiction" comes from the Latin word "fictum", which means "created". This is a good way to remember what fiction is: if it has been created or made up by somebody, it is fiction. Fiction can be written or told, or acted on stage, in a movie, on television or radio. Usually the purpose of fiction is to entertain. 

However, the dividing line is not always so clear. Fiction with real people or events in it is called "historical fiction", because it is based on things that happened in history. This type of fiction is written so that we can imagine and understand what it was like when those people were alive. Reality can be presented through creative writing, and imagination can open the reader's mind to significant thoughts about the real world. 

In fiction, there are always characters. There is usually a protagonist, or hero. Sometimes this is a group of people, not one person. You usually support the hero (or heroes.) The protagonist has to face some kind of enemy, usually another character called the antagonist, or villain. The fight between the protagonist and their enemy is called the "conflict".

Plot is a literary term. It is the events that make up a story, particularly as they relate to one another. The events may form a pattern. That pattern may be a sequence, through cause and effect, or how the reader views the story, or simply by coincidence. (For example, at the start. a puppy hunged by a tree branch. At the middle, someone sees that puppy is about to fall. At the end, someone saves the puppy.)

In his "Poetics", Aristotle considered plot ("mythos") the most important element of drama—more important than character, for example. A plot must have, Aristotle says, a beginning, a middle, and an end, and the events of the plot must causally relate to one another as being either necessary or probable.

Of the utmost importance to Aristotle is the plot's ability to arouse emotion in the psyche of the audience. In tragedy, the emotions are fear and pity, emotions which he considers in his "Rhetoric".

Gustav Freytag considered plot a narrative structure that divided a story into five parts, like the five acts of a play. These parts are: exposition (of the situation); rising action (through conflict); climax (or turning point); falling action; and resolution.

The climax is the most dangerous and exciting part of the plot. For example, if you were on a rollercoaster, the highest part would be the climax.
The climax usually near to the end of the story, because the whole story has been building up to it (rising action). In an action drama it is the point when the hero or heroine looks like s/he is about to lose, and is in the greatest danger.

Conflict is very important in fiction. Every work of fiction needs a conflict, or problem. There are five basic types of conflict. In modern times, a new one, "Person vs. Technology", has been used.

Person vs. Self is when a character is facing his own fears, confusion or philosophy. Sometimes the character tries to find out who he or she is, and comes to realize it or change it. Sometimes the character struggles to find out what is right or wrong. Although the enemy is inside the character, they can be influenced by outside forces. The struggle of the human being to come to a decision is the base of this type of conflict.

Person vs. Person is when the hero is fighting another person. There is usually more than one time that the hero meets the enemy. For example, if a child is being bullied, that is person vs. person conflict. An example is the conflict between Judah and Messala in "".

Person vs. Society is when the hero's main source of conflict is traditions or ideas. The protagonist is basically fighting what is wrong with the world he lives in. Society itself is often treated as a single character, just as another person is in person vs. person conflict. An example in literature would be "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë.

Person vs. Nature is when a character is fighting against forces of nature. Many films focus on this theme. It is also found in stories about trying to survive in places far away from humans, like Jack London's short story "To Build a Fire".

Person vs. Supernatural is when a character is battling supernatural forces. Sometimes, this force is inside themselves, it is internal. Such stories are sometimes used to represent or criticize Freud's theory of id vs. superego. Bram Stoker's "Dracula" is a good example of this, as well as "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley and "Christabel" by Samuel Coleridge. It is also very common in comic books.

Person vs. Machine/Technology places a character against robot forces with artificial intelligence. "I, Robot" and the "Terminator" series are good examples of this conflict.


Oak Lawn, Illinois

Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County, Illinois, USA. It is a suburb of Chicago.

Fossil fuel

Fossil fuels are fuels that come from old life forms that decomposed over a long period of time. The three most important fossil fuels are coal, petroleum, and natural gas. 

Petroleum and gas are hydrocarbons (molecules that have only hydrogen and carbon in them). Coal is mostly carbon. These fuels are called fossil fuels because they are dug up from underground. Coal mining digs up solid fuel; gas and oil wells bring up liquid fuel. Fossil fuel was not much used until the Middle Ages. Coal became the main kind of fuel with the Industrial Revolution.

Most of the fuels people burn are fossil fuels. A big use is to make electricity. In power plants fossil fuels, usually coal, are burned to heat water into steam, which pushes a fan-like object called a turbine. When the turbine spins around, magnets inside the turbine make electricity. 

Crude oil (petroleum) can be separated to make various fuels such as LPG, gasoline, kerosene, jet fuel, and diesel fuel. These substances are made by fractional distillation in an oil refinery. They are the main fuels in transportation. That means that they are burned in order to move cars, trucks, ships, airplanes, trains and even spacecraft. Without them, there wouldn't be much transport. 

People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes. They use coal less for this than they did long ago, because it makes things dirty. In many homes, people burn natural gas in a stove for cooking.

Fossil fuels are widely used in construction. 

All fossil fuels come from the periods in Earth's history when the Earth had huge tropical forests. In those periods, plants lived, grew and died, faster than they decayed. In other words, they were times when much of the dead vegetation did not entirely decompose. Instead it became coal and related substances such as peat.

The times of the great wetlands which produced coal and peat were in the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian), continuing in the first part of the Permian; the Jurassic and Eocene periods. Virtually all the worlds' coal dates to those periods.

Most air pollution comes from burning fossil fuels. This can be reduced by making the combustion process more efficient, and by using various techniques to reduce the escape of harmful gases. This pollution is responsible for causing the earth to get warmer, called global warming. They are also non-renewable resources, there is only a limited amount of coal, gas, and oil, and it is not possible to make more. Eventually all the fossil fuels will be used. Some scientists think that coal will have run out by 2200 and oil by 2040. 

Renewable energy sources like biomass energy such as firewood are being used. Countries are also increasing the use of wind power, tidal energy, and solar energy to generate electricity. Some governments are helping automobile makers to develop electric cars and hybrid cars that will use less oil.


Boston Bruins

The Boston Bruins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were the first American team in the NHL, in 1924. They have won six Stanley Cup championships, and they lost against the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals after winning in 2011.

In their early years, the Bruins won three Stanley Cups: 1929, 1939, and 1941. Ralph "Cooney" Weiland won the Art Ross Trophy as scoring champion in 1930. Aubrey "Dit" Clapper was also a star player around this time. Then Eddie Shore came along, a huge star in the league on defense. Shore won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player (MVP) four times: in 1933, 1935, 1936 and 1938. Only Gordie Howe and Wayne Gretzky have won it more often. Cecil "Tiny" Thompson was the team's star goaltender.

In the 1940s and 1950s the Bruins had new stars. Milt Schmidt and Bill Cowley were great centers and both won scoring championships and MVP trophies. They were helped by Woody Dumart and Bobby Bauer on wing, and Frank Brimsek replaced Thompson in goal.

The 1960s were not so good for the Bruins. Schmidt retired to become the team's coach and the team did not have many stars. They finished in last place six times out of seven years and did not make the playoffs eight straight seasons. Left wing John Bucyk was their best player.

Bobby Orr began as a defenseman with Boston in 1966. After his rookie (first) season, he won the Norris Trophy as best defenseman in the NHL eight times in a row, and the Bruins became a top team again. He joined with centers Phil Esposito and Derek Sanderson, Bucyk and goalie Gerry Cheevers to lead the Bruins to the Stanley Cup in 1970 and 1972. Orr won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs both years. He also won the Hart Trophy in 1970, 1971, and 1972; Esposito won it in 1969 and 1974. Esposito won five Art Ross Trophies: 1969, 1971, 1972, 1973, and 1974. Orr won it in 1970 and 1975, the only defenseman ever to win the scoring title. The Bruins continued to be a strong team through the late 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. 

Ray Bourque, who won the Norris Trophy five times, was the team's greatest star in the 1980s and 1990s. He is the team's top career scorer, and the highest scoring defenseman in NHL history. The Bruins won the President's Cup as regular-season champions in 1983 and 1990, and made the Stanley Cup finals in 1988 and 1990. Cam Neely was an important player until the mid-1990s, and Joe Thornton was a top scorer until he was traded to the San Jose Sharks in 2005. The Bruins won the Stanley Cup championship in 2011. In the 2018-2019 season the Bruins made the Stanley Cup final once again, losing to the eventual Stanley Cup Champion St. Louis Blues in 7 games. 

In the 2022–2023, the Bruins broke the record for the most wins by a NHL team with 63 wins. They would win two more games to finish the regular season with 65 wins. In the playoffs, the Bruins would face the Florida Panthers, but lost Game 7 at home after initially taking a 3 games to 1 series lead.


George Morrow

George Morrow (c. 1934 - May 7, 2003) was part of the early microcomputer industry in the United States. Morrow promoted (make popular) and improved the S-100 bus used in many early microcomputers. Morrow was also a member of the Homebrew Computer Club.

Starting in 1976, he designed and sold computers, computer parts, and accessories under several company names, including "Morrow Designs". Morrow's companies built microcomputers that used the CP/M operating system. When IBM started selling their IBM PC personal computer in 1981, Morrow and other CP/M computer makers had trouble competing. Morrow Designs filed for bankruptcy in 1986.

Dietary mineral

A dietary mineral is a chemical element that a living thing needs to be part of what they eat, other from the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen which are already very common in living things.

One example of a dietary mineral is calcium, which humans and many other animals need to build strong bones and teeth, among other things. Iron is another mineral, which you can find in red meat. It is important for us to have iron as it creates red blood cells. Other common minerals include potassium and phosphorus.


Cleveland, England

Cleveland is an area in the North of Yorkshire, England. That means it is in North East England.

As a non-metropolitan county it existed between 1 April 1974 and 31 March 1996. The districts which made up the county are now all unitary authorities.

Hungarian language

Hungarian is a Uralic language. The Hungarian name for the language is "Magyar".

The Finno-Ugric languages also include Finnish, Estonian, Lappic (Sámi) and some other languages spoken in Russia: Khanty and Mansi are the most closely related to Hungarian. The Hungarian name for the language is "Magyar".

Although Hungarian is not an Indo-European language, unlike most other European languages, its vocabulary has many words from Slavic and Turkic languages and also from German.

Hungarian is spoken by approximately 13 million people. Most of them live in Hungary (around 10 million) and Romania (around 1.5 million), but there are also speakers in Slovakia, the northern part of Serbia (Vojvodina), Ukraine and other countries. Hungarian is the official language of Hungary and one of the official languages of the European Union (EU). It is also an official language of the Autonomous Republic of Vojvodina (Serbia) and of some places in the Republic of Slovenia.

Hungarian has several dialects, but people can easily understand one another. The Csángó dialect in Romania, however, is archaic and has changed less than the other dialects.

Hungarian literary language is based on the Northeastern dialect.

Although Hungarian is not an Indo-European language, its vocabulary has many words from Slavic and Turkic languages and also from German.

Austro-Hungarian (Össtereich-Ungarn dialekt, Ausztriai-Magyar nyelvjárás) is a dialect of Hungarian that inherited loanwords from German such as grammar structure, phonology and pronounciation, the language first spoken in the 1800's during the statehood of Austria-Hungary.

text in Hungarian and Austro-Hungarian

Hungarian;

Nem kell palota ahoz hogy boldog légy, nem kell pénz és gazdagság hogy minden embernek jót szívében millió csillag ragyog, s akkor leszel igazán boldog ha fényleni hagyod.

Austro-Hungarian;

Nem kell brauchst keinen hogy boldog zu sein, te brauchst kein pénz und gazdagság sein, um anderen Gutes tégy, eine ember hertze million csillag glücklich, du sie leuchten igazán boldog wenn fényleni lässen.

Today, there are an estimated 1.7 million people who can speak Austro-Hungarian near the Austrian and Hungarian border.

Hungarian grammar is very different from that of Indo-European languages like English.

Hungarian has no grammatical gender. For example, there are no separate words for "he" and "she" but there is one pronoun ("ő"). Instead of prepositions, (like "from" or "with"), Hungarian uses suffixes (particles at the end of main words). For example, "from Budapest" becomes "Budapestről", and "with Alexandra" becomes "Alexandrával".

Another Hungarian feature is vowel harmony: suffixes change according to (harmonise with) the vowel of the main word. If they have "a" in the word, the suffix normally has "a" as well ("fa" "tree" and "fával" """with a tree"), and if they have "e", the suffix will change to have "e" as well' ("teve" "camel" and "tevével" "with a camel").

Hungarian words have the accent on the first syllable.

The Hungarian alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet. Some letters have diacritics (dots or commas above them) and so Hungarian has 44 letters, more than the 26 of English.

Since Hungarian writing is mostly phonetic, it is easy to write words by knowing their pronunciation.

The earliest known written Hungarian words are to be found in a Latin document, the "Foundation Charter of the Abbey of Tihany" (1054). The "Funeral Oration and Prayer" (1192-95) and the "Old Hungarian Lament of Mary" (13th century) are the earliest known continuous Hungarian texts.

In the 16th century, the first printed Hungarian texts were published. The modern literary language appeared in the 18th and the 19th centuries.

Hungarian replaced Latin as the official language of Hungary between 1844 and 1849 and then again in 1867.


Hungarian

Hungarian can mean:

Rochester, New York

Rochester is the fourth-largest city in the U.S. state of New York. It has a little over 200,000 people living in it and over a million people living in the metropolitan area. It is on the southern shore of Lake Ontario. It is between the cities of Buffalo and Syracuse.

WHEC NBC

WROC CBS

WXXI PBS

WOKR American Broadcasting Company

WUHF Fox Broadcasting Company

WGBT UPN

Rochester is on the shore of Lake Ontario, one of the Great Lakes. Also, the Genesee River flows through it. In the area near Rochester, there are many streams, large hills called drumlins, and lakes, such as the Finger Lakes. The weather in Rochester is warm in the summer and cold in the winter, with a lot of snow falling in the winter and early spring.

Rochester is the headquarters of Eastman Kodak, a company that makes cameras and camera film. Rochester is also the home to universities such as the University of Rochester and the Rochester Institute of Technology.


Dragon (disambiguation)

A dragon is a legendary creature, typically with reptile-like traits.

Dragon might also mean:

Shop

A shop or store is a place where people can go to buy items that they need or want. People might go to a shop to buy food, clothes, furniture, jewelry, or many other things. There are loads of shops in the world people can buy their things from.

People might also go to a repair shop if something is broken, and they want the shop to fix it. For example, someone might bring a broken bicycle to a bicycle repair shop.

Shops can be anything from large supermarket chains to small businesses. 

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (movie)

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a 1975 American drama movie based on Ken Kesey's novel of the same name, directed by Miloš Forman and starring Jack Nicholson and Louise Fletcher. It is set on a locked psychiatric ward in 1963 Oregon which is run by the tyrannical Nurse Ratched (Fletcher) and where the new patient Randle McMurphy (Nicholson) rebels against her. It was the first movie to win all five main Academy Awards since "It Happened One Night". These awards included Best Picture, Best Actor (Nicholson), Best Actress (Fletcher), Best Director (Forman), and Best Adapted Screenplay. The movie was the 20th best ever, according to the American Film Industry's AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. The screenplay was also nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay. The novel's writer, Kesey, disliked the movie, because it did not take the perspective (view) of a Native American character, Chief Bromden (a more important character in the book than in the movie).


Dr. Strangelove

Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (better known as only Dr. Strangelove) is a 1964 British-American black comedy movie directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick, and starring Peter Sellers.

The story concerns an unhinged United States Air Force general, Sterling Hayden as Jack D. Ripper. He orders a first strike nuclear attack on the Soviet Union. It follows the President, his advisers, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and a Royal Air Force (RAF) officer as they try to recall the bombers to prevent a nuclear apocalypse. It separately follows the crew of one B-52 bomber as they try to deliver their payload.

The key to the film is the acting of Peter Sellers, who played three main roles:

Sellers was due to play Maj. Kong as well but exhaustion made him feign injury to get out of the role. The role of Maj. Kong went to Slim Pickens instead.

During the movie's ending, the world is blown up by a Soviet deterrence weapon, the Cobalt-Thorium G "doomsday machine", whose existence had not been announced. Vera Lynn's recording of "We'll Meet Again" is played as the world meets its end (it was a famous song of World War II).

This is sometimes said to be a movie of the book Peter George's thriller novel "Red Alert" (1958). But in this book Strangelove's character does not appear. It seems the director Stanley Kubrick had intended to use ideas from the book, but as the movie developed the influence of tragic-comedy and the genius of Peter Sellers changed its direction.

In 1989, the United States Library of Congress chose this movie to be kept in the National Film Registry. This means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies.


Animal husbandry

Animal husbandry is the care and breeding of animals, particularly livestock. People have done this for a very long time; it is much older than agriculture. Nomadic people and people In rural areas often teach their children how to care for their animals. 4-H is an organization that also teaches children in the United States how to raise and care for farm animals.

Some people who specialize in animal husbandry try to make sure that the animals are well cared for, while others try to make sure that the animals cost as little as possible to raise.

Examples of animal husbandry are:


Animal husbandry includes domestication of animals to obtain animal products (like milk, meat, wool, leather), and use them for transportation.

Dairy farming is a branch of animal husbandry whereby dairy animals are raised for their milk. The cow is mainly used throughout the world to produce milk and milk products for human consumption. Other animals used to a lesser extent for this purpose include sheep, goats, camels, buffaloes, yaks, reindeer, horses and donkeys. In the past, cows were kept in small herds on family farms, grazing pastures and fed hay in winter, nowadays they are kept in larger herds, more intensive systems and the feeding of silage.

Many animals are raised for their meat. Meat, mainly from farmed animals, is a major source of dietary protein around the world. Cattle generally produce a single offspring annually which takes more than a year to mature; sheep and goats often have twins and these are ready for slaughter in less than a year; pigs give birth to more than one litter of up to about 11 piglets each year. Horses, donkeys, deer, buffalo, llamas, alpacas, guanacos and vicunas are farmed for meat in various regions.

Poultry includes all birds domesticated by man. They are kept for their eggs and for their meat. They include chickens, turkeys, geese and ducks. Chickens are mainly used throughout the world for egg production. Methods for keeping poultry range from free-range systems, where the birds can roam as they will but at night they are kept in barns for their own protection, through semi-intensive systems where they are kept in barns and have perches, litter and some freedom of movement, to intensive systems where they are kept in cages.

Walt Disney World

The Walt Disney World Resort, also called Walt Disney World or Disney World, is an entertainment complex near Orlando, Florida. It opened on October 1, 1971 with only the Magic Kingdom theme park. It has since added Epcot (October 1, 1982), Disney's Hollywood Studios (May 1, 1989) and Disney's Animal Kingdom (April 22, 1998). It also has 2 water parks, 23 hotels, a campground, and Disney Springs, which is a shopping area with souvenir shops, restaurants, and sports activities. It covers an area of and is the largest theme park in the world. 

The resort was inspired by the dreams of Walt Disney and his creation of Disneyland in California. Its original theme park, Magic Kingdom, is designed similarly to Disneyland. Walt Disney created "Disney World" to have a vacation resort that was much different from Disneyland's one-day visit; this includes a much wider variety of sports, recreation, themed resort hotels and entertainment. The theme parks come with lots of different and fun rides and you can go swimming at the water parks. Sometimes, Disney characters walk around the parks to enjoy the younger ones. The rides are related to the books and films that Disney created.

The resort is approximately as large as San Francisco and twice the size of Manhattan. It has many exciting destinations including theme parks, water parks and more.

There are 4 theme parks in Walt Disney World. Each of them have numerous rides, restaurants and entertainment activities to witness. You can meet Disney characters there and have fun viewing different parades.

There are 2 water parks:



Harp

The harp is a musical instrument. It is the second biggest string instrument in an orchestra. It dates back to 4000 BC when the Egyptians used them in holy places. Christian artists often draw angels playing harps in Heaven.

Harps have strings that are tied to the frame, which is usually a triangle made of wood. Each string is tight, and the frame must be strong so that the many tight strings do not break it. The side of the triangle that leans on the player's body is called the "sound box".

The top side of the triangle has a lot of pegs in it. There is one peg for each string on the harp. The top of each string is tied to one peg, and twisted around the peg. The player turns the peg to make the string more tight or less tight. This is how the player makes each string make the right note. The bottom of each string is tied to the sound box.

The last side of the triangle is called the pillar. Many of the oldest harps did not have them. If the strings were too tight, they would break the harp. Adding a pillar to a harp frame makes the frame very strong, so that the strings will not break it.

Harp players pluck the strings with their fingers, similar to a guitar. This makes the strings move so that the strings make sounds. Each string sound is a different musical note. Harp players play music by plucking the strings in the right order and at the right time. More than one string can be plucked at the same time to make a chord, or they can be played quickly, one after another, to make an arpeggio. When the harp player wants a note to stop, they touch that string softly, so that it stops moving.

There are many different kinds of harps. The two main kinds are folk harps and pedal harps.

The folk harp is the older kind of harp, the oldest dating back to 3000 BC in Ancient Egypt. In these harps, each string can only make one note at a time. They are usually tuned so that playing each string in order sounds like playing all the white notes on a piano in order. This is called a diatonic scale. In some places, they are tuned so that playing each string in order sounds like playing all the black notes on a piano in order. This is called a pentatonic scale.

Folk harps can be found in many different sizes. The smallest ones can be less than half a meter tall and can have as little as 20 strings. The biggest ones can be almost 1.5 meters tall, have up to 40 strings, and can stand on the ground by themselves. These harps are too big to be lifted by one person.

The pedal harp was invented during the 1800s by a man in France. This is the kind of harp that is heard in most classical music and is used in the modern symphony orchestra, and for this reason it is often called a concert harp. Pedal harps are about two meters tall and have about 50 strings. The lowest and highest notes on a pedal harp are the same as the lowest and highest notes on a piano. They are very heavy, and need more than one person to move them. The frame is usually made out of metal.

Like the folk harp, the pedal harp is tuned like the white keys on a piano. However, it has seven pedals to let the harp player play music in different keys. Each pedal, named after the different musical notes, has three places. For the "A" pedal, the usual place makes all the "A" strings sound like a normal "A" ("A"-natural). The lower place makes all the "A" strings on the harp sound like "A"-flat, while the higher place makes all the "A" strings sound like "A"-sharp. 

A cross-strung harp is a pedal harp that is chromatic and consists of two rows of strings. They cross near to the middle of the string without touching. The strings are in the order of the piano keys (7 plus 5) or in the order of the 6-plus-6 system.

Some instruments have the word harp in their name, but they are not really harps. The harp is such an old musical instrument, that people sometimes say "harp" when they mean any kind of instrument.

1472

1472 was a leap year.


Kassam Stadium

Kassam Staudium is an arena in Oxford, England. It is where Oxford United F.C. plays. It is the biggest arena in the blue square premier league conference national

Nucleotide

A nucleotide is an organic molecule. Nucleotides are the building blocks of the nucleic acids RNA and DNA. These two types of nucleic acid are essential biomolecules in all forms of life on Earth.

A nucleotide is composed of a nucleobase (nitrogenous base), a five-carbon sugar (either ribose or 2-deoxyribose), and one phosphate group. Nucleotides contain either a purine or a pyrimidine base. Ribonucleotides are nucleotides in which the sugar is ribose. Deoxyribonucleotides are nucleotides in which the sugar is deoxyribose.

In DNA, the purine bases are adenine and guanine, and the pyrimidines are thymine and cytosine. RNA uses uracil in place of thymine. Adenine always pairs with thymine by 2 hydrogen bonds, while guanine pairs with cytosine through 3 hydrogen bonds, each due to their unique structures.

Nucleotides also play a central role in metabolism at a fundamental, cellular level. They provide chemical energy for the many cellular functions that need it. Examples are: amino acid, protein and cell membrane synthesis, moving the cell and cell parts (both internally and intercellularly), cell division, and so on. In addition, nucleotides work in cell signaling, and they are in important cofactors of enzymatic reactions (e.g. coenzyme A, FAD, FMN, NAD, and NADP).

In experimental biochemistry, nucleotides can be labeled using radionuclides to make radionucleotides.

Voting

Voting is when a group of people decide something by saying what they want. It can be for electing a leader or representative, passing a law, and other things. When people are done voting, the votes are counted (often by machines) and the winner is determined.

Voting can be done in small groups (friends deciding what to do over weekend), societies (building committee deciding on whether to paint a building), nations (voting for president or - in some cases - voting for independence) and global (United Nations deciding how to limit nuclear weapon development). 

Usually the side that gets most votes will win. This is called majority rule. The right to vote is called suffrage.

In some cases, a certain percentage may be needed to win a vote. This is often the case when voting to change the constitution of a country, or when electing a government official. When choosing a government official, there may be several rounds. In the first round, votes can be cast for all candidates. In the second round, only the two or three candidates with the most votes can be chosen.
Voting is done in democratic government.

There may also be different systens: In some cases, each person has one vote. Other systems may be like ranking, such as picking the three options the person sees most suitable, for example out of five.

Especially in bigger votes, it is often not be possible to track who cast a certain vote.


Joule

A joule ( or sometimes ) is a unit in the SI system. It measures energy; usually in scientific or electrical appliances . It is named after James Prescott Joule. 

A joule refers to the amount of energy transferred to an object when a force of 1 newton is applied on it over a distance of 1 metre (1J = 1N × 1m). It is related to the watt (a unit of power): one watt equals one joule per second.

It can also be understood as the work done for passing one ampere of electric current through an electric circuit of external resistance equivalent to one ohm for one second. 

Carl Friedrich Gauss

Carl Friedrich Gauss (pronunciation: , Latin: Carolus Fridericus Gauss) (30 April 1777 – 23 February 1855) was a famous mathematician from Göttingen, Germany. Gauss contributed to many areas of learning. Most of his work was about number theory, statistics, and astronomy.

He was born in Braunschweig. That city was then part of the duchy of Braunschweig-Lüneburg. Today the city is part of Lower Saxony. As a child, he was a prodigy, meaning he was very clever. When he was 3 years old, he told his father that he had made a mistake on his complicated payroll. The child was correct. Gauss also taught himself to read.

When he was in elementary school, his teacher once tried to keep the children busy, telling them to add up all the numbers from 1 to 100. Gauss did it quickly, like this: 1 + 100 = 101, 2 + 99 = 101, 3 + 98 = 101, and so on. There were a total of 50 pairs, so 50 × 101 = 5,050. The formula is formula_1. There are many other versions of this story.

The Duke of Brunswick gave Gauss a fellowship to the Collegium Carolinum, where he attended from 1792 to 1795. This meant that the Duke paid for the education of Carl Friedrich Gauss at the Collegium. After this, Gauss went to the University of Göttingen, from 1795 to 1798.

When Gauss was 23, scientists spotted the asteroid Ceres but they did not see it for long enough to know its orbit. Gauss made calculations that let them locate it.

Later in life Gauss stopped working on pure math and turned to physics. He did work in electromagnetism and made an early electrical telegraph.

Gauss wrote Disquisitiones Arithmeticae which is a book about number theory. In that book he proved the law of Quadratic reciprocity. He also was the first mathematician to explain Modular arithmetic in a very detailed way. Before Gauss, mathematicians had used modular arithmetic in some cases but did not know much about using it broadly.

Gauss made important discoveries in Probability theory.


Grand Canyon

The Grand Canyon is a famous canyon in Arizona, formed by the Colorado River. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and a National Park of the United States. It is also one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.

The Grand Canyon is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and is over a mile (1.83 km) (6000 feet) deep in places. Nearly two billion years past of the Earth's geological history have been exposed as the Colorado River and its tributaries (smaller rivers) cut their channels through layer after layer of rock.

Evidence suggests the Colorado River established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years ago. Since that time, the Colorado River continued to erode and form the canyon to the point we see it at today. 

The result of all the erosion is one of the most complete geologic columns (stacks of rock layers) on the planet. There are nearly 40 major sedimentary rock layers exposed in the Grand Canyon and in the Grand Canyon National Park area. They range in age from about 200 million to nearly 2 billion years old.

Most were laid down in warm, shallow seas, near ancient, long-gone sea shores in western North America. Both marine and terrestrial sediments are represented, including fossilized sand dunes from an ancient desert. There are at least 14 known unconformities in the geologic record found in the Grand Canyon area.

The major rock exposures in the Grand Canyon range in age from the almost 2 billion year old Vishnu Schist at the bottom of the Inner Gorge to the 230 million year old Kaibab Limestone on the rim.

Shown in the diagram, there is a gap of about one billion years between the stratum that is about 500 million years old (blue) and the lower level, which is about 1.5 billion years old at the top (green). This large unconformity indicates a period of erosion between two periods of deposition.

Many of the formations were deposited in warm shallow seas, near-shore environments (such as beaches), and swamps. The seashore repeatedly advanced and retreated over the edge of a proto-North America.

The great depth of the Grand Canyon and especially the height of its strata (most of which formed below sea level) was caused by 5,000 to 10,000 feet (1500 to 3000 m) uplift of the Colorado Plateau. This started about 65 million years ago during the Laramide period of orogeny (mountain-building). This uplift steepened the gradient of the Colorado River and its tributaries, which increased their speed and their ability to cut through rock.

Weather conditions during the ice ages also increased the amount of water in the Colorado River drainage system. The ancestral Colorado River responded by cutting its channel faster and deeper.

The base level and course of the Colorado River (or its ancestral equivalent) changed 5.3 million years ago when the Gulf of California opened and lowered the river's base level (its lowest point). This increased the rate of erosion and cut nearly all of the Grand Canyon's current depth by 1.2 million years ago. The stepped appearance of the rocks was caused by their varied resistance to the flow of water.

Between three million and 100,000 years ago, volcanic activity spread ash (tuff) and lava over the area and at times completely blocked the river. These volcanic rocks are the youngest in the canyon.

Many people come from around the world to visit the Grand Canyon. People can also take trips floating on the Colorado River in boats and rafts. Some people like to hike in the Grand Canyon. The land on the north side of the Grand Canyon is called the "North Rim". The land on the south side of the Grand Canyon is called the "South Rim". "North Rim" is open to visitors from May to October. It is possible to visit "South Rim" all year round. 

There are trails leading from the North Rim and the South Rim to the bottom of the canyon. These trails lead to a place at the bottom of the canyon called "Phantom Ranch". Phantom Ranch has a campground and cabins where hikers can spend the night. Some people also ride mules into the Grand Canyon. Most people who visit the Grand Canyon drive in cars to the South Rim and just look at the canyon from the rim and take pictures. The are also free shuttles for visitors. They are a good way to go from one viewpoint to another. Many tourists like to fly over the canyon on a helicopter to have a panoramic view.

Grand Canyon admission is $35 per car. People accessing by foot or bicycle have to pay $20. Admission to Grand Canyon is included in the National Parks & Federal Recreational Lands Annual Pass ($80), which is valid to enter all National Park in United States for a year.



Dairy product

Dairy products are foods that are made from animal milk. Usually, they are made from the milk of cows and goats, but they can be made from the milk of other animals as well.

Dairy products include milk, cheese, butter, yogurt,ice cream...etc

Alberto Fujimori

Alberto Fujimori (born July 28, 1938) was the President of Peru from 1990 to 2000. A controversial figure in Peruvian politics, his government is credited with the creation of Fujimorism, defeating the Shining Path insurgency and restoring Peru's macroeconomic stability. He is still remembered in Peru for defeating Shining Path, the peace with Ecuador and recovering the economy after the presidency of Alan García. Even amid his prosecution in 2008 for crimes against humanity relating to his presidency, two-thirds of Peruvians polled voiced approval for his leadership in that period.

In 2001, Fujimori's head of intelligence, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of doing illegal things. People thought that Fujimori was also involved.

After that, Fujimori went to Japan, because he has Japanese ancestors, thus is a citizen there. Japan protected him from Peruvian law since they do not find any valid accusation. Fujimori resigned the Presidency of Peru. Valentín Paniagua was elected president by the Congress soon after Fujimori resigned.

In 2005 Fujimori was detained in Chile. After his extradition in 2007 the Peruvian government put him on trial and convicted him. He was sentenced to several years in prison. On 24 December 2017, President Kuczynski pardoned him on health grounds but in 2019 he was put back in prison.

His daughter, Keiko is also a politician and ran for president three times, the most recent being is 2021.

List of presidents of Peru

This is a list of presidents of Peru.

The Republic of Peru was reestablished on August 25, 1839.

