Amphora

In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, amphoras were used to transport liquids or grain. Amphores had two handles, used for carrying. Amphoras existed in different sizes, between 5 litres and 50 litres. They were made of clay, or metal. Cargo ships for liquids were full of amphorae.

Most of the amphoras that now exist were made in old times of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. However, many were made long before then. Some amphoras date from as far back as 4500 BCE. Some varieties have been found in ancient China.

Peter Waldo

Peter Waldo, Valdo, or Waldes ("c". 1140 – "c". 1218), also Pierre Vaudès or de Vaux, is believed by many to have started the Waldensians. This was a Christian spiritual movement of the Middle Ages. People are still alive in southern Europe who come from this movement. Because not much was written down about Waldo while he was alive, people do not agree how important he was to the Waldensians, because it may have been around before his leadership. Also, the French historian Thuanus thought Waldo died in the year 1179.

Not many details are known about the life of Waldo. Some sources say that he was a rich man who sold clothes, and that he was a merchant from Lyon. Also, sources say that he had some education. Sometime not long before the year 1160 he was inspired by some events. One of these was hearing a sermon on the life of St. Alexius. Another was when saying that one did not believe in transubstantiation (which is the belief that, during Communion, the bread and wine turn into the body and blood of Jesus Christ) became a crime for which one could be punished by death. A third event was the sudden death of a friend during an evening meal. After this, he began living a radical Christian life. He gave his property to his wife. He gave the rest of his things to the poor.

At about this time, Waldo began to preach and teach publicly about his ideas of living simple lives and about poverty. He taught that "No man can serve two masters, God and money", (see Gospel of Matthew 6:24) and strongly criticized things done by the Pope and things taught by the Roman Catholic Church. Some of the things taught by the Catholic Church that he criticized were purgatory and transubstantiation. He said that the Roman Catholic Church was the prostitute from the book of Revelation. By 1170, many people were following him. These people were called "the Poor of Lyon", "the Poor of Lombardy", or "the Poor of God" who would spread their teaching abroad while dressed up as peddlers. Often called the Waldensians (or Waldenses), they were different from the Albigensians or Cathari.

The Waldensian movement had lay preaching (people who were not preachers or priests for a living preached), people who were poor by choice, and strictly obeying the Bible. Between 1175-1185, Waldo either had a cleric from Lyons translate the New Testament of the Bible into the language that most people spoke, the Arpitan (Franco-Provençal) language, or translate it himself.

In 1179, Waldo and one of his followers went to Rome, where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia. They had to explain what they believed in front of a panel of three clergymen, including issues which were then debated within the Church. These included the idea that all people were priests, teaching the gospel in the language most people spoke, and people living poor, simple lives on purpose. The results of the meeting were inconclusive, and Waldo's ideas, but not the movement itself, were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year, although the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated (kicked out of the Church).

Sent away from Lyon, Waldo and his followers moved to the high valleys of Piedmont, and in France, in the Luberon. Finally, Waldo was excommunicated by Pope Lucius III during the synod held at Verona in 1184, and the doctrine of the Poor of Lyon was again condemned by the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215 where they are mentioned by name for the first time, and called heresy. The Roman Catholic Church began to persecute the Waldensians, and many were tried and sentenced to death in different European countries during the 12th, 13th, and 14th centuries. The Waldensians survived by moving the Alps and hiding there. Centuries after his death, the Waldensian denomination joined the Genevan or Reformed branch of the Protestant Reformation.



Siberian Intervention

The Siberian Intervention (1918-1922) was part of a larger plan by the Western powers and Japan. They wanted to support the White Russians against the Bolshevik Red Army during the Russian Civil War. Other places included Northwest Russia, Crimea, Bessarabia, and the Caucasus.

Having occupied the Russian Maritime Provinces, the Allied Forces left by 1920. The Imperial Japanese Army stayed in Siberia until 1922. 

The Siberian Intervention came quickly after the Russian October Revolution of 1917. The new Bolshevik government signed a separate peace treaty with Germany. That was a serious problem for the Entente powers. The treaty ended fighting for the Germans facing Russia. Germany could then move soldiers from east to west; against Europe. The peace agreement also allowed Germany to get many supplies from Murmansk, Arkhangelsk and Vladivostok. In addition, a 50,000 man Czech Legion had been fighting on the side of the Allies. They became trapped. The Czechs were trying to fight their way out to the east to Vladivostok along the Trans-Siberian Railway. However, the Bolsheviks controlled that railway.

Great Britain and France decided to use military power and join the Russian Civil War against the Bolshevik government because of all of those problems. They had three goals: 
The British and French did not have enough soldiers, so the asked the United States to help. They asked the U.S. to send soldiers to both the North Russia Campaign and the Siberian Campaign. President Wilson agreed in July 1918 even though the War Department said not to help. The U.S. sent two groups of soldiers: 5,000 soldiers were the American North Russia Expeditionary Force (nicknamed the Polar Bear Expedition); and 10,000 were called the American Expeditionary Force Siberia. In the same month, the Russian White movement asked the Beiyang government of the Republic of China to send men. They sent 2,000 soldiers by August. The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva. They sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign to fight against the Bolsheviks.

The British had few soldiers sending only 1,500 troops to Siberia. These soldiers came from 9th Battalion, Hampshire Regiment and the 25th Battalion Middlesex Regiment.

The Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force was commanded by Major General James H. Elmsley. The Canadian government approved the mission in August 1918. The Canadian soldiers were sent to Vladivostok to support the allied armies already there. There were 4,192 soldiers in the group. They returned to Canada between April and June 1919. The Canadians did little fighting. Fewer than 100 troops left the base area to go to Omsk. Those 100 worked as administrative staff for 1,500 British troops who were helping the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak. Most Canadians stayed in Vladivostok. They did routine practice and worked as police in the unstable port city.

The Italian soldiers were most active in three areas: Irkutsk, Harbin, and Vladivostok.

The Imperial Japanese Army sent 70,000 troops.

The American Expeditionary Force Siberia was commanded by Major General William S. Graves. At its largest, it was 7,950 officers and enlisted men.

The Allies began to work together in Siberia in August 1918. The Japanese entered through Vladivostok and places along the Manchurian border. They sent more 70,000 soldiers. The Allies worried about Japanese plans because they sent such a large group. On September 5, the Japanese met the leading group of the Czech Legion. A few days later the British, Italian and French groups joined the Czechs to try to restart the war in the east. They tried to make a new battle line beyond the Ural Mountains. This meant that the European allies moved west. The Japanese had their own goals. They would not go west of Lake Baikal and stayed behind. The Americans were suspicious of Japanese plans.They also stayed behind to watch the Japanese. By November, the Japanese controlled all ports and major towns in the Russian Maritime Provinces and in Siberia east of the city of Chita.

In the summer of 1918 onwards, the Japanese army supported White Russian groups; the 5th infantry division and the Japanese-backed Special Manchurian Detachment of Grigory Semyonov took control over Transbaikalia. They started a White Transbaikalia government, but it did not last long.

Mac OS X Lion

Mac OS X Lion is an operating system. It is the eighth major release of Apple's Mac OS X software line. It is made for Macintosh desktops, laptops, and servers. It was released on 20th July 2011 via the Mac App Store.

Lion was unveiled to the public at Apple's "Back to the Mac" event on October 20, 2010. It brings developments from iOS (Apple's mobile operating system for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad), such as the App Store, to the Mac. 
Some new features were announced at the "Back to the Mac" keynote, however more features are expected to be revealed closer to the release date.



Planck time

The Planck time is the length of time at which no smaller meaningful length can be validly measured due to the indeterminacy expressed in Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. Theoretically, this is the shortest time measurement that is possible. Planck time is roughly 10 seconds. However, to date, the smallest time interval that was measured was 10 seconds, a "zeptosecond."
One Planck time is the time it would take a photon travelling at the speed of light to cross a distance equal to one Planck length.
It is calculated from the Planck constant, which was first thought of by the physicist Max Planck in 1900. This work by Planck asserts that the energy of a photon is proportional to its frequency, and their relation can be put in terms of familiar units such as the joule by using the proportionality constant Planck gave us. Heisenberg's original quantum theory was improved by his teacher and colleague Max Born.

Born put Heisenberg's equation into a matrix form. Born immediately noticed that to calculate using these matrices, one matrix had to be multiplied by another matrix. In matrix multiplication, multiplying matrix P by matrix X gives a different result from the one obtained by multiplying matrix X by matrix P. He further noticed that the difference between the two matrices involves h, the Planck proportionality constant. It shows that one can never pin down things like P (momentum) and X (location) exactly. As a result, we cannot pin down a time any better than we can pin down a place or a momentum. We get closer and closer and then we reach the "Planck time."

Planck time is usually noted "t", symbol made of the latin letter "t" lowercase, initial of latin word "tempus" ("time"), in italic, followed to the right and subscript, by the latin letter P uppercase, initial of the last name of Max Planck.

Planck time is defined by :
where :

In the International System of Units, the recommended value for the Planck time is :
with a relative error of 10.


Silva Kaputikyan

Silva Barunaki "Sirvard" Kaputikyan (, 20 January 1919 in Yerevan, Republic of Armenia - 25 August 2006, Yerevan) was a 20th century prominent Armenian poet, writer, academic, and public activist. 

In February 1988, during a reception in Kremlin, Mikhail Gorbachev said that he and his wife, Raisa, greatly admired Kaputikyan's poetry. She appeared as herself in the 1992 documentary "Parajanov: The Last Spring," about Sergei Paradjanov, a legendary film-maker of Armenian descent who was persecuted by Soviet authorities (Sayat Nova).

Awards won by Kaputikyan during her career include:

Kaputikyan was also a member of International PEN.

Pointillism

Pointillism is a way of painting in which small separate dots of pure color are used to form images. The artist paints the picture with hundreds of tiny dots, mainly of red, yellow, blue and green, with white. The eye and mind of the viewer mix the colours to make different shades of these colours, as well as orange, purple, pink, and brown depending on the way the dots of colour are arranged. 

Georges Seurat, at first an Impressionist painter, and Paul Signac, developed this technique in 1886. Other important artists were Camille Pissarro and, in some paintings, Vincent van Gogh. Art critics who saw their work, laughed at it and called it "Pointillism" as an insult. This name is still used, but is no longer thought of as an insult.

Traditionally, artists blend pigments (mix colours) on a palette. Pointillist painters do not mix the colours on the palette at all they just use the colours straight from the tube. Traditional painters, and also impressionist painters, use many types of brushstrokes, and many textures of paint. The surface of the painting may have flat colour, lines, squiggles and dabs of paint. In a pointillist painting, every part of the picture is done in tiny dots, and most of the dots are about the same size. Pointillism is usually done in oil paints, because they are thick and do not run into each other when they are painted on the canvas.

Many colour printers and large printing presses use four colours to print in tiny dots of cyan (blue), magenta (red), yellow, and black. Televisions and computer monitors use a similar technique to show many different colors using only red, green, and blue.

The name Pointillism is also given to a style of 20th-century music. Different musical notes are made separately from each other, giving a sound texture similar to pointillism. This type of music is also known as "punctualism" or "klangfarbenmelodie".


Baud

In telecommunications, Baud is the unit to measure the symbol rate. If one symbol can be transmitted per second, this is equal to one Baud. The unit is named after Jean-Maurice-Émile Baudot a French telecommunications engineer who invented the Baudot code. The Baud rate is different from the gross bit rate, measured in "bits/second". 

Various electric signal schemes invented in the 20th century such as Phase-shift keying can make bit rates much higher than signal rates. In another example, gigabit ethernet has a symbol rate of 125MBd. Gigabit ethernet uses pulse-amplitude modulation and can transmit two bits of payload data per symbol. Gigabit ethernet uses four balanced pairs for transmission.

It can transmit formula_1.

Yun Chi-young

Yun Chi-Young (Hangul: 윤치영, February 10 1898 - February 9 1996) was a Korean Independent Activist and politician, educators, diplomats. His nickname was 'DongSan' (동산, 東山). 1st Interior Minister (1948) of South Korea, 1st, 2nd and 3rd the National Assembly of South Korean. Younger Half-Uncle was Yun Bo-seon, 4th president of South Korea.

2nd Republic of Korea Ambassador to French 1950 to 1951, 13th Mayor of Seoul City at December 17, 1963 to March 30, 1966.




Sam Francis

Samuel Lewis Francis (June 25, 1923, San Mateo, California – November 4, 1994, Santa Monica, California) was an American painter and printmaker. He was born in San Mateo, California, and studied botany, medicine and psychology at the University of California, Berkeley. He served in the United States Air Force during World War II before being injured in a plane crash. He was in the hospital for several years, and it was while he was there that he began to paint. Once he was out of the hospital he returned to Berkeley, this time to study art.

Francis was initially influenced by the work of abstract expressionists such as Mark Rothko, Arshile Gorky and Clyfford Still. He spent the 1950s in Paris, having his first exhibition there in 1952. While there he became associated with Tachisme. He later spent time in Japan, and some have seen an influence from Zen Buddhism in Francis’ work.

Francis spent some time in Paris making entirely monochromatic works, but his mature pieces are generally large oil paintings with splashed or splattered areas of bright contrasting colour. Areas of white canvas are often left to show through, and in later works, paint is sometimes confined to the edges of the canvas.

Francis returned to California during the 1960s and continued painting in Los Angeles. During the final three decades of his career his style of large scale bright Abstract Expressionism was also closely associated with Color Field painting. During the last year of his life, suffering from prostate cancer and unable to paint with his right hand after a fall, in a final burst of energy he used his left hand to complete a dazzling series of about 150 small paintings before he died. He was buried in Olema, in Marin County, California.

After the death of the artist, the Samuel L. Francis Foundation, Inc. (also known as the "Samuel L. Francis Art Museum, Inc." or the "Sam Francis Foundation") was founded. The Foundation not only serves as his official Estate, but also has a mission "to research, document, protect and perpetuate the creative legacy of [Francis]." The U.S. copyright representative for the Francis Foundation is the Artists Rights Society.

As of 2008, the Foundation is working to create a Catalogue Raisonné of Francis's work. In addition to collecting information on known Francis works, they also have a page dedicated to "missing works" for which they are seeking any information interested parties may have.

In 2010, artist and filmmaker Jeffrey Perkins released the documentary "The Painter Sam Francis". The documentary includes film of Francis at work, filmed between 1968 and the early '90s together with interviews with friends, family, and professional associates of Francis.




Sodium periodate

Sodium periodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula can be NaIO (sodium metaperiodate) or NaIO (sodium orthoiodate). It has sodium and periodate ions in it. 

Sodium periodate is a colorless solid. It reacts with acids to make periodic acid. It breaks down when heated to make sodium iodate and oxygen gas. It is a strong oxidizing agent.

It can be made by oxidation of sodium iodide with sodium hypochlorite in a nitric acid solution.

Sodium periodate can oxidize cellulose. It is also used as a biodegradable chemical in the human body. It is also used in organic chemistry reactions.


7 Up

7 Up is a product of a lemon-lime flavored caffeine-free soft drink. The rights to the brand are held by Keurig Dr Pepper in the United States, and PepsiCo (or its licensees) in the rest of the world, including Puerto Rico. The origin of the name is unclear. It has been reformulated several times since its launch in 1929. 7-Up Soft Drink contains no caffeine and now has no artificial ingredients or preservatives, and only half the sodium as before. It is distributed by the 7-Up/Dr. Pepper company. The company promotes the product as having a crisper, more refreshing lemon-lime taste than before.

7 Up has been owned by Keurig Dr Pepper since 2017. In other countries, 7 Up is owned by PepsiCo. It was invented in St. Louis, Missouri.

Periodic acid

Periodic acid (pronounced as per·io'·dic acid) is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HIO or HIO. It has hydrogen and periodate ions in it.

Periodic acid is found as a colorless solution. It is a strong oxidizing agent, like perchloric acid. It breaks down when heated to iodine pentoxide and oxygen, as well as water. It does not form IO. It is found as HIO4 in dilute solution and H5IO6 in concentrated solution. When H5IO6 is heated, it turns into HIO4. 

It is made by reacting a periodate with a strong acid.

It is used to look at the structure of certain organic compounds.


Periodate

Periodate is an ion. Its chemical formula is either IO (metaperiodate) or IO (orthoperiodate). They are the salts of periodic acid. The iodine is in its +7 oxidation state. Periodates are similar to perchlorates. They are strong oxidizing agents. Sodium periodate is the most common periodate.


Potassium periodate

Potassium periodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KIO. It has potassium and periodate ions in it. 

Potassium periodate is a white solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It is similar to potassium perchlorate. It does not dissolve good in water. It makes potassium iodate and oxygen when heated. 

It is made by reacting potassium iodide with a strong oxidizing agent.

It is used to find out how much potassium is in something because it is one of the few potassium compounds that do not dissolve easily in water.


Ray, Iran

Rey, Rayy, Ray, Rhages or Rages (; ; ) also known as Shahr-e-Rey (), is the oldest city in the state of Tehran, Iran. Rey today has been added into the Greater Tehran city. It is linked by the Tehran Metro to the rest of Tehran and has many industries and factories in use. A settlement began here 6,000 BCE as part of the Central Plateau Culture. The settlement was used as a capital by the Medes called Rhaga. In classical Roman geography it was called Rhagae. Its name dates back to the pre-Median.

Iodine heptafluoride

Iodine heptafluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It contains iodine and fluoride ions. The iodine is in its +7 oxidation state.

It is a colorless gas with a moldy, stinky odor. Its melting point is at , and its boiling point is at . This means that it has a very narrow liquid range. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is very irritating to the skin. It is an interhalogen.

It is made by reacting iodine pentafluoride with fluorine gas.


Hypoiodous acid

Hypoiodous acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HIO. It has hydrogen and hypoiodite ions in it. 

Hypoiodous acid is very unstable. It easily disproportionates to iodine and iodic acid. It is a disinfectant and oxidizing agent.

It is made by reacting mercury(II) oxide with iodine.

It is too unstable to be used, although people think that this is what makes iodine a disinfectant.


Hypoiodite

Hypoiodite is an ion. Its chemical formula is IO. It is very unstable. It easily disproportionates to iodide and iodate. It is made by reacting iodine with a base. The iodine is in its +1 oxidation state. It is the salt of hypoiodous acid.


Iodine trifluoride

Iodine trifluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It has iodine and fluoride ions in it. The iodine is in its +3 oxidation state.

Iodine trifluoride is a yellow solid. It breaks down above -28°C. It is made by reacting very cold fluorine with iodine.


Iodine trichloride

Iodine trichloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ICl. It has iodine and chloride ions in it. The iodine is in the +3 oxidation state.

Iodine trichloride is a yellow solid. It melts at . It conducts electricity when it melts. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is an interhalogen.

It is made by reacting a lot of cold iodine with liquid chlorine. It can also be made by heating liquid iodine with chlorine gas at .


Silver iodate

Silver iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgIO. It has silver and iodate ions in it. The silver is in the +1 oxidation state.

Silver iodate is a colorless solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is an oxidizing agent. 

It is made by reacting silver nitrate with sodium iodate. 


SemEval

SemEval (Semantic Evaluation) is a series of workshops that focus on evaluating computer systems that interpret the meaning of human language (aka Computational Semantic systems). 

Iodate

Iodate is an ion. Its chemical formula is IO. The iodine is in the +5 oxidation state. It can be made by reduction of periodate. They are similar to chlorates. They react with acids to make iodic acid. They are salts of iodic acid. An example would be sodium iodate.


Iodine pentafluoride

Iodine pentafluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It has iodine and fluoride ions. The iodine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Iodine pentafluoride is a pale yellow liquid. It is an interhalogen. It is also a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make hydrofluoric acid. 

Iodine pentafluoride is made by burning iodine in fluorine gas.

It is used in organic chemistry (amine to nitrile conversion after hydrolysis). 


Iodine pentoxide

Iodine pentoxide, also known as iodine(V) oxide and diiodine pentoxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IO. It has iodine and oxide ions. The iodine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Iodine pentoxide is a white solid. It breaks down to iodine and oxygen when heated. It reacts with carbon monoxide to make carbon dioxide and iodine. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make iodic acid.

Iodine pentoxide is made by heating iodic acid to in dry air.

It is used to see how much carbon monoxide is in a sample of gas.


Potassium iodate

Potassium iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KIO. It has potassium and iodate ions in it.

Potassium iodate is a white solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is similar to potassium bromate and potassium chlorate. It reacts violently with many reducing agents.

Potassium iodate is made by reacting iodic acid with potassium hydroxide or by reacting iodine with potassium hydroxide. This second reaction makes the iodide and the iodate. 

Potassium iodate is used to add iodine to salt. It is better than potassium iodide because it does not oxidize to iodine and evaporate like potassium iodide does. It is sometimes used in flour just like potassium bromate. 

It is also used for radiation protection. A nuclear explosion can make radioactive iodine, which goes into the thyroid and can make cancer. Eating potassium iodate makes the thyroid full of nonradioactive iodine and prevents radioactive iodine from going in. It lasts longer than potassium iodide.


Sodium iodate

Sodium iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaIO. It has sodium and iodate ions in it.

Sodium iodate is a colorless solid. It is similar to sodium chlorate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with sodium hypochlorite to make sodium periodate. It can catch things on fire.

It is made by dissolving iodic acid or iodine in sodium hydroxide solution. Iodine dissolving also makes sodium iodide.

It is used to make sodium periodate.


Tuff

Tuff (from Italian "tufo") is a type of rock produced by the eruption of volcanoes.

It consists of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption. Rock with more than 50% tuff is called "tuffaceous". The chemical and mineral composition of tuff varies according to what was in the molten magma.

In a volcanic eruption, Magma is blown apart by volcanic gases and steam. The products are volcanic gases, lava, steam, and tephra (fragments). The solid material produced and thrown into the air is called "tephra", regardless of composition or fragment size. If the pieces of ejecta are small, the material is called volcanic ash, defined as such particles less than 2 mm in diameter, sand-sized or smaller. These particles are small, slaggy pieces of magma and rock that have been tossed into the air by outbursts of steam and other gases.

Among the loose beds of ash that cover the slopes of many volcanoes, three classes of materials are represented. 

In some great volcanic explosions nothing but materials of the second kind were emitted, as at Mount Bandai in Japan in 1888. There have also been many eruptions in which the quantity of broken sedimentary rocks that mingled with the ash is very great. 

These materials, in contrast to true ashes, tend to occur in "angular fragments". When they form a large part of the mass the rock is more properly a 'volcanic breccia' than a tuff. A breccia is a rock with sharp-edged fragments in it.

The ashes vary in size from large blocks twenty feet or more in diameter to the minutest impalpable dust. The large masses are called 'volcanic bombs'; they have mostly a rounded, elliptical or pear-shaped form owing to rotation in the air before they solidified. Many of them have ribbed or nodular surfaces, and sometimes they have a crust intersected by many cracks like the surface of a loaf of bread. Any ash in which they are very abundant is called an agglomerate.

A tuff of recent origin is generally loose, but the older tuffs have usually been cemented together by pressure and the action of infiltrating water. This makes rocks which, while not very hard, are strong enough to be used for building purposes (e.g. in the neighborhood of Rome). 

Many volcanoes stand near the sea, and the ashes cast out by them are mingled with the sediments that are gathering at the bottom of the waters. In this way ashy muds or sands or even in some cases ashy limestones are formed. As a matter of fact most of the tuffs found in the older rock formations contain mixtures of clay, sand, and sometimes fossil shells, which prove that they were beds spread out under water.

During some volcanic eruptions a layer of ashes several feet in thickness is deposited over a considerable district, but such beds thin out rapidly as the distance from the crater increases, and ash deposits covering many square miles are usually very thin. 

The showers of ashes often follow one another after longer or shorter intervals, and hence thick masses of tuff, whether of subaerial or of marine origin, have mostly a stratified character. In the fine beds it is often developed in great perfection.

Welded tuff is a pyroclastic flow of lava which was hot enough to weld together. During welding, the glass shards and pumice fragments adhere together (necking at point contacts), deform, and compact together. 

A hot lava flow welded by heat can be highly voluminous, such as the Lava Creek Tuff erupted from Yellowstone Caldera in Wyoming 640,000 years ago. Lava Creek Tuff was at least 1000 times as large as the deposits of the May 18, 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. It had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 8—greater than any eruption known in the last 10,000 years.

Basaltic tuffs are occur widely. They are found in Skye, Mull, Antrim and other places, where there are tertiary volcanic rocks; in Scotland, Derbyshire and Ireland among the carboniferous strata; and among the still older rocks of the Lake District, southern uplands of Scotland and Wales. 

Basaltic tuffs are black, dark green or red in colour. They vary greatly in coarseness. Often submarine, they may contain shale, sandstone, grit and other sedimentary material, and are occasionally fossiliferous. Recent basaltic tuffs are found in Iceland, the Faroe Islands, Jan Mayen, Sicily, Sandwich Islands, Samoa, etc. 

Copper(I) iodide

Copper(I) iodide, also known as cuprous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuI. It has copper and iodide ions in it. The copper is in its +1 oxidation state.

Copper(I) iodide is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It easily turns tan or brown. It is a reducing agent. The iodide easily oxidizes to iodine. Copper does not form a stable copper(II) iodide; copper(II) iodide breaks down right away to make copper(I) iodide and iodine. It dissolves in concentrated iodides like potassium iodide. When it is diluted, it makes copper(I) iodide again. 

It can be made by reacting iodine and copper in concentrated hydroiodic acid. Another way would be to react copper(II) sulfate and potassium iodide. This makes copper(II) iodide which as said before breaks down right away to make iodine and copper(I) iodide.

It is used to make organic compounds. It is also used to make clouds rain. It is used to make nylon resistant to heat. It can be used to put iodine to foods.


Copper(I) bromide

Copper(I) bromide, also known as cuprous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuBr. It has copper and bromide ions in it. The copper is in its +1 oxidation state.

Copper(I) bromide is a colorless solid. It turns green when in air. It does not dissolve in water. It is a reducing agent. 

Copper(I) bromide is made by reacting copper(II) bromide with any sulfite and any bromide salt. This reaction makes hydrogen bromide gas. 

It is used in organic chemistry. It is used to make organic compounds that have copper in them.


Copper(II) bromide

Copper(II) bromide, also known as cupric bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuBr. It has copper and bromide ions in it. The copper is in its +2 oxidation state.

Copper(II) bromide is a grayish-black solid. Most copper(II) compounds, except for the oxide, are bright blue or green. It can be reduced to copper(I) bromide.

It can be made by dissolving copper(II) oxide in hydrobromic acid. It can also be made by reacting copper and bromine.

Copper(II) bromide is used in lasers. It is also used to add bromide ions to other chemical compounds in organic chemistry. 


Fading Echoes (Warriors)

Fading Echoes is the second book in the fourth "Warriors" series, "Omen of the Stars". It includes multiple points of view: Dovepaw and Ivypaw, two sisters, and Jayfeather and Lionblaze, two brothers. All of these cats are in ThunderClan.

The story takes place in a forest around a fictional lake. The forest is populated by groups of feral cats, who live in groups that call themselves Clans. The four Clans are ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats usually train to become warriors, who hunt and fight for their Clans.

Dovepaw strengthens her ability to hear farther than any cat around the lake, while her bond with her sister, Ivypaw, dwindles. This is because Dovepaw cannot share the secret of her power with any cat except for Lionblaze and Jayfeather. 

Dovepaw tries to make friends with a ShadowClan warrior named Tigerheart, but she cannot, as the fact that they are from different Clans keeps them apart.

Later, Dovepaw saves most of ThunderClan by sensing that a tree is about to fall into their camp, and evacuating them in time.

Jayfeather discovers that some Clan cats are being trained by Dark Forest cats (the Dark Forest is where bad Clan cats' spirits go when they die). This means that the Clan cats will have to fight the Dark Forest cats and the Clan cats training there. 

Ivypaw begins to train in the Dark Forest. She has an argument with her sister, Dovepaw, and their bond starts to weaken. Later, she fakes a sign that says the cats should enter a battle, which results in two deaths.

Starlight (Warriors)

Starlight is the fourth book in the second series of "Warriors", called "Warriors: The New Prophecy". The book is told from three different points of view: Leafpool and Squirrelflight, two sisters, and Squirrelflight's love interest, Brambleclaw.

This book takes place in a forest around a fictional lake. The forest is populated by groups of feral cats, who live in groups that call themselves Clans. The four Clans are ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats usually train to become warriors, who hunt and fight for their Clans.

Leafpool has to care for ThunderClan with her teacher, Cinderpelt. She and Cinderpelt are medicine cats, meaning that they heal the cats of their Clan. She finds a place called the Moonpool, where the Clans can contact the spirits of their ancestors. She eventually falls in love with a WindClan warrior called Crowfeather (which is forbidden, as Leafpool and Crowfeather are from different Clans). Leafpool also discovers that Brambleclaw has started to train with Tigerstar and Hawkfrost, his evil father and brother, in dreams. She wonders if he is truly loyal to ThunderClan.

Squirrelflight discovers a place where ThunderClan can live. She begins to struggle with her emotions for two male cats, Brambleclaw and Ashfur. She likes Ashfur more for a while when she finds out that Brambleclaw has been training with evil cats. She wonders if Brambleclaw is loyal to ThunderClan. Eventually, though, she decides that she loves Brambleclaw, and chooses him over Ashfur.

Brambleclaw starts dreaming of a place called the Dark Forest, a place where the spirits of evil Clan cats go when they die. In those dreams, he trains with Tigerstar and Hawkfrost, his evil father and brother.

Mike Epps

Michael Elliot Epps (born November 18, 1970) is an American actor and comedian. His movies include "Next Friday", "Friday After Next", and "Open Season 2". Epps' trademark is a voice similar to Martin Lawrence in the original "Open Season". He replaced Lawrence as the voice of Boog in "Open Season 2". Lawrence and Epps also starred in the comedy "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins". In "Open Season 3", he was replaced by Matthew J. Munn.

Proposition

A proposition is a term in philosophy and logic. It is a statement which has a truth value, meaning it can be proven to be true or false. For a proposition to be valid, it must be possible to prove the proposition is either true or false. Many teachers and students of logic use the term "statement" and "proposition" to mean the same thing. Propositions are also often represented by capital letters such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3. 

It is possible to express the same proposition in many way. Proposition are only concerned with actual meaning, not the way the proposition is expressed. Propositions can look different, yet still mean the same thing. When two different propositions mean the same thing, they are said to be synonymous, meaning each statement has the same meaning. 

For example, "Snow is white" (in English) and "Schnee ist weiß" (in German) are different sentences, because they are written in different languages. However, they mean exactly the same thing: snow is white. No matter what language the statement is written in, it will mean the same thing. As a result, these statements are synonymous. 

In Aristotelian logic, a proposition is a specific kind of sentence that confirms or denies an action or predicate took place through a subject. Aristotelian propositions take forms like "All men are mortal" and "Socrates is a man". In each sentence, the subject (men, Socrates) has a status (are mortal, is a man) which can be regarded as true or false.

In logical positivism, a proposition whose truth value cannot possibly be decided is meaningless (Quine, for instance, believes that propositions generally have no clear criterion of identity). For example, statements about the existence of deities cannot be proved under logical positivism. Because the statements have no truth value, a logical positivist would consider propositions about deities (such as "God exists" or "God does not exist") to have no logical meaning.


Karst

Karst is a geological system of rocks where water has eroded (dissolved) the bedrock. If it is very extensive, karst can be a geographical or topographical feature. It is classed as a badland if it difficult to travel through the environment, which it often is.

Almost always, karst is formed in carbonate rocks, such as limestone or dolomite. Since carbonate sedimentary rocks are very common, karst areas occur all over the world.

Many karst regions display distinctive surface features, with sinkholes being the most common. However, karst surface features may be absent where the soluble rock is "mantled" (covered), such as by a non-soluble rock strata on top of the carbonate strata. Some karst regions include thousands of caves, and the water is generally underground.

The world's largest karst area is the Nullarbor Plain, part of the area of flat, almost treeless, dry country of southern Australia. It is on the Great Australian Bight coast with the Great Victoria Desert to its north. It is the world's largest single exposure of limestone bedrock, and occupies an area of about . At its widest point, it stretches about from east to west across the border region between South Australia and Western Australia.

Many parts of the world suffer from sinkholes which form when karsts are underground. Beneath the flat surface of the land in Florida, Guatemala City and elsewhere are vast systems of limestone. Water running through the limestone is dissolving the limestone away, leaving huge caverns. Without warning, huge holes appear in the surface, causing great damage. Practically the whole of Florida is sitting on a gigantic karst system, as are several countries in Central America. The area round Tampa is especially at risk, and there is a huge karst system under Mexico City. According to a senior geochemist, there are as many as 15,000 sinkholes in Illinois.

The world's deepest sinkhole is China's Xiaozhai Tienkeng at 2172ft (662m). 

The Qattara Depression in Egypt is part of the Libyan Desert. It is roughly 50 miles (80km) by 75 miles (121km) in surface area. It is the world's largest natural sinkhole. It lies below sea level and is covered with salt pans, sand dunes and salt marshes.

In the United States, about 40% of the groundwater used for drinking comes from karst aquifers. Well-known examples are Carlsbad Caverns and Mammoth Cave. Karst aquifers are a vital resource in the US. About 20 percent of the land surface in the US is karst. Other parts of the world with large areas of karst include the Caribbean, China, and Australia.

The karst hydrogeology is a network of fissures, fractures, and runways in permeable rock. Most of inflow occurs through a network of openings. Groundwater is held in storage in the rocks. Karst is common also in Mexico, especially near where the meteorite hit in the Yucatan. There are also large areas of karst in the Caribbean, China, and Australia.


PubMed Central

PubMed Central is a free database of scientific literature in biomedical and life sciences. It is on the Internet. It grew from the online Entrez PubMed biomedical literature search system. PubMed Central was developed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) as an online archive of biomedical journal articles. It was started in 2000. As of 2021, it had over 7 million science papers in it.

All the words in the PubMed Central articles can be read freely. Some publishers, though, do not show their articles for some time after they publish them on paper (usually about six months).

PubMed Central was started in 2000. At first, it only had papers from "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" and "Molecular Biology of the Cell". People can add older papers to PubMed Central. The oldest papers in PubMed Central are from the 1700s.

As of September 2004, PubMedCentral, PubMed, and related NLM services had about 1,300 hits every second, and gave 1.3 terabytes of data every day. The Library of Congress and the British Library showed support for the National Library of Medicine (NLM). It has also been popular with journal service providers.

PubMed Central is different from PubMed. The regular PubMed has papers' titles and abstracts, and PubMed central has the whole paper. Scientists call this "full text."

The PubMed Central Identifier (PMCID) is an ID tag for papers written by scientists and doctors. It is like an ISBN is for books. It shows the reader where to find the paper in the PubMed Central database.


Medical University of Innsbruck

The Medical University of Innsbruck (German: "Medizinische Universität Innsbruck") is a university in Innsbruck, Austria. It used to be one of the four historical faculties of the Leopold-Franzens-Universität Innsbruck, but it became an independent (by itself) university in 2004.

The medical tradition dates back long before the university began. The first hospital began in the silver-mining city of Schwaz nearby in 1307. Because people grew as years went by, a medical faculty was added to the university, begun in 1669 by Emperor Leopold I, making it the first of its kind in the Alpine region.



Dolomite

Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral, both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg(CO) 

As a mineral, it is found in crystals. Dolomite rock (or 'dolostone') is mostly made of the mineral dolomite. 

Limestone that is partially replaced by dolomite is referred to as "dolomitic limestone". In the old U.S. geologic literature it is called "magnesian limestone". Dolomite was first described in 1791 for exposures in the Dolomite Alps of northern Italy.

Gravel

Gravel is small, loose, rock particles. It is any loose rock that is larger than 2 mm (0.079 in) in its smallest dimension (about 1/12 of an inch) and no more than 64 mm (2.5 in).

Small gravel is composed of granules (>2 to 4 mm/0.079 to 0.16 in). Large gravel is called pebbles (>4 to 64 mm/0.16 to 2.5 in). 

Particles smaller than gravel are sand, larger particles are cobbles.

Gravel and sand are used for road surfaces, and for cement and Tarmac. Mixtures of gravel and sand mixed with various crushed material, are known as "aggregate" in the trade. This is used for drainage in the basement of roads, and other purposes. Mixture of stones and resin is also used to pave footpaths, driveways, etc. This mixture is known as Resin Bonded Gravel.

Natural gravel comes from ancient beaches which have not consolidated (turned into solid rock). In effect, beaches from (for instance) the Jurassic are dug up in quarries. The material is then sifted into size categories. The gravel and sand is then sold on to engineering companies. Most natural sand and gravel is silica, SiO, in its chemistry. This is very hard-wearing.

However, if the material is originally in hard rock form, then it is first crushed. This enables the industry to offer other materials such as granite or limestone, originally solid rock, as gravel.

The open-cast mining and processing of gravel, sand and aggregate is a huge world-wide industry, sometimes called "conglomerates".

Cornet

A cornet is a brass instrument that is similar to the trumpet. It is part of the higher-brass family, together with trumpets and French horns. 

Spice trade

People have been using spices for thousands of years. Often they wanted ones that didn't grow near them, so they got them from far away. One of the biggest spice routes was a route between Asia and Europe. 

Only a few spices grew in Europe, so the others had to be brought from Asia. People made a route to go from Europe to Asia to buy spices. The route was very difficult and so the spices were expensive. People tried to find ways cheaper than the spice route, including going the other way around the world. This made the Age of Discovery, when they found places that they didn't know about, such as the Western Hemisphere.

Countries traded spices for gold and other things. They did this so they could get new spices or gain money and gold by selling their own. Sometimes people traded the spices because their country is running out of that certain spice. 

Nuclear winter

Nuclear winter is a theory stating the possible effects of the use of nuclear weapons during a nuclear war; which could include reduced sunlight, extreme cold, and the presence of large amounts of smoke and soot in the Earth's atmosphere.

Meson

Mesons are incredibly small subatomic particles that are made of one quark and one antiquark. Antiquarks are the antimatter counterpart of a regular quark. Since antimatter quarks have the opposite spin of regular quarks, their spins can cancel each other out, which forms a particle similar to a Higgs Boson. The name meson comes from Greek "mesos", meaning middle. This is because the masses of the first mesons discovered were between the mass of light particles like electrons, called leptons, and heavy particles like protons, called baryons.

Mesons are hadrons, which simply means that they are made of quarks. Since quarks have different fractional charges, mesons can have a charge. However, the charges of the quarks may cancel out, forming an uncharged meson. The rest of the hadron family are known as baryons, which are made of three quarks. Since quarks all have a spin of 1/2, three of them will never add up to an integer spin. An integer spin is simply 0, 1, or 2. Particles with an integer spin are called bosons, which obey Bose-Einstein Statistics. This means that more than one boson can actually be in the same point in space at the same time. However, a meson is made of one quark and one antiquark, which each do not have an integer spin. Particles which do not have an integer spin have a spin of 1/2 or 3/2. These particles with 1/2 spin are called Fermions because they obey Fermi-Dirac Statistics. This means that no more than one fermion can be in the same point in space at the same time. All known baryons and quarks (and antiquarks) are fermions, and all mesons are bosons. This can get very confusing because this means that more than one meson can exist in the same point in space at the same time, but the quarks that make up mesons cannot exist in the same point in space at the same time.

The most common natural way that we find mesons are through the interactions of cosmic rays with matter. This process can be duplicated in particle accelerators, which smash high-energy quarks and antiquarks. However, the mesons are very unstable and quickly turn into other particles. Charged Mesons can decay into electrons and neutrinos, and uncharged mesons can decay into photons. Since antimatter is destroying matter, a large amount of energy is given off. The energy follows the equation E=mc.

Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex

Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex (Henry Charles Albert David; born 15 September 1984) is a member of the British royal family. He is the younger son of Charles III, and Diana, Princess of Wales and is the younger brother of William, Prince of Wales, and is fifth in the line of succession to the British throne. Harry was a pupil at Eton College.

Harry launched the Invictus Games in 2014, and remains patron of its Foundation. He also gives patronage to several other organisations, including the HALO Trust, the London Marathon Charitable Trust, and Walking with the Wounded.

Harry was born in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London, on 15 September 1984 as the second child of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales.

Like his father and brother, Harry was educated at independent schools. He started at Jane Mynors' nursery school and the pre-preparatory Wetherby School, both in London.

He was a helicopter pilot in the military, during the War in Afghanistan. During the same year that his book was published, he said to media that he killed enemies in Afghanistan.

Prince Harry began dating Meghan Markle in June 2016. They became engaged in November 2017. The couple married at Windsor Castle on 19 May 2018. The couple's first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, was born on May 6, 2019. In November 2020, Markle revealed in an opinion piece for "The New York Times" that she suffered a miscarriage in July of that year. On 4 June 2021, the couple's daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born in Santa Barbara, California.

Titles 

15 September 1984-19 May 2018 His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales

19 May 2018 His Royal Highness The Duke of Sussex

In Scotland: His Royal Highness The Earl of Dumbarton 

In Northern Ireland: Baron of Kilkeel 

He has a brother. As of 2022, Harry has said that he is not satisfied with the relationship with his brother.

In 2023, he attended the coronation of his father (Charles III); At that ceremony, Prince Harry was put on row 3. (Row 3 included the king's brother, Prince Andrew.)


Meccan sura

The Meccan suras are the suras that Muslims believe were shown to Muhammad before he left Mecca. They are usually shorter than the Medinan suras and are usually placed after them in the Qur'an.

Chris Hansen

Christopher Edward "Chris" Hansen (born September 13, 1959) is an American television personality most famously known for his role on "Dateline NBC". He was on a part of the show called "To Catch a Predator", where he tries to catch people who are trying to meet minors aged 13–15 on the Internet for sexual activity. Hansen has done other investigative reporting, and has won seven Emmy Awards for his reporting.
He went to Brother Rice High School in Bloomfield Hills Michigan. Hansen became a reporter for Lansing NBC affiliate WILX in 1981 during his senior year at Michigan State University. He then reported for WFLA in Tampa, various radio stations and newspapers in Michigan, WXYZ in Detroit, and WDIV as an investigative reporter and anchor from 1988. In May 1993, Hansen joined NBC News as a correspondent for the newsmagazine "Now with Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric".

Hansen's notable work for "Dateline" includes coverage of the Columbine massacre, the Oklahoma City terrorist attack, the Unabomber and the TWA Flight 800 disaster; as well as investigative reports on Indian child slave labor and on counterfeit prescription drug sales in China. Hansen was responsible for most of "Dateline's" coverage of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, as well as stories on terrorist groups and the operations of Al-Qaeda. He exposed how a group linked to Osama Bin Laden had tried to buy missiles and nuclear weapons components, and he also worked on an exclusive report detailing an attempted 1994 terrorist attack in France. His series on the lack of security at airports resulted in the Federal Aviation Administration opening an investigation and ultimately revising its policies.

Hansen has received seven Emmy Awards, four Edward Murrow awards, three Clarion awards, the Overseas Press club award, an IRE, the National Press Club award, International Consortium of Investigative Journalists Award; as well as awards for excellence from the Associated Press and United Press International.
Hansen was born in Chicago, Illinois but grew up in northern Detroit suburbs of West Bloomfield and Birmingham. In an interview with the "Lansing City Pulse", Hansen said that watching the FBI and police investigate the disappearance of Jimmy Hoffa when he was fourteen inspired him to want to become a journalist. He graduated from Michigan State University College of Communication Arts and Sciences in 1981 with a bachelor's degree in telecommunications. 

He is married to Mary Joan Hansen; the couple has two sons. The family resides in Connecticut.

Metriacanthosauridae

Metriacanthosaurids were a family of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs. They tended to be large predators, and some were 30 ft (10 m) long. 

Metriacanthosaurids are carnosaurs. At first they were classified in the Megalosauridae or Allosauridae, now they are put in their own family. A gigantic tooth, which may come from a giant metriacanthosaurid, was described recently (2008).

The Metriacanthosauridae is a monophyletic group. Cladistically it includes "Metriacanthosaurus parkeri" and species closer related to "Metriacanthosaurus" than to "Allosaurus fragilis", "Carcharodontosaurus saharicus", or to birds. These theropods are close to the ancestors of the allosaurs.

Metriacanthosauridae is often referred to as "Sinraptoridae", but Metriacanthosauridae is the correct name under ICZN rules, since "Metriacanthosaurus" was the first member of the family to be described and named. 

The cladogram here follows a study by Benson and colleagues.


Bella Akhmadulina

Bella Akhatovna Akhmadulina (10 April 1937 — 29 November, 2010) was a Russian poet. Her poems used metaphors, and were described by Nobel Prize winner Joseph Brodsky as a "treasure of Russian poetry. 

Her first poems were published in 1955. The government of the Soviet Union said her poems were too personal and emotional. She died in Pereldelkino, near Moscow, from a heart problem.


Mario Monicelli

Mario Monicelli (May 15, 1915 in Rome, Italy — 29 November 2010, Rome, Italy) was an Italian movie director famous for his comedy movies of the 1940—1960s. He was twice nominated for an Oscar award. One of his movies, "The Great War" (1959), won a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. In 1991 the Venice Film Festival gave him a lifetime achievement award.

Suffering from terminal prostate cancer, Monicelli jumped to his death from a fifth floor hospital window in Rome. He was 95 years old.


Wedding dress

A wedding dress or wedding gown is the clothing worn by a bride during a wedding ceremony. The color, style and ceremonial importance of the gown can depend on the religion and culture of the bride.

The origin of wedding dress is from the Roman Empire period. When the Christian religion spread to Europe, wedding ceremony was held the church and a bride wore a wedding dress. In the Middle Ages, all most wedding dresses were black with white veil because of religion. It changed white dress and veil in the 1840s. This style of dress spread to Asia when Europen culture came there.

Slender line is a dress which is tight along a person's body. The Mermaid line is similar to slender line. It looks like a mermaid. A line looks like an "A" from the waist to foot. Like these, today there are so many kinds of wedding dress.

The veil is the most popular decoration. It is used for covering the face or head of women. There are special long white gloves. People use various length glove suiting their dress. A woman usually carries a small bunch of flowers, called a bouquet.

Medinan sura

The Medinan suras are the suras that Muslims believe were shown to Muhammad after his journey (the hijra) from Mecca to Medina. They are usually longer than Meccan suras and are usually placed before them in the Qur'an.

Renault

Renault S.A. is a French vehicle manufacturer producing cars, vans, buses, tractors, and trucks, and, in the past, autorail vehicles. Its alliance with Nissan makes it the world's ninth largest vehicle maker. Headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, Renault owns the Romanian Automobile Dacia and the Korean Renault Samsung Motors. The company's most successful cars to date are the Renault Clio and the Renault Laguna, and its core market is Europe. The company is known for numerous revolutionary designs, security technologies and motor racing. 1899


Maurice Wilkes

Professor Sir Maurice Vincent Wilkes (26 June 1913, Dudley, Worcestershire – 29 November 2010) was a British computer scientist, called the "father of British computing".

He invented the first usable stored program computer called EDSAC (Electronic Delay Storage Automatic Calculator) at Cambridge University in 1949. 

He also developed the idea of using software to program a computer, instead of a fixed electronic circuit. He was knighted for his achievements in 2000.

Wilkes was the first President of the British Computing Society.


O Brother, Where Art Thou? (movie)

O Brother, Where Art Thou? is a 2000 American crime comedy movie directed by Joel and Ethan Coen and starring George Clooney. The movie is set in Mississippi in 1937 during the Great Depression. The movie's story is a comedy based on Homer’s "Odyssey".

Belemnite

Belemnites (or belemnoids) are an extinct group of marine cephalopod, similar in many ways to the modern squid, and closely related to the modern cuttlefish.

Like them, the belemnites had an ink sac, but, unlike the squid, they had ten arms of roughly equal length, and no tentacles.

The belemnites are a monophyletic group of superorder status, called the Belemnoidea. There are four orders.

The belemnites evolved from nautiloids, which are the basal group of cephalopods. Well-formed belemnite guards can be found in rocks dating from the Mississippian (or Lower Carboniferous).

Belemnites were numerous during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, and their fossils are abundant in Mesozoic marine rocks, often with their cousins the ammonites. The belemnites and ammonites become extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period.

Like some modern squid, belemnite arms carried a series of small hooks for grabbing prey. Belemnites were efficient carnivores that caught small fish and other marine animals with their arms and ate them with their beak-like jaws.

In turn, belemnites appear to have formed part of the diet of marine reptiles such as Ichthyosaurs, whose fossilized stomachs frequently contain hooks from the arms of cephalopods.

Belemnites swam in near-shore to mid-shelf oceans.

Fossils which preserve the soft parts of belemnites show that, like many modern cephalopods, they had an ink sac, hard beaks, tail fins and large eyes. Well-preserved specimens show evidence of muscular fibers in the mantle, indicating that they were powerful swimmers like modern squids.

In 1826 Mary Anning discovered what appeared to be a chamber containing dried ink inside a belemnite fossil. She showed it to her friend Elizabeth Philpot who was able to revive the ink with water, and use it to illustrate some of her own ichthyosaur fossils. Other local artists were soon doing the same when more fossilised ink chambers were discovered. Anning noted how closely the chambers resembled the ink sacs of modern squid and cuttle fish, which she had dissected to better understand the anatomy of fossil cephalopods. This led William Buckland to publish that Jurassic belemnites had used ink for defence just as many modern cephalopods do.

Nikolai Tsukanov

Nikolai Nikolaevich Tsukanov (Russian: Николай Николаевич Цуканов) (born March 22, 1965 is a Russian politician. He is from the village Lipovo, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia). In September 2010, he became governor of the Kaliningrad oblast. He became Secretary of the Kaliningrad regional council of the party "United Russia" in 2010. He was also the mayor of the municipality "Gusev City District" in 2005-2010.

Sea bass

Sea bass is the name for different kinds of fish: 
In addition, many fish are called bass

São Paulo Metro

The São Paulo Metro () is a metro system serving the city of São Paulo. Is controlled and monitored by Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo, in addition to carrying around every day 3,4 million passengers. It was founded on April 24, 1968 and opened on September 14, 1974. It has five lines, 74 kilometers and 64 stations. It is currently booming. It is the largest and the first rapid transit system in Brazil


Horace Andy

Horace Andy (born Horace Keith Hinds, February 19, 1951, Kingston, Jamaica) is a roots reggae songwriter and singer, known for his distinctive vocals and hit songs such as "Government Land", "Angel", "Five Man Army" and a cover version of "Ain't No Sunshine". In recent years he has mostly worked as a guest singer for trip hop band Massive Attack.

Frank Fenner

Frank Fenner (21 December 1914 Ballarat — 22 November 2010) was an Australian scientist. He was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus,
which had been deadly for rabbits in Australia.

Fenner was born in Ballarat, Victoria in 1914. He studied for a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery at the University of Adelaide and graduated in 1938. In 1940 he completed a diploma in tropical medicine and 1942 he completed his Doctor of Medicine degree. During World War II he joined the Australian Army as a doctor and studied the parasite that caused malaria.

After the war he worked at Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne where he studied smallpox. In 1949 he became the first professor of microbiology at the new Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra. His interest on research was the myxoma virus. This virus was used to kill millions of rabbits that were destroying large areas of Australian grasslands and farms.

In 1967 Fenner became the Director of the John Curtin School of Medical Research at ANU and also Chairman of the Global Commission for the Certification of Smallpox Eradication. In 1973 he became director of the Centre for Resource and Environmental Studies at ANU.


The John Curtin School of Medical Research awards the Frank Fenner Medal for the best Phd research in medicine at ANU. 

George Bush Intercontinental Airport

George Bush Intercontinental Airport is an international airport in Houston, Texas. It opened in June 1969.

The airport has five runways. At least 700 planes takeoff from the airport daily. These planes carried 40,007,345 passengers during the year of 2009. Planes fly from this airport to around 170 cities in the world.

These are the airlines that operates at Houston Bush Airport as of November 2018:



Cheonggyecheon

Cheonggyecheon is a stream bisecting down town Seoul, South Korea. This stream has a length of 5.84 km(its trail-12.04 km long) and its greatest width is 84m. This stream is famous for restoration. It was a sewer of Seoul in the Joseon Dynasty. For half a century, industrial era after the Korean War, it had been entombed by pavement and had been a highway. After the restoration, Cheonggycheon has become an ecological park. The restoration of Cheonggyecheon took three years spending almost $400 million. Since its opening in 2005, hundreds of thousands of people have visited Cheonggyecheon with friends and family. Many interesting events have been often held at Cheonggyecheon as well.

It was originally called 'Gaecheon(Hangul:개천, Hanja:開川 ).' The Cheonggyecheon used to be a naturally formed stream before the Joseon Dynasty designated Seoul as its capital. This stream caused a flood and inundated private houses in full spate. In ordinary times, it was unsanitary because of standing sewage therein. Therefore, King Taejong, the third king of the Joseon Dynasty, firstly beginned river training work by starting construction work for an open channel. After that, King Yeongjo, the 21st king of the Joseon Dynasty, conducted the overhaul of the stream in earnest by dredging the stream, building stone banks and changing a waterway. Due to this construction, the curved waterway of the stream became straight one at last. During the reign of King Sunjo and King Kojong, the overhaul of the stream was continued. There were 24 bridges over the stream(now 22 bridges).

During the Japanese colonial period, it came to get called "Cheonggye" as it is called today, supposedly from 1914, when the colonialists rearranged stream names in Korea. In this perion, the large-scale dredging of this stream was planned in terms of a modern urban planning by Japan but it wasn't carried out because of lack of funds. Therefore, the urban improvement project was neglected.

As a result, by Korea’s independence from Japan in 1945, the Cheonggyecheon was severely contaminated with wastes from flimsy shacks built alongside of the stream. It had a fetid smell as well. In terms of Seoul's appearance and sanitation, the then Cheonggyecheon was a serious problem. The easiest way of solving this promblem was covering over the stream with concrete. In 1958, finally, the work to cover it up with concrete started as quickly as possible by August 1958. In addition, a 5.6 km-long, 16 m-wide elevated highway was completed over the stream in August 1971 after four working years.

About 40 years after covering over the stream with concrete, Seoul city had resuscitated the stream since July 2003. After $386 milion recovery project, Cheonggyecheon was born again as a haven for wildlife as well as pedestrians in September 2005


Virtual XI

Virtual XI is an album by Iron Maiden. It is their eleventh studio album.

The album was released on 23 March 1998. It was not liked by reviewers. One person who reviewed it said that it sounded "lifeless" and "tired."


Fushūgaku

Fushūgaku () is a term used in Japan which means "not attending school". This term is used mainly with Brazilian Japanese children.

There are various reasons as to why children do not attend school in Japan. One reason is that they cannot understand Japanese. Another reason is that their parents cannot afford school fees for them to go to school.


Australian National University

The Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra, Australia, is the only university set up by the Federal Government of Australia. The law to start the university was passed in 1946. It was set up to be a research university for subjects of national importance. These included physics, medicine, social sciences and Pacific studies. The university started undergraduate courses in 1960.

ANU has had five Nobel Prize winners:


Renault 5

The Renault 5 was a car produced by Renault from 1972 to 1996. It was sold in two generations with the second arriving in 1985. It was replaced by the Renault Clio in 1990 but it remained on sale until 1996 as the budget Campus model.

It is available as hatchback with three or five doors, and with 4-cylinder petrol and diesel engines from 35 to 94 hp, and as the "Renault 5 Turbo" with 110 or 160 hp.

Blue Lias

The Blue Lias is a formation of rocks mostly in south west England and parts of south Wales. It is part of the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site.

It is part of the Lias Group. The Blue Lias consists of a sequence of limestone and shale layers. It was laid down in late Triassic and early Jurassic times, between 195 and 200 million years ago. The Blue Lias is famous for its fossils, especially ammonites. Also found were remains of a number of dinosaurs, and the pterosaur "Dimorphodon".

The Blue Lias alternates between limestone, (with some clay), and mudstone. These alternations are caused by short-term climatic variations, thought to be caused by Milankovitch cycles. The blue/grey colour is given by iron pyrite.

A bit higher, these limestone-mudstone alternations change into a clay member. The deposition of a clay-rich mudstone member shows it was laid down in a deeper marine environment.


Leonid Kizim

Leonid Denisovich Kizim (5 August 1941 – 14 June 2010) was a Soviet cosmonaut. In 1986 he was the commander of the only space mission to visit two space stations on one flight. These were the new Mir station and the old Salyut 7 station. At the end of the flight he became the first person to have spent a whole year in space. All together he spent 374 days 17 hours 56 minutes in space.

He became second in charge of the Russian Ministry of Defense's satellite control center. In 1995 he was put in charge of the Military Engineering Academy of Aeronautics and Astronautics in St. Petersburg.

Menai Bridge

Menai Bridge is a small town on the south coast of Anglesey. It is notable for the bridge that crosses over the Menai Strait to the mainland. The bridge was the first suspension bridge to be made to carry a main road. It was built between 1821 and 1825 by Thomas Telford.

Bangor, Gwynedd

Bangor is a small cathedral city and community in Gwynedd, a county in North Wales. It is Wales' oldest city and one of the United Kingdom's smallest cities.

It is historically part of Caernarfonshire. 

It is a university city. At the 2011 census, there was 16,358 people living there.

The Welsh language is spoken by 46% of people in the city.

The city is located near the Menai Strait, which is a strait that separates the Isle of Anglesey from mainland Wales.

In World War II, parts of the BBC were evacuated to Bangor during the Blitz.

Caernarfon

Caernarfon, officially the Caernarfon Royal Town (pronounced "Kyer-narvon"), is a royal town and community in Gwynedd, an area of Wales. It has a population of 9,852 people, according to the 2011 census.

It is 8.6 miles (13.8 km) south-west of the city of Bangor and 19.4 miles (31.2 km) north of Porthmadog. It is on the Menai Strait, opposite Anglesey. The A487 goes through the town.

It is a royal town. Queen Elizabeth II made Caernarfon a royal borough in 1963. Since 1974, the town has not been a borough but was allowed to keep its royal title. 

The town is home to Caernarfon Castle, a castle that was built between 1283 and 1330 by order of King Edward I.

Since 2016, Caernarfon has hosted the Caernarfon Food Festival. It takes place every year.

Caernarfon has one of the highest percentages of Welsh language speakers in the whole of Wales.

Caernarfon has one twin town. It is twinned with:

Film processing

Photographic film is able to record images. In order to make these images visible, the film needs to undergo a number of chemical processes. The result of these processes will either be negatives or slides. This is generally known as "developing". Different films need different processes. The process for black and white film is different from that for slide film. In general, the process involves the following steps:
There are different kinds of films. The most common of these is film negative. With negative film, all colors are reversed. This is corrected in an additional step of making a "print" of each image. 

So called reversal film, which is used for diapositives, directly produces "positive" images (which are "framed" to become a slide). 

This whole process is known as film processing.

Mineral water

Mineral water is water obtained from rocks. It is often collected from springs or from underground rivers when they emerge from the rocks. Mineral waters are very clean and have no germs in it. Because they have been held in rocks for a long time they often contain chemicals that have come from the rocks. This chemicals can give the water an interesting taste. Some mineral waters may be good for health. Because some underground water comes to the surface from very deep layers in the earth, it can also have carbon dioxide gas dissolved in it. This can make the water fizzy.

Mark Twain Prize for American Humor

The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is a prize for comedians. The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts awards this prize every year. They first gave this prize in 1998. It is named after Mark Twain. Mark Twain was an American author. The Mark Twain Prize is America’s foremost award for humor. 



New Mexico State University

New Mexico State University is a four-year public university in the United States. It has five campuses, but its main campus is in Las Cruces, New Mexico. In 2010, it had about 18,000 undergraduate students.

The school started in 1888. It was first called the Las Cruces College. Soon after, it changed its name to New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts. In 1960, its name was changed to New Mexico State University.

New Mexico State University's sports teams, called the Aggies, mainly play in Conference USA.


Henryk Gorecki

Henryk Mikolaj Gorecki (6 December 1933—12 November 2010) was a Polish composer. His most famous work was his "Symphony No. 3", the "Symphony of Sorrowful Songs", written in 1992. More than one million recordings have been sold which makes it the most popular recording by a contemporary composer, getting to number 6 on the British album charts.

In 2010 Gorecki was given The Order of the White Eagle, Poland's highest honour.

Beaumaris

Beaumaris (, Literal translation: "beautiful marsh") is a small town on the island of Anglesey of the Menai Strait.

The town itself began in 1295 when Edward I of England started to build Beaumaris Castle. This was one of several castle along the North Wales coast - others include Conwy, Caernarfon and Harlech . Many of the builders of the castle were from France.

The castle was built on a marsh by the village of Llanfaes. The French builders called the marsh "beaux marais" which means "beautiful marsh". This is how the town got its name. The people who lived village in Llanfaes were removed to a new village in the west of Anglesey to make way for the castle. This village was called Newborough and it still exists today.

Notable buildings in the town include the castle, a courthouse built in 1614, St Mary's parish church, and the town gaol.

Beaumaris has a pier which was opened in 1846. The pier was enlarged to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872. Beaumaris Pier is still a busy base for yachts and other boats.


Lotte Giants

Lotte Giants is a South Korean professional baseball team. It was started in 1982. The company Lotte supports the team. Lotte Giants are based in Busan, South Korea. They are one of the first teams in the Korea Baseball Organization league. They play in the Sajik Baseball Stadium and the Ulsan Munsu Baseball Stadium. Lotte Giants won the Korean Series in 1984 and 1992. In 2008, 2009 and 2010, Lotte Giants had about 4 million people watch them play. This is the most people to watch a team in the league. The symbol of the team is a gull. It represents the harbors of Busan.


Halomonadaceae

The Halomonadaceae are a family of halophilic proteobacteria. The family was originally created in 1988 to contain the genera "Halomonas" and "Deleya". Many of its members were only recently discovered, and research is discovering new facts about them.

GFAJ-1 is a strain of rod-shaped extremophile bacteria in the Halomonadaceae. It was claimed that, when it did not have phosphorus, it took the usually poisonous element arsenic as a substitute. 

Geomicrobiologist Felisa Wolfe-Simon collected lake-bottom sediments in the shallow waters of Mono Lake in California. Wolfe-Simon cultured the organisms from this hypersaline (very salty) and highly alkaline environment. They grew in an arsenic-containing medium.

Unfortunately, the conclusions taken from this research have been disproved. A group of researchers analyzed the DNA of GFAJ-1, and could not detect any arsenic. The phosphorus in its DNA cannot be, and is not, replaced with arsenic.

Life is mostly composed of the elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, sulfur, and phosphorus. Although these six elements make up nucleic acids, proteins, and lipids and thus the bulk of living matter, it is possible in theory that some other elements in the periodic table might serve the same functions.

It is believed that all life needs phosphorus as a basic piece of the ‘backbone’ that holds DNA together. Likewise ATP (adenosine triphosphate), a key molecule in the cells' energy cycle.

Sky UK

Sky UK Limited is a satellite television company owned by Comcast. It used to be called British Sky Broadcasting Limited, BSkyB and Sky. It offers television and broadband Internet services in the United Kingdom. 

The present service can trace its heritage back to 1990, when BSkyB's predecessors British Satellite Broadcasting encrypted their respective film channels – Sky Movies and The Movie Channel which required viewers to get decoding equipment and a subscription to watch the channels. After the two companies merged, subscribers could get access to both channels, and two years later, the sports channel Sky Sports also became encrypted.


Sewage treatment

Sewage treatment is the process of dealing with sewage so that it does not cause harm to people or to rivers. Sewage flows in sewer pipes from houses and factories. When it arrives at a sewage treatment plant it passes through many stages. Larger treatment plants often have more stages than smaller ones. A house that doesn't have access to a city's sewage treatment will have its own septic system.

Large objects and rags are removed using screens. The sewage then flows through a tank so sand and grit can fall out. This protects the machines in later stages. 
Fats and solids are removed in the first treatment stage. Sewage enters a tank where solids fall to the bottom and fat floats to the top. Fats and solids stay in the tank and the water continues to the next stage. This is called primary treatment.

Modern sewage treatment started in London in about 1850. The first treatment plants for sewage were designed by Sir Joseph Bazalgette.

Bacteria and amoebae in the gut and bowels are totally anaerobic. Oxygen kills them. A key aspect of the treatment is not just to remove solids, but to "run the sewage through oxygenated water". It is this which is the most important part of treatment after solids are removed. The use of chemicals is only done exceptionally. Dumping sewage into the sea is disgusting, but has been done at times when the treatment plants are not adequate.

Small treatment plants may use a small pond, called a lagoon, to hold the sewage while oxygen destroys the bacteria. Larger treatment plants use machines to help process the sewage. Some treatment works have rocks or pieces of plastic for the bacteria to grow on. Water is pumped over the rocks or plastic.

Solids from the first and second treatment tanks can be used to make methane gas and fertilizer for farmers' fields or may be dried and sent to a landfill.

Vladimir Arnold

Vladimir Arnold (12 June 1937 — 3 June 2010) was a Russian mathematician of Jewish descent, said to be one of the greatest mathematicians of the 20th century. He worked in many areas of mathematics including dynamical systems, differential equations, hydrodynamics, magnetohydrodynamics, classical and celestial mechanics, geometry, topology, algebraic geometry, symplectic geometry, and singularity theory.

Arnold was born in Odessa, Ukraine. He worked at the Steklov Mathematical Institute in Moscow and later at the Moscow State University. Arnold died in Paris after going there to seek medical treatment.

He would have be given the Fields Medal in Mathematics in 1974, but this was opposed by the Soviet government. His other awards include:

Sewage

Sewage or domestic wastewater is the liquid waste produced by people when using the toilet, having a bath or shower or washing clothes and dishes. In some places, it also includes rain-water falling on houses and roads. It can also have liquid waste from factories in it. It flows in pipes called sewers to be cleaned up at a sewage treatment works.

Sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful. It can have many chemicals in it which can also cause harm to animals and humans. Most sewage in poor counties is not treated and may spread disease. A problem that occurs sometimes is a sewage spill which can be damaging to health and wildlife. 

The temperature of sewage tends to be slightly higher than in drinking water but it is more stable than the ambient temperature. The color of fresh sewage is slightly grey, whereas older sewage (also called "septic sewage") is dark grey or black. The odor of fresh sewage is "oily" and unpleasant. Older sewage has an unpleasant foul odor due to hydrogen sulfide gas and other decomposition by-products. Sewage can have high turbidity from suspended solids. 

Snowdonia

Snowdonia () is a region in north Wales. It is also a national park of in area. It was the first national park in Wales, set up in 1951. It is the largest national park in Wales and includes the highest mountain in Wales, and the largest natural lake in Wales. Before 1951, the word "Snowdonia" was used for the much smaller area around Snowdon itself. The which includes the national park is twice as large.

The English name for the area comes from Snowdon, which is the highest mountain in Wales, at above sea level. In Welsh it is named "Eryri." This could be the Welsh word for eagle, which is" eryr", or it may mean "highlands". In the Middle Ages, Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, who was the Prince of Wales, was called "Prince of Wales and Lord of Snowdonia". In Welsh, it translates to "Tywysog Cymru ac Arglwydd Eryri". Gruffudd's grandfather, Llywelyn Fawr, was called "Prince of north Wales and Lord of Snowdonia."

Before it was a national park, the name "Snowdonia" was used to describe "Snowdon," a small area north of Gwynedd. Today, the national park covers an area that is two times larger than the area originally called Snowdonia. The park covers areas as far south as Meirionnydd. The original Snowdonia includes Snowdon, and three other mountain ranges: the Glyderau, the Carneddau and the Moel Siabod group. The hills that are south of Maentwrog are not part of the original Snowdonia.

Snowdonia National Park () was started in 1951. It was the third national park in Britain. It makes up , and has of coastline in its border. The park is ran by the Snowdonia National Park Authority. The park has lands that are owned by private people and also by the public. 

Snowdonia has many historic sites, including Stone Age burial chambers, Iron age hill forts, Roman forts, churches, and medieval castles. There are also industrial sites including large slate quarries, copper mines, and woolen mills. More than 26,000 people live in Snowdonia. The area attracts over six million visitors every year. Most of the land is either open or mountainous land, but there is also some farm-land. Snowdonia National Park does not include the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog, which is like an island in the centre of the park.

Snowdonia may be divided into four areas:

People can hike the area, primarily in Snowdon. People can hike the Snowdon Mountain Railway all the way to the top of the mountain. People also hike other mountains in the area such as Tryfan and lower areas that aren't very mountainous. There are of footpaths that go through the park. bridleways are also in the area for people to ride horses. The park also has many areas that are within Right to Roam laws.

The coastline in the park is a Special Area of Conservation. The area starts at Llŷn Peninsula and goes down the coast. There are sand dunes located in the special area. The park has trees. They are a mix of different types of deciduous trees. The tree seen the most in the park is the Welsh Oak. Birch, ash, mountain-ash and hazel trees are also found in the park. There are coniferous forests that have been planted by people. These forests include Gwydir Forest. These forests used to be harvested for wood. Now they grow without people cutting down the trees. 

The park is the only place in Britain where Snowdon lily and the Snowdon beetle can be found. It is the only place in the world where the Snowdonia hawkweed is found. An invasive species is growing in the park, too, called the "Rhododendron ponticum". It kills native species that live in the park and also makes fungus grow that is poisonous. The fungus stays alive up to seven years after the rhododendron is killed.

Almost 20% of the land in Snowdonia is protected under laws. These laws protect the plants and animals that live in Snowdonia. Half of the 20% of protected land is part of the national park. Otters, polecats, and wild goats live in Snowdonia. So do pine marten's but they are very hard to find and are rare. Other birds that are rare and hard to find are ravens, peregrine, osprey, merlin, and red kites. The Snowdown beetle, which is rainbow colored, also lives in Snowdon.

Snowdonia is one of the wettest parts of the United Kingdom. The area Crib Goch, which is in Snowdonia, is the wettest place in the UK. It rains, on average, a year.


Gwynedd

Gwynedd is a large area in North West Wales. It has a long coast-lime with many cliffs and beaches. It also has many mountains including Snowdon, the highest mountain in England and Wales. Large towns include Bangor and Caernarfon.

The county was divided into five districts: Aberconwy, Arfon, Dwyfor, Meirionnydd and Anglesey.

Superstar K

Superstar K () is a South Korean television talent show series which is held every year. The concept is the same as the "Pop Idol" franchise. It involves finding the next "superstar". The winner each week is worked out through scores given by judges and votes from viewers. First held in 2009, "Superstar K" has become more and more popular. 

As the slogan of this program is “Sing the miracle”, plenty of people who volunteered “Season 2” to become a singer were about 1,430,000. Furthermore, the audition was held by Seoul, Busan, Daejeon, Daegu, Incheon, Jeju, Gwangju, Chuncheon, and even LA. 

This audition has lots of stages. First, participants should take the first local preliminary round, and after passing it, they face the second, and then the third. After the third round, all participants from all areas gather to Seoul, and semi round, called “Super Week”, is began. From this stage, all stages become survival formats, and keen. After the round, 11 people are chosen as last members, and they stay at the same house, take the vocal training, and compete each other every week. Finally, the one who survive from the competition win the audition. In this audition, famous judges appear. The judges are Korean popular singers, Seungchul Lee, Jongsin Yoon, and Junghwa Um. These singers judge each participant. As this is TV show, viewers can join the judgment. When last 11 people compete each other, viewers can vote who they want, and it accounts for 60%. The singers’ judgment forms 30%, and the rest is up to internet survey. 

The winner of each season gets huge rewards. In Season 2, the winner, named Gak Heo, got ₩200 million, a car worth about ₩25 million. In addition, a famous music producer made his album and a music video. He also performed at the Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album of Ingook Seo, the winner of the Season 1, ranked at the top of the charts for several weeks.

Ceredigion

Ceredigion (Welsh: Sir Ceredigion) is a principal area of Wales, corresponding to the historic county of Cardiganshire.

It has been administered as a county since 1282.

Welsh is spoken by more than half of the area's population. 

It is considered to be a centre of Welsh culture. 

The county is mainly rural with over 50 miles (80 km) of coastline and mountainous terrain.

Jeju United FC

The Jeju United FC, founded in 1982, is a professional football team in the K League 1. It uses the Jeju World Cup Stadium as its home stadium. Although it is based in Seogwipo at this moment, it has been through several base changes. Its original name was Yukong Elephants FC, which was founded in 1982 and based in Seoul, Incheon, and Gyeonggi-do province. This YooGong football club changed its home stadium to Seoul in 1990. In 1996, as a part of localization policy, it again changed its home stadium to Bucheon, and changed its name as Bucheon SK. However, the overall facilities in Bucheon were not enough, so it finally changed its home stadium to the Jeju World Cup Stadium in Jeju Island, thus getting the name 'Jeju United FC.'

Jeju United is famous for educating coaches and for supporting the development of football techniques. For example, Valeri Nepomniachi, the Russian coach hired in 1994, delivered many developed strategies and techniques to the K League. This created a vogue 'Nepomniachi Style' among other teams. Its mascot is Kamguri, which represents the symbol of Jeju, the Mandarin. Its home stadium, 'Jeju World Cup Stadium,' can accommodate 35,545 people.

Jeju United FC has been doing well in the K League. It came in 3rd in the 1983 Superleague. Beginning from this, it has usually maintained good rankings in K-league including the championship in 1989. In 2010, it maintained first place throughout the season, but was surpassed by FC Seoul at the last match, ending in second place. 

The emblem of Jeju United FC is a shield-shaped one with the combination of black, red, and blue. This will enable people to feel the power of the football team. To be more specific, the emblem represents Hallasan and the horn of a deer which symbolize Jeju Island. This expresses the defense power of the team. At the same time, the sword in the middle which was made from the 'J' in Jeju Island involves the team's spirit that it will adopt the attacking-strategy as its main one. In addition to this, it uses the motif of SK group's Happy Wings so that the Jeju residents would become united through the soccer.

Jeju World Cup Stadium was built in harmony with Jeju's culture, nature, and life. First, the entrance was made after the traditional entrance, Olle. Also, Jeongnang, a traditional door, stands next to the entrance. The overall shape of the stadium resembles the so-called 'Oreum'. Oreum is a parasitic volcano, and its top has a concave shape. To attain this concave shape, the stadium made the field 14m under the ground, which minimized the effect of the wind. Besides, the roof of the stadium symbolizes Teu, the traditional boat for fishing. As a home stadium of Jeju United FC, it can accommodate more than 35.000 people.

Fred Page

Frederick Page (September 29, 1915 - December 23, 1997) was a Canadian executive for several ice hockey leagues and organizations. Page was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.

As president of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA), he helped bring amateur hockey teams to Europe for tours. Later, he helped facilitate negotiations between the CAHA and the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). This would lead to Page being an executive vice president of the IIHF from 1969 to 1972. Next, he helped start the Pacific Coast Junior Hockey League, which later merged with the British Columbia Junior Hockey League in 1997. Page was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.

Bismuthine

Bismuthine, also known as bismuthane, bismuth hydride, and hydrogen bismuthide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiH. It has bismuth and hydride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuthine is very unstable. It is only found below -60°C. Above that temperature it breaks down into bismuth and hydrogen. 

It is made by a complex process that involves organic chemistry.

It is part of a test for bismuth. This is similar to the Marsh test for arsenic.


John Schella

John Edward Schella (May 9, 1947 – August 3, 2018) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Schella made his NHL debut in 1970 with the Vancouver Canucks, spending parts of two seasons with the team before moving to the Houston Aeros, where he spent six seasons. Schella played one final year in the minor leagues before retiring in 1979.

Bud Poile

Norman Robert "Bud" Poile (February 10, 1924 – January 4, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach, general manager, and league executive.


 Midseason replacement

² Replaced midseaseon


List of Bobby's World episodes

This is a list of episodes from the Fox animated television series "Bobby's World". The series premiered on September 8, 1990 and ended on February 23, 1998. A total of 80 half-hour episodes were produced, and reruns on NBC Kids

River Teifi

The River Teifi is a river in west Wales. It starts in the hills above the town of Tregaron and then flows into a large marsh called Tregaron bog. This bog helps to stop flow in the river being too extreme. It stores up flood water when it is raining hard and it lets water go during dry weather.

The water in the River Teifi is very good quality. The river supports lots of wild-life including Salmon and Trout. The wildlife is so special that the whole river has been given special protetion by scientists to stop it being damaged.

The river passes through small towns such as Lampeter and Newcastle Emlyn before it reaches the sea at Cardigan. For the last few miles before it reaches Cardigan, the river runs through a deep gorge called Cigerran Gorge. Some people still fish for Salmon here using a very ancient boat called a Coracle.

River Ystwyth

The River Ystwyth (; ) is a river in west Wales. It starts in the hills between Rhayader and Ysbyty Ystwyth and flow into the sea at Aberystwyth. Although the river looks very clean, it has high levels of some metals such as lead, zinc and silver. These metals poison a lot of the wildlife so that only a few things live in some of the river. These metals get into the river from old lead mines. Nobody uses the mines any more but the waste material left behind still has lots of metal in it and this dissolves in rain and gets into the river.


David Warren

David Warren (3 March 1925, Groote Eylandt, Australia— 19 July 2010, Brighton, Victoria, Australia) was an Australian scientist. He became famous for inventing the black box flight recorder which could give information about the causes of aircraft crashes.

Ryūe Nishizawa

In 1995, he started a partnership with Kazuyo Sejima in Tokyo. It was called SANAA.

In 1997, he started the independent Office of Ryūe Nishizawa.




Incubator (egg)

An incubator is a machine used mostly for hatching eggs without the help of a hen or mother.

Thomas Dörflein

Thomas Dörflein (13 October 1963 – 22 September 2008) was a German zookeeper at the Berlin Zoo for 26 years. He became a celebrity after he took care of the polar bear cub Knut, who had been abandoned by his mother shortly after his birth in 2006. In 2007, Dörflein was awarded the Medal of Merit by the city of Berlin for helping to raise Knut.

Bismuth(V) fluoride

Bismuth(V) fluoride, also known as bismuth pentafluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiF. It has five bismuth-fluorine bonds in it. The bismuth is in its +5 oxidation state.

Bismuth(V) fluoride is a white crystalline solid. It is an extremely strong oxidizing agent and fluorinating agent, something that adds fluoride ions to other chemicals. It reacts with water to make ozone and oxygen difluoride. It also reacts with iodine and sulfur at room temperature. Above 50°C, it reacts with hydrocarbons like paraffin to make fluorocarbons. At 180°C, it reacts with chlorine to make chlorine monofluoride and with bromine to make bromine trifluoride.

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) fluoride with fluorine at a high temperature. It is also made by reacting bismuth(III) fluoride with chlorine trifluoride. 

It is used as a fluorinating agent.


Chlorine monofluoride

Chlorine monofluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ClF. It has chlorine and fluoride ions in it. The chlorine is in its +1 oxidation state.

Chlorine monofluoride is a colorless gas. It can be cooled to a pale yellow liquid at low temperatures. Many of its properties are between the properties of chlorine and fluorine. It reacts with tungsten to make tungsten hexafluoride and with selenium to make selenium tetrafluoride. It reacts with carbon monoxide to add chloride and fluoride to it.


Neumünster Zoo

The Neumünster Zoo (German: Tierpark Neumünster) is a zoo in the north part of Germany. It was well known for suing the Berlin Zoo for the profits from Knut's publicity.

Terunobu Fujimori

He graduated from the architecture department at the faculty of engineering of Tōhoku University in 1971. Then he went for graduate study at Tokyo University. In 1979, he finished his dissertation "Historical Research on City Planning in the Meiji Era" and got his PhD.

In 1986 he won the Suntory Arts Prize for his book "Adventures of an Architectural Detective-Tokyo Edition" (建築探偵の冒険・東京篇 in Japanese). That year, he also one of the first members of the "Roadside Observation" art group (路上観察学会 in Japanese) with the artist Genpei Akasegawa and the illustrator and manga artist Shinpo Minami.

In 2001, he finished a dormitory for the Kumamoto Prefectural University of Agriculture. That dormitory won an architecture prize. Fujimori was a commissioner for the 10th Venice Biennale in 2006. He also directed a TV series for Fuji TV.

In 2010, Fujimori retired from the University of Tokyo and joined Kogakuin University.

Fujimori has written many books about architecture. Some describe his projects. Others are books of architectural history. He has published more than 25 books of his own. He has edited or written more than a dozen books with other writers.

Fujimori often works with Shoushi Uchida or Nobumichi Oshima. Some of his projects are listed below.

Kansas State University

Kansas State University (often called K-State) is a public university in Manhattan, Kansas, in the United States, although there is also a branch in Salina, Kansas and Olathe, Kansas. It was started in 1863. In fall 2010, 23,588 students were enrolled there.

Knut (polar bear)

Knut (5 December 2006– 19 March 2011) was a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Berlin Zoo. Because his mother rejected him when he was born, he was raised by zookeepers. People began to protest for him after a German newspaper called "Bild-Zeitung" quoted an animal rights activist saying the young cub had to die. Both children and adults supported him, and e-mails and letters asking the zoo to let the cub live were sent from around the world. Because of his fame, Knut became a tourist attraction and commercial success.

Knut became very popular and the center of mass media attention called "Knutmania". Many toys, DVDs, and books were made about him. This brought in lots of money, about five million euros, to Berlin Zoo in 2007. More people went to the zoo, and that year was the most profitable year in the zoo's 163-year history.

Polar bear Knut died on 19 March 2011, because of the brain disease encephalitis.

Knut was born at Berlin Zoo. His mother was Tosca, a 20-year-old polar bear. She was a circus performer from East Germany, born in Canada, and her 13-year-old mate, Lars, was from a park in Munich. Tosca gave birth to Knut and his unnamed brother on 5 December 2006. However, she left her cubs on a rock in the polar bear enclosure and did not take care of them. The zookeepers rescued the cubs with a fishing net, but Knut's brother died from sickness four days later. Knut was only the size of a guinea pig, and had to spend the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas Dörflein began raising the cub.

Dörflein had to sleep on a mattress next to the cub at night because Knut needed care. Dörflein also had to play with, bathe, and feed the cub every day. Knut's food began with a bottle of baby milk mixed with cod liver oil every two hours. At four months old, he could eat milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins. Dörflein also appeared with Knut on the twice-daily one-hour shows at the zoo. Because of this, he appeared in lots of videos and photographs with the cub, and became well known in Germany. He also won Berlin's Medal of Merit in honor of his hard work and care for Knut. Dörflein died of a heart attack on 22 September 2008.

In early March 2007, the German newspaper "Bild-Zeitung" quoted the animal rights activist Frank Albrecht, who said that Knut should be killed instead of humiliated by being raised in a zoo. He declared that the zoo was breaking the rules of animal protection by keeping him alive. Wolfram Graf-Rudolf, the director of the Aachen Zoo, agreed with Albrecht. He stated that the zookeepers "should have had the courage to let the bear die". A group of children protested at the zoo, holding up signs that read "Knut Must Live" and "We Love Knut". Others sent emails and letters asking for the cub's life to be spared. Threatening letters were also sent to Albrecht. Berlin Zoo agreed to support the baby polar bear, and promised not to harm him.

Albrecht later claimed that he had quoted this because he wanted to change the law, not to have the bear killed. The publicity from this coverage raised Knut's profile from national to international.

On 23 March 2007, Knut appeared in public for the first time. About 400 journalists visited Berlin Zoo on what was called "Knut Day" to make reports all over the world. Because Knut became famous when he was very young, many wrong stories about the cub's health were spread around during his first year. For example, on 16 April 2007, Knut took a break from his display because of teething pains, but reports said that he might have an unknown sickness. There were also many death threats, like the one sent on Wednesday 18 April 2007. The zoo received an anonymous letter by fax which said "Knut ist tot! Donnerstag Mittag." ("Knut is dead! Thursday noon.") The police increased the bear's security.

In November 2007, Knut weighed over 90 kg (198 lb) and became too dangerous to be cared for closely. Hundreds of children attended the cub's first birthday celebration. This party was also shown live on German television. The national mint also made 25,000 special silver coins for his birthday. When Flocke, a female polar bear, was born at the Nuremberg Zoo in December 2007, "Bild" named her Mrs. Knut, suggesting that the two German-born polar bears might become mates.

A year after his public debut, Knut was reported as weighing more than 130 kg (286 lb). Very strong six-inch glass was put up between him and the zoo visitors. At the end of March 2008, Markus Röbke, one of the zookeepers who helped raise Knut, said the bear should leave the zoo to help him get used to living alone. Röbke also said that Knut misses Thomas Dörflein, who was like a father to him, and that he cries when no one is near him. "Knut needs an audience," Röbke said. "That has to change".

In July 2008, it was announced that the Neumünster Zoo in northern Germany, which owns Knut's father, sued Berlin Zoo for the money that came from Knut's success. Neumünster had tried to be friendly with Berlin Zoo at first, but now was trying to use the court to make them give part of the money that came from Knut. Peter Drüwa, the zoo director at Neumünster, said that they "do not want to remove Knut from his environment, but we have a right to our request for money." Shortly before Knut's second birthday, there were reports being spread that the bear would have to move to another zoo because he was getting too large for his enclosure. However, the zoo said that they still wanted to keep Knut.

Giovanna, a female polar bear about the same age as Knut, went to Berlin from Munich's Hellabrunn Animal Garden in September 2009. She shared Knut's enclosure for a short time while her regular home had repairs. Her arrival interested people from all over the world, because many sources thought the two bears (although they were sexually immature) would soon be "dating". However, in March 2010, the German chapter of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) called for Giovanna to stay somewhere else. Knut and Giovanna share a grandfather, and PETA spokesperson Frank Albrecht thought the same person who had claimed that Knut should be killed would threaten the German polar bear population if they might breed. The Berlin Zoo did not respond, but noted that Giovanna's stay in Berlin was only for a short time. In August 2010, Giovanna was moved back to Munich after repairs to her enclosure were finished.

Knut died on 19 March 2011 because of a brain disease. He had encephalitis (irritation and swelling of the brain). The swelling was probably caused by a virus, and caused an epileptic fit. After his death, the body of the bear was studied more at the Berlin Museum of Natural History.

Berlin Zoo made Knut a trademark in late March 2007. As a result, its shares became even higher. Knut earned Berlin Zoo nearly €5 million that year.

Many companies made cuddly toys modeled from Knut. Steiff, a toy company, made Knut-based stuffed animals in three sizes and models: sitting, standing, and lying down. They all sold out at the Berlin Zoo in only four days. The money was used to improve the bear's home. Candy company Haribo sold a raspberry-flavored gummy bear sweet called Cuddly Knut beginning in April 2007. They promised to give ten cents to the zoo for every package of Knut sweets it sold. The gummy bears sold very quickly as well.

Knut has been the subject of several popular songs in Germany, such as the singles "Knut is Cute" and ""Knut, der kleine Eisbär"" () by nine-year-old Kitty. In Britain, musical comedian Mitch Benn has performed three songs about Knut for BBC Radio 4 satirical series "The Now Show": "The Baby Bear Must DIE!", "Knut Isn't Cute Anymore", and "Goodbye Knut"—"Goodbye Knut" was about Knut moving to the Neumünster Zoo. Knut has also been in several DVDs, including one titled "Knut—Stories from a Polar Bear's Nursery". He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German "Vanity Fair" magazine, which was about the bear's life.

On 1 May 2007 it was announced that New York-based Turtle Pond Publications and Berlin Zoo had signed a deal for the worldwide publishing rights to Knut with the hopes of raising global warming issues. Written by Craig Hatkoff and his daughters, the 44-page book entitled "Knut, der kleine Eisbärenjunge" ("Little Polar Bear Knut") is about Knut's life story as well as photographs. Although books about Knut had already been published in Germany, this book was the first to be authorized by the Berlin Zoo.

The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on 26 July 2007. After that, the US publishing company Scholastic made an English version, "Knut: How one little polar bear captivated the world".

On 31 December 2007, the zoo's director said that the zoo had received a proposal for a movie deal from Hollywood movie producer Ash R. Shah, to make an animated movie about the bear's life. Shah reportedly suggested a €3.5 million movie deal to the zoo. The German movie "Knut und seine Freunde" ("Knut and His Friends"), was shown in Berlin on 2 March 2008. Directed by Michael Johnson, the movie was about how Knut was rescued after his mother did not take care of him.

Dr. Gerald Uhlich, of Berlin zoo, stated that Knut "draw[s] attention to the environment in a nice way." As a result, the German Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel adopted Knut as the mascot for a conference about endangered species. Gabriel met with Knut soon after his zoo debut, and said that although Knut was safe, "worldwide polar bears are in danger and if Knut can help the cause, then that is a good thing."

Photographer Annie Leibovitz took pictures of Knut that were used for an environmental campaign. The polar bear has also been on the logo for the German Environment Minister's campaign to help stop global warming and a 2008 stamp. The stamp shows the roughly one-year-old Knut with the slogan "Natur weltweit bewahren" ("Preserve nature worldwide").


Cultural identity

Cultural identity is the identity of a group, culture, or something similar, or a person's association to a group or culture. Basically, the cultural identity makes a group/culture what it is. Each culture has its own things that make it different from others. 

Cottage pie

Cottage pie or Shepherd's pie is a type of savory pie. It is made with minced meat, with mashed or sliced potato on top. It comes from the United Kingdom but was also popular in Ireland. The dish is now popular worldwide.

Cottage pie is made using the same or very similar ingredients to shepherds pie. Nationally Cottage pie is made with Beef mince and Shepherds pie is made with Lamb mince.

The name "cottage pie" was first used at the end of the 18th century. It was around that time that the poorer people of Britain, people who lived in cottages in the country, started using potatoes as an everyday food. Originally, a pie made with any kind of meat and a potato topping was called a "cottage pie". 

In modern English, the dish is usually called "cottage pie" if it is made with beef with a sliced potato topping, representing the tiles of a roof. (The claim that cottage pie has sliced potato to represent tiles on a roof is highly contentious- references please)Though mass produced pies often have a mashed potato topping instead. If it is made with mutton or lamb it is usually called "shepherd's pie" (because a shepherd looks after sheep) and has a topping of mashed potato, patterned to represent sheep's fleece. The modern day cottage pie may now contain vegetables, lentils or beans in place of meat, and may have cheese sprinkled on top of the potato, although the addition of cheese with the beef Cottage pie is a recent addition, and is not found with mutton/lamb Shepherd's pie.

A similar dish to cottage pie is hotpot. However, Hotpot is slow cooked in a lidded crock pot or casserole dish.

Cottage pie (and Shepherd's pie) are cooked in a pie tray or baking dish without a lid, so the potato topping can start browning.

According to the "Oxford Companion to Food", once upon a time, Scotland made its shepherd’s pies with pastry instead of mashed potatoes.



Light beam

A light beam or beam of light is a small projection of light energy coming from a source into a beam. Sunlight is a natural example of a light beam when it crosses through various objects (clouds, foliage, windows, etc.). To produce fake light, a lamp and a parabolic reflector is used in many lighting devices such as spotlights, car headlights. Light from certain types of lasers has the smallest possible beam width, so it produces the most parallel light beams possible.

SOS (song)

"SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is a dance-pop and R&B song that samples the 1981 song "Tainted Love" by Soft Cell. It was released on February 14, 2006 off of the album "A Girl like Me" and went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, her first song to do so. The song was originally written for Christina Milian.

Bismuth(III) bromide

Bismuth(III) bromide, also known as bismuth tribromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiBr. It has bismuth and bromide ions. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state. 

Bismuth(III) bromide is a white to pale yellow solid. It reacts with water to make bismuth oxybromide, BiOBr, which is a solid. It can only dissolve in acidic solutions. 

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydrobromic acid. It can also be made by reacting powdered bismuth with bromine.


Bismuth(III) fluoride

Bismuth(III) fluoride, also known as bismuth trifluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiF. It has bismuth and fluoride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) fluoride is a gray-white powder. It does not dissolve in water. It is made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydrofluoric acid or by reacting a large amount of bismuth with fluorine.


Freshwater Biological Association

The Freshwater Biological Association, often shortened to the FBA, is a British charity started in 1929. It aims are to promote freshwater biology. It publishes identification keys to freshwater plants and animals throughout the world, and also maintains a library of freshwater science. 

Membership is open to anyone who is interested in freshwater science. The Association's main offices are in Far Sawrey, on the banks of Windermere in Cumbria.


Freshwater biology

Freshwater biology is the study of plants and animals that live in fresh water. This includes rivers, lakes, ponds, marshes and other bodies of water. It is part of the branch of science called Limnology.

Much freshwater biology takes place in man-made places such as sewage treatment works and water treatment works. In these places water is purified using plants and animals. Keeping them working as hard as possible helps to make the water as cleaner.

In recent times freshwater biologists have been looking at how plants and animals change in the autumn and spring. This is helping us to understand more about the effects of climate change.

Tincture of iodine

Tincture of iodine is a disinfectant. It has iodine and potassium iodide dissolved in ethanol and water. Normally, iodine does not dissolve in water. But when "potassium iodide"
is added, the iodine can dissolve. Also, ethanol helps iodine dissolve. Tincture of iodine has about equal amounts of iodide and iodine. It is not suitable for consumption. There are two types of tincture of iodine:

USP Tincture of Iodine: for every 100 mL, it has 1.8 to 2.2 grams of iodine, 2.1 to 2.6 grams of sodium iodide, and 50mL ethanol. The rest is water.

USP Strong Iodine Tincture: for every 100 mL, it has 6.8 to 7.5 grams of iodine, 4.7 to 5.5 grams of potassium iodide, and 50 mL ethanol. The rest is water.

It can be used as a skin disinfectant and as a water disinfectant. It is used to disinfect minor cuts, burn and scratches. Because it has iodine in it, it is toxic in large amounts. Lugol's iodine is an alcohol-free version. It is commonly used in experiments in middle school science labs. It is an alcoholic solution of iodine.

Stavropoleos Monastery

Stavropoleos Monastery or the Stavropoleos Church ( or ""), is an Eastern Orthodox monastery for nuns in central Bucharest, Romania that was built in the year 1724. The monastery was named after the Romanian version of a Greek word, "Stauropolis", which means "The city of the Cross". 

Cayenne

Cayenne is a commune, the capital (prefecture) of the French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France that is in northern South America. The city is on a former island at the mouth of the Cayenne river on the Atlantic coast.

The first European settlement in the region was founded on the Cayenne island in 1604 by French people sent by Henry IV but the settlement was destroyed by Portuguese to enforce the Treaty of Tordesillas

French colonists came back in 1643 and founded Cayenne, but they were forced to leave once more following Amerindian attacks. In 1664, France finally succeeded at establishing a permanent settlement at Cayenne. Over the next decade the colony changed hands between the French, Dutch, and English, before being restored to France. It was captured by an Anglo-Portuguese force at the invasion of Cayenne in 1809 and administered from Brazil until 1814, when it was returned to French control. It was used as a French penal colony from 1854 to 1938.

Cayenne is a city along the Atlantic coast on the sides of a common estuary of the Cayenne and Montsinéry rivers. It has an area of ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is at from Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni and from Kourou. The distances to other cities out of French Guiana are:

The city is surrounded by:

Cayenne has an equatorial climate (Köppen climate classification: Af) bordering on a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification: Am) with a dry season and a heavy monsoon the rest of year and no cold season.

The average temperature for the year in Cayenne is . The warmest month, on average, is September with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Cayenne is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is September with an average of . There is an average of 201.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in May with 27.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in September with 5.0 days.

The inhabitants of Cayenne are known, in French, as "Cayennais" (women: "Cayennaises").

The city of Cayenne has a population, in 2014, of 55,817; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Cayenne

Cayenne is twinned with:




Toll road

A toll road (also called a turnpike, toll highway, or express toll route) is a road for which vehicles must pay a fee to use, called a "toll". Toll roads are there in part to control the number of people using it. They may be built to allow some users to travel faster and avoid traffic congestion, speeding up traffic. In the past, tolls were collected to give income to governments or landowners. Today, tolls can be considered a form of tax which pays for the cost of road construction and maintenance that are not charged on those who do not use that road.

There are many types of toll roads. Tolls might be charged to use a bridge, tunnel, or highway. On some roads, the amount of money you pay depends on how far along the road you go, and/or whether you are driving a car, motorcycle, bus, or truck. On other roads, you pay the same amount no matter how far you go or what you drive.

There are also many ways tolls can be collected. In the first toll roads, you had to stop at a booth along the road and pay the toll to a person, called a "collector". Depending on the road, you might have to do so when you get on, when you get off, or both. Because many vehicles may be waiting to pay the toll, the area around "toll plazas", which are a bunch of booths blocking the whole road, can be crowded. Recently, there are roads that have "electronic toll collection", which makes use of computer chips and RFID technology to identify drivers and charge their tolls on their bank accounts.

Tolls might be collected by vehicles traveling on one or more lanes of a road which is otherwise free to use. These lanes are often called "high occupancy toll lanes" because in most cases, vehicles with more than one person do not have to pay to use the lane. These lanes are there to encourage carpooling. If there are fewer cars on the road, more people can get to where they want to go without getting stuck in traffic.

All roads have to be paid for somehow, and so are never truly "free". Road construction costs may be paid for by the taxes on gasoline, diesel, or other fuel. Users of toll roads still pay these taxes "and" the tolls for using this particular road or lane.

Tolls are mentioned in Greek mythology where Charon the ferryman charged a toll to carry the dead across the rivers Acheron and Styx to Hades. If the soul paid a toll, Charon ferried it across the river. If not, it wandered between death and life for eternity.

Toll roads are at least 2700 years old, as tolls had to be paid by travellers using the Susa–Babylon highway under the regime of Ashurbanipal, in the 7th century BC.
Aristotle and Pliny refer to tolls in Arabia and other parts of Asia. In India, before the 4th century BC, the Arthasastra notes the use of tolls. Germanic tribes charged tolls to travellers across mountain passes.

Investor's bonds may be sold to those who are paying for the road to be built, and it is expected that they will be paid back over time by charging tolls. Once the bonds are paid off, the road is usually given back to the government agency that owns the land it was built on and had allowed the road to be built.

The need to build better roads than the existing ones was a reason for turnpikes. Turnpike trusts started in England and Wales from about 1706. They were set up by individual Acts of Parliament, with powers to collect road tolls. At the peak, in the 1830s, over 1,000 trusts had about of turnpike road in England and Wales. They had almost 8,000 toll-gates. The trusts were responsible for keeping and improving most main roads in England and Wales. This helped distribute agriculture and industrial goods and kept prices low. The Turnpike trusts were gradually abolished starting in the 1870s. Most trusts improved existing roads, but some new ones, usually only short stretches of road, were also built. Thomas Telford's Holyhead road (now the A5 road) is exceptional: it was a long new road, built in the early 19th century with many toll booths along its length.

Annie Besant

Annie Besant (1 October 1847, London – 20 September 1933, India) was a British woman who became one of the leaders of the Indian freedom struggle. In 1885, Annie Besant joined the Fabian Society and later became a member of 'Marxist Social Democratic Federation'. She joined the Theosophical Society, a religious movement founded in 1875, based on ideas of karma and reincarnation. As a leader of the Society, Besant helped to spread Theosophical beliefs around the world. She established the 'Olkot Panjama School' in 1894. She was the founder of Central Hindu College. Later this college developed as the Hindu University of Benarus. Annie Besant started the India Home Rule movement in 1916 and became its president. In 1917 she became a leading member of the Indian National Congress.

Halophile

Halophiles are organisms that need salt in their environment to live. Halophiles live in evaporation ponds or salt lakes such as Great Salt Lake, Owens Lake, or Dead Sea. The name "halophile" comes from Greek for "salt-loving". 

Most halophiles are archaeans, but some bacteria and eukaryotes are also halophiles, such as the alga "Dunaliella salina". 

Most halophilic and salt-eating animals use energy to remove salt from their cytoplasm. Normally, organisms living around a lot of salt would lose water and die because of osmosis. Water inside the organism would move from inside the cell to its outside environment. This is because there is always movement of water to reach a state where the concentrations of salt are the same on both sides of the cell membrane.

To survive, the cytoplasm of halophiles must be isotonic with its environment. 

To get to this state, halophiles use two different methods. In the first (mainly used by bacteria, some archaea, yeasts, algae and fungi), organic compounds are stored in the cytoplasm. These compounds help the organism survive the stress of osmosis. The most commonly used solutes for this process are neutral and include amino acids and sugars. Advantages to this method are that organisms can live in a wider range of salt concentrations. Also, if proteins are not exposed to high salt levels, they do not have to adapt to high salt levels. It requires the organism to use much more energy then the adaption below. 

The second, less common adaptation, is the selective intake of potassium (K) ions into the cytoplasm. In exchange, the organism pumps sodium (Na) ions out with the help of the sodium-potassium pump. Ions of sodium may be used instead of potassium, but potassium is the most common. This adaptation is only used by one order of bacteria and one family of Archaea. An advantage to this method is that it uses much less energy than the adaption above. The main disadvantage to this adaption is that all of the machinery inside the cell (enzymes, structural proteins, etc.) must be adapted to high levels of non-organic ions, and high salt levels. This is much more demanding than the adaptation described above.

Most halophilic organisms only use one of the two methods, but a few halophiles can use both.

Halophiles are categorized by the levels of salt at which they grow best. Halophiles can either be categorized as slight halophiles, moderate halophiles, or extreme halophiles. Slight halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt around 2% to 5%. An example of a slight halophile is "Erythrobacter flavus". Slight halophiles live in mud on the ocean floor, in seawater, and in garden soil.

Moderate halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt around 5% to 20%. Examples of moderate halophiles are organisms in the genera "Desulfovibrio", "Desulfocella", "Desulfohalobium", and "Desulfotomaculum". Moderate halophiles live in marine salterns, saline lakes, in matter at the bottom of the sea, and in oil brine fields.

Extreme halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt from 20% to 30%. Examples of extreme halophiles are "Salinibacter ruber" and organisms in the Halobacteria class. Extreme halophiles live in the Dead Sea in the Middle East and in man-made solar salterns (lakes used for making sea salt).

Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems. For example, halophiles often support entire populations of wild birds. 

Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments. Waste water with salt concentrations more than 2% is ideal for halophiles to remove organic pollutants from. For instance, halophiles have been shown to remove phenol (a poisonous chemical) from their environments. This could lead to future use in cleaning up oil spills.

Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods. For instance, halophiles ferment soy and fish sauces. Halophiles also ferment salted fish.

Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology. The compounds that certain halophiles make are valuable. Some of these compounds are not found anywhere else in the living world. The salt-tolerant enzymes that halophiles produce can be used in a variety of ways. For example, these enzymes could be used for rough industrial processes, like food processing.

Some moderate halophiles produce sugars outside the cell. These sugars can be used as thickeners and emulsifiers in the petroleum and medicine industries.



Owens Lake

Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada of Inyo County, California, located about south of Lone Pine, California. Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years, Owens held water until 1924. Today, some of the flow of the river has been restored, and the lake now has some water.

Dunaliella salina

Dunaliella salina is a type of halophile pink micro-algae found in sea salt fields. "Dunaliella salina" is used in cosmetics and dietary supplements. Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds. To survive, these organisms have high concentrations of beta-carotene to protect against light, and high concentrations of glycerol to provide protection against osmotic pressure. This offers an opportunity for commercial biological production of these substances.

Scarification

Scarification or cicatrization is a form of body modification, where a design or pattern is cut, etched or scratched into human skin to make a permanent scar. Like with most body modification, there are many reasons why people choose to be scarified. The act of scarifying has been compared to tattooing due to the fact that it permanently changes the skin. It has also been identified with self harm because people have used it to cover self-inflicted wounds.

Scarification began as cultural identification in some places, especially in Maori and African societies. Other cultures may use it for religious reasons, and nearly all cultures use it for aesthetics. Some people also use scarification for pleasure, as the process of being scarified creates endorphins.

Haloarchaea

Haloarchaea are halophiles. They need a high salt concentrations to grow. They are a distinct evolutionary branch of the Archaea, and are extremophiles.

The term "halobacteria" is a misnomer (mistaken name), because we now know the archaea are a different group from bacteria.

In taxonomy, the Haloarchaea are a class of the Euryarchaeota, found in water with salt. They are common in most environments where large amounts of salt, moisture, and organic material are available.

Cowbird

Cowbirds are birds of the genus "Molothrus". They are brood parasites, similar in life-style to the Cuckoo. The entire family Icteridae is limited to the New World.

They lay their eggs in the nests of other birds. The birds whose nest is used by the cowbird is tricked into raising the young cowbirds.

These birds feed on insects, including those stirred up by cattle. They lay their eggs in other birds' nests. This means that the birds can more easily stay with the herd.

The Brown-headed Cowbird has over 220 hosts. The other cowbird species have fewer known hosts, but all the species are generalists when it comes to choosing a host. This means that the eggs may look very different from the hosts' eggs.

It seems that Brown-headed Cowbirds periodically check on their eggs and young after they have deposited them. Removal of the parasitic egg may trigger a retaliatory reaction termed 'mafia behaviour'. Cowbirds may penalise hosts which remove the cowbird egg: they often destroy the eggs or nestlings of those hosts.

Elisabeth of Bavaria

Duchess Elisabeth of Bavaria (December 24, 1837 - September 10, 1898) was the wife of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria.

Elisabeth was born in Munich, Bavaria state in Germany. She was part of the royal family of Wittelsbach. She was the fourth of the ten children of Prince Maximilian of Bavaria and his wife Princess Ludovika. She was known as "Sisi". She grew up with her brothers and sisters at Possenhofen Castle. In August 1853, she went to Bad Ischl with her mother and older sister Helene, to celebrate Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph's 23rd birthday. The event was also supposed to be the occasion to announce his engagement to Helene. However, Franz Joseph liked the young and beautiful Elisabeth so much that he proposed to her instead.

Elisabeth and Franz Joseph were married in great pomp in Vienna on April 24, 1854. Elisabeth had an informal upbringing, before marrying Franz Joseph. She disliked the much more formal life she had to live at court. Early in the marriage, her mother-in-law, Princess Sophie, took over the care of Elisabeth's daughters. One daughter died when she was a baby. The birth of her son Rudolf improved her standing at court. Her health suffered under the stress of the court life. She had four children: Sophie (1855-1857), Gisele (1856-1932), Rudolf (1858-1889) and Valerie (1868-1924). 

Franz Joseph and Elisabeth became King and Queen of Hungary in 1867, when the two countries joined together and created the Austro-Hungarian Empire. 

Elisabeth suffered from lung disease and melancholia. She disliked the strict etiquette of the court. She was often away and lived long periods of time abroad, notably in Hungary and at her villa in Corfu. 

Her only son, Rudolf, committed suicide in 1889, after killing his young mistress Marie Vetsera. Empress Elisabeth was assassinated by an Italian anarchist in 1898, while on a visit to Geneva. 

She has since become something of an historical icon and highly romantic figure, through a series of movies called "Sisi" in the 1950s. The movies starred actress Romy Schneider.

Maebashi

It has been recognized as a core city since 2009.

Rinkokaku is a wooden building which was built in 1884. It is an important cultural property. 

"Misopan", meaning “Bread with Miso paste” originates from Yakimanju. Friand, Numata, is famous for Misopan. The buns are made from Gunma Prefecture’s high quality wheat. Azuki bean paste is not used, but rather, a spread of miso with sugar, which is then grilled until brown.

The prefectural office building was formed from Maebashi castle. It was renovated in 1999, and became the tallest building in Maebashi.


Art Ross

Arthur Howey "Art" Ross (January 13, 1885 – August 5, 1964) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and executive from 1905 until 1954. Thought of as one of the best defenders of his time by his peers, he was one of the first to skate with the puck up the ice instead of passing it to a forward. He won the Stanley Cup twice in a playing career that lasted thirteen seasons; in January 1907 with the Kenora Thistles and 1908 with the Montreal Wanderers. Like other players of the time, Ross played for many teams and leagues, and is most familiar for when he played with the Wanderers while they were members of the National Hockey Association (NHA) and its successor, the National Hockey League (NHL). In 1911 he led one of the first player strikes over the players wanting more money. When the Wanderers' home arena burned down in January 1918, the team stopped playing so Ross retired as a player.

After working as an on-ice official for a few years, he became head coach of the Hamilton Tigers for one season. When the Boston Bruins were created in 1924, Ross was hired as the first coach and general manager of the team. He would go on to coach the team four different times until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954. Ross helped the Bruins finish first place in the league ten times and to win the Stanley Cup three times; Ross coached the team to one of the Stanley Cup victories. After he was hired by the Bruins, Ross, along with his wife and two sons, moved to a city near Boston, and became an American citizen in 1938. He died near Boston in 1964.

Ross was also important in creating different inventions for hockey to make it better. He created a style of hockey puck still used today, and also created an improved style of goal nets, which were used for forty years. In 1947 Ross gave the NHL the Art Ross Trophy, which is given to the best scorer of the NHL regular season. In 1949, the Hockey Hall of Fame named Ross.


Firmicutes

The Firmicutes are a phylum of bacteria, most of which have the Gram-positive type of cell walls.

The group is typically divided into the Clostridia, which are anaerobic, the Bacilli, which are aerobic, and the Mollicutes, a class of bacteria which do not have cell walls. 

On phylogenetic trees, the first two groups show up as paraphyletic or polyphyletic, as do their main genera, "Clostridium" and "Bacillus".

Firmicutes make up the largest portion of the mouse and human gut microbiome. The division "Firmicutes" as part of the gut flora has been shown to be involved in energy resorption and obesity.

Proteobacteria

The Proteobacteria are a major phylum of bacteria.

They are gram-negative bacteria. This means they do not retain the violet dye in the Gram staining protocol.

In a Gram stain test, a counterstain (commonly safranin) is added after the crystal violet, colouring all gram-negative bacteria with a pink colour.

The test itself is useful in classifying two distinct types of bacteria based on the structural differences of their cell walls.

Proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens, such as "Escherichia coli", "Salmonella", "Vibrio", "Helicobacter", and many other notable genera.

Others are free-living, and include many of the bacteria responsible for nitrogen fixation. The group is defined primarily in terms of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequences.

Most members are facultatively or obligately anaerobic, chemoautotrophs, and heterotrophic, but there are numerous exceptions.

There are alphaproteobacteria in this phylum which are widely found in marine plankton. They may constitute over 10% of the open ocean microbial community.


Necrosis

Necrosis is a medical condition in which parts of a person's body die, turn black, and fall off. This happens when the there is not enough blood reaching the tissues. This can happen for many reasons including injury, poisons, bacteria or radiation damage. The dead tissue will not grow back. 

André Kim

André Kim (August 24, 1935 – August 12, 2010) was a South Korean fashion designer based in Seoul, South Korea. He is known mainly for his evening and wedding gown collections.

Kim, whose real name is Kim Bong Nam, is one of fashion designers in South Korea. He has achievements in Korean fashion, and International fashion. New York Times and Herald Tribune in London described him as 'A pioneer in Korean fashion' and 'Alive fashion hero'. 

Kim became the Korea’s first male fashion designer as he opened his fashion shop in 1962 and since that time he attracted public attention by designing a wedding dress of Um Aeng Ran, who was a top star at that time, and designing many clothes like uniforms of the Korean athletes for the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Furthermore, not only did he hold a fashion show in Paris as the first South Korean in 1966 but also he held a lot of fashion shows in many places such as New York, Washington DC, Beijing and Sydney. Also, he was in the spotlight of the world because he became the world's first fashion designer to hold a fashion show in front of pyramids and Angkor Wat temple.

Since 2002 Kim has expanded his business into not only design fields such as children's wear and golf coat but also various fields like cosmetics and jewelry. He was active in his work even before he died on August 12, 2010, because of the pneumonia and colorectal cancer at age 74.

There are many characteristics that André Kim has in his fashion shows and styles. One of them is wedding finale, which is representative symbol as a bride and groom wearing wedding gowns confront each other. Kim sticks to a design that emphasizes woman's elegance and tries to apply Korean traditional pattern. Moreover, he always emphasizes white color. To be specific, the clothes that he designed are white as well as the things that he uses, such as furniture and cars, are also white. Moreover, he wears only white clothes regardless of the situation, even when he sleeps and takes a rest.


Wensleydale

Wensleydale is the valley (dale) of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines in North Yorkshire, England. Wensleydale is in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. It is named after the small village of Wensley. The village name 'Wensley' comes from the words "Woden's ley", or meadow of the pagan god Woden. It is famous for its cheese.

Wensleydale cheese is made from cow's milk. It is produced in a village in the county of North Yorkshire in England. It is usually shaped into a flat disc known as a truckle. The history of the cheese began in Wensleydale in 1150 when monks started making cheese. This became a farmhouse industry until the first commercial cheese was made in Hawes in 1897. Cheese making continued until May 1992 when the cheese factory closed. Six months later a group of local businessmen, ex-factory workers and cheesemakers, were able to reopen the business and promote Real Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese. This business has become very successful making specialty cheese and now employs more than 200 people.

In the 1990s, sales of the cheese had fallen very low. However, in the popular Wallace and Gromit animated cartoons, "A Grand Day Out" and "A Close Shave" the main character Wallace, a cheese lover, mention Wensleydale as a particularly favourite cheese, which boosted sales of the cheese.

Park Tae-hwan

Park Tae-hwan (nicknamed "Marine boy") is a famous swimmer from South Korea. He was born in Seoul on September 27, 1989. He is the first South Korean swimmer to win a world title. He won a gold medal in the men's 400 meters freestyle final at the World Swimming Championships in Melbourne, 2007. Recently, he won a medal in all seven events in which he has competed in 2010 Asian Games (three gold medals, two silver medals and two bronze medals).

Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve

Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve is one of the world's greatest fossil sites. It is part of Newfoundland and Labrador, in Canada.

Mistaken Point was so named because sailors found it a navigational hazard on the foggy tip of Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula. The site is on Canada's Tentative List for proposed UNESCO World Heritage Sites. No-one can visit the fossil site without an official guide; collecting actual fossils may not be done.

The fossils are in Mistaken Point's tilted and faulted mudstone and sandstone. They are exposed, visible on the surface. They are part of the Ediacaran biota, the oldest complex (multicellular) life forms. The Ediacaran is the last period in the Proterozoic eon. They date to 579 to 542 million years ago, when all life was in the sea.

The Reserve is the only place in the world where you can see a 565-million-year-old sea floor which preserves the ecology of these ancient deep sea communities.

This lagerstätte includes over 30 types of ancient creatures, most of them extinct groups unknown in our modern world.

The creatures lived on the bottom of a deep ocean, below the depths that light could reach. What is now Newfoundland was then between latitudes 40°–65° South. 

The imprints of the soft-bodied animals were preserved in place on the muddy sea floor when they were suddenly buried by repeated volcanic ash-falls. The ash (tuff) layers contain zircon, which makes it possible for geologists to accurately date the fossil layers by radiometric dating. Fossils of similar age are found in Russia and Australia, but the variety found at Mistaken Point make the site unique.


Period (geology)

A period in geology is a main subunit of an era.

Thus the Mesozoic era is divided into three periods: the Triassic, the Jurassic and the Cretaceous. These periods are then further subdivided into epochs.

Bismuth(III) chloride

Bismuth(III) chloride, also known as bismuth trichloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiCl. It has bismuth and chloride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) chloride is a pale yellow solid. It reacts with water to make bismuth oxychloride and hydrochloric acid. It dissolves in acids like hydrochloric acid. It reacts with reducing agents to make bismuth metal.

It is made by reacting bismuth with chlorine. It can also be made by dissolving bismuth(III) oxide in hydrochloric acid. Bismuth can be dissolved in nitric acid to make bismuth(III) nitrate, which reacts with sodium chloride to make bismuth(III) chloride.

It is used as a catalyst in organic chemistry. It is a good source of bismuth and is used to make other bismuth compounds.

Bismuth(III) chloride can cause burns on skin because it makes hydrochloric acid when it reacts with water. It irritates the gastrointestinal tract.


Incheon

Incheon (officially, Incheon Metropolitan City) is a major port city in South Korea and famous for Incheon International Airport.

Incheon is 28 km from the nation’s capital, Seoul. It is at 126° 37´ east longitude and 37° 28´ north latitude, the same latitude as San Francisco, Washington, Madrid, and Teheran. Incheon is the third largest city in South Korea, after Seoul and Busan and 2.6 million people live in Incheon (2009).

There are ten administrative districts in Incheon and it is divided into 8 wards ("gu") and 2 counties ("gun").

Incheon Subway and Seoul Metropolitan Subway is linked (line number 1) and it takes approximately an hour from Incheon subway station to Seoul Station. 

The history of Incheon started from the Goguryeo Kingdom in 475 AD, under the reign of King Jangsu. Its original name was Michuhol and it changed several times and renamed to Incheon-gun in the 13th year of King Taejong’s reign during Joseon period. In 1949, after Korea`s 1945 liberation, Incheon City reorganized. It was finally renamed to Incheon Metropolitan City in 1995. 

During the Korean War, there was the battle of Incheon led by an American general of UN Douglas MacArthur and the battle resulted in a decisive victory. It was also a strategic reversal in favor of the United Nations(UN). In a show of gratitude to the American soldier, Koreans in the late 1950s erected the bronze statue of MacArthur in a central park at Incheon that overlooks the sea area through which his troops came ashore.

Incheon is famous for 17th Asian Games,Incheon International Airport, Incheon Port, Songdo International City, Incheon Subway, and Munhak Worldcup Stadium are five major cites of Incheon.

Ganghwa-county (Ganghwa Island) is famous for dolmens registered as one of the World Heritages by UNESCO.
Hwamunseok mats are Incheon's famous local products, a figured mat. The beauty of these hand-woven mats has made them one of the most famous specialty products of Ganghwa-gun, and one of the most beloved traditional Korean crafts.

Wolmido was once a military base of Japanese Army during the Japanese colonial period and a outpost of the battle of Incheon. Nowadays, Wolmido is one of the most famous tourist spots near the Metropolitan area. Along the 1 km-long Wolmido Street of Culture, there are lots of beautiful cafes and restaurants. Wolmido is also famous for street performers, portrait artists and Wolmi Festival.

To become an international economic hub and a center of business and service industry of Asia, Incheon is developing free economic zone in the three regions of Songdo, Cheongra, and the island of Yeongjong. Incheon's Free Economic Zone, the first in Korea, was officially designated by the Korean government in August 2003 and it is planing to 2020.


Bismuth fluoride

Bismuth fluoride can mean either of these chemical compounds:


Bismuth(III) oxychloride

Bismuth(III) oxychloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiOCl. It has bismuth, oxide, and chloride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) oxychloride is a whitish solid. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It is somewhat shiny. It does not dissolve in water. It makes a very complicated molecule when it is heated.

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) chloride with water.

It is used in cosmetics as a pearlescent coating. 


Don Poile

Donald Bruce Poile (June 1, 1932 - February 23, 2024 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 66 games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Red Wings. In addition to his time in the NHL, Poile had a successful minor league career with the Edmonton Flyers of the Western Hockey League. His brother Bud Poile is in the Hall of Famer.

Poile died on February 23, 2024.

Red Spooner

Andrew George 'Red' Spooner (August 24, 1910 — May 7, 1984) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929–30 NHL season.


Gaye Stewart

James Gaye Stewart (June 28, 1923 – November 18, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He played nine seasons as a left winger in the National Hockey League.

Born in Fort William, Ontario, Stewart was promoted from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals, where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the championship. The next season, Stewart won the 1943 Calder Trophy, beating out Maurice 'The Rocket' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens. He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder. Danny Grant, Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished it as well since then.

After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II, Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season, leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in scoring. Stewart won his second Stanley Cup, again with the Maple Leafs, in 1947. Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs, and he had three 20-goal seasons for the Black Hawks before finishing his career with stints in Detroit, New York and Montreal. In all, Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL's Original Six teams, all except the Boston Bruins. He played 502 career NHL games, scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points. Stewart died on November 18, 2010, in a hospital in Burlington, Ontario, at the age of 87.


Egyptian Museum of Berlin

The Egyptian Museum of Berlin () is home to one of the world's most important collections of Ancient Egyptian artifacts. 
The collection is part of the Neues Museum.

Bismuth(III) sulfide

Bismuth(III) sulfide, also known as bismuth sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiS. It has bismuth and sulfide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) sulfide is a brown solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with a bismuth compound like bismuth(III) chloride.

It is found as the mineral bismuthinite. Bismuthinite is lead-gray to tin-white, with an iridescent tarnish. It is an important ore of bismuth. It has a metallic color. It was first found in Bolivia. Its specific gravity is around 6.8.


Ephedra sinica

Ephedra sinica, known in Chinese as ma huang (), is a plant used in traditional Chinese medicine. Hay fever and congestion are treated using this plant. Chemicals that come from this plant, mimic other chemicals inside the sympathetic nervous system, similar to amphetamine. They are often used for weight loss, but the U.S. FDA banned its use as a dietary supplement on April 2004.

Bismuthate

Bismuthate is an ion. Its chemical formula is BiO. It has bismuth in its +5 oxidation state. It is a very strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with hot water to make bismuth(III) oxide and oxygen. It also reacts with acids. Sodium bismuthate is the most common bismuthate. It is one of the few sodium compounds that does not dissolve in water.


Metric time

Metric time is a way of measuring how long a period of time is using the metric system. The metric system uses the second as a main unit of time. There are periods of time that are based on the second but shorter. They are named with metric prefixes. Some of these are kiloseconds and milliseconds. Other units of time, like the minute, hour, and day, are accepted for use with the modern metric system, but are not part of it.

The metric system was first used in France in 1795. It had units for length, area, dry volume, liquid capacity, weight or mass, and even amounts of money, but not for time. Decimal time of day had been first used in France two years earlier, but was set aside at the same time the metric system was started and did not follow the metric pattern of a base unit and prefixed units. James Clerk Maxwell and Elihu Thomson (through the British Association for the Advancement of Science - BAAS) came up with the Centimetre gram second system of units (cgs) in 1874.
The ephemeris second (1/86400 of a mean solar day) was made one of the original base units of the modern metric system, or International System of Units (SI), at the 10th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) in 1954. The SI second was later made even more exact. It was made into the time of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation from the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 atom.

People have had ideas for other base units of metric time (other than the second). On March 28, 1794, Joseph Louis Lagrange, the president of the commission which developed the metric system, wrote a report to the commission. His report suggested the names "déci-jour" and "centi-jour" (deciday and centiday in English). Base units that are decimal divisions of the day, such as 1/10, 1/100, 1/1000, or 1/100,000 day, or other divisions of the day, such as 1/20 or 1/40 day, have also been suggested, with names such as tick, meck, chi, chron, moment, etc. These other units have not caught on with people, however.

In computing, metric time became widely used because it is easy to use with computers. Unix time gives date and time as the number of seconds since January 1, 1970, and Microsoft's FILETIME as multiples of 100ns since January 1, 1601. VAX/VMS uses the number of 100ns since November 17, 1858, and RISC OS the number of centiseconds since January 1, 1900. (Each of these is not exactly linear, as there are some interruptions with leap seconds.)

The main problem with metric time is in the units. The International System of Units has only come up with prefixes for 10 units exponentially in both the multiple and submultiple directions. The first three multiples would be viable for use within a metric time system; they are 10 (decasecond = 10 seconds), 10 (hectosecond = 100 seconds; 1.666 minutes) and 10 (kilosecond = 1 000 seconds; 16.666 minutes) respectively. However, the fourth value in the SI Units is 10 (megasecond = 1 000 000 seconds; 16 666.666 minutes; 277.777 hours; 11.574 days). Followed by 10 (gigasecond = 1 000 000 000 seconds; 16 666 666.666 minutes; 277 777.777 hours; 11 574.074 days; 31.689 years); a relatively nonviable unit with which to measure human time/life. To make this system of prefixes work for metric time, standard units and prefixes would have to be made for the 4th and 5th exponents to make metric time work for talking about the time of human life. These would be:
10 seconds (10 000 seconds; 166.6 minutes; 2.777 hours)
10 seconds (100 000 seconds; 1 666.6 minutes; 27.77 hours; 1.157 days)


Sodium bismuthate

Sodium bismuthate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaBiO. It has sodium and bismuthate ions in it.

Sodium bismuthate is a light brown solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is one of the only sodium compounds that do not dissolve in water. It reacts with hot water to make sodium hydroxide, bismuth(III) oxide, and oxygen gas. It reacts with acids to make bismuth(III) salts, sodium salts, and oxygen gas. It is a strong oxidizing agent.

It is made by reacting a basic solution of bismuth(III) oxide and sodium hydroxide with a strong oxidizing agent.

Sodium bismuthate is used in a test for manganese.


Kim Won-bong

Kim Won-bong (, 1898 – 1958) was a Korean independence activist, and politician. His nickname was 'Yaksan' ().

1940 Provisional interim parliament of Republic of Korea, February 1944, Provisional Government of Republic of Korea Defence Minister.


Joe Szura

Joseph Boleslaw Szura (December 18, 1938 – October 13, 2006) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 90 games in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals and 115 games in the World Hockey Association for the Los Angeles Sharks and Houston Aeros. Szura was born in Fort William, Ontario.


Billy Bell

William Edward Bell (June 10, 1891 – June 3, 1952) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played four seasons in the National Hockey Association and six in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Wanderers, Montreal Canadiens and Ottawa Senators. He won the Stanley Cup in 1924 with the Canadiens.

Chondrostei

The Chondrostei are a sub-class of ray-finned fish, the Actinopterygii. They include the sturgeons, huge fish which provide caviar.

The Chondrostei are mainly cartilaginous fish with some ossification. There are 52 species divided among two orders. The orders are the Acipenseriformes (sturgeons and paddlefishes), and the Polypteriformes (reedfishes and bichirs). 

This group has at times been classified with the sharks: the similarities are obvious, not only do the chondrosteans mostly lack bone, the structure of the jaw is more akin to that of sharks than other bony fish. Both lack scales (except the Polypteriforms). Additional shared features include spiracles and, in sturgeons, a heterocercal tail (the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin). However the fossil record suggests that these fish have more in common with the Teleostei than their external appearance might suggest.

It is thought that the ancestors of the chondrosteans were bony fish but that this characteristic was lost in later evolutionary development, resulting in a lightening of the frame. Elderly chondrosteans show beginnings of ossification of the skeleton which suggests that this process is delayed rather than lost in these fish.

In the early Mesozoic, a number of fish families were beginning to develop adaptations which would make them lighter, faster and more efficient predators. Chondrosteans took a radical approach. Cartilage is lighter than bone, and they delayed the development of bone, so that it only developed in elderly fish. They lost the upper jaw bones completely. Other changes allowed them to shoot the jaw forwards to grab prey.

Why did Chondrosteans react with such total reorganization? Obviously selection pressure must have been very strong. However, in one way they were almost unique. Rarely amongst animals, they underwent polyploidy, several times. Instead of two sets of chromosomes (diploid), the Chondrosteans have 8 or 16 sets of chromosomes. Such a dramatic genetic change may have given the potential for a rapid, drastic reorganization of the body plan.

The Chondrostei are paraphyletic. The group does not contain all of its descendants. Therefore, it is going to be reorganized.

Don Meredith

"Dandy Don" Meredith (April 10, 1938 - December 6, 2010) was an American football player. He was born in Mount Vernon, Texas (about 100 miles east of Dallas. He died in Santa Fe, New Mexico from a brain hemorrhage. He was 72 years old. Meredith was a quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys from 1960 to 1968. In 1970 he became a television broadcaster when he joined the Monday Night Football crew.

Meredith studied at Southern Methodist University (SMU). He played quarterback for SMU for three years. He was selected as an All-America in 1958 and 1959. In 1960, he was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round. He was then traded to the Dallas Cowboys for future draft picks. In 1960, the Cowboys were a newly formed "expansion" team.

Meredith played quarterback for the Cowboys from 1960 to 1968. In 1965, he became the starting quarterback. In 1966, he led the Cowboys to their first winning season, with a record of ten wins, three losses, and one tie. He threw a career-high 2,805 yards and 24 touchdown passes. He was named NFL Player of the Year and selected to the Pro Bowl. He led the Cowboys to three division titles. He played in the 1966 and 1967 NFL Championship games.

"Dandy Don" announced his retirement in 1969, the same day that Roger Staubach was released from the Navy. Staubach then replaced Meredith as the quarterback. Meredith was 31 years old and in the prime of his career.

Meredith was inducted to Cowboys "Ring of Honor" in 1976. He and Don Perkins were the second and third players added to the ring.

Don Meredith was one of the first athletes to move into television broadcasting as a color commentator. He joined Keith Jackson and Howard Cosell at Monday Night Football (MNF) in 1970. In 1973, he left MNF to join NBC for three years. In 1977, he returned to MNF until his retirement in 1984. He also appeared in a number of TV shows and movies, including "Police Story" and commercials for Lipton Ice Tea.

Ron Talakoski

Ronald Paul Isaac Talakoski (June 1, 1962 – July 6, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played nine games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers between 1986 and 1988.

Talakoski spent four years at the University of Manitoba. In October, 1986 he signed as a free agent with the New York Rangers and played three games for the club that season. The rest of his rookie year was spent in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the International Hockey League (IHL). In 1987-88 he played a six games for the Rangers then scored 24 goals for the IHL's Colorado Rangers before retiring. Talakoski also served as a firefighter in Thunder Bay, Ontario for 18 years. Talakoski was found dead by Thunder Bay Fire and Rescue Services after a short search near Pier 3 in Thunder Bay, after having been reported missing from his residence. He is reported to have suffered from Shy-Drager syndrome.

Lifeboat (shipboard)

A lifeboat, also known as a liferaft, is a small, stiff or inflatable boat carried for emergencies in the event of a disaster on a ship. Lifeboats are required by law to be on larger ships.

When steamships became commonplace in the 19th century, so did lifeboats. At the beginning of the 20th century larger ships meant that more people could travel, but rules about lifeboats were often overlooked. After the RMS Titanic sank on April 15, 1912, people realized that bigger ships need more lifeboats. The Titanic's lifeboats were only capable of carrying 1,178 people although the Titanic had 3,330 people.

Because many lifeboats were needed on the decks of passenger ships this led to the use of most of the deck space being used for lifeboats which created the problem of narrow passageways. This was fixed by using inflatable boats.

Human overpopulation

Overpopulation means that the population of a place is too high. Specifically, there are too many organisms of a certain species in a habitat, so the number of organisms living there is larger than the carrying capacity of the habitat. The habitat cannot support these numbers over time without hurting itself.

The term "overpopulation" is most often used to refer to the number of humans living on Earth.

The world's population has greatly increased in the last 50 years. The main reason is the reduction in death rate, especially for infants and children. The result is that many more people survive to the age when reproduction is possible.

The recent rapid increase in human population over the past two centuries has raised concerns that humans are beginning to overpopulate the Earth. The planet may not be able to sustain larger numbers of people. The population has been growing since the end of the Black Death, around the year 1400. At the beginning of the 19th century, it had reached roughly 1,000,000,000 (one billion). Rapid population growth occurred all over the world, especially after World War II. By 1960, the world population had reached 3 billion, and it doubled to 6 billion over the next four decades. As of 2011, the estimated annual growth rate was 1.10%, down from a peak of 2.2% in 1963, and the world population stood at roughly 6.9 billion. In 2014, it is over seven billion. 

Current projections show a steady decline in the population growth rate, with the population expected to reach between 8 and 10.5 billion between the year 2040 and 2050.

What were forests have often been turned into farmland. In so doing many species of animals and plants are wiped out, and the CO levels in the atmosphere goes up. This is a direct consequence of human population increase.

The solutions usually suggested are better education and widespread free contraception (birth control). Many pregnancies are unplanned (40%) or unwanted. 

There are powerful forces working against birth control. Religious and traditional beliefs often favor large families. Few governments have tackled the problem seriously.

Others have proposed that since human population size and carrying capacity depends on the amount of food available, like other species, a good method would be to control food production and produce food only for how much is needed rather than more than needed in order to stop birthrates. 

For example, Peter Farb, an anthropologist, ecologist and naturalist stated "Intensification of production to feed an increased population leads to a still greater increase in population."




Bismuth(III) iodide

Bismuth(III) iodide, also known as bismuth triiodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiI. It has bismuth and iodide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) iodide is a dark gray solid. It is sometimes pale yellow, though. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with other iodides to make iodobismuth(III) ions, BiI.

It is made by reacting bismuth powder with iodine. It is also made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydroiodic acid. It can also be made by reacting bismuth(III) chloride with any iodide such as potassium iodide.

It was used in a test for bismuth ions. Bismuth ions form a dark gray precipitate when reacted with potassium iodide because bismuth(III) iodide was made.


Bismuth(III) oxide

Bismuth(III) oxide, also known as bismite and bismuth trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiO. It has bismuth and oxide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) oxide is a pale yellow solid. It does not dissolve in water. It dissolves in acids to make other bismuth(III) salts. When it is electrolyzed, it makes a bright red solid, bismuth(V) oxide. It has several different crystal structures that have been studied. It reacts with rare earth metal oxides and the products are being studied.

Bismite is the mineral form of bismuth(III) oxide. It is an ore of bismuth. Its Mohs hardness is 4.5 to 5 and its specific gravity is quite high, around 8 or 9. It is made when bismuthinite is oxidized. It was first found in Nevada in 1868.

It can be made by reacting sodium hydroxide with a bismuth(III) salt such as bismuth(III) chloride. It can also be made by igniting powdered bismuth metal. Another way of making it is to react bismuth nitrate (made by dissolving bismuth in nitric acid) with concentrated sodium hydroxide.

Bismuth(III) oxide is used in pyrotechnics to make fireworks that burn with an effect called "dragon's eggs". Lead(II,IV) oxide was used for this in the past, but now is considered too toxic to use. It is also used in research and the making of other bismuth compounds.


Pharmacoepidemiology

Pharmacoepidemiology studies the use and effects of drugs on large groups of people. It assesses good and bad effects, and risks for humans while using a particular drug. 

Pharmacoepidemiology bridges pharmacology and epidemiology and borrows methodology from both of them. It uses descriptive epidemiological method by describing exposure to a drug and by calculating rates, e.g., incidence and prevalence. This produces a hypothesis about the drug, but does not test it. Pharmacoepidemiology also uses analytic epidemiological method by means of observation (case-control and cohort studies) and clinical trials. The analytic study compares an exposed group with a control group and tests the hypothesis. 

Pharmacoepidemiology provides pharmacovigilance. That is continual monitoring of unwanted effects and other safety-related aspects of drugs. Pharmacovigilance is conducted by reporting systems through health care professionals who report adverse drug reactions to the central agency. The central agency combines reports from many sources to produce a more informative profile for drug products.

Tufa

Tufa is a porous variety of limestone. It is formed by the precipitation of carbonate minerals from water at normal temperatures.

Geothermally heated hot springs sometimes produce similar (but less porous) carbonate deposits known as travertine.

Do not confuse with the rock made of volcanic ash, which is called tuff.

Renault Espace

The Renault Espace is an MPV produced by Renault since 1984. It is available with up to seven seats and with 4- and 6-cylinder petrol and diesel engines. The Espace was Europes first MPV and debuted shortly after the Dodge Caravan in the US. The first generation was made from 1984 to 1991. The second generation was made between 1991 and 1996. The third generation was made from 1996 to 2002 and was the first to offer a bigger version called the Grand Espace. The fourth generation was the longest running model sold between 2002 and 2014 and received facelifts in 2006 and 2012. It is currently in its fifth generation launched in early 2015 but this version is not sold in the UK with right-hand drive. In 2023, Espace VI, a 7-seater Austral is due to take over.

Grey's Anatomy

Grey's Anatomy is an American television series. It is a story about surgeons at the fictional Seattle Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital (previously Seattle Grace-Mercy West Hospital and Seattle Grace Hospital). The show was created by Shonda Rhimes. It has been on ABC (American Broadcasting Company) since March 2005.

This successful television series is about surgeons in a hospital in Seattle. They do surgeries on patients with different health issues which are hard to solve. Even with their busy lives, the doctors become good friends and sometimes even fall in love with each other.

The American show was created by Shonda Rhimes. It was mostly filmed in Los Angeles, California and has been shown on ABC since March 27, 2005.

The series has had much success with 19 seasons and 421 episodes. A new twentieth season started showing on March 14, 2024. The TV show won a Golden Globe Award in 2007 for the best dramatic TV series, and it also has been awarded two nominations at the Emmy Awards for the same reason. This dramatic medical comedy has been produced in many languages and countries, like Belgium, France, and Switzerland.

"Grey’s Anatomy" got its name from a textbook by Henry Gray, written in 1858, which reached its 40th edition in 2008. The title of the text is "Anatomy of the Human Body". It has many surgical applications and is a medicinal classic of the human anatomy.


Ian Curtis

Ian Kevin Curtis (15 July 1956 – 18 May 1980) was the singer of the post-punk band Joy Division. He was born in Stretford, Lancashire and grew up in Macclesfield, Cheshire. He suffered with epilepsy and committed suicide by hanging in Macclesfield in May 1980, aged 23, after the illness became severe. After this, Joy Division broke up. In 2007, a film about Curtis' life, named "Control", was released. It made $8,159,508 and won five British Independent Film Awards.

Carrying capacity

In ecology, the carrying capacity of an environment is the number of organisms of a particular species that can live there depending on the amount of resources it has. If too many organisms live in an environment, it is called overpopulation.

The carrying capacity of an environment can change, and humans can have an effect on the carrying capacity. For example, agriculture and irrigation allow feeding more people; meaning the human carrying capacity is increased.

Some things that can change an environment's carrying capacity are pollution and the use of natural resources.

Gordon Freeman

Gordon Freeman is the main hero of the "Half-Life" video game series. He is a theoretical physicist from MIT. During the series, Gordon must win in hard situations, often without backup. To try to make the game more believable, the character never speaks, and there are no cut scenes, all action is seen as if the player was Gordon, with the player being in control of Gordon's actions at nearly all times. 

The character is seen first as a theoretical physicist working at Black Mesa Research Facility and working in an experiment which accidentally opens an portal, releasing confused, harmful aliens into Black Mesa. In the first "Half-Life", Gordon Freeman fights through the facility with other workers, fighting the aliens as well as a military unit sent in to stop the incident and silence any surviving witnesses. In the second game, "Half-Life 2", Gordon is introduced to a military world years after the Black Mesa incident, along with a force known as the Combine that took over the world.

Joe Tallari

Joe Tallari (born October 5, 1980 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.

In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team's senior captain. Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack, the farm team for the New York Rangers. He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL, where he again topped the 50 point mark.

Over the following three seasons, Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL, spending time with the Cleveland Barons, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers (on two occasions) and the Las Vegas Wranglers. He then moved to Europe, signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand. Tallari finished the season as the EIHL's second highest goal scorer, with 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games. This performance won Tallari the 'Best Newcomer' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team.

In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria in order to try and qualify for the Italian national team. On 07 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm.


Defenestration

Defenestration is the action of throwing something, especially a person, out of a window. The word comes from the Latin "de-" (down or away from) and "fenestra" (window or opening).

The word comes from two events in history that took place in Prague. In 1419, seven town officials were thrown from the town hall, which started the Hussite War. In 1618, two Imperial governors and their secretary were thrown from Prague Castle, which started the Thirty Years War. Both events, particularly the one in 1618, were called the Defenestration of Prague and gave rise to the word and to the idea.


Aquificae

The phylum Aquificae is a diverse collection of bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings. They have been found in hot springs, sulfur pools, and thermal ocean vents. Members of the genus Aquifex, for example, are productive in water between 85 and 95 °C. They are the dominant members of most terrestrial neutral to alkaline hot springs above 60 degrees Celsius. They are autotrophs and are the primary carbon fixers in these environments. They are true bacteria (domain bacteria) as opposed to the other inhabitants of extreme environments, the Archaea. They are gram negative.

Chloroflexi

Chloroflexi is one of four classes of bacteria that produce energy from light and are named for their green pigment, usually found in photosynthetic bodies. 

Chloroflexi are typically filamentous (they look like microscopic strings), and can move about through bacterial gliding. They are facultatively aerobic (they can survive with oxygen or without it), but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light, or phototrophy. Additionally Chloroflexi have a different method of phototrophy (photoheterotrophy) than true photosynthetic bacteria. Phylogenetic analysis (looking at DNA) indicates that they had a separate origin.

AKB48

AKB48 is a Japanese idol group produced by Yasushi Akimoto. He searched Akihabara to find members who are innovative, because the area has been energetic recently. They are very popular in Japan. The "AKB" name comes from Akihabara (), which is their home ground. 

On 2012-10-31, AKB48 sold over 20,000,000 records in Japan and became the best selling female group in J-POP history. 
The group debuted in January 2009. There are 47 members in total. They have their very own theater called the "AKB48 theater" () in Akihabara, and they perform there everyday. AKB48's theater is located on the 8th floor of the shopping mall "Don Quixote Akihabara" (). The reason for this is because Akimoto wanted to change the idea of idols. Idols usually are presented in an unrealistic way in the media, so Akimoto's idea was to show idols as real people whom fans could interact with. 

The group became popular for its concept of "Idols you can meet every day". Since they perform every day in the theater, in the days when they were less known their fans could visit every day and meet their favorite members afterwards. But now, AKB48 has so many fans that it is not possible to go to the theater every day. Instead, their fans must enter a lottery to win a ticket for the popular theater shows. 

They also hold "handshake events". Fans who buy a CD single of the group can get a ticket to the handshake event, and get the chance to meet a member and shake her hand for ten seconds. 

Also, there are sister groups such as SKE48, SDN48, NMB48, HKT48, JKT48, SNH48, TPE48 and MNL48. "SKE" name is derived from Sakae (),"NMB" is from Namba (), "HKT" is from Hakata (), "JKT" is from Jakarta, "SNH" is from Shanghai (), "TPE" is from Taipei () and "MNL" is from Manila. Also, the name "SDN" is derived from "Saturday Night". SDN48 consisted of members aged 20 or over. It had a more sexy, adult image, but it eventually split up.

"AKB" is a short form for Akihabara. During the first phase of this project, the name "Akihabara 48" was decided. It is popularly thought that the number 48 means the number of members, but instead it refers to the name of the group's President's office; "office48". The office is located in Chiba Prefecture, and in Japanese pronunciation, "Chiba" and "48" sound similar.

Because there are so many AKB48 members, they don't perform all at the same time. Instead, AKB48 consists of 5 teams called "Team A", "Team K", "Team B", "Team 4", and "Team 8". Most of the group's members are in one of these teams. Each team holds individual performances at the AKB theatre. These performances are a unique set list of around 15 to 20 songs, known as "stages". Each team has more than 20 members. For members who do not have enough experience to join a team, they are part of a group of "research students". The research students can take the place of a team member during performances if she is sick or unable to perform. When they are thought to have enough experience, they can join a team. 

Due to the large number of members, only a few members are picked by their producer when making media appearances. The members picked are called "senbatsu members", because "senbatsu" is a Japanese word meaning "selection". Senbatsu members have "earned" the privilege of representing the group during media appearances, and are chosen in different ways. The most famous is the election. 

There are four big elections to decide who sings new songs. You can get tickets to vote in the election when you buy specific CDs or related goods by AKB48. The member who ranks at number one in the election will become the "center" of their new song. This means they will stand in the front and center for the dance, and they will get a starring role in the song's music video.

The first election of AKB48 happened from June 23th to July 7th 2009. The results were announced at a concert venue called Akasaka BLITZ ( BLITZ). The top 21 in this election got the right to sing in their 13th single CD "Iiwake Maybe". Atsuko Maeda was ranked number 1 "center".

The second election of AKB48 happened from May 25th to June 8th 2010, and results were announced at JCB Hall (JCB). The top 21 in this election got the right to sing in the 17th single CD "Heavy Rotation". The top 12 were called "Media Senbatsu". They were chosen to promote new information on media such as TV and radio. Yuko Oshima was ranked number 1 "center".

The third election of AKB48 happened from May 24th to June 8th 2011. Results were announced at Nihon Budoukan (). Top 21 in this election got the right to sing in the 22th single CD "Flying Get". Atsuko Maeda was ranked number 1 "center".

The fourth election of AKB48, from May 22th to June 5th 2012. Results announced at Nihon Budoukan (). Top 16 in this election got the right to sing in their 27th single CD "Gingham Check". Yuko Oshima was ranked number 1 "center".

The fifth election of AKB48 took place from May 21st to June 7th 2013, with results announced at Nissan Stadium (). Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 32th single CD "Koi Suru Fortune Cookie". Rino Sashihara was ranked number 1 "center".

The sixth election of AKB48 took place from May 20st to June 6th 2014, with results announced at Ajinomoto Stadium (味の素スタジアム). Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 37th single CD "Kokoro no Placard". Mayu Watanabe was ranked number 1 "center".

AKB48 Seventh Election

The seventh election of AKB48 took place from May 19th to June 5th 2015, with results announced at Fukuoka Yahoo Auction Dome . Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 41st single CD "Halloween Night". Rino Sashihara was ranked number 1 "center".



The following table lists some of the major awards received by the group.

Perfume (Japanese band)

Since 2003, Perfume has been produced by Yasutaka Nakata, founder of the group Capsule and the Contemode label. The group's original sound changed to electronic, dance and pop music taking on Auto-Tune and electro house when they joined major label.

Yuka Kashino (Kashiyuka)

Birth: 1988.12.23

Hobbies and favorite things: 
Ice cream, hair care, sparkling jewelry, photography, memorizing lines of commercials.

Ayano Omoto (Nocchi)

Birth: 1988.9.20

Hobbies: Sleeping, watching TV and movies, reading books, making Misanga, aroma, photography, shopping

Special skills: Working hard and detailed, puzzles.

Ayaka Nishiwaki (A-chan)

Birth: 1989.2.15

Hobbies and favorite things: Flower pattern design, lace, sparkling things, mascara, pink pajamas

Special skills: Health and fitness enthusiast.

Perfume formed in 2000. In 2003 in Tokyo, they met someone who would become a crucial to their success - Capsule's Yasutaka Nakata, who is the main producer for them.
They released Linear Motor girl, which managed to chart on the oricon chart on September 21, 2005. They released two other singles, "Computer City" and "Electro World" in 2006. In 2008, they released "Polyrhythm", which Perfume is famous for. It reached #7 on oricon chart. In 2011 Perfume switched labels, and their single <nowiki>"</nowiki>Spring of Life<nowiki>"</nowiki> was their first under Universal Music Japan.

These are some of Perfume's singles.

Indie Singles


Major Singles


Thermoregulation

Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to control its body temperature within certain limits, even when the surrounding temperature is different. This is an aspect of homeostasis: the keeping of a constant internal environment.

So-called warm-blooded animals control the temperature of their body at quite a high level. This ability is called endothermy. All mammals and birds are endotherms (homeotherms or homoiotherms). The basic source of the heat is chemical energy from the body's metabolism. They have a number of temperature-control devices:


In the colder climates many mammals hibernate or aestivate. This means they have a two-level metabolism. Their temperature is held at a high level when they are active, and at a lower level when they are hibernating. This has the advantage of saving energy during times when they cannot get enough food to keep up the higher temperature.

The human body has automatic responses to help regulate temperature. When the external environment heats up, arterioles leading to the capillary loops in the dermis dilate (widen). This increases blood flow to the surface of the skin where its heat can more easily radiate away. This process is called vasodilation. Sweat glands also produce greater amounts of sweat. This liquid is secreted onto the surface of the skin. Sweat needs energy to turn from a liquid into a gas and evaporate. This energy is called the latent heat of vaporisation. The body supplies this heat and so it cools down as the sweat evaporates.

If the body is unable to maintain a normal temperature and it increases significantly above normal, a condition known as hyperthermia occurs. This occurs when the body is exposed to temperatures of approximately 55 °C; any exposure longer than a few hours at this temperature or up to around 70 °C kills. The opposite condition, when body temperature decreases below normal levels, is known as hypothermia.

Palaeontologists are fairly certain that some fossil groups were endotherms. Obvious examples are pterosaurs, whose bodies were covered by hair (or hair-like filaments), and the smaller carnivorous dinosaurs which evolved feathers ("dinobirds"). It is thought that feathers originally functioned to keep body temperature higher. They appear on bird-like dinosaurs before there were any flying birds ("Anchiornis huxlei"), and they appear on dinosaurs which are too heavy to fly at all.

Heterothermy is a term for animals that have features of both ectothermy and endothermy. They can switch between strategies.

The fundamental idea is that smaller endothermic animals have, relative to their mass, a larger body surface. "Heat loss takes place from the surface, and in order to keep warm, an animal must produce heat at a rate equal to its loss".

Animals 'make' heat by the metabolism inside their bodies, but lose heat through their surface (mostly their skin). Now, their bodies are three-dimensional, whereas their surface is two-dimensional. So, if an animal of length X doubles its length, then its surface area increases by about X, but its body mass increases by about X. Example:

Thus larger animals are much more "energy efficient" than smaller animals. Large animals lose heat "relatively" slower than small animals because their surface area is smaller "in proportion".

Small warm-blooded animals have three main tactics for overcoming this problem of heat loss. First, they have a higher metabolic rate than large animals. This is universal in birds and mammals: only the details differ. A higher metabolic rate affects the whole of their lives, and is the main reason why they have shorter lives than large animals. The smallest mammals (shrews) and the smallest hummingbirds are about the same size and weight. They have fast heartbeats, up to 1,200 per minute, and they use up more calories per gram than any other endotherms. The rate of oxygen use is similarly high. As a result of the metabolism running at such a high rate, they do produce more heat per gram than any other living things.

Second, many allow their temperature to drop at night. Many hummingbirds go into a trance-like torpor at night. 

In that state, they are less aware and less able to take flight, so there is a greater risk of predators. However, when they are asleep they cannot feed, and at their normal rate of metabolism they need sugar regularly. The torpor is their way of saving energy which they cannot replace until the next day.

Thirdly, almost all endotherms are insulated to reduce heat loss. Obviously that is true of birds (which have feathers) and land mammals (which have fur). Marine mammals have thick layers of fat under their skin, which is better insulation than wet fur. The exceptions are some very large mammals such as elephants, which have almost no fur. Their problem is how to get rid of heat, and that is a problem for all really large land animals. The African elephant's solution is to have large ears, which are well supplied with blood vessels, and to wallow in water if that is available. It is very likely that the same problem affected large dinosaurs. After all, the largest titanosaurs were far larger than any land animal alive today.

Ectotherms are what is often called "cold-blooded". To function properly they need some heat, and usually this is heat from their surroundings. Many need heat in order to digest their food.

Many supposedly cold-blooded animals do things to keep their temperature higher than the surrounding air or water. Fast-moving fish, like tunny, and some sharks, keep their temperature above the level of the surrounding water. Reptiles such as lizards and snakes sit in the sun when they are cold and in the shade when they are hot. Some insects control their temperature, especially colonial insects. Termite mounds have 'air conditioning': their system of openings and galleries allows currents of air to flow through the mound. Honey bees fan their wings to cool their colony. However, many smaller invertebrates do not control their body temperature at all.

An animal whose internal temperature varies considerably. is a poikilotherm (noun), "poikilothermic" (adjective). The term is preferred to cold-blooded by some scientists.


Auto-Tune

Auto-Tune is a proprietary audio processor made by Antares Audio Technologies. Auto-Tune uses a ph vocoder to fix pitch in vocal and instrumental performances. It is used to hide out of tune singing and mistakes. It lets singers perform perfectly tuned vocal tracks without needing to sing in tune. Its main purpose is to slightly bend sung pitches to the nearest true semitone. Auto-Tune can also be used as an effect to distort the human voice when pitch is raised/lowered a lot.

Auto-Tune can be used as a plug-in for professional audio multi-tracking suites used in a studio setting, and as a stand-alone, rack-mounted unit for live performance processing. Auto-Tune has become standard equipment in professional recording studios.

Auto-Tune was first created by Andy Hildebrand, an engineer working for Exxon. Hildebrand developed methods for interpreting seismic data, and then realized that the technology could be used to detect, analyze, and modify pitch.

Auto-Tune was used for vocal effects on Cher's "Believe", recorded in 1998. This was the first major hit song to use the software for this purpose. At first the sound engineers claimed that they had used a vocoder, in what "Sound on Sound" said was an attempt to keep a trade secret. After the massive success of "Believe", many artists copied the technique, which became known as the "Cher Effect". It can be heard in songs of the late 1990s and early 2000s. Some notable examples are Gigi D'Agostino's "La Passion" and Janet Jackson's US Number 1 hit "All For You". Auto-Tune became famous again in the mid-2000s when R&B singer T-Pain made active use of it in his songs. This technique has been copied by many other modern R&B and pop artists, including Usher, Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Justin Bieber. T-Pain has even had an iPhone App named after him that copies the effect called "I Am T-Pain".

The "Boston Herald" revealed that country music stars Faith Hill and Tim McGraw have both said they are using Auto-Tune in performance. They said it is a safety net that guarantees a good performance. Sara Evans, John Michael Montgomery and Gary LeVox of the group Rascal Flatts also use Auto-Tune to fix pitch problems. However, other country music singers, such as Loretta Lynn, Allison Moorer, Trisha Yearwood, Vince Gill, Garth Brooks, Martina McBride, and Patty Loveless, have refused to use Auto-Tune.

YouTube musical group The Gregory Brothers have joined their original music tracks with Auto-Tuned versions of mundane evening news video clips, making fun of everyone from President Barack Obama to Antoine Dodson. The popularity of their YouTube channel led the Gregory Brothers to release many of their songs on iTunes.

In 2002, the CD "Miss Fortune" by singer-songwriter Allison Moorer was released with a sticker stating that "Absolutely no vocal tuning or pitch correction was used in the making of this record". At the 51st Grammy Awards in early 2009, the band Death Cab for Cutie wore blue ribbons to protest the use of Auto-Tune in the music industry. Later that spring, Jay-Z named the lead single of his album "The Blueprint 3" as "D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune)". Jay-Z said that far too many people had jumped on the Auto-Tune bandwagon and that the trend had become a gimmick. Christina Aguilera appeared in public in Los Angeles on August 10, 2009 wearing a T-shirt that read, "Auto Tune is for Pussies". However, when interviewed by Sirius/XM, she said that Auto-Tune wasn't bad if used "..in a creative way". She said her album "Bionic" uses the technology and highlighted "Elastic Love" being a product of it.

Opponents of the plug-in argue Auto-Tune people will not treat musicians with respect in they need help to stay in tune. A "Chicago Tribune" report from 2003 states that "many successful mainstream artists in most genres of music—perhaps a majority of artists—are using pitch correction".

In 2004, "The Daily Telegraph" music critic Neil McCormick called Auto-Tune a "particularly sinister invention that has been putting extra shine on pop vocals since the 1990s" by taking "a poorly sung note and transpos[ing] it, placing it dead center of where it was meant to be".

In 2009, "Time" magazine quoted an unnamed Grammy-winning recording engineer as saying, "Let's just say I've had Auto-Tune save vocals on everything from Britney Spears to Bollywood cast albums. And every singer now presumes that you'll just run their voice through the box." The same article hoped "that pop's fetish for uniform perfect pitch will fade", commenting that pop-music songs are sounding the same, as "track after track has perfect pitch." Timothy Powell, a producer/engineer stated in 2003 that he is "even starting to see vocal tuning devices show up in concert settings"; he states that "That's more of an ethical dilemma—people pay a premium dollar to see artists and artists want people to see them at their best."

The American television series "Glee" uses Auto-Tune in its songs. E! Online's Joal Ryan criticized the show for its "overproduced soundtrack", in particular, complaining that many songs rely too heavily on the software.

In 2010, there was controversy when British television reality TV show, "The X Factor" had been accused of using Auto-Tune to improve the voices of contestants, especially Gamu Nhengu. Simon Cowell ordered a ban on Auto-Tune for future episodes.


Masai Mara

Masai Mara National Reserve is a National Park in Kenya, East Africa. It was established in 1948 as a wildlife sanctuary, and has been made larger since then.

Masai Mara is a game reserve type of park, meant to protect the animals on the savannah of the Serengeti. It is named after the Maasi people, who are the traditional people of the area. Big as it is, the Masai Mara National Reserve is only a fraction of the Greater Mara Ecosystem.

The Mara is effectively the northern continuation of the Serengeti National Park game reserve in Tanzania.

This natural event is famous for involving a great population of large mammals. Huge numbers of herbivores migrate each year, followed by the big cats. The zebra, Thomson's gazelle, wildebeest, African buffalo, giraffe, elephants and others arrive to eat fresh grass after the rain, and later move on. Lions, leopards, cheetahs follow, and also vultures and hyaenas. hippos and Nile crocodiles are in the rivers. It is called "The Great Migration".

The Great Migration is one of the most impressive natural events worldwide. Taking part each year are some 1,300,000 wildebeest, 500,000 Thomson's gazelles, 97,000 Topi, 18,000 eland, and 200,000 zebra. These plant-eating migrants are followed along their annual, circular route by hungry predators, most notably lions and hyena.

More than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park, many of which are migrants. Almost 60 species are raptors (birds of prey). Birds that call this area home for at least part of the year include: vultures, marabou storks, secretary birds, hornbills, crowned cranes, ostriches, long-crested Eagles, African pygmy-falcons and the lilac-breasted roller, which is the national bird of Kenya

Helen Hayes

Helen Hayes Brown (October 10, 1900 – March 17, 1993) was an American actress. Her career lasted for almost 70 years. Known as the "First Lady of the American Theatre", she is one of only thirteen people to win all four main American entertainment awards - Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. Hayes also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1986, the National Medal of Arts in 1988 and was awarded at the Kennedy Center Honors in 1981. Two Broadway theaters are named after her.

Hayes was born in Washington D.C. on October 10, 1890. She was an only child. Her mother, Catherine Estelle Hayes, was an actress of Irish ancestry. Her father, Francis van Arnum Brown, was a meat salesman. 

Hayes was an accomplished child. She went to a dancing school and sang very well. She began a stage career at the age of five, pushed by her mother. She also took her mother's maiden name as her stage name. By the age of ten, she had made a short movie. In 1917 Hayes graduated from the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington.

Her first sound movie "The Sin of Madelon Claudet" (1931) brought her Academy Award for Best Actress. The part she played in it was written by her husband, Charles MacArthur. Among her other successful movies of that time were "Arrowsmith" (1931), "A Farewell to Arms" (1932), "What Every Woman Knows" (1934).

Hayes liked working in theatre. Her most famous performance on Broadway was the role of Queen Victoria in a play "Victoria Regina" (1938). She played leading parts in "Coquette" (1928) and "Mary Of Scotland" (1933) as well. "Harvey" (1970) became her last hit on stage. Hayes had to retire from theatre because of her asthma condition.

She continued her work in movies. Hayes won her second Academy Award in 1970 for "Airport". This time for Supporting role. During the later part of her career she was often in series and movies made for television. She successfully portrayed legendary character Miss Marple in several movies in 80s.

Hayes met her husband, Charles MacArthur, a playwright, in 1927. They married in August of 1928. They had a daughter, Mary, born in 1930. She became involved in acting, but died from polio at age 19. In 1938 Hayes and Charles adopted a son, James MacArthur, who grew up to be an actor. 

Charles MacArthur died in 1956. He had many years of illness and grief caused by his daughter's untimely death. Hayes never married again. 

She published four autobiographies: "A Gift of Joy" (1965), "On Reflection" (1968), "Twice Over Lightly" (1972), and "My Life in Three Acts" (1990).

Hayes died on March 17, 1993 from heart failure in the hospital of Nyack, New York. She was 92. She was buried in the Oak Hill Cemetery, next to her husband and daughter.


Ray Crawford

Ray Crawford (October 26, 1915 - February 1, 1996) was an American racecar driver.

Crawford was born in Roswell, New Mexico. He died in Los Angeles, California. He drove in the American Automobile Association and United States Automobile Club Championship Car series, racing in the 1954-1959 seasons with 13 starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1955-1956, and 1959. He finished in the top ten 6 times.

Baryon

Baryons are composite subatomic particles made of an odd number of valence quarks (at least three quarks). The most familiar baryons are the protons and neutrons which make up most of the visible matter in the universe. Electrons (the other major component of the atom) are leptons.

Since all quarks have a spin of 1/2, all baryons have a spin of 1/2 or 3/2 (the spins can cancel out). 1/2 spin baryons have the lowest energy state. 3/2 spin baryons are extremely unstable, and only live for 10 seconds. After that, they jump down to a lower energy state by releasing photons containing energy. These 3/2 spin baryons are known as higher energy resonances.

All particles with 1/2 spin (or 3/2 spin) are called fermions, and obey Fermi-Dirac statistics. This means that no two fermions can be in the same point in space at the same time. This is not true for the other type of subatomic particle, called a boson. More than one boson—like a photon—can exist in the same point in space at the same time. 

Baryons are one of two types of hadrons, which are particles made of quarks. The other type of hadron is called a meson.

The name baryon comes from Greek "barys," meaning heavy.

Upper Triassic

The Upper Triassic is the last epoch in the Triassic period. It began 237 million years ago, and ended 201.3 million years ago. It was after the Middle Triassic epoch, and before the Lower Jurassic epoch.

Many early dinosaur species appeared for the first time during the Upper Triassic. These included "Plateosaurus", "Coelophysis", and "Eoraptor". The discovery of "Herrerasaurus" and "Saurosuchus" makes it quite clear that the dinosaurs were taking hold of the land environments.

Pterosaurs were common in the air, and ichthyosaurs dominated the seas.

At the end of the Upper Triassic some event or events caused the extinction of many animal species worldwide. This was the end–Triassic extinction event. It was similar to the more famous event that lead to the extinction of the dinosaurs. No one knows for sure what caused the event. 

Although the Triassic period was, in general, a dry period with the inland areas often being deserts, the Upper Triassic epoch saw a big change.

The Carnian Pluvial Event (CPE) was a major global climate change and biotic turnover with many extinctions. It was early in the Upper Triassic, about 230 million years ago. Shifts in carbon and oxygen isotopes suggest a global warming. 

Major changes in organisms responsible for calcium carbonate production occurred during the CPE. Carbonate sedimentation stopped in deep water settings of Southern Italy. 

High extinction rates occurred among ammonoids, conodonts, bryozoa and crinoids. Major evolutionary innovations followed the CPE. The dinosaurs became established. In the seas there were calcareous nannofossils and scleractinian corals.

Fondue

Originally, Fondue was a dish where pieces of bread, potatoes, or other vegetables were dipped into hot, molten cheese. Fondue is common in Switzerland, Piedmont, and Savoie. With the time, the meaning of fondue was extended: With Fondue bourguinonne, pieces of meat (usually beef) are dipped into hot oil. Fondue chinoise uses stripes of meat which are cooked.

Fondue chinoise and Fondue bouriginonne are served with different sauces or dips. The cheese-based variety uses a mixture of cheese, white wine, and starch to prepare the molten cheese.

A great number of people believe that fondue is a very old country way to make food of hard cheese and hard bread. Both Swiss and French people make fondue from the old time. It is most likely first made in the Jura mountains.

The oldest certain directions for making fondue used eggs and came from Vaud in the early 19th century. A great number of Swiss places and towns came up with very special directions for making fondue based on cheeses, wines and other substances of the town. 

Fondue became pleasing to a great number of people in the United States through the late 1960s and early 1970s.

In addition to the bread and cheese, there are side plates of garlic, pickled cucumber, onions and olives.

To give a special quality of taste, the "caquelon" is first rubbed with a cut garlic. Wine and cheese are added and heated and moved till they are warm and liquid. A small amount of starch is added to join the substances. Some strong alcohol from cherries is added just before bringing it to the table.

The most common directions use 1 decilitre of dry white wine and 200 grams of cheese for every person. The cheese is a mix of hard cheese (such as "Gruyère") and semi-hard (such as Emmental cheese).

A cheese fondue would be kept at a temperature warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not at a great heat to cause burning. 

If the temperature is good, there will be a thin hard cover of toasted (not burnt) cheese at the lowest part of the "caquelon". 

This is the "la religieuse" (French for "the nun"). It has the structure of a thin cracker and is lifted out and every person is given a bit. In Switzerland sometimes boys and girls fight over the burnt cheese at the lowest part of the "caquelon".

"Fondue Bourguignonne" is named after Burgundy in France. Fondue Bourguignonne uses a pot of heated oil to cook. Bits of meat are put into the oil to quickly cook them. A number of sauces are made ready on the side. The earliest statements of this dish seem to have been made in the 1950s.

"Fondue Chinoise" uses a pot of heated liquid to cook. Thin bits of meat (often beef) are put into a very warm thin meat soup. As with a Fondue Bourguignonne, a number of sauces are made ready on the side. At the end of the meal, the liquid from the pot is drunk as a thick soup.

"Chocolate Fondue" was first made in the 1960s. Slices of fruit or cake are put in a pot of warm, liquid chocolate.

It would not be good to touch the fork with the tongue, because the fork will go back into the common pot. At a meat fondue, one uses a second fork to take meat off the fork that goes into the common pot. 

In Switzerland what has been done for a long time, is that if a bit of bread is lost in the cheese by a man, he gives money for a bottle of wine. If it is lost by a woman, she kisses the man at her left.

Megaupload

Megaupload was a website that allowed people to upload and download files. It had several sister websites including Megavideo, Megapix, Megalive and others. It is based in Hong Kong.

It allowed users who do not have an account to upload and download files up to 1 GB. People with free accounts got 200 GB of space. People with paid accounts had unlimited space. After uploading a file, a URL can be used to access and download it.

It would stay there for
The website was supported by advertising. It gave incentives to people who uploaded the files that were downloaded the most. The website displayed advertising as users downloaded the files.


On 19 January 2012 the United States Department of Justice seized and shut down the file hosting site Megaupload.com and commenced criminal cases against its owners and others. Worldwide, the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Kim Schmitz (Founder), Finn Batato (CMO), Mathias Ortmann (CTO and co-founder), with Bram van der Kolk arrested by the Organised and Financial Crime Agency of New Zealand. Their bail request was denied in New Zealand court as it was opposed by US authorities on the case. On January 20 Hong Kong Customs froze more than HK$300 million (US$39 million) in assets belonging to the company.

The case drew particular public attention because the arrests were on the day after a large protest of proposed legislation to expand United States legal authority against foreign piracy websites. Shortly afterward, the Department of Justice's website and a number of other organisations' websites were taken offline following concerted denial of service attacks from activist group "Anonymous".
A group spokesperson described the attacks as "the single largest Internet attack in [the group's] history" in an interview, adding that it was "a terrible case of happenstance that federal agents went after Megaupload only hours after the thousands of sites protesting in an anti-SOPA blackout went back online. Web surfers were by-and-far ready to defend an open Internet ... the feds 'could not have chosen a worse time to take down Megaupload'." He noted that from commencement until the point the government's web servers were offline was a mere 70 minutes.

Besides the Department of Justice's justice.gov, the Denial of Service attack included Universal Music Group, Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI), and the website of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. “Even without SOPA having been passed yet, the federal government always had tremendous power to do some of the things that they want to do. So if this is what can occur without SOPA being passed, imagine what can occur after SOPA is passed,” Brown told RT. Anonymous also attacked the website of France's anti-piracy organisation. 
On 19 January 2012 Anonymous released a statement on Pastebin.com accepting responsibility of the mass attacks on websites including those of RIAA, MPAA, BMI, FBI and others.


Amoebiasis

Amoebiasis, also known as amebiasis or entamoebiasis, is an intestinal infection caused by amoebas of the "Entamoeba" group. The infection is usually caused by "Entamoeba histolytica". The infection is normally got when someone drinks water with the parasite in it.

In some cases, the parasite lives in a person's large intestine and does not cause any symptoms. Symptoms vary from serious to none at all. There may be abdominal pain, mild diarrhoea, bloody diarrhoea or severe colitis with tissue death and perforation. This last complication may cause peritonitis. People affected may develop anaemia due to loss of blood.
Amoebiasis is usually transmitted by water contaminated with faeces. It can also be got indirectly by contact with dirty hands or objects.

Infection is spread by ingesting the cyst form of the parasite. This tough and semi-dormant structure is found in faeces. Since amoebiasis is transmitted by contaminated food and water, it is often endemic in parts of the world with poor sanitation (such as México, Central America, western South America, South Asia, and western and southern Africa).

Amoebic dysentery is often confused with "traveller's diarrhoea" because of its prevalence in developing nations. In fact, most traveller's diarrhoea is bacterial or viral in origin.

"E. histolytica" infections occur in both the intestine and (in people with symptoms) in tissue of the intestine and/or liver. So, two different classes of drugs are needed to treat the infection, one for each location. Such anti-amoebic drugs are known as "amoebicides".

Aga Khan II

Aga Khan II (; ) the formal name for Aqa Ali Shah (. He was born in 1830 in Mahallat, Iran and died in August 1885 in Pune, India). He was a Muslim leader. He was the 47th Imam of a religious group called Nizari Ismaili Muslims. He became the Imam in 1881. He was a member of the Iranian royal family. He worked to improve his own community and the Muslim community in India. He really enjoyed sports and hunting.

Aqa Ali Shah was the oldest son of Aga Khan I. He was an Iranian Prince. He was also a descendent of the Prophet Muhammad. The Prophet's daughter Fatima and son-in-law Ali b. Abi Talib were Aqa Ali Shah's ancestors. He lived in Iraq, Persia, and India during his childhood.

Aqa Ali Shah became Imam of the Ismailis when his father died in 1881. He also got his father's title of Aga Khan. Aga Khan II continued a good relationship with the British.

He opened several schools for his followers in Bombay and other places.

When he died in 1885, his 7-year-old son became Imam, Aga Khan III.

The first Aga Khan owned some of the best Arabian horses in the world. Aqa Ali Shah kept these horses too. He was good at riding them. He liked other sports and hunting very much. He was famous for hunting tigers in India. Sometimes he chased tigers on foot. He was so good at shooting guns that he killed at least forty tigers that way.

Steve Berry (novelist)

Steve Berry (born in 1955) is an American author, professor and former attorney currently living in St. Augustine, Florida.

Steve Berry first appeared in print with his historical books "The Amber Room" and "The Romanov Prophecy" in 2003 and 2004. Berry had been writing since 1990, and it took him 12 years and 85 rejections (over five different editions) to finally sell a manuscript to Ballantine Books. Berry credits the nuns who taught him in Catholic school about how to write novels and contact publishers.

Today, Berry has nearly 11 million books in print, which have been translated into 37 languages and sold in 50 countries. Berry focuses his time on writing or planning new novels, teaching writing to people all over the world, golfing or spending time on the beach.

Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna

Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna (Sometimes called Anastasia: The Story of Anna) is a 1986 Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning TV movie, starring Amy Irving, Olivia de Havilland, Omar Sharif and Christian Bale. The movie was loosely based on the story of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and the novel "The Riddle of Anna Anderson" by Peter Kurth. It was Christian Bale's first movie and was originally broadcast in two parts.

The movie is about Anna Anderson, who believes that she is Anastasia, daughter of Nicholas II of Russia. Anna first tells her story in the 1920s when she is at a Berlin psychiatric hospital. Her story of escape from the Bolsheviks who killed the rest of her family in 1918 seems so vivid that many Russians believe her. She slowly gains more trust, but the Romanov family does not believe her. The movie never reveals if Anna really is Anastasia.


Felix Yusupov

Prince Felix Felixovich Yusupov, Count Sumarokov-Elston (; March 23, 1887, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire – September 27, 1967, Paris, France), was best known for murdering Grigori Rasputin. Rasputin was the faith healer who was said to have influenced Tsar Nicholas II and Tsaritsa Alexandra Feodorovna in their decisions. Felix Yusupov was never punished for this murder.

Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory

The Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory (AFDIL) is a laboratory in America that studies DNA. It is run by the United States Armed Forces.

AFDIL usually uses fingerprints from ID card records.

Hallux valgus

A hallux valgus, also called bunion, is when the bone or tissue around the joint at the base of the big toe becomes larger. The big toe (hallux) may turn in toward the second toe, and the tissues around it can become swollen and red.

Aquificaceae

The family Aquificaceae are bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings such as hot springs, sulfur pools, and hydrothermal vents. Although they are true bacteria as opposed to the other inhabitants of extreme environments, the Archaea. 

Hydrogenothermaceae

The family Hydrogenothemaceae are bacteria that live in environments not good for humans. They have been found in hot springs, sulfur pools, thermal ocean vents. They are the only bacteria that live there (things like the Archaea are not bacteria).

Gulzar

Sampooran Singh Kalra, known as Gulzar (born 18 August 1936) is a songwriter, poet and movie director from India. He has written songs for many Hindi movies.

Gulzar co-wrote the song "Jai Ho" for the movie "Slumdog Millionaire". The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

Vishal Bhardwaj

Vishal Bhardwaj (born 4 August 1965) is an n Hindi movie director. He has also composed music for many Hindi movies.

Turtle ship

The turtle ship was a type of warship built in Korea. It was used by the Koreans during the Japanese invasion of Korea in the 16th century. It was used to defeat the Japanese Navy. Because it looked like a turtle, it wascalled turtle ship.

It has a dragon-shaped head, which can fire cannons through its mouth. Its tail can also fire artillery. Turtle ships have 12 cannons on each side. In total there are 24 cannons. As lots of iron nails are stuck in its back, nobody can approach it easily. Moreover, people who are in turtle ships can see the outside, while people cannot look into it.

Its inside is divided into two floors, one of which is the place where cannons are and the other is where people can row. There are twenty four rooms. Nineteen of them are where soldiers can take a rest. Three of them are where weapons, such as swords, arrows and spears, are. In the other three rooms, iron goods can be stored. On the bottom, there is a huge water tank, which can make float and sink.

At first, turtle ships were small warships which could hold about 100~150 soldiers. However, after the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592, it expanded from a two-storied warship to a three-storied one and the hull was longer.

It has several cannons from front to back and side to side, including a dragon-shaped head. Therefore, it take an important role in breaking through the enemy lines at the head of fleets. In addition, it is assumed that iron nails stuck in its back might hit and sink enemy ships with the water tank full.

Because it has iron nails and wooden boxes covered with swords in the back, it is distinguished in warding off attacks against enemies.

It has ten paddles in each side, and four rowers are arranged to one paddle. As its bottom is flat-shaped, it's really easy to maneuver in large tidal ranges, such as The West Sea and The South Sea of Korean Peninsula. It's also possible to do a half-turn in the middle of moving. 


Foot-and-mouth disease

Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) is one of the acute infectious diseases (highly contagious disease) of animals. Foot-and-mouth disease virus causes the disease which can infect domestic animals such as cattle, pigs, sheep, goats and deer. Generally, it is believed that FMD is not very contagious to humans. However, humans can spread FMD by carrying the virus on their clothes and body. FMD breaks out all over the globe, because it is highly contagious to many animals. The earliest description of FMD was that by Hieronymi Fracastorii (1546). He described the disease, as being unusual and affecting only cattle, when it occurred in northern Italy in 1514.

While the disease is widespread around the world, North America, Central America, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Chile, and many countries in Europe are considered free of FMD. Various types of FMD virus have been found in Africa, South America, Asia, and some parts of Europe.

The most obvious signs of Foot and Mouth Disease are excessive slobbering (letting liquid fall from their mouth), a lack of appetite and lameness (unable to walk properly because of damage to one or both of their legs). Affected animals may experience a sudden rise in temperature, sores in the mouth or other areas.



FMD is caused by a virus. Signs of illness can appear after an incubation period (the time from the moment of exposure to an infectious agent until signs and symptoms of the disease appear) of one to eight days, but often develop within three days. Immunity to one type does not protect an animal against other types.


Daejeon

Daejeon () is a city in South Korea It is in the middle of the southern Korean peninsula. "Daejeon" means "a grand field".

Its official name is “Daejeon metropolitan city”. The population in Daejeon is around 1,480,000 people. There are 5 districts (, "Gu") in the city.

Daejeon started as a small village called Hanbat. Daejeon started to grow into a large city during the Japanese occupation period. Since the location of Daejeon is near to Seoul, the Ho-Nam train was opened in 1914. In 1949, Daejeon was no longer a part of Chungcheong province. It became an independent metropolitan city. It has the same role as a province.

Today, the city is important as a local self-governing city in Korea. As the population of the city grew, the first subway station in Daejeon was opened in 2006. The formal president Noh Mu Hyun once planned to move some of the public administration buildings in Seoul to Daejeon.

Daejeon is seen as a city of science and technology. It has Daedeock science research town, National Science Museum. It was built to support scientists and researchers in Daejeon. In 1993, the city held the Daejeon Expo Festival.

Daejeon attractions include the O-world, the Expo Science Park, Hanbat Arboretum, Roots Park, Gyejoksan Hwangtogil , Daecheong, Jangtaesan recreational forest, Mountain pass around Daejeon, Daejeon Culture and Arts Center, Dongchundang, Euneungjeonge Culture Street, Famous people from Daejeon are Park Se Ri, a world famous golfer, and celebrities such as Kwon Sang Woo and Park Hae Mi.

Haeundae

The "Haeundae Beach" is at the southeast end of the city of Busan which is in South Korea. Along the 12 km of coastline is Busan's most popular beach, and one of the most famous beaches in South Korea. "Haeundae" was so named by scholar Choi Chi-Won (857~?) of the Silla Dynasty (BC 57~AD 935). When he was walking past Dongbaekdo Island, he was fascinated by it and carved the words "Hae Un Dae" on a stone wall on the island. Haeundae is 1.5 km long, 30~50m wide, and spans an area of 58,400㎡. The white sand is rough and is rather sticky. The sand of this beach is composed of sand that comes from Chuncheon Stream and shells that have been naturally eroded by the wind over time. 

Haeundae used to be isolated from the large communities in Busan and Busanjin. However hotels, shopping centers and other tourist facilities have been built on the beach front area since the mid-1990s, and Haendae is now an rich beach front area. Haeundae New Town, a major commercial and residential redevelopment project begun in 1990 and another development project, Centum City, started in early 2000 and is now a major feature of Busan. In Centum City there is the world's largest department store, Shinsegae Department Store and BEXCO (Busan Exhibition and Convention Center) has become a popular venue for international conventions and exhibitions. Nearby Marine City is built on land reclaimed from the sea, and has several huge, high-rise apartment blocks. 

Haeundae is one of the host venues for the annual Pusan International Film Festival. The 2005 APEC Conference was held on Haeundae's Dongbeak Island. Haeundae is one of the most popular spots in Busan to view the first sunrise of the year on January 1. Also, one of the most famous beach events happens in the first week of January when the temperature is around 0°C, the "Polar Bear Club", held by Choseon Beach Hotel since 1988. 

Dongbaek Island, at the south end of the beach, has a view of the sea by car and its coastline is famous for fishing. Oryuk Islets, a symbol of Busan to many Koreans, can be seen in the distance from Dongbaek Island. During the hot summer months, Haeundae beach becomes very crowded with thousands of people and parasols. People visit the beach from all over South Korea, as well as outside of Korea.

Mattress

A mattress is a mat or pad, usually placed on top of a bed, where somebody sleeps or lies on. It usually contains compliant stuffing such as feathers, cotton and foam rubber. Many have springs inside.

The word "mattress" came from Arabic words meaning "to throw" and "place where something is thrown" or "mat, cushion." During the Crusades, Europeans slept on cushions thrown on the floor, and the word "materas" eventually became Middle English through the Romance languages.

The earliest known form of a mattress dates back to approximately 77,000 years ago. It was discovered by archaeologists in a rock shelter located in Sibudu, South Africa. It was full of various types of grass and leaves, some of which were natural insect repellent to combat nuisances like mosquitos and other insects.

Between 3000 and 1000 BCE, other cultures in early history began to adopt elevated sleeping surfaces as humans and civilizations evolved. In ancient Egypt, these raised beds were typically made from wood for protection from snakes and rodents. Raised beds were also helpful as a way of regulating temperature and to protect against cold and heat.

Beds became simpler in the 19th century, with four-posters falling out of style. Mattresses were transformed when coil springs were introduced in the 1870s, and metal frames became more common. At the beginning of the 20th century, beds and mattresses could be mass produced for the first time, making them more accessible. As more companies began making mattresses, buying a mattress became much more about comfort and preference, which remains the case today.

Qin dynasty

The Qin dynasty ruled in China from 221 BC to 206 BC (15 years). It was created by the warlord Qin Shi Huang during the Warring States Period and defeated several other states in the area to unite China. The Qin ruled China for only a very short time, during which they built both the Terracotta Army and parts of the Great Wall of China.

The second, and final emperor, Qin Er Shi, was overthrown by a popular rebellion after the first Qin emperor died. It was followed by the Han dynasty. The Han dynasty was founded by Liu Bang in 202 BC. 

Tanganyika

Tanganyika is the mainland part of Tanzania. From 9 December 1961 to 26 April 1964 it was an independent state.

It was an East African territory lying between the Indian Ocean and the African Great Lakes: Lake Victoria, Lake Malawi and Lake Tanganyika.

Once part of the larger colony of German East Africa (), it comprised today's Rwanda, Burundi, and Tanzania, but not Zanzibar.

After World War I the parts that are today's Rwanda and Burundi became a League of Nations mandate governed by Belgium. The major part, however, came under British rule and was transferred to Britain under the 1919 Treaty of Versailles. This was confirmed by a League of Nations Mandate in 1922, later becoming a United Nations Trust Territory. Britain changed the name to the "Tanganyika Territory".

On 9 December 1961 Tanganyika became independent as a Commonwealth Realm, and on 9 December 1962 it became the Republic of Tanganyika within the Commonwealth of Nations. In 1964, it joined with the islands of Zanzibar to form the United Republic of Tanganyika and Zanzibar, later in the year changed to the "United Republic of Tanzania".

Although Tanganyika still exists within Tanzania, the name is no longer used formally for the territory. It is, however, a convenient way to refer to the mainland, which is so different geographically and culturally from Zanzibar. The name "Tanganyika" is also used to refer to Lake Tanganyika.

Nicola Pisano

Nicola Pisano (also called Niccolò Pisano and Nicola de Apulia) (c. 1220/1225 – c. 1284) was an Italian sculptor who is best known for the works that he made for Pisa Cathedral. At a time when most artists worked in the Gothic style, Nicola was influenced by the Ancient Roman sculpture that he saw at Pisa, and copied the style into his own work. For this reason Nicola Pisano is sometimes said to be to be the founder of modern sculpture.

 
Nicola Pisano's birthdate and exact birthplace are unknown. A document in the archives of Siena Cathedral says that he was the son of Petrus de Apulia. In 1245 Nicola was making sculptures at Prato Cathedral and then moved to Pisa where his son Giovanni Pisano was born.

Around 1255, Nicola received a commission (a paid job) to make the pulpit in the baptistery of Pisa Cathedral. The baptistery was a very large circular domed building that stood near the west doors of the cathedral. Nicola was assisted (helped) by other sculptors including Arnolfo di Cambio who later became a famous architect. The work was finished in 1260 and signed "Nicola Pisanus" which means "Nicholas of Pisa".

The pulpit is hexagonal (six-sided) and is supported on six columns of coloured stone, with another column under the centre of the pulpit. Four of the columns, including the central one, rest on the backs of carved creatures. Around five sides of the pulpit are white marble panels carved with stories from the life of Jesus. They are the "Annunciation" (telling of Jesus' birth to Mary), the "Nativity" (birth of Jesus), "Angels telling the Shepherds", the "Adoration of the Magi" (the Three Wise Men), "Baby Jesus presented at the Temple", and the "Crucifixion".

At Pisa Cathedral was a large cloister (a courtyard surrounded by arches) called the Campo Santo and used as a burial place. All around the arcade in the Campo Santo were Ancient Roman "sarcopgagi" (stone coffins), that had been stolen by the navy of Pisa when they had won a battle. Many of the coffins were richly carved with scenes that told stories. The biographer Giorgio Vasari wrote that Nicola Pisano studied these sculptures before he started work on the carvings for the pulpit. Because of this, Nicola's sculpture makes a bridge between the Gothic style of the 1200s, and the Classical style used by Renaissance artists in the 1400s. 
The Baptistery of Pisa had been built by an architect called Diotisalvi, but the work was not finished. Nicola Pisano made the dome much higher, and put decoration all around it which 20 years later had sculpture added by Nicola's son Giovanni Pisano.

In 1264 Nicola Pisano was aksed to work on a grand shrine in memory of St Dominic, called the "Arca di San Domenico" in the Basilica of San Domenico in Bologna. It is believed that Nicola made the main design but many other sculptors worked on it. More than 200 years later, it was still not finished, and Michelangelo, when he was still a teenager, made three small statues for it.

In September 1265 Nicola began work on another a marble pulpit, even grander than the first, this time for Siena Cathedral. The work took three years, and Nicola was helped by his son Giovanni Pisano and his assistants Arnolfo di Cambio, Lapo di Ricevuto and several other artists.

The pulpit is octagonal in shape and is supported on nine columns, made of granite, porphyry and green marble..
The message of this pulpit is Salvation and the Last Judgment. It has seven sculptured scenes and many small statues. Three of the scenes tell more than one story. All the panels are crowded with figures. 

In July 1273 Nicola Pisano was commissioned to make the altar in the Chapel of St James in Pistoia Cathedral. The chapel was demolished and all that remains is a basin for Holy Water, that was possibly made by Nicola.

His last main job, from 1277-78, was to make the sculpture panels to surround a very large fountain in the main square of the city of Perugia. (1277–1278). The fountain was designed by Fra Bevignate and Boninsegna. It is thought that most of the sculpture was done by his son Giovanni Pisano. and his assistants.



Oh Se-hoon

Oh Se-hoon ( born 4 January 1961, Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean politician. He became the mayor of Seoul in 2021. He was also the mayor from 2006 to 2011.

When he was young, his family was very poor. He hasa said that he would need to finish his homework before sunset This was because it was very hard for his family to use electricity. After he graduated from high school, he entered Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. He studied Law. During his second year, he moved from HUFS to Korea University. In 1984, he passed the 26th Korean bar examination.

Oh served the military as an officer soon after graduating from law school. After finishing his military service, he worked as a lawyer in Seoul for about 15 years. He appeared on television programs about law many times. That made him become very famous, so he campaigned to being a politician. In 2000, he was elected as a member of the National Assembly, belonging to Grand National Party. As a young politician, he tried to break and change the old and conservative image of Grand National Party. After completing the four years of his term as a member of the National Assembly, he went back to being a lawyer.

Though he had left the political world, he was still preferred by many people. He was even favoured as the next mayor of Seoul, because the former mayor Lee Myung-bak was running for the President. At first, he consistently denied running for the mayor of Seoul. But as he was considered the best candidate for the mayor in many polls, and as Grand National Party persuaded him to run for the mayor, he finally decided to run.

Even before the election, he always won in many polls. As a result, he got over 60% in the 2006 election and became the mayor of Seoul easily. In this election, he promised to remove Dongdaemun Stadium, redevelop about 50 towns, encourage people to learn English, and change diesel buses to natural-gas buses.

In 2010, he tried to be re-elected as mayor. He was expected to easily defeat other candidates again. But in the vote counting, he was about to lose. The gap between him and the second candidate, Han Myeong-sook was just about 0.6%. He decided to quit after winning the election.

He was criticized because in his last 5 years in office the debt of Seoul tripled.

Hyundai Engineering and Construction

Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. (HDEC) was founded by Chung Ju-young in 1947 as the name of Hyundai Civil Works Company and a major company of the Hyundai Group. 
The company completed restoration of Han River Pedestrian Bridge in 1958 and Seoul-Busan Expressway the main artery of Korean economy in 1970. 
HECD became the first Korean construction company entered overseas market among through the winning order for Pattani Narathiwat highway project in Thailand in 1965. 
The company was separated from the Hyundai Group and under the creditor’s management in 2001, as a liquidity crisis. Hyundai Group and Hyundai Motor Group took bid war though eventually Hyundai Group was named the preferred bidder for HDEC in 16th Nov 2010. 

The Head Office is in Key-dong, Chongro-ku, Seoul, Korea. The company has overseas branch offices in 14 countries including U.A.E.

The company has owned 7 subsidiary company which are Hyundai Engineering Co., Ltd., Hyundai Equipment & Steel Industries, Hyundai Design, Hyundai Farm, Hyundai CNI, Hyundai Hillstate and Hyundai Education. 

The company largely has 5 business fields which are Plant Construction, Power Plant Construction, Civil Works, Building Works and Nuclear Power Plants.

Ted Tucker

Edward William Tucker (born May 7, 1949 in Fort William, Ontario), is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who briefly played for the California Golden Seals of the National Hockey League.

Anne Marie d'Orléans

Anne Marie d'Orléans (27 August 1669 - 26 August 1728) was a niece of Louis XIV and was the wife of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia. She was the mother-in-law of Philip V of Spain and the Dauphin of France. She was known as "Anna Maria" in her husbands kingdom. 

She was born at the Château de Saint-Cloud. Her mother died when she was ten months old. A year later, her father remarried Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. Her half-brother Philippe d'Orléans, the future Regent of France. Her stepmother described her as "one of the most amiable and virtuous of women".

Anne Marie d'Orléans' proxy marriage to Víctor Amadeus II took place at Versailles on 10 April 1684. Louis XIV gave her a dowry of 900,000 "livres". She met her husband at Chambéry the following 6 May which were followed by another wedding ceremony. She was the mother of eight children. Anne Marie loved her husband greatly but he soon turned his attentions to his mistresses, one being the famous Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes. Anne Marie's eldest child, Marie Adélaïde of Savoy, was sent to Versailles as a young girl in order to learn her future role as queen of France, but she died in 1712. Her husband had two further children with Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, his mistress from 1689 till 1700. Nonetheless, when he fell ill with smallpox, she nursed him until his recovery.

In November 1701, her third daughter, Maria Luisa, then barely thirteen years old, married Philip V of Spain. In 1706, during the siege of Turin by French forces under the command of her half-brother Philippe d'Orléans, and Spanish forces from her cousin Philip V of Spain, she and her sons, Victor Amadeus and Carlo Emanuele, were forced to flee the city. 

As a result of his aid in the War of the Spanish Succession Victor Amadeus II was made King of Sicily in 1713 under the Treaty of Utrecht which ended the war. However Victor Amadeus II was forced to exchange Sicily for the less important kingdom of Sardinia in 1720. As queen, Anne Marie used the Royal Palace of Turin as well as the Villa della Regina which was her own property. Queen Anne Marie died of heart failure at her villa on 26 August 1728, the day before her 59th birthday. She is today buried at the Basilica of Superga in Turin being moved there in 1786 by her son Victor Amadeus III. Her husband, Víctor Amadeus II, abdicated in favour of his son in 1730, and died two years later having married a commoner. 

From 1714 to 1720, Anne Marie d'Orléans was the heiress presumptive to the Jacobite claim to the thrones of England, Scotland, and Ireland. These claims were held at the time by James Francis Edward Stuart (son of James II) upon the death of his half-sister, Queen Anne. Anne Marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the Old Pretender's son, Charles Edward Stuart ("Bonnie Prince Charlie") in December 1720. Through Anne Marie descend the current post-Stuart legitimist claims of the Jacobites to the English and Scottish thrones.



Marie Adélaïde of Savoy

Marie Adélaïde of Savoy (6 December 1685 – 12 February 1712) was born a Princess of Savoy and was the wife of Louis, Duke of Burgundy. She was the eldest daughter of Victor Amadeus II, Duke of Savoy and of Anne Marie d'Orléans. She died of measles in 1712, followed by her husband a week later. She was the mother of Louis XV. 

She was born in Turin in December 1685 the eldest daughter of Victor Amadeus II. Her mother was Anne Marie d'Orléans, a niece of Louis XIV, and the daughter of Philippe, Duke of Orléans and of Henrietta of England. Her birth nearly cost her sixteen-year-old mother her life. Marie Adélaïde enjoyed a close relationship with her grandmother.

She was engaged to Louis, Duke of Burgundy, Dauphin of France whom she died not marry till 6 December 1697 despite living at Versailles for a year. She became known in France as Marie Adélaïde de Savoie. She was styled the Duchess of Burgundy till her husband became Dauphin in 1711 at the death of Louis, Grand Dauphin. The new Duchess of Burgundy had a close relationship with the king and with Madame de Maintenon. In early April 1711, her father-in-law "Le Grand Dauphin" caught smallpox and died in April. Upon the death of "Le Grand Dauphin", Marie Adélaïde's husband became Dauphin of France and she Dauphine of France. The court went to Fontainebleau where Marie Adélaïde caught a fever which became in measles. She died of measles soon after. Her husband who mourned her greatly died six days later, having caught the measles from his wife. They were bother buried at the Basilica of Saint Denis. Her granddaughter "Marie Adélaïde" was named after her. 


Henrietta of England

Henrietta of England (16 June 1644 (26 June n.s.) – 30 June 1670) was born a Princess of England and Scotland as the youngest daughter of King Charles I of England and his consort Henrietta Maria of France. Fleeing England with her governess aged three, she moved to the court of her first cousin Louis XIV of France. She was known as "Minette". She married Philippe of France, "Monsieur", brother of King Louis XIV, and became known as "Madame" at court. Very popular with the court, Henriette was known for her flirtatious nature which was the cause of various arguments between husband and wife. Louise de La Vallière and Madame de Montespan were part of her household prior to being Louis XIV's mistresses. Henriette was instrumental to the completion of the "Secret Treaty of Dover" prior to her unexpected death in June 1670. The reason for her death has never been conclusively determined; while some argue that it was by poison administered by her husband's lover the Chevalier de Lorraine, historians have also argued that she was felled by a perforated peptic ulcer.
The Jacobite claims to the throne following the death of Henry Benedict Stuart descend from her through her daughter Anne Marie, Queen of Sardinia.




John Adams (ice hockey, born 1946)

John Matthew Adams (born July 27, 1946) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League. He was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.


Steve Black

Stephen Black (March 31, 1927 – June 12, 2008) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player from Thunder Bay, Ontario in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Steve Black played five years for the Port Arthur Flyers of the TBJHL making two trips to the Memorial Cup Tournament before joining the PCHL. 

In 1946 Black joined the Oakland Seals of the PCHL and showed enough talent to move up to the AHL the following season. After two years in the minors, he joined the Detroit Red Wings. The Detroit Red Wings already had a lot of good players, including Gordie Howe, Ted Lindsay, and Sid Abel. Black won the Stanley Cup with the Detroit Red Wings in 1950. He moved to the Chicago Black Hawks in 1951. He played 39 times for the Chicago Red Wings before leaving the NHL. He played in the minor leagues for three more seasons before retiring from hockey in 1954.


With the Detroit Red Wings, Black wore the #19 jersey which would decades later be worn by Steve Yzerman. Black wore the #17 jersey with the Chicago Black Hawks.


Bob Ash

Bob Ash (born September 29, 1943) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. During his career he played 200 games in the World Hockey Association with the Winnipeg Jets and Indianapolis Racers.


Jack Borotsik

John Nicolas Borotsik (November 26, 1949 – June 8, 2018) was a Canadian ice hockey centre. He played in the NHL for the St. Louis Blues.

Data (Star Trek)

Data ( ), is a fictional character in the American Science fiction television show Star Trek played by actor Brent Spiner. Data, who is a cyborg, is a main character in the Star Trek series and in four movies; Star Trek Generations, , , and Star Trek Nemesis.

TV Shows

Movies

I Ching

I Ching (易经), also known as the Book of Changes, is one of the oldest of the Chinese classic texts, it is used mainly for divination (fortunetelling).

The text was mainly written during the early Zhou Dynasty (1046 BC-771 BC). Before Zhou Dynasty, there was Shang Dynasty (1600 BC - 1046 BC). Shang Dynasty's main cultural characteristics are its divination and character (old Chinese character). We cannot say which one was first, but it is supposed that characters were made from certain need while doing divination. During Shang Dynasty, divination was done by burning animal's bone or tortoise shell. Zhou Dynasty made Shang cease to exist, but it accepted Shang's culture. In early age of Zhou Dynasty, a new way of divination appeared which was put into writing. It was advanced form of Shang Dynasty's divination, and finally, it took place instead of Shang's divination.

The contents of I Ching consist of 64 hexagrams and explanation for each. Hexagram is a group of six broken or unbroken lines. The broken line (the line where the middle part is missing) represents yang, and the unbroken line represents yin. From the bottom to top, six lines are gathered in parallel. There exists one different name for one hexagram. In I Ching, the name of one hexagram and the hexagram itself comes first, and after those, there are different explanations for the hexagram and the each line consisting hexagram, from bottom to top. There comes next hexagram after explanations of all lines of one hexagram.

The typical divination using I Ching needs the number of fifty thin sticks usually made from bamboo. Using those sticks with certain order, the person who wants to know the result draws hexagram and finds the explanation in the book. To make process simpler, some people use coin to know the result.

In I Ching, the word 'Heaven'(or sky; it corresponds to the Chinese character '天') is considered as same as God or the absolute being with humane character, who decides the good and evil and makes judgements. For example, the explanation of 26th hexagram (大畜 dà chù) is "the Heaven's bliss is given, therefore, lucky."

Also, there is the idea of constantly changing world, as the explanation of 11th hexagram (泰 tài) tells, "Everything flat will be inclined, and everything gone will be come back." Similarly, the idea of endlessness can also be found. The literal meaning of 63rd hexagram (既濟 jì jì) is "already (既) finished (濟)", but the last hexagram, which is the 64th (未濟 wèi jì), means "not (未) finished (濟)" literally. This means the process of whole world and life is endless and never stops.

Dooly the Little Dinosaur

Dooly the Little Dinosaur is a Korean animated movie and television series for children. It was made by cartoonist Kim Su Jeong. It was initially a cartoon work serially published in cartoon magazine "Treasure Island" from 1983 to 1993 and was made into animation later on. It depicts episodes that Dooly and his friends make cute troubles and travel many places. They face many great and small events and cope with them using Dooly's supernatural power and Douner's time cosmos (a sort of time machine).

This animation was a great success in Korea. 

Dooly A baby "Ceratosaurus". He was kidnapped by aliens, who conducted experiments with him and granted supernatural powers to him in return. He had been stuck in an iceberg for the next 10 million years before he came to present Seoul. He does not know how to use the magical powers deliberately but in times of danger he somehow manages to use them. The word "Hoi Hoi", which he yells when he use super powers, is kind of a trade mark of him. He is kind but very mischievous, and he always make troubles and play elf with Go Gil Dong, in whose house he lives. Go Gil Dong hates Dooly, but his wife Park Jeong Ja takes Dooly's side because he takes good care of Hee Dong, their baby. 

Douner An alien from planet Kantapia. He has a violin time cosmos which enables space travel and time travel and he also exercises supernatural powers to some extent saying "kantapia". He was traveling through space when the time cosmos broke down and he could not go back to his home. Because he thinks Dooly, who he saw first on the earth, is the typical earth creature, he regards human beings as pets. 

Ddochi An ostrich from Africa. She escaped from a circus because the life in a circus was tough. She can do some tricks like dancing, riding a bicycle, acrobatic feats, and dish-turning but is not very good at them. She acts like she is so pretty like a princess but her soles are always black with dirt. She quarrels with Douner at times. 

Go Gil Dong He was an ordinary father in a family but suffers troubles everyday since Dooly came to his house. He always tries to kick Dooly and his friends out of his house, in vain. So he really hates Dooly but always give a meal to him. However, he is kind as he lets 3 homeless people/animals. 

Hee Dong Gil Dong's nephew. His parents went to study abroad, so Gil Dong and his wife are taking care of him in their home. He cannot speak well yet and is wearing a diaper. He is very stubborn and used to fiercely fight with Dooly at first, but as time goes by he likes Dooly very much. He is one of the important reason that Dooly can live in Gil Dong's house even though Gil Dong hates him so badly. 

Ma I Kol He is Gil Dong's neighbor who wants to be a singer but is not very good at singing. He is looks like a typical African man but is totally a Korean whose last name is 'Ma'. Dooly thinks of him as his singing teacher and Dooly, Douner, and he once made a band named "nuclear bomb and guided missiles". They were supposed to be disqualified at the preliminary contest but won the contest with Dooly's supernatural power."Michael Jackson" was the model of this character.


Harold Brown

Harold Brown (September 14, 1920 – January 12, 1997) was a former Canadian ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers. He was born in Brandon, Manitoba. Brown served in World War II with the Royal Canadian Navy. He died at his home in Calgary, Alberta in 1997.

Prince Benedetto, Duke of Chablais

Benedetto of Savoy (Benedetto Maria Maurizio; 21 June 1741 – 4 January 1808) was a prince of Savoy and Duke of Chablais. He was born in the reign of his father Charles Emmanuel III, King of Sardinia. He has no descendants but had a distinguished military career. He married his niece and was the owner of the Palazzo Chiablese in Turin.

Chablais was born at the Palace of Venaria and was the was the youngest child of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia and Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine. His mother died giving birth to him. He was named after Pope Benedict XIV who became pope the year before his birth. His maternal cousin's included the future Queen of Naples and the famous "Marie Antoinette". He was his fathers favourite child. 

His uncle Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor wanted him to marry his daughter daughter Maria Christina of Austria as but it never happened. In 1753 his father gave what is now the Palazzo Chiablese as a home. Chablais extended the palace. His father gave him the title of Duke of Chablais in 1763. As the son of a reigning King he was entitled to the style of "Royal Highness". 

Chablais married his niece Princess Maria Anna of Savoy on 19 March 1775. The marriage produced no children. Maria Anna died in 1824.

A good soldier, he was given control of the Army of Italy which had French troops and intended on restoring the monarchy in France after the execution of Louis XVI in 1793. He died in Rome aged 66 and was buried at the church of San Nicolo dei Cesarini then later moved to the Royal Basilica of Superga. 


Kanda University of International Studies

The Kanda University of International Studies is a private university in Makuhari, Chiba, Japan.

Kanda Institute of Foreign Language (KIFL) was built in 1963 before Kanda University of International Studies (KUIS). After then, it was established in 1973 as fraternity school.
Crosscultural Communication Institute was also transferred to KUIS at the same time. 
Language Teaching Institute was established in KUIS at one time.

Japanese Language Institute was set up in 1992. 
KUIS was chosen as Center of Excellence from Ministry of Education, Outline, Sports, Science and Technology in 1996.

Department of overseas student and Millennium House were established in 2000.

Department of International Communication was set up in 2001.
In addition, Department of International Language and Culture was also established in the same time.

SACLA (Self-Access, Communication, Learner Autonomy) was built in 2002.

Kanda University of International Studies has six buildings: Millennium House, cafeteria, and gym.

Building 6 is called SACLA. "SACLA" means "Self-Access, Communication, Learner Autonomy" and SACLA is divided into two departments. It has electronic devices like computers and printers that are used by the students.

Second floor is SALC. "SALC" means "Self-Access Leaning Center" and SALC has various materials. In TV and DVD Area, students can watch movies which they borrowed from SALC counter. There are also listening stations and speaking booths to help students to improve their listening and speaking skills. Speaking booths have recorders so students can record their speaking and check it by themselves. Listening stations offers students CDs that they can listen to improve their listening. 
There are some convenient rooms called Multi-Purpose Rooms. In these room, students can use computer and enjoy watching and listening CD's and DVD's.

English Language Institute Lounge (ELI Lounge) is available for use freely. It is a place where people can talk in English.

Building 7 has three stories and contains the library,"MULC", and cafe.
The first floor is the library which contains over 160,000 books, including books written in English and other languages. It also deals in more than 400 academic journals, magazines,and newspapers from all over the world. 
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers.
Those computers have search function and give users detailed information about where the book is in library, what genre the book is, and whether or not it may be borrowed.
There are sofas and desks so students can study by themselves or read books.
In the library, students can also use audio-cassettes and video-cassettes for classes and personal studies.
Computer rooms are available for use computers and printer if the rooms has any vacancies.

The second floor is called "MULC". It stands for "Multilingual Communication Center".
MULC has eight different booths: China, Spain, Korea, Brazil, Portugal, Vietnam, Indonesia, and International Area.
Each booth is decorated with each countries' colors and these booths have some books and traditional clothes that is connected to the country's culture.
Students can learn about the country by touching those things.

The third floor is cafe. Students can eat foods, and some dessert.
Cafe has over 200 seats and those seats are composed of indoor and outdoor.
When it's fine day, students can enjoy having foods with landscape on outdoor seat.

Millennium House is a multipurpose hall made in 2000. This hall offers students opportunities to take various workshops, for example,a lecture to learn how to act Japanese Drama, a lecture to learn how to play the shamisen: three-stringed Japanese instrument.
This building is used by students to take place some concert. Jazz club and dance club sometimes do their event.

Kanda University of International Studies has six departments.
English department is the largest. The other departments are Chinese, Spanish, Korean, Language and Culture, and International Communication.
All students in the department of English have to study other languages besides English. They chose at least one language as elective subject within twelve languages: Chinese, Spanish, Korean, French, German, Russia, Italy, Arabic, Portuguese, Vietnamese, Indonesian, and Thai.

Department of English set up "Interpretation and Translation course" in 2009. This course was made for students who aim to become a translator or an interpreter.

There are many events in a year at KUIS. In May, the international friendship soccer tournament is held. Many foreign soccer teams come to KUIS to play soccer. In July, wafuku day is held at SALC. ELI teachers and students wear yukata. In October, the English conversation for children is held. Many children come to KUIS to learn English. Moreover, Halloween party is held. ELI teachers and students disguise. The contest of disguise is also held. There are many food like pizza, snacks and so on. In November, Hamakaze festival is held. There are many stalls outside. KUIS has many international departments, so there are national foods, national music lives, shows of national clothes and so on. In December, a Christmas party is held at SALC. A smorgasbord of food is served. ELI teachers and students enjoy playing games.


Deportivo Italia (1948-2010)

Deportivo Italia is a Venezuelan football team in Caracas. It was founded in 1948 and ended activities in summer 2010.

Football started to be played in Venezuela in the first half of the 20th century. "Deportivo Italia" was one of the first teams. If was founded by Italian emigrants in Caracas in 1948.

The most successful years of the team were those of the "D'Ambrosio era", which lasted from 1958 to 1977. This 20 years period was crowned by the victory 1:0 with the Fluminense, champion team of Brazil in 1971.

In 1958, Mino D'Ambrosio and his brother Pompeo D'Ambrosio took control of Deportivo Italia. Pompeo managed the finances of the team. For the next twenty years, the team was the most successful in Venezuela.

In those golden years, Deportivo Italia won the "Venezuelan First Division" tournament four times (1961, 1963, 1966 and 1972) and the "Copa Venezuela" three times (1961,1962 and 1970), and was runner up in the first division in 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1971 and in the Copa Venezuela in 1976. 

Deportivo Italia even managed to participate in the Copa Libertadores six times (1964, 1966, 1967, 1969, 1971 and 1972).

In the 1971 Copa Libertadores, Deportivo Italia was even able to defeat 1:0 the Fluminense (Champion of Brasil) in the Estádio do Maracanã in Rio de Janeiro: it was celebrated as "Pequeno Maracanazo" (Small Maracanazo in english) by all the Latinoamerican sport-media.

The Caracas daily 'El Universal' wrote that:
""
The Deportivo Italia – under the direct supervision of Mino D'Ambrosio (who ruled the team with his brother Pompeo D'Ambrosio)– that night went to the match with Vito Fasano (who for his performance was recruited in Brazil, Vito is Italian) as goalkeeper. At the defence there were Carlos "Chiquichagua" Marín, Tenorio, Vincente Arrud and Freddy Elie, while as midfielders Delman "Pito" Useche, Negri and Rui. In the attack played Alcyr (who was replaced by Bahia), Beto and Militello.

In the magazine "Incontri" of Caracas, Bruno D'Ambrosio (grandson of Mino who attended the match) wrote that in the final half hour the goalkeeper Vito Fassano did miracles: three hits to the poles helped him, but while two knocked externally the door defended by Fassano, the third would have been goal if the goalkeeper had not deflected it with his fingers stretching in an incredible way. Fassano made the best game of his life, according to sport journalists.

After 1998, the team suffered a crisis and changed its name to "Italchacao". But the following performance of the team was very low in the Venezuelan championship.

For the 2006/2007 season the team returned to its original name Deportivo Italia Fútbol Club. In 2008, with manager Eduardo Saragó, Deportivo Italia won the Torneo Apertura, beating Aragua FC (0-2) on November 30, and for this, qualified them for the 2010 Copa Libertadores. There in May 2010 the "Azules" were able only to get a tie with the "Cruzeiro" of Brazil 

Deportivo Italia changed its name to "Deportivo Petare" in summer 2010. But there is an ongoing dispute, because there is a strong opposition to this change from the Italian community of Caracas.


Bible de Genève

The Bible de Genève ("Bible of Geneva") is a French translation of the Bible, which was published in Geneva in 1562 or 1588. It is a revision of the Bible d'Olivétan.

The English Bible of 1560 which is called the Geneva Bible is a different translation.


Jamaal Charles

Jamaal Charles (born December 27, 1986 in Port Arthur, Texas) is an American football running back. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Texas, and also ran in track and field there.

In the Chiefs' final game of the 2009 season, Charles rushed for 259 yards and two touchdowns against the Denver Broncos. This is the most yards that a Chiefs player has ever rushed for in one game.

Mok-dong

Mok-dong is a district in Yangcheongu, Seoul. It is in the northern west part of Yangcheon District and shares borders with Yeongdeungpo District Yanpyeongdong on its east, Shinjeongdong on its north, and Yeomchangdong on its southern north. As a typical agricultural areas in the past, it was made of small communities. In the 1970s, it started to develop as a large scale housing area. After the 1960s and 1970s, there used to be ghettos around the Anyangcheon bank formed by people who were dispossessed of their belongings and those who had moved there from rural areas, but the spots disappeared since the new town layout. The Mok-dong new town layout was announced in 1983, and completed in 1988.

Mok-dong is famous for being the number two private education center after Gangnam. Subway stations Omokgyo line five and ShinMokdong line nine are located there. Major facilities of the district include Mokdong Stadium, Anyangcheon, Yongwang mountain park, the Christian broadcasting station, SBS, and the Paris Park.

The rink opened on December 1, 1989. It is 30x61m, which is the international ice rink standard on its ground and basement floors. On the second floor there are 5,000 audience seats. Around the ground floor rink there are 10 skater waiting rooms, a restaurant with room for 200, 2 snack bars, changing rooms, training rooms, 2 skating equipment stores, and one ice hockey equipment store. Opening hours are from 14:00 to 18:00 Mondays through Saturdays and 12:00 to 18:00 on Sundays and national holidays.

The stream rises from Anyang temple in the Samseong mountain, hence the name Anyangcheon. A stream with its source in the Samseong mountain (三聖山), Hakeu stream (鶴儀川) from the Baekun mountain (白雲山), and Sanbon stream from (山本川) from Gunpo join in Seoksudong, Anyang and flow northward. The stream passes Gwangmyeong and Geumcehon, Guro, and Yeongdeungpo disctricts of Seoul and flow into Han River passing from the western side of Seongsan bridge.

The park was selected as the first park of Mokdong in August 1971, in an announcement by the Minister of Construction. It was developed into a city park from 1989. The park is on a hill and enjoyed by residents as a place to relax. It offers 3 types of walking courses, 2 pavilions, 28 chairs, 3 entertainment equipment. Activity facilities include 4 badminton courts, 24 gyms and 2 drinking fountains. 120 thousand visits are made per year.

Mok-dong hospital is a patient-oriented hospital and provides specialized treatment of illness through a comprehensive medical testing center, medical emergency center, cardiovascular center, hematinic cell transplant center, and a cerebral nerve center for better medical quality and service improvement. The hospital also runs a breast center, obesity clinic, and a female urology clinic for the treatment of women.

Secure QR code

A Secure QR code is an extension of a QR code. When a QR code is read and decoded, all the information in the code is freely accessible. There will be some redundancy, to allow for error correction. A Secure qr code allows to encrypt part or all of the information present. This means that extra information is needed, to decrypt the non-public part of the code. To decode the non-public part of the code, the device doing the decoding needs to store a key. Secure QR codes use symmetric cryptography. The key length is 8 bytes. This means that there are 2 possible values for the key. With the correct key, the device reading the Secure QR code will also decrypt it.

Goryeo

The Goryeo Dynasty or Koryo Dynasty also called the "Kingdom of Goryeo", is one of the Korean dynasties which existed from 918 to 1392. It began in 918 with Emperor Taejo. The name "Goryeo" came to be said as "Korea" by foreigners and is still the name of the country. Goryeo united the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea (Later Baekje, Later Goguryeo, and Silla) and by 1374 ruled most of the Korean peninsula until it was removed by the Joseon dynasty in 1392. Goryeo increased its borders to Chung-cheon river and Youngheong (936~943) and the Amnok River (933).

Silla had accomplished a unification of the Three Kingdoms of Korea in 668. But it weakened as local lords achieved power during the end of the 9th century. The country entered a period of civil war and rebellion, led by Gung Ye, Gi Hwon, Yang Gil, and Gyeon Hwon. Gung Ye established Hugogureo (meaning "Later Goguryeo") and Wang Geon (Later, Taejo) made a contribution as Gung Ye's subordinate. However, Gung Ye became more and more tyrannical and finally killed his own wife and son. Also he insisted that he was Maitreya (the future Buddha). Meanwhile, Wang Geon increased his power as he conquered Geumsung area in Later Baekje. Finally, some people who followed Wang Geon broke out the rebellion and he named the dynasty as Goryeo and changed its capital city to Song-ak. 

Goryeo made the policy to win the favor of people and maintained good relationship with Silla. As a result, Silla surrendered unconditionally to Goryeo. Meanwhile, Later Baekje collapsed by itself as princes fought each other over uccession to the throne. Because of the internal conflict, Later Baekje became weaker and weaker and was conquered by Goryeo. Finally, Goryeo united the Later Three Kingdoms again (936) and accomplished re-unification of Korean people. 
Taejo made important policies. First, he insisted that Goryeo should expand its territory to further North. It is because he succeed to Goguryeo (ancient Korean kingdom founded in 37 BC–668) and Goguryeo had the biggest territory in Korean history. So, Taejo named the dynasty as Goryeo from Goguryeo and tried to take back the territory of Goguryeo. He emphasized the importance of Sukyung area because it is placed in the North part and kept in check Gu Ran (kind of Mongolian) that made an effort to come down to Goryeo. Later, all of these policies contributed to expanding its territory to Apnok River. Taejo unified all people from different Korean kingdoms (Baekje, Silla, Goguryeo, Balhae). Because of this policy, Goryeo is considered to have united Korea.


Zhejiang University

Zhejiang University, in Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, is one of the most famous and oldest universities in China. The Chinese also call it "Zheda" or "Zju" for short. Known as the “Cambridge of the East”, it is one of the universities that was involved in Project 211 and Project 985 in the first group, and also a member of C9 League. 
What's more, it also be selected as the member of the Project 111 and Project Zhufeng 

The current Zhejiang University was formed officially in 1998, but the main root of it, Qiushi Academy, dates back to 1897 in Qing Dynasty. At that time, Qiushi Acedamy was one of the earliest modern academies of higher education in China. During 1901 to 1927, the name of Qiushi Academy was changed a lot of times as Zhejiang Academy, Zhejiang Advanced College, Yuying Academy, etc. In 1928, it was officially named as National Zhejiang University. After the War of Resistance Against Japan broke out in 1937, Zhejiang University started to move to the west of China, which is called “Long March of Culture”. Under the leading of Chu Kochen, Zhejiang University was directed towards one of the leading universities in China and attained a series of achievement in teaching and researching. And in 1944, it was honored as “Oriental Cambridge” by Joseph Needham, the famous British scholar who visited Zhejiang University twice. As the Resistance Against Japan went to the end, Zhejiang University moved back to Hangzhou at 1946 and in 1951 it already became a comprehensive university. In 1952, due to the nationwide Renovation of educational systems, Zhejiang University was restructured and separated into 15 institutions. Up to the four universities with the same semester merged into the new Zhejiang University in 1998, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou University, Zhejiang Agricultural University, Zhejiang Medical University focused on the research and teaching in their own field and trained a large number of outstanding professionals. And finally at Sep.15th 1998, the new Zhejiang University was formed and developed rapidly during the past 12 years and made every effort to build itself as one of the first-class university in the world. 

The Motto of Zhejiang University is ”Seeking Truth and Innovating ” (Chinese 求是創新).
“Seeking truth” can trace to the main root of Zhejiang University ---“Qiushi Academy”. The first time it was formally put forwards at 10th. Nov. 1938, the opening ceremony in Guangxi Yishan by President Coching Chu, and the motion was carried in the regular meeting of school affairs. Since then the Scientific Spirit, Dedicated Spirit, Revolutionary Spirit and innovative spirit derived from Qiushi Spirit. 
At 5th. May. 1988, in the meeting of school affairs hosted by the President Lu Yongxiang, “Innovating” was added into the School Motto, which emphasis the pioneering and innovative spirit in the new historical conditions.

The logo consists of two circles. The “Zhejiang University” written in both Chinese and English signify that Zhejiang University has already opened to the word. And the “1987” means that the year Zhejiang University was founded. In the middle of the logo, there is a flying eagle named “Qiushi”, which suggests that the staff and students in Zhejiang University inherit and develop the traditional “Qiushi” Spirit, do their best to realize the great rejuvenation of Chinese nation.




Sigebert IV de Franks

Sigebert IV Plantard and Sigebert IV de Raze (c. 671 – 758) is a fictional prince of the Franks. He is supposed to be the son of king Dagobert II and Gesela de Raze, a Visigothic princess.

According to the pseudohistorical Dossiers Secrets d'Henri Lobineau alone, he was had Visigothic and Basque lineage. In 676, his father Dagobert II was murdered. Sigebert was moved to Raze, in Aquitaine, by his sister, and took the name of Plantard. At this time, Aquitaine was under the Visigoth and Basque influence. In 758 he was dead, aged 88. In some accounts, he was an ancestor of Geoffrey de Bouillon.

In fact, the story of Sigebert IV is only a hoax created by Pierre Plantard, who claimed to be a descendant of Sigebert IV. Asked in 1993 by French Justice, he admitted the hoax.

Chlamydia (bacterium)

Chlamydia is a genus of bacteria that are obligate intracellular parasites. Chlamydia infections are the most common bacterial sexually transmitted infections in humans and are the leading cause of infectious blindness worldwide.

Clostridium difficile

Clostridium difficile is a species of bacteria. It is often called "C. diff" (pronounced "see diff"). It is a gram-positive bacteria which belongs to the genus "Clostridium". 

"C. diff "can live in the human colon (the large intestine) without causing any problems. About 2-5% of adults have "C. diff" living in their colons. However, in some people, "C. diff "causes serious illness. In these people, "C. diff "bacteria grow out of control in the colon. The bacteria attack the lining of the intestines. This causes a problem called "C. diff "colitis. Colitis is inflammation (swelling) of the colon.

"C. diff "infection is getting more and more common in hospitals, nursing homes, and other health care facilities. It kills about 14,000 people a year just in the United States. 

The most common symptom of "C. diff "infection is severe diarrhea. "C. diff "infection can also cause fever, belly pain, loss of appetite (not wanting to eat), and nausea. 

Some cases of "C. diff" infection are not very serious. In other cases, people get very sick and even die. When people experience severe diarrhea from "C. diff" infection, they may become badly dehydrated (not have enough fluid in their bodies). This can damage the kidneys leading to renal failure. "C. diff" bacteria can also eat a hole in the intestines (perforation), which is very dangerous.

Once a person has "C. diff" infection, they can spread the infection to other people. "C. diff "can live for a long time on surfaces like doorknobs, sheets, and medical equipment. If a person with "C. diff "infection does not clean their hands, they can spread the bacteria to other people on their hands.

"C. diff" infection usually happens in people who are taking antibiotic medicine. Usually, the intestines are filled with good, healthy bacteria. These healthy bacteria keep "C. diff" bacteria under control. If antibiotic medicines kill the healthy bacteria, "C. diff" bacteria can grow out of control.

"C. diff" infection is also more common in:
"C. diff "infection can be treated with some antibiotic medicines. However, "C. diff" is an antibiotic-resistant bacteria. This means that many antibiotic medicines cannot kill "C. diff". This can make "C. diff" infection very difficult to treat. Many people with "C. diff" infection have relapses (they get better for a while, but then get sick again). This happens to about one in every five people with "C. diff" infection. 

Usually, doctors try an antibiotic called metronidazole as the first treatment for "C. diff" infection. About three in every four people with "C. diff" infection get better after taking metronidazole for ten days. When metronidazole does not work, doctors give other antibiotics, usually vancomycin or fidoxamacin.

In severe cases of C. diff infection which do not get better with antibiotics, doctors may do surgery to remove parts of the colon.

Fecal transplantation, especially for those with recurrent "C. diff" infections, has been shown to be more effective than oral vancomycin.

Usually, "C. diff "infection can be prevented. Hand-washing is one of the best ways to prevent "C. diff" infection. If a person has "C. diff" bacteria on their hands, they can kill the bacteria by washing their hands with soap and water. "C. diff" bacteria on surfaces (like doorknobs and medical equipment) can be killed with bleach. Many hospitals and other health care facilities have special bleach wipes which kill "C. diff". Washing sheets and clothes with bleach and detergent also kills "C. diff".

Alcohol does not kill "C. diff", so instant hand sanitizer and alcohol wipes will not keep "C. diff" bacteria from spreading.

Hospitals and other health care facilities can also use ""C. diff" precautions" to prevent "C. diff" from spreading. (Precautions are ways of being careful.) When a patient has "C. diff", health care workers can keep the bacteria from spreading by:

Composite particle

Composite particles are subatomic particles that are made of more than one quark. Simple particles like protons are actually composites of multiple quarks. Protons are known as baryons, which means that they are made of exactly three quarks. Baryons are in a family called Hadrons, which simply means that they are made of quarks. The only other subcategory of Hadrons is Mesons, which are made of one quark and one antiquark. 

Since they are made of quarks, composite particles are not so much hard balls, but rather like clouds that contain these quarks. Depending on the energy contained by the quarks, the quarks of a proton vibrate, and this gives a proton a size larger than the actual size of the three quarks combined.

For more information see: , , and the composite particles on the wiki pages.

Clostridium perfringens

Clostridium perfringens is a gram-positive bacterium of the genus "Clostridium". "C. perfringens" is ubiquitous in nature and can be found as a normal component of decaying vegetation, marine sediment, the intestinal tract of humans and other vertebrates, insects, and soil. "C. perfringens" is a human pathogen sometimes, and other times it can be ingested and not cause any harm.

TOEFL

The Test of English as a Foreign Language, or TOEFL, is a test which measures people’s English language skills to see if they are good enough to take a course at university or graduate school in English-speaking countries. It is for people whose native language is not English but wish to study in an international University. It measures how well a person uses listening, reading, speaking and writing skills to perform academic tasks. This test is accepted by more than 10 000 colleges, universities, and agencies in more than 150 countries; which means it is the most widely recognized English test in the world.

The format of the TOEFL test has been changed three times. The first was the PBT (paper-based TOEFL test). It tests listening, reading and grammar skills with a perfect score being 677 (Paper Based). Some centers where computers are not available still offer this format. The second format is the CBT (computer-based TOEFL test). People are each provided with a computer to take the test. A writing section was added as well as the three sections. The level of listening and grammar skills are automatically changed depending on a person’s English level. The third change is the iBT (Internet-based test) that is being brought in around the world which measures listening, speaking, reading and writing.

There are three procedures that people are following to take the test. First it is decided where and when you are going to 
take the test because the format of the test could be either iBT or CBT depending on location. People need to register 2–3 months in advance to get a place. Second is registration in person, online, by phone, or through email. Online registration is most common and payment will be required to complete the registration. The cost changes depending on what kind of exam is taken.

As more universities and colleges want a TOEFL more people are wanting to do the test. In Korea in 2010, nearly 115,000 people took the test to demonstrate their ability in English. This was 20% of the total for people doing the test. It is considered as one of the ways for middle or high school students to apply for the high ranked domestic universities. By studying at such an advanced level, it could help to improve their English skills to get high scores in other English exams..



Point guard

Point guard is a position in basketball. It is one of the most important positions. A point guard should maintain his team's offense by controlling the ball safely and pass the ball to the right teammate at the right time. Because of his role in the play, a point guard is usually called a commander on the court. Steve Nash, Chris Paul, Stephen Curry and John Stockton are famous point guards in the NBA.

First of all, right pass is the most important requirement to be a good point guard. A point guard's first thought should be being an excellent passer and getting the ball to his teammates for easy shots. Because the offense is usually started from a point guard who handles the ball, he should be able to find the open man, and when to pass and not pass to avoid costly turnovers and score easily.
Second, safe dribbling and ball handling are necessary. Before a point guard passes the ball to his teammates, he should carry the ball from back court to front court. To carry the ball safely without turnovers, it is important to know how to control the ball safely. And by controlling the ball safely, a point guard also can control the tempo of the game. The ability, controlling the tempo, make a point guard choose right way to offense, a fast-break or a slow-attack. Through choosing right strategy, a point guard can make chance at the right time and also save his teammate's stamina effectively. 
Third, a point guard is a coach on the court. To command proper strategy to his teammates, a point guard should understand all strategies which are commanded by his coach. This ability may help a point guard to play the game well with the right strategy at right time.
Lastly, a point guard should be a good shooter. Sometimes the game can be unfavorable, even a point guard pass well and play the game with right strategy. At this time his accurate shooting can be an escapeway from this situation. By announcing his ability to shooting accurately, a point guard can plant an awareness to opponents that they should defense him well. And it cause the decreasing of pressure to other teammates to offense. Like this, a point guard's shooting ability can be the option to offense effectively.

Han River

The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river in the Korean Peninsula. Shortly after flowing through Seoul the rover merges with the Imjin River and flows into the Yellow Sea. The total length of this river is about 514km. The Han River played an important role in Korean History. However, it is no longer actively used for navigation because it is located at the borders of the two Koreas.

The Han River originates from two rivers, the Namhan River and the Bukhan River, and it is called the Han River from which two rivers joins. The Han River is about 514 kilometers long (the fourth longest river on the Korean peninsula) and stretches over one kilometer at its broadest point. 27 bridges cross the river, connecting the north and south part of Seoul. The riverbank area is used as parks and sports facilities.

In Korean history, Han river played a central role. The rise and fall of the nation depended on taking the Han river. Especially in three kingdom period, there were fierce struggles to take the Han river. Baekje was the first to take the Han river. They recognized it as a primary waterway that links the central western region of the peninsula with the Yellow Sea. The kingdom of Goguryeo took the Han river during the reign of its King Jangsu. In 553, Silla broke its alliance with Baekje and took the control of the entire river. 

Han River has been called by different names during the period of the three kingdom period. The state of Goguryeo called it the Arisu, Baekje called it the Ugniha, while the kingdom of Silla termed it the Iha. 

There are 27 Bridges crossing the Han River in Seoul National Capital Area(Seoul, Gyeonggi, Incheon). The names of them are Ilsan Bridge, Gimpo Bridge, Haengju Bridge, Banghwa Bridge, Gayang Bridge, Seongsan Bridge, Yanghwa Bridge, Dangsan Railway Bridge, Seogang Bridge, Mapo Bridge, Wonhyo Bridge, Hangang Railway Bridge, Hangang Bridge, Dongjak Bridge, Banpo Bridge with Jamsu Bridge, Hannam Bridge, Dongho Bridge, Seongsu Bridge, Yeongdong Bridge, Cheongdam Bridge, Jamsil Bridge, Jamsil Railway Bridge, Olympic Bridge, Cheonho Bridge, Gwangjin Bridge, Gangdong Bridge, Paldang Bridge. 

Among 27 bridges, Hangang Railway Bridge was the first one to be built. It opened on July fifth, 1900. Currently, there are 27 bridges. Two bridges, World Cup Bridge and Amsa Bridge, are planned. 

Han river bridges have beautiful exterior lightings on some nights. Lightings were one in 1999, one in 2000, five in 2002, seven in 2003, five in 2004. Lights turn on 15 minutes after sunset and turn off at 11 pm.

Han River Park encompasses nearly the entire shoreline on both sides of the river. There are 12 kinds of parks around the Han River. Their names are Kwangnalua Park, Yeouido Park, Jamsil Park, Seonyudo Park, Ttuksom Park, Yanghwa Park, Jamwon Park, Mangwon Park, Banpo Park, Nanji Park, Ichon Park, Gangseo Park. 
Each park has its unique characteristics that fit the district. Yeouido Park, Jamsil Park, and Ttukseom Park are especially popular because of the ferry cruise services on Han River. Taking the ferry cruise, you can see city buildings, river area and enjoy the river breeze. Ttukseom park is famous for windsurfing and water-skiing. You can experience all sorts of lesiure sports in here. 

There are many things you can also enjoy in other Han River parks. You can enjoy yachting, boating, fishing, camping, inline skating, etc. There are also many sports facilities including soccer fields, volleyball courts, basketball courts and swimming pools.


Ball-jointed doll

A ball-jointed doll is a doll that is can have its arms and legs moved because of a ball joint. During the 1930, artist Hans Bellmer, made dolls that had ball-joints and used them in photography. In 1980, Japanese traditional doll artists used ball joints with dolls. In 1999, Japanese doll company, Volks, popularized the ball-jointed doll made of polyurethane resin.

The main feature of the ball-jointed doll is its joints. These joints are round and can be taken apart. So you can assemble the joints and body parts to make a doll. There are single-joints and double-joints that can make doll more delicate.

The eyes, wigs, clothes and make-up on the dolls can be changed and people can design their 'own' doll. 

Volks is the most popular company. There is also U-noa (Japan), D.O.D (Dream of Doll)(Korea), Luts (Korea), Blue Fairy (Korea), Iple House (Korea) and DZdoll (China).

Marado

Marado or Mara Island is the most southern island of South Korea. It is about 11km away from the Moseolpo harbor in the south coast of Jeju-do (Jeju Island). Having an area of 0.298km², the whole island is covered with natural grass so that it carries an exotic mood. The island is small enough for tourists to look around within an hour.

Marado belongs to the administrative boundaries of Gapa-ri, Daejeong-eup, Seogwipo City, Jeju Island. The population of the island is around 107, and about 30 families are living in Marado. When viewed from the sky, Marado looks just like a sweet-potato. As the wind blows all year round, everything in Marado including trees, houses, grasses lie flat on the ground. Along the coast, the island has steep cliffs with lots of holes made by rough waves. Also Marado, the island itself is designated as a natural monument of South Korea (2000).

Originally, Marado was an island called Keum Island, meaning 'forbidden island' in Korean language. It was because of the unpredictable weather and rough sea that people could not approach the island. However, people started to live in Marado since 1883. Tradition says that a man named Kim Sung Oh, who lost all his fortune in gambling made a suggestion to the county chief to let people move into Marado. As the chief let them to do so, people including Kim came to Marado and cultivated the island.

Not to mention the beautiful scenery of the island, Marado has lots of attractions. First of all, there is a monument symbolizing the most southern point of South Korea in the island. Also, a small museum named 'Chocolate Museum' is another landmark of the island. Furthermore, there is a rock called 'Janggun Rock', meaning 'the General's rock' in Korean language. People in Marado regard this rock as a guardian of the island. Lastly, the lighthouse which is registered on the map of the world is a really beautiful and charming attraction.

Community college

Community college is a type of public education institution. It provides two-year college education at reasonable tuition fees. Different forms of community colleges exist in the U.S., the U.K., Australia, the Philippines and etc.

Students enter community colleges to pursue their academics or receive a better job training. After graduating from a community college, some choose to transfer to a four-year university.

First college in India started in 1981. First community college in the U.S. is Joliet Junior College in Illinois, which was founded in 1901. The number of community colleges has grown continuously. Currently, there are 1,166 community colleges in the U.S.

Community (TV series) is American TV series about community college students’ life.


Singapore Flyer

The Singapore Flyer is the tallest ferris wheel in the world. It is next to The Float@Marina Bay. It was officially opened on April 15, 2008.


Drunken Tiger

Drunken Tiger (DT) () is a South Korean hip hop group which issued their first album in 1999. The original members of the group were Tiger JK and DJ Shine; however, DJ Shine left in 2005 after recording five albums. When DT has performances, Tiger JK takes two other rappers: Bizzy and Paloalto. Tiger JK's wife, Yoon Mirae(T), who is also a singer and rapper, often performs with DT.

Originally the name of "Drunken Tiger" was the name of a hip hop clan. Tiger JK made his debut in 1992 at Los Angeles hiphop festival. After his debut, many hiphop fellows joined the DT clan and he made a debut in Korea in 1998. The first team members were Micki Eyez and Sucram. When Tiger JK and DJ Shine joined together, they used the team name of Drunken Tiger. DT's first album was "Year of The Tiger", and the debut songs are "Do you know hip hop (Return of Tiger)" and "I want you (Sweet Talk)".

When DJ Shine left DT it caused a great concern in the Korean hip hop community. It is not known why DJ Shine quit DT. Tiger JK is the only member of DT, and he continues using the name of DT. His Tiger Clan members co-work with him, so Tiger JK made three more albums with his clan members.

Drunken Tiger has encouraged the hip hop culture in Korea by DT. Many hiphop teams are in Movement crew. Dynamic Duo, Epik High, LeeSsang and others, are the crew members of Movement. DT issued the most albums in Korea and got awards from Golden Disk, MAMA, MKMF and Korean Public Music Awards.



Nate

Nate is a South Korean web portal. It was created by SK communications. It joined with NETSGO and then with Lycos Korea in 2002. In 2003, Nate took over the online community service Cyworld. In 2009, Nate combined with Empas and became one of the most famous Korean web portals.

By 2006 users Nate had 19 million users. This dropped to 18 million by 2008. In 2009, it had 7 million users from China and 450,000 from Vietnam.

NateOn is a quick messenger provided by Nate. It topped MSN Messenger in 2005. 

NateOn is South Korean’ most used messenger. It is most popular for its direct connection with Cyworld and simple to use free text service. It provides versions for Windows as well as beta versions for Mac OS 10 and Linux.
NateOn has 22 million users. 
NateOn also allows users to talk to each other using NateOn Phone. 

Entrepôt

An entrepôt is a trading post where merchandise can be imported and exported without paying a tariff. This is often at a profit. Sometimes it is more convenient to sell to an entrepôt than to travel long distances along a trade route. The entrepôt sells the goods at a higher price to others travelling the rest of the route. In modern times customs areas have largely made such entrepôts obsolete.

This type of port should not be confused with the modern French use of the word "entrepôt" meaning warehouse.

Entrepôts date back to the middle ages. The Vikings established trade routes with entrepôts at Dublin, Wexford and Waterford. An example of a Colonial American entrepôt was in Rhode Island between 1690 and 1765.

British Malaya

British Malaya is an area around the Malay Peninsula and Singapore Strait that was colonized by the British. It was the world's largest maker of tin and rubber. There were three parts to the British Malaya; Straits Settlements, Federated Malay States, and the Unfederated Malay States. It was replaced with the Federation of Malaya in 1947 and given independence in 1957. It was formed into Malaysia in 1963.

The British started trade in this area around 1800. It became more of a British colony by the later 1800s. Malaya was an important source of rubber and other plant products. The Empire of Japan invaded and conquered Malaya and Singapore in December 1941. Malaya remained under Japanese control for the rest of World War II, with Occupied Singapore as the capital. 

Foreign direct investment

Foreign direct investment is the participation of one country's resources in another country's business. Many times people and technology are transferred between the two countries. Most foreign direct investment happens between the most developed countries; Western Europe, the US, and Japan. A foreign direct investor (someone who makes a foreign direct investment) can be a government body, a company, or an individual. China has much foreign direct investment in it from other countries. India was the second most. The United States is also a leader in foreign direct investment.

Lie Sang Bong

Lie Sang Bong is a Korean fashion designer. His designs have been worn by Beyoncé, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Lindsay Lohan.

Lie graduated from the Seoul Institute of the Arts, majoring in broadcasting and entertainment. He began as an actor, but made his debut as a fashion designer in 1983 when he won a prize in the Central Design Contest. 

In 1993 he presented his first collection, ‘The Reincarnation’, in Seoul Fashion Week. In 1999, he was nominated as ‘Best Designer of the Year’ by the mayor of Seoul because of his creativity and commercial growth. In 2002, he made his debut in Paris and successfully launched his first title, ‘The Lost Memoir’. He now works between Paris and Seoul, and his works are greatly appreciated in Europe, U.S.A and Russia.

Lie's designs are inspired from the imperial love affair of Napoleon and Josephine, Korean poetry and calligraphy, Cubism, Bauhaus design, and 1930s film noir heroines. His designs realize both aesthetic beauty and practical aspect as he pursues combination of real life and culture. His works show the beauty of women’s silhouette. They are naturally wearable and comfortable. His mix of French and Oriental ideas, creates a new and unique design based on the beauty of nature and sophisticated visual characteristic. He uses bold colours, red and violet, which give energy and freshness to his designs.

In 2006 he worked with LG to design the LG Shine Phone Lie Sang-bong Limited Edition. This phone was designed with Korean Calligraphy, Hangeul. In 2007, KT&G, the Korean tobacco firm, had him design a limited edition tobacco case, ‘Esse’ also designed with Hangeu]. Samsung also collaborated with him and exhibited Lie Sang-bong PC. In 2010, he designed custom of Kim Yuna, the World Figure Skating champion, for the ‘Festa on Ice 2010’. His appearance in "Muhandojeon" in 2006 contributed to his popularity. "Muhandojeon", which means unlimited challenge in Korean, is one of the most famous TV programs in Korea. In the program, he designed customs for the 6 entertainers and successfully made them participate in his fashion show. After his appearance in the TV program, he has been known as a Hangeul designer because all of the show was based on showing the beauty of Hangeul.

In 2013 he appeared on the KBS sports-oriented variety show "Cool Kiz on the Block" for a ping pong project where he revealed his ping pong skills. He first appeared in the 88 Seoul Olympics 25th Anniversary Special, and then joined the team for a ping pong battle in Saipan.

He is known as the "Korean Alexander McQueen" in many famous fashion magazines in the world such as Le Figaro, Telegraph, the New York Times, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Oyster, Standard and W Magazine. His art work has been shown in exhibitions in museums and fashion shows.


Han Bi-ya

Han Bi-ya (born in 1958) is a Korean traveler and writer. Born in Seoul, she attended Seungeui Girls' High School After graduating from high school, she worked as a DJ and a translator and majored English literature in Hongik University . She graduated as a special scholarship student from Hongik University and got a master's degree from the graduate school of media at the University of Utah. Han worked for the Korea branch of international public relations firm Berson-Mastella for 3 years. Her inborn ability in public relations helped in notable advance in her career, but soon she quit. She left for the 'round-the-world' trip, in order to keep the promise with her father, who died when she was 15.

Then for 7 years, she traveled around the world and her experience was published into best-selling series of "Daughter of the Wind: Three and a Half Times Around the Globe on Foot". Her travel around the Korean Peninsula 'Daughter of the Wind, A journey round Korea' also became a best-seller, making her a public figure as a famous author. Since then, Han worked as a team leader of emergency aid team in the international NGO World Vision from 2001 to 2009. In August 2009, she left again for the master's degree in the 'Fletcher school of law and diplomacy'.She was nominated a "YWCA Youth leader awards" in 2004, "One of the “100 people brightening the world”", being one of the most respected figure among youth and intellectuals.

Han Bi-ya became famous because of her book on travel around the world. During the 7 years of traveling, she preferred to go on foot to the most isolated regions. Risky adventures on the borders of Afghanistan were recorded in her books. She not only explored the scenery but also the tradition and life of the people there. She confesses that her life has entirely changed through the people she met. After she finished her travels, aiding people in danger of war and calamity is her only interest nowadays.

From the interview with the Korea Herald, Han thinks that the happiest person is the one who works for what he/she really is enthusiastic about. For her, 'courage' is not to fear when attempting to do something, and the amount of courage depends on how much the person is eager to do such thing. The life schedule of Han does not follow others. Regardless of the age, she is designing her life according to her dream and faith toward international aiding.

She is one of the most respected figures in Korea, being a role model for Korean students. She uses the term 'global home' rather than 'global village', stressing that ethnic groups of different cultures are all part of one big community. Many backpackers were inspired by Han's extraordinary life.




Arsène Lupin

Arsène Lupin is a French fictional character who appears in a book series of crime fiction novels written by French writer Maurice Leblanc, as well as a number of sequels and movie, television, stage play and comic book adaptations.

He made his debut in July 1905 in his first series, "L'Arrestation d'Arsène Lupin" (). The adventure of this bold thief earns a controversial reputation — the rage or fury of police officers who keep missing him on the scene of robbery, and even in the jail, and the admiration from citizens who love to check up on the newspapers to see if there's any article about his great robberies. Lupin is portrayed as patriotic, romantic, audacious, self-respecting, and respectful to women.

Lupin was born in 1874. His father was a gymnastics teacher and taught him boxing and fencing which later became Lupin's attacking specialties. He was raised by a nanny Victoire, and their relationship lasted until the end of the series. His parents got divorced, and his mother started working for a relative who is fairly arrogant. In the house of the relative, Lupin robs a necklace as revenge. Until eighteen, he had been learning law, medicine, acting, and martial arts. His journey as a thief starts at age eighteen.

In addition to his real name, he likes using several fake names, such as Sernine and Perenna. They have different jobs, which vary from famous traveller to retired general. He sometimes disguises himself as a detective, and solves lots of mysterious incidents, and becomes famous. He usually buys a kind of identification card from an unknown and recently dead man, and uses his name.

The ending of his life is not clear, because the author, Maurice Leblanc, was dead in 1941 before completing "Le Dernier Amour d'Arsène Lupin" (), the 21st volume of the series. Leblanc was presented the French Legion of Honour award for inspiring the patriotism and pride of French people by his Lupin series. He bought a house in Etretat and named it "Le Clos Lupin" (the vacation of lupin), which is still famous as a tourist attraction.


Robert Bortuzzo

Robert Bortuzzo (born March 18, 1989) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bortuzzo was picked up by the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League in 2006 after leading the Fort William North Stars of the Superior International Junior Hockey League to a league championship, a Dudley Hewitt Cup, and an overtime away from playing in the 2006 Royal Bank Cup final.

Bortuzzo was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 3rd Round (78th overall) of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. He played junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League for the Kitchener Rangers. In his three years with the Rangers he recorded 49 points and 152 penalty minutes in 138 games.

Bortuzzo won the Hamilton Spectator Trophy in his second year as a member of the 2007–08 Kitchener Rangers.

Marc Chorney

Marcus P. Chorney (born November 8, 1959 in Fort William (now Thunder Bay), Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.

Chorney played four seasons of college hockey at the University of North Dakota. He was named to the NCAA All-Tournament team in 1980, and two first All Star teams in 1981. He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh Penguins who drafted him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft. Chorney was traded to the Los Angeles Kings for a 6th round choice (Stuart Marston) in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. After spending a season with the Kings, he was signed by the Washington Capitals but failed to earn a spot on the roster.



Gerry Davey

John Gerald Davey (September 5, 1914 – February 12, 1977) is a former ice hockey player who played in the English National League (ENL). He also played for the Great Britain national ice hockey team which won the gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics (see Ice hockey at the 1936 Winter Olympics). He is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.

Although born in Barking, England, Davey learned to play ice hockey in Port Arthur, Ontario with the Elmwood Midgets after his family emigrated there when he was a child.

When he was 16-years-old, Davey's mother returned with him to England in 1931. He got a place with the Princes club playing in the English League with the help of a London newspaper. After a short time with ZSC Lions in Switzerland, he returned to the UK to play with Streatham in 1933 before eventually moving on to play with the Falkirk Lions in the Scottish National League between 1938 and 1940, whom he also coached in 1938–39.

During World War II, Davey joined the Royal Canadian Navy continuing to play ice hockey in the Toronto Services League. After the war in 1946, Davey returned to Streatham where he took up playing in defence having previously played right wing. Davey then moved the Wembley Lions the following year for the 1947–48 season. Davey then turned his hand to refereeing before returning to playing for a brief spell during the 1949–50 season with the Streatham Royals in the Intermediate League.

After arriving in England, Davey made an immediate impact with the Princes club and was selected to play for the GB national team in the 1932 European Championships held in Berlin. The team finished the tournament in seventh position with Davey scoring seven of the team's eleven goals.

Davey went on to play for the GB national team at all the international tournaments between 1932 and 1939, most notably the team which took part in the 1936 Winter Olympics. Having fallen ill, Davey came back from his sick bed to score 40 seconds into the game against Canada – which GB won 2–1 – helping the team along the way to securing the gold medal.

Davey also helped the GB team to a bronze medal in the 1935 World Championships, which also earned a silver medal in the European Championships, and a silver medal in the 1937 and 1938 World Championships. Following World War II, Davey again represented GB at the 1948 Winter Olympics when they finished in sixth place.

Davey scored a total of forty-three goals for the GB national team, a record which still stands.





K1A1 tank

The K1A1 is a remodeled and upgraded version of K1, the main battle tank of the South Korean army. It looks similar to the K1 tank. The first test model, made by Hyundai, was shown to the public on April 3, 1996. It went through performance tests for two years from 1999 to 2001. Production began on October 13, 2001. It is planned to produce 484 of them by 2010. The K2 Black Panther is planned to replace it after that.

The reason for the upgrade was to increase the fire power of the K1. The main 105mm gun was replaced with the M256 120mm gun. The M256 122mm has 1.5 times the range and 1.7 times stronger fire power than the older gun. It also changed its armor, called Korean Special Armor Plate (KSAP), which greatly improved its side shield.

The K1A1 weighs about 53.2 tons and can seat four people. Besides the main gun, there are two kinds of machine guns, 12.7mm K6 and two 7.62mm M60s as secondary arms. Guns and a turret are able to move independently of the main body. This improves its accuracy rate.

The K1A1 is designed for Korea’s mountainous land. It provides a smoother ride as well as higher speed driving on a sloping hill, compared to the K1. The maximum speed is around 65km/h on the level ground, 40km/h on the mountains. Its fire control system involves KCPS (Korea Commander’s Panoramic Sight), KGPS (Korean Gunners Primary Sight), digital ballistic calculator, and some minor factors. The notable fact is that the development of this system was mostly done by Korean technology.

Art Child

Arthur John Child (September 15, 1915 – June 30, 1996) was a British goaltender who played professional ice hockey in the United Kingdom. He was the backup goaltender for the GB national ice hockey team which won gold at the 1936 Winter Olympics (see Ice hockey at the 1936 Winter Olympics). Child himself did not take to the ice during the tournament and was not awarded a gold medal. He is a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.

British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame entry 

Freddie Dunkelman

Frederick F. "Freddie" Dunkelman (February 5, 1920 – July 23, 2010) was a British ice hockey player who competed at the 1948 Winter Olympics. In St. Moritz he was a member of the British team that placed fifth in the ice hockey tournament. He was born in East Ham, Greater London and was a member of the Harringay Greyhounds. In 1946 he founded Dunkelman & Son Ltd, now known as Dasco Shoe Care, in Battersea to manufacture and sell ice hockey sticks, but moved into the shoe trade in 1950 and to a new location in Desborough in 1969. He retired from the business after 61 years in 2007.

Zhuyin

Zhuyin Fuhao, often shortened as zhuyin and commonly called bopomofo, is a type of sound-based writing for the Chinese language. In Chinese, "bo", "po", "mo" and "fo" are the first four of the conventional ordering of available syllables. As a result, the four syllables together have been used to refer to many different phonetic systems. For Chinese speakers who were first introduced to the Zhuyin system, "bopomofo" means "zhuyin fuhao".

The zhuyin characters are represented in typographic fonts as if drawn with an ink brush (as in Regular Script). They are encoded in Unicode in the bopomofo block, in the range U+3105 ... U+312D.

After the overthrow of China's last emperor during the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, the new government in China created Zhuyin to help the common people read more easily. However, the Chinese Communist Party, including Mao Zedong himself, wanted to ban writing Chinese characters altogether and replace them with the Latin alphabet. When the People's Liberation Army defeated the Kuomintang (the founding party of the Republic of China) in 1949 and sent them off to exile in Taiwan, the use of Zhuyin dropped in mainland China because the CPC was interested in using the Latin alphabet for writing Chinese phonetically. However, Zhuyin is still widely used in Taiwan as it is used to type Chinese on computer and phone keyboards.

Zhuyin was made to closely represent the sounds of Mandarin Chinese. Symbols are divided into two categories, the initials (the first sounds in a syllable) and the finals (the main vowel, the glide consonants ([y/i; IPA:/j/] and [w/u; IPA:/w/]) that come before the main vowel and all the sound that comes after it). There are 4 tone marks to represent the 5 Mandarin tones.

Heo Jeong

Heo Jeong (, April 8, 1896 – September 18, 1988) was a South Korean politician and independence activist. In 1948 he was the second Transportation Minister of South Korea. In 1950 he was Social Affairs Minister, in 1951 Prime Minister (Acting) of South Korea, and in 1952 Government Services Minister.

In 1957 he was the eighth Mayor of Seoul City until 1959. On April 19, 1960, he became Foreign Affairs Minister. On April 25 his ministries involved being Acting President of South Korea. In June 1960 he became the sixth Prime Minister of South Korea. His nickname was YooYang (우양).


Köpenick

Köpenick part of the German capital city of Berlin. It is at the meeting place of two rivers, the Dahme and Spree.

It is known for the famous imposter Wilhelm Voigt, the "Captain of Köpenick".

Köpenick was an independent town until 1920. It then became a borough of Berlin, with an area of , making it Berlin's largest borough. In 2001, the borough of Köpenick was merged with that of Treptow to create the current borough of Treptow-Köpenick.
A lot of Köpenick's area is covered with forests and water, such as the Müggelsee lake.

The Spree connects Köpenick with the Müggelsee and the Berlin city centre. The Oder-Spree Canal links the Dahme, at nearby Schmöckwitz, with the Oder river, at Eisenhüttenstadt, thus providing a navigable connection between Köpenick and the Oder.

There are so many forests and parks in Köpenick is sometimes called the "green lungs" of Berlin. The Müggelberge hills in the south-east of Köpenick reach , making them the highest natural point of Berlin.

Köpenick is divided into 8 zones:

For many years Köpenick was an independent town. Its was first mentioned as a stronghold in 1209. This means Köpenick is older than Berlin-Cölln, which was first mentioned in a 1237 deed. For the most part of Köpenick's history, the town was known as "Cöpenick".

In 1631, during the Thirty Years' War, the emissaries of George William, Elector of Brandenburg went to Köpenick to meet the approaching army of Gustav Adolph, King of Sweden, to try to stop the devastation of Brandenburg.

In 1906, a shoemaker called Wilhelm Voigt pretended to be a Prussian officer and took over the town hall of Köpenick. A play was made about the event, and later several films and television shows.

The Stadion An der Alten Försterei is home of the 1. FC Union Berlin football club.


Clotilde of France

Marie Clotilde of France (23 September 1759 – 7 March 1802) was Queen of Sardinia as wife of Charles Emmanuel IV. She was the sister of Louis XVI. On 10 April 1808, Pope Pius VII, declared Queen Clodile a Venerable the causes of her beatification and canonization continue.

Baptied as "Marie Adélaïde Clotilde Xavière", she was born at Versailles and known as Madame Clotilde. She was a daughter of Louis, Dauphin of France, only son of Louis XV with the popular Queen Marie Leczinska, and Maria Josepha of Saxony. Because she was overweight, Marie Clotilde was nicknamed "Gros-Madame". She was raised with her sister Élisabeth.

On 27 August 1775, Louis XVI had his sister Marie Clotilde married in Versailles to Charles Emmanuel, Prince of Piedmont, eldest son of Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia and of his wife Maria Antonia of Spain. Marie Clotilde had been taught Italian while at Versailles. In Savoy, jokes were made about her weight. Although the union was political, Marie Clotilde and Charles Emmanuel were devoted to each other. However they had no children.

In 1796, her husband became king. Marie Clotilde and her husband fled to Naples and lived as guests of the wealthy Colonna. Marie Clotilde died on 7 March 1802. Charles Emmanuel later abdicated on 4 June 1802 in favour of his younger brother, Victor Emmanuel. Marie Clotilde was buried in the Church of Santa Caterina a Chiaia in Naples.


Brooks Orpik

Richard Brooks Orpik (born September 26, 1980) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman. He most recently played for the Washington Capitals where he was an alternate captain. He has also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Before playing in the NHL, Orpik played 3 years of college hockey at Boston College with the Eagles.

He was drafted with the 18th overall pick by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. His made his NHL debut with the Penguins during the 2002–03 NHL season, playing in 6 games and recording no points. On July 2, 2008, the Penguins signed Orpik to a six-year, $22.5 million contract. On June 12, 2009, Orpik was able to win the Stanley Cup with the Penguins when they defeated the Detroit Red Wings in Game 7.

On July 1, 2014, Orpik was signed to a 5-year, $27.5 million contract by the Washington Capitals.

On June 25, 2019, Orpik announced his retirement from professional hockey following 15 NHL seasons.


Louis, Dauphin of France (son of Louis XV)

Louis of France (Louis Ferdinand; 4 September 1729 – 20 December 1765) was the only surviving son of King Louis XV of France and his wife, the popular Queen Marie Leszczyńska. He was the Dauphin of France all his life. He was the father of three kings of France, Louis XVI, Louis XVIII and Charles X.

Louis was born at the Palace of Versailles. As the heir apparent to the throne of France, he was given the traditional title of Dauphin of France.

Louis' governess was Madame de Ventadour. From an early age Louis took a great interest in the military arts. He was very close to his three oldest sisters.

In 1744 Louis XV negotiated a marriage between his fifteen year old son and the nineteen year old Infanta Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain, daughter of King Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. The marriage contract was signed 13 December 1744 and the marriage was celebrated by proxy at Madrid 18 December 1744 and in person at Versailles 23 February 1745. Louis and Maria Teresa Rafaela were well matched and had a real affection for each other. They had one daughter Princess Marie Thérèse who died before reaching adulthood and killed her mother. 

On 10 January 1747 Louis was married by proxy at Dresden to Maria Josepha of Saxony, the fifteen year old younger daughter of Frederick Augustus II, Prince-Elector of Saxony and King of Poland and his wife, Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria. A second marriage ceremony took place in person at Versailles on 9 February 1747.

Louis died of consumption at Fontainebleau in 1765 at the age of thirty-six. Louis was buried in the Cathedral of Saint-Étienne in Sens his heart being buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis.

Theo Ratliff

Theophilus Curtis Ratliff (born April 17, 1973 in Demopolis, Alabama) is a retired American basketball player that played a total of 20 seasons in the NBA.

He went to University of Wyoming for college where he played basketball with the Cowboys. During his NBA career, Ratliff played for the Detroit Pistons, Philadelphia 76ers, Atlanta Hawks, Portland Trail Blazers, Boston Celtics, Minnesota Timberwolves, San Antonio Spurs, Charlotte Bobcats and the Los Angeles Lakers.


Marie Leszczyńska

Marie Leszczyńska (Trzebnica, 23 June 1703 – Versailles, 24 June 1768) was a queen of France as wife of Louis XV. In France, she was referred to as Marie Leczinska. She was the longest serving Queen consort of France.

Born Maria Karolina Zofia Felicja Leszczyńska h. Wieniawa, she was the second daughter of Stanisław Leszczyński and his wife Katarzyna Opalińska.

Maria was on a list of 99 eligible European princesses to marry the young king. The marriage by proxy took place on 15 August 1725 in the cathedral of Strasbourg, Louis XV being represented by his cousin Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans. She had nine children. Marie had a very close relationship to her children.

On 4 September 1725, she married Louis XV of France. They had eleven children:


Queen Marie never managed to acquire any political influence. Marie was a devout Roman Catholic. She was also a great lover of music and painting and the protector of many artists. Marie died at Versailles on 24 June 1768, six years before her husband. Her family sincerely grieved her death. She was buried at the Basilica of St Denis, and her heart was deposed at the church of Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours in Nancy (Lorraine).

Photocatalysis

Photocatalysis is using light as a catalyst to increase the rate of a photoreaction. Most known photoreactions begin when light creates a free radical in the reaction system. Light can have a lot of energy and is able to break chemical bonds. For example some things fade or lose their color when left in sunlight. When light breaks the chemical bonds, free radicals are produced. A free radical is a molecule, atom or an ion that needs an electron. The free radical will take electrons from other molecules or atoms and this starts chemical reactions.

Photo- is a prefix showing that light is involved.
Photolysis is when light cuts (breaks bonds) of a molecule.
In a chemical reaction there are reactants also called reagents that you begin with. Once the reaction takes place you have products. In the example below methane 
(CH) and oxygen (O) are the reactants and carbon dioxide (CO) and water (HO) are the products.

"CH + 2O → CO + 2HO"

Catalysis is using a catalyst to change the rate of a chemical reaction. For the reactants to become the products the reaction must overcome an energy barrier. This energy barrier is known as the activation energy (E). For example, when you lit the methane gas you are providing the activation energy to burn(react). 

Rate is how fast or slow a chemical reaction happens.

Catalyst is a substance present but not consumed in a reaction like the other reagents while increasing the rate of the reaction. The graph below shows the catalyst’s effect on the activation energy. The Y (vertical) axis shows the activation energy while the x (horizontal) axis shows the reaction over time. With no catalyst present (black line) the reaction has a higher energy to overcome. In the presence of a catalyst (red line) the activation energy is reduced.
In a vacuum light travels at c, c= 2.99792458X108 m/s that’s 186,000 miles in one second.

The up and down pattern is how we show light. The high points are called crests and the low are called troughs. Light has three characteristics that we use to describe it. Wavelength (λ) is the distance between two peaks that are next to each other. Frequency (ν) is the number of times a unit of light can pass by a point over time. Amplitude is the vertical distance between a peak and the next trough. 

Photocatalysis is getting more attention from the scientific community due to the “green movement” 
An example of organometallic research is mimicking photosynthesis. Photosynthesis is the process that plants use to make sugar for food. Plants use only carbon dioxide gas from the air, water and sunlight. Plants actually have an organometallic molecule containing Mn that helps them perform this reaction. Scientists hope to make an organometallic molecule that can make organic products like fuels using only carbon dioxide, water and light. If this process could be harnessed it could dramatically reduce pollution, because the carbon you make your fuel with is the carbon dioxide from the air. 

X-ray crystallography

X-ray crystallography is a way to see the three-dimensional structure of a molecule. The electron cloud of an atom bends the X-rays slightly. This makes a "picture" of the molecule that can be seen on a screen. It can be used for both organic and inorganic molecules. The sample is not destroyed in the process.

Science writer Maggie Koerth ( on regular Wikipedia) provides an analogy: 
X-ray crystallography was jointly invented by Sir William Bragg (1862–1942) and his son Sir Lawrence Bragg (1890–1971). They won the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1915. Lawrence Bragg is the youngest to be made a Nobel Laureate. He was the Director of the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge University, when the discovery of the structure of DNA was made by James D. Watson , Francis Crick , Maurice Wilkins, and Rosalind Franklin in February 1953.

The oldest method of X-ray crystallography is X-ray diffraction (XRD). X-rays are fired at a single crystal and the way they are scattered produces a pattern. These patterns are used to work out the arrangement of atoms inside the crystal.

Crystals are regular arrays of atoms, meaning that the atoms are repeated over and over in all three dimensions. X-rays are waves of electromagnetic radiation. When X-rays meet atoms, the electrons in the atoms cause the X-rays to scatter in all directions. Because the X-rays are emitted in all directions, an X-ray striking an electron produces secondary spherical waves emanating from the electron. The electron is known as the "scatterer". A regular array of scatterers (here the repeating pattern of atoms in the crystal) produces a regular array of spherical waves. Although these waves cancel one another out in most directions, they add up in a few specific directions, determined by Bragg's law:

Here "d" is the spacing between diffracting planes, formula_2 is the incident angle, "n" is any integer, and λ is the wavelength of the beam. These specific directions appear as spots on the diffraction pattern called "reflections". Thus, X-ray diffraction results from an electromagnetic wave (the X-ray) hitting a regular array of scatterers (the repeating arrangement of atoms within the crystal).


NMR spectroscopy

NMR (Nuclear Magnetic Resonance) spectroscopy is a type of spectroscopy that allows chemists to see the structure of a molecule. Certain atoms' nuclei have certain magnetic properties when placed in a strong magnetic field. Atoms like carbon, hydrogen, and fluorine can be detected in this way.

A chemical sample is prepared by placing a tiny amount of the sample in an NMR tube. It is dissolved in a special solvent like heavy water (see deuterium) or chloroform-d, then the tube is placed into the NMR machine. The machine is a large magnet, like an MRI. Some atoms in the sample will become excited when it is in the magnet, and when the sample is removed, the atoms will go back to a lower energy state. A computer connected to the NMR can detect this change in excitement and it will cause different peaks and bumps to appear on the NMR diagram. A chemist can print this diagram and study the various peaks. 

Most NMR machines can only detect excitement from one type of atom. For example, an H NMR can only "see" hydrogen atoms. A C NMR can only see activity from carbon atoms.

An NMR diagram displays an x-axis with units of parts per million, or "shift." Peaks that occur farther to the left in the diagram (these peaks are said to be shifted downfield) represent hydrogen atoms that are closer to electronegative atoms like oxygen or nitrogen, or connected to an aromatic (benzene) ring. Hydrogen atoms that are adjacent to other hydrogen atoms can split peaks as well. If there are n hydrogen atoms "next door" to a single one, that single one's peak will be split into n+1 peaks. For example, if a hydrogen atom is adjacent to three others, that hydrogen atom will be split into 4 smaller peaks, called a quartet. Hydrogen atoms that are part of O-H or N-H bonds won't be split, but they will appear on the diagram as a rounded lump, called a broad peak. By looking at all these factors in a diagram, a chemist can figure out what compounds are in their sample, and they can determine if the compound they have made is pure. 

Mercury(I) sulfate

Mercury(I) sulfate, also known as mercurous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgSO. It has mercury and sulfate ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

Mercury(I) sulfate is a whitish-yellow solid. It is not soluble in water. It does dissolve in dilute nitric acid.

It is made by dissolving a large amount of mercury in concentrated sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting mercury(I) nitrate with any sulfate or sulfuric acid.


Italian Renaissance art

Italian Renaissance art is a style of painting and sculpture that began in the late 13th century (1200s) with the work of the painter Giotto and a sculptor Nicola Pisano. The Renaissance way of painting and sculpting did not become the usual style until about 100 years later. From 1400 to about 1600 many artists in Italy used and developed the style. Leonardo da Vinci is a very famous example of an artist in this style. 

The city of Florence is a birthplace of the Renaissance and in particular, of Renaissance art. 

Italian Renaissance painting can be divided into four periods: 

The Proto-Renaissance begins with the works of the painter Giotto and includes Taddeo Gaddi, Orcagna and Altichiero and the sculptor Nicola Pisano. 
The Early Renaissance was the time of the painters Masaccio, Fra Angelico, Uccello, Piero della Francesca and Verrocchio, and the sculptors Ghiberti and Donatello. 
The High Renaissance was the time of Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael and Titian as well as Michelangelo who was famous as a sculptor and as a painter.
The Mannerist period was the time of Andrea del Sarto, Pontormo and Tintoretto and the sculptors Giambologna and Cellini. 

 
Cosimo de' Medici was intelligent, deeply religious, very rich, and wanted to be remembered as a man who did great things for Florence. He was a great patron of the arts and learning. He paid artists to make many beautiful paintings and sculptures. He collected many books, that were given to the Friary of St Mark so that a library could be made and many people could use them. After Cosimo, his sons Piero and Giovanni, and his grandsons Lorenzo and Giuliano continued to be patrons of the arts and of learning. They gathered a group of philosophers, poets and artists together in the "Medici Academy".


Cunard Line

Cunard Line is a shipping company that was founded in 1840 and runs cruise ships all over the world.

Cunard was formed in 1840 by Samuel Cunard after he decided to start a company that would carry mail from England to the United States. England paid for the costs of this service, since the country wanted a more regular service than the sailing ships of the time could do. Cunard started with four steam ships that made crossings of the Atlantic Ocean once a week. The company became known for its record of good safety–while ships of other companies often sank, killing many people, these sorts of things rarely happened to Cunard.

By the early 1900s, though, Cunard was faced with many other ships from several countries also competing with it for passengers going across the Atlantic. This caused the company to build three new ships, larger and faster than the ones before them. They were named RMS "Mauretania", RMS "Lusitania" and RMS "Aquitania". Theses ships made Cunard back into a leading shipping line, even though "Lusitania" was sunk during World War I by a German submarine, killing 1,200 people.

In 1934, another big Cunard ship, the RMS "Queen Mary", began service. She was the largest ship ever built at that time. During World War II, "Queen Mary" and another new ship like her, "Queen Elizabeth", carried many soldiers to support England and the US.

By the 1960s, people preferred to cross the Atlantic by jet airplanes rather than by ships, so Cunard sold most of their ships, or made them cruise ships instead of ocean liners. Cunard still decided to build one new ocean liner, though, RMS "Queen Elizabeth 2". She started service in 1969 and became a very popular ship because she made both cruises and crossings of the Atlantic.

In 1998, Carnival Corporation bought Cunard. Soon after, the company decided to build a new ocean liner that would make both cruises and Atlantic crossings like "Queen Elizabeth 2", but would be bigger. This ship entered service in 2004 and is named RMS "Queen Mary 2".

Cunard operates three ships as of 2010, and has operated many more in the past. The three that are in service are RMS "Queen Mary 2", MS "Queen Victoria", and MS "Queen Elizabeth".

In 2017, Cunard announced a fourth ship would join its fleet. The new ship, named "Queen Anne", was originally going to enter the fleet in 2022, but will now join in 2024 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Emulsifier

An emulsifier is an additive which helps two liquids mix. For example, water and oil separate in a glass, but adding an emulsifier will help the liquids mix together. Some examples of emulsifiers are egg yolks and mustard. An emulsifier consists of a water-loving hydrophilic head and an oil-loving hydrophobic tail. The hydrophilic head is directed to the aqueous phase and the hydrophobic tail to the oil phase. The emulsifier positions itself at the oil/water or air/water interface and, by reducing the surface tension, has a stabilising effect on the emulsion.

Emulsifiers belong to the surfactants, usually with a grease-loving (lipophilic) and a water-loving (hydrophilic) part, which can nest around boundary layers between aqueous and greasy parts. Grease and water repel each other, making an emulsion without emulsifier easily fall apart. An emulsifier prevents this rejection because it projects the water-loving side towards the water and the fat-loving side towards the fat. The extent to which the hydrophilic or lipophilic character dominates is represented by the HLB value of the surfactant (HLB = Hydrophilic-Lipophilic Balance). A high HLB value (10 to 18) indicates a hydrophilic substance suitable for emulsifying fats or oils in water. Substances with a low HLB (3 to 8) are lipophilic and suitable for water-in-oil emulsions.

Emulgators are used in cosmetics for example in creams and bath oils. A cream consists largely of an emulsion of fat in water or of water in fat, while a bath oil often contains an emulsifier to partially distribute the oil in the water. Without an emulsifier, the oil would float on the water. Examples of emulsifiers used in cosmetic products are glyceryl monostearate, Polysorbate 20, accasia, tragacanth agar, and pectin.

Emulsifiers are often used in food technology, for example to keep products moist or greasy (such as cakes and bread) or to mix fat-soluble substances with water, such as margarine.

An example of an emulsifier in food is lecithin. Lecithin is in egg yolk and is used for example in making mayonnaise. It ensures a good connection between fats and vinegar. In european food, various E-numbers are used in the series from E400 to E499.

N Seoul Tower

The N Seoul Tower (), officially the YTN Seoul Tower and commonly known as Namsan Tower or Seoul Tower, is a large tower in South Korea. It is part of Seoul. The country can be viewed from the tower, making it a tourist attaction. It is tall. It has cafes and observatories in it.


Utopia (disambiguation)

Utopia is an idea in philosophy. The name comes from a book by Sir Thomas More called "Utopia".

Utopia may also be:

In literature:

In computer and video gaming:

In technology:

In movie and television:

In music:

In places:


System administrator

A system administrator is a person hired by a company or organization to control technical stuff. For example, a system administrator takes care of servers to ensure they always stay online.

A system administrator also takes care of any technical products that the company or organisation purchases. They do maintenance on computers of the company that break.


Conoidasida

Conoidasida is a class of protists, It contains one order, Eucoccidiorida.

Coccidia

Coccidia is a subclass of microscopic, spore-forming, single-celled obligate parasites belonging to the apicomplexan class Conoidasida. Coccidian parasites infect the intestinal tracts of animals, and are the largest group of apicomplexan protozoa.

Larry Walters

Lawrence Richard Walters, nicknamed "Lawnchair Larry" or the "Lawn Chair Pilot", (April 19, 1949 – October 6, 1993) was an American truck driver. On 2 July 1982 he flew very high in the sky in a homemade aircraft. He called his flying machine "Inspiration I". It was made of an ordinary outdoor chair and 43 large balloons full of helium. Walters went up more than . He went from San Pedro, California into an area near Los Angeles International Airport that was only for airplanes. Many newspapers reported his flight and he became famous.

Walters had always dreamed of flying. He was unable to become a pilot in the United States Air Force because he could not see well enough. Walters had first thought of using weather balloons to fly at age 13. He got the idea when he saw the balloons hanging from the ceiling of a military surplus store. Twenty years later he decided to try it. He planned to attach a few large balloons filled with helium to his lawnchair and then float above his backyard. He planned to stay about 30 feet\9 meters up in the air for several hours. He had a pellet gun to break some balloons and move back to the ground softly.

In 1982, Walters and his girlfriend, Carol Van Deusen, bought 45 eight-foot weather balloons. They got helium tanks from California Toy Time Balloons. They used a fake letter from his employer, FilmFair Studios. It said the balloons were for a television commercial.

They went to the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro. Walters attached the balloons to his lawnchair and filled them with helium. He put on a parachute and used belts to hold himself in the chair. He took his pellet gun, a CB radio, sandwiches, cold beer, and a camera. His friends cut the rope that tied his lawn chair to his Jeep and Walters' lawnchair went up very quickly. Soon, he was 15,000 feet\4,572 meters up in the air.

At first, he was afraid to shoot any balloons. He thought he might change the way the chair pointed and fall out. He could not control which way he moved. He slowly passed over Long Beach and moved into the space where airplanes came into Long Beach Airport.

He used his CB radio to contact people on the ground. Some people made a recording of the conversation. Walters asked them to tell the airport what was happening. He also asked them to tell people he was OK.

After 45 minutes in the sky, he shot several balloons. Then he accidentally dropped his pellet gun. He went down slowly until cables hanging from the balloon got caught in an electrical power line. This caused a blackout in a Long Beach neighborhood for 20 minutes. Walters was able to climb to the ground.

The Long Beach Police Department was waiting for him. They arrested him immediately. A reporter asked Larry why he had done it. Walters said, "A man can't just sit around."

At first, Walters was fined US$4,000 for breaking U. S. Federal Aviation Regulations. Walters tried to have the fine cancelled. It was reduced to US$1,500.

Walters received the top prize from the Bonehead Club of Dallas for his adventure. He was on television programs such as "The Tonight Show" and "Late Show with David Letterman". He got a special prize in 1993 at the Darwin Awards.

The TV show "MythBusters" made a flight like Walters had done. But they used a rope to keep the chair from going too high. One of the show's hosts went up about 30m. He went back down slowly by shooting balloons with a pellet gun.

Larry gave the lawnchair from the flight to a boy named Jerry because the boy liked him. Later, Walters realized that was a mistake when the Smithsonian Institute asked him to donate it to its museum. Twenty years later, Jerry contacted Mark Barry. Barry is a pilot who wrote about Walters and made a website about his flight. The chair was still sitting in Jerry's garage and had some of the original ropes and water jugs.

Walters said that he had dreamed about flying this way for twenty years. And, that if he had not tried it, he would have become crazy. He did not think that reaching his goal in life would cause so much excitement or make so many people laugh.

After his flight, he quit his job as a truck driver. He was in a Timex print advertisement in the early '90s, He also gave speeches to help people get more confidence. But, he never made much money from being famous. Walters hiked in the San Gabriel Mountains and did volunteer work for the United States Forest Service. He broke up with his girlfriend after 15 years. He worked as a security guard sometimes.

In 1993, Walters shot himself in the heart in Angeles National Forest and died. He was 44 years old.

Kent Couch is a gas station owner from Bend, Oregon. He flew 240 miles in his lawn chair on Saturday, 7 July 2007. He landed in a field about 3½ miles NNW of North Powder, Oregon near Idaho. He travelled an average of 22 miles per hour. He tied 105 large helium balloons to his lawn chair. Couch used plastic bags filled with 75 liters water as weight to balance the balloons. Couch had a BB gun to shoot the balloons and start going down on that first flight. He tried again and learned how to let helium out of the balloons and go down more carefully. On 5 July 2008, Couch finally reached his goal. He travelled to another state and landed his lawnchair in western Idaho. The trip was 240 miles and took 9 hours and 12 minutes.

On 20 April 2008 a Brazilian Roman Catholic priest Adelir Antonio de Carli flew using a chair and 1000 helium balloons. He did not check the weather forecast and got caught in a storm. He had a GPS but did not know how to use it. He crashed into the sea. The Brazilian navy found his body near an offshore oil platform on 4 July 2008. This unsuccessful flight won him a 2008 Darwin Award.

Many other people have tried flying with balloons the same way. Some may even have gone higher than Larry did.



Upper Jurassic

The Upper Jurassic is the last geological epoch in the Jurassic that began 163.5 million years ago (mya), and ended at 145 mya. It was followed by the Lower Cretaceous.

During the Upper Jurassic epoch, Pangaea broke up into two supercontinents, Laurasia to the north, and Gondwana to the south. The result of this break-up was the spawning of the Atlantic Ocean. However, at this time, the Atlantic Ocean was relatively narrow.

Sea level was high, though not so high as during the Upper Cretaceous. The Laurasian landmass was broken up by the rising sea into large islands. The rocks were carbonate limestones and clays. The epoch included the famous Solnhofen limestone lagerstätte, where "Archaeopteryx" was found.

The Upper Jurassic of England and Europe bears a huge amount of the products of life. The Kimmeridge clay is the main source for the huge North Sea oil reserves, and the whole epoch is stuffed full of marine fossils. Many dinosaur remains have also been found. The epoch starts with the Oxford Clay deposited in a shallow seaway of 10 to 50 metres depth.

The first fossils which show small dinosaurs with feathers are found: "Anchiornis".


Mercury sulfate

Mercury sulfate can mean either of these chemical compounds:


Mercury(II) sulfate

Mercury(II) sulfate, also known as mercuric sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgSO. It has mercury and sulfate ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

Mercury(II) sulfate is a colorless solid. It reacts with hot water to make sulfuric acid and a mercury oxysulfate that does not dissolve. It is an oxidizing agent.

Mercury(II) sulfate is made by dissolving a small amount of mercury metal in concentrated sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting mercury(II) oxide with sulfuric acid.

Mercury(II) sulfate is used as a catalyst in making acetaldehyde. Some byproducts of this reaction that have mercury in them are thought to have poisoned many people in Japan (Minamata disease).


Alois Hitler

Alois Hitler (born Alois Schicklgruber, 7 June 1837 3 January 1903) was the father of Adolf Hitler. He was born in Waldviertel. His third marriage, from 1883 until his death, was to Adolf's mother, Klara who was also his niece. He was an Austrian customs official. 

He retired to a farm in 1895 and he was a beekeeper which means that he collected bees so that they could produce honey. He died of a stroke in Linz aged 65. He changed his name from Alois Schicklgruber to Alois Hitler.

Ethiopian Empire

The Ethiopian Empire, or simply Ethiopia, also known as Abyssinia by foreigners, was an empire in East Africa. It used to include modern day Ethiopia and Eritrea. When it was biggest, it controlled some parts of Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia. The official state religion of the empire was Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.

Abyssinia was mentioned in Egyptian records in 980 BC. Its king made the country Christian in the 4th century. The Solomonid dynasty ruled from 1270 to 1974 A.D., when it was overthrown by communists. At the time of its overthrow, it was the longest-lasting government in the world and one of the only two nations that did not get colonized in Africa.

Ethiopian Empire:
Ethiopia:

Mark Zuckerberg

Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born White Plains, New York, 1984) is an American who created Facebook when he was still studying computer science. The founding of Facebook made Zuckerberg a billionaire, one of the youngest and richest billionaires of all time according to Forbes.

Besides computer programming, Zuckerberg is also interested in foreign languages, especially Mandarin Chinese. Mark Zuckerberg was born at White Plains Hospital in White Plains, New York but now he lives in California.

His founding of Facebook was portrayed in the movie "The Social Network" starring actor Jesse Eisenberg in the leading role. In 2010, he said that he was going to give most of his money to charity.

In 2010, he was also named "Time's" Person of the Year. He was raised Jewish, was an atheist, but thinks different about religion nowadays. In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013.

He is married to Priscilla Chan.


Anne Christine of Sulzbach

Anne Christine of Sulzbach (Anne Christine Louise; 5 February 1704 – 12 March 1723), also called Anne of the Palatinate, was the first wife of Charles Emmanuel, Prince of Piedmont. She died as a result of giving birth.

Anne Christine was born a daughter of Theodore Eustace, Count Palatine of Sulzbach and Eleonore of Hesse-Rheinfels, daughter of William, Landgrave of Hesse-Rotenburg. 

On 15 March, 1722 at Vercelli, she married Charles Emmanuel of Savoy, Prince of Piedmont and later King of Sardinia as Charles Emmanuel III. He was the second son of Victor Amadeus II and Anne Marie d'Orléans and the heir apparent to the Savoyard throne. The following year, she gave birth to a son who was created the Duke of Aosta. She died a few days later on 12 March 1723 at the age of nineteen in Turin. Her only child died in 1725 in his second year, thus she has no descendants. She was buried at Turin Cathedral and was moved to the Basilica of Superga in Turin in 1786. 



Victor Amadeus, Prince of Piedmont

Victor Amadeus of Savoy (Vittorio Amedeo Filippo Giuseppe; 6 May 1699 – 22 March 1715) was the eldest son of Victor Amadeus II, Duke of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orléans. He was the Heir apparent of Savoy from his birth and as such was styled as the "Prince of Piedmont". He acted as Regent of Savoy from September 1713 till September 1714 in the absences of his father. He died of smallpox at the age of 15. 

He was the fifth child and first son of his parents and was baptised with the names Vittorio Amadeo Giovanni Filippo. The eldest son he would remain close to his father all his life who in turn adored his son who was named after him. Though his parents were not close he also had a close relationship with his mother

The Prince of Piedmont was born in Turin in May 1699. He would remain close to his father all his life who in turn adored his son who was named after him. He was also close to his mother. From birth he was styled as the "Prince of Piedmont". He was the brother of the Princess Maria Adelaide and Queen Maria Luisa of Spain. He acted as regent of the duchy of Savoy in 1713. He was the heir to the Kingdom of Sardinia. There were plans for him to marry Elisabetta Farnese thus linking the duchies of Savoy and Parma by marriage but a union would never take place Elisabetta later marrying Philip V of Spain. Prior to 11 April 1713 the young prince was entitled to the style of "Highness" however after this date he was raised to the style of "Royal Highness". 

Piedmont died in Turin on 22 March 1715 having caught smallpox. He was buried at the Cathedral of Saint Giovanni Battista and later moved to the Basilica of Superga outside Turin.


Hermannsdenkmal

The Statue of Herman () is a monument in the Southern part of the Teutoburg Forest, in the district of Lippe, North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.

The monument commemorates the Cherusci war chief Hermann or Armin (Latin: Arminius) and the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest in 9 AD when the Germanic tribes under Arminius fought three Roman legions and other troops under Varus. 

The sword has the following inscription:

The monument is 53.46 m (173.39 ft) tall and was built according to plans by the sculptor Ernst von Bandel.

Building for the statue was started in 1841, but was not finished until 1875 with the help of a lot of money from the state of Prussia. 

When building was started Germany was made up of lots of small countries. Most of these were united into the Second German Empire in 1871, after the Franco-Prussian War. The monument was seen as one of those heping to remind people of Germany's history and national pride.

The statue is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Germany with over 130,000 visitors a year. It is possible to climb up onto the base of the statue to look around the countryside

A similar Hermann Heights Monument exists in New Ulm, Minnesota, a town settled by German immigrants.


Mercury(II) bromide

Mercury(II) bromide, also known as mercuric bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgBr. It has mercury and bromide ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

Mercury(II) bromide is a colorless solid. It is very toxic and similar to mercury(II) chloride. It can form explosive mixtures with potassium. It also reacts violently with indium at high temperatures. It is corrosive. 

It can be made by reacting mercury(II) oxide with hydrobromic acid or by disproportionation of mercury(I) bromide.

It is used as a reagent in a reaction in organic chemistry. It is also used to test for arsenic. The arsenic is reacted with hydrogen to make arsine, which reacts with mercury(II) bromide to turn it yellow or brown.


Babirusa

The babirusas are a genus Babyrousa, in the pig family (Suidae). They live in in Wallacea, or the Indonesian islands of Sulawesi, Togian, Sula and Buru. 

They are often called deer pigs. All members of this genus were part of a single species. After the split into several species, "Babyrousa" is restricted to the Buru babirusa from Buru and Sula, whereas the best-known species, the north Sulawesi babirusa is named "B. celebensis". 

The name "pig-deer" has sometimes also been used in English, and is a direct translation of the Indonesian babi-rusa.

Mercury(II) fluoride

Mercury(II) fluoride, also known as mercuric fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgF. It has mercury and fluoride ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

Mercury(II) fluoride is a white solid. It reacts with water to make hydrofluoric acid. It breaks down when heated strongly. 

It is made by reacting mercury(II) oxide with hydrogen fluoride or hydrofluoric acid.


Mercury(I) bromide

Mercury(I) bromide, also known as mercurous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgBr. It has mercury and bromide ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

Mercury(I) bromide is a white crystalline solid. It is highly toxic. It easily disproportionates to mercury(II) bromide and mercury metal. 

It is found very rarely as kuzminite, a mercury(I) bromide and chloride.

It is made by reacting a bromide like potassium bromide or sodium bromide with mercury(I) nitrate. It can also be made by reacting mercury and bromine.


Mercury(I) fluoride

Mercury(I) fluoride, also known as mercurous fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgF. It has mercury and fluoride ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

Mercury(I) fluoride is a light yellow solid. It evaporates at 240°C. It turns black when light is shined on it. It reacts with water to make mercury metal, mercury(II) oxide, and hydrofluoric acid. It is highly toxic.

It is made by reacting mercury(I) carbonate with hydrofluoric acid.


Mercury(II) sulfide

Mercury(II) sulfide, also known as cinnabar, mercuric sulfide, and mercury sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgS. It has mercury and sulfide ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

Mercury(II) sulfide is a red or black solid. It is found in two forms; cinnabar (alpha form) and metacinnabar (beta form). The alpha form is more common. The beta form is made when a mercury(II) salt like mercury(II) chloride reacts with hydrogen sulfide. It reacts with only the strongest acids to make hydrogen sulfide and a mercury(II) salt again. It does not dissolve in water. It breaks down to sulfur dioxide and mercury metal when heated.

Mercury(II) sulfide is found as the mineral cinnabar. It is the most common mercury mineral and mercury ore. It is a bright red mineral. It is soft and heavy.

Mercury(II) sulfide is what makes the pigment vermilion. It has been used as a pigment and as a mercury ore. It was used to make lacquerware, containers covered with lacquer. It is also used in traditional Chinese medicine.


Philippe II, Duke of Orléans

Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, Grandson of France (2 August 1674 – 2 December 1723) was a member of the royal family of France and served as Regent of the Kingdom from 1715 to 1723. Born at his father's palace at Saint-Cloud, he was known from birth under the title of Duke of Chartres. His father was Louis XIV's younger brother Philippe I, Duke of Orléans, known as "Monsieur"; his mother was Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. 

In 1692, Philippe married his first cousin, Françoise Marie de Bourbon - the youngest legitimised daughter ("légitimée de France") of Philippe's uncle Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan. Named regent of France for Louis XV until Louis attained his majority in February 1723, the era of his "de facto" rule was known as the Regency (1715–1723). He died at Versailles in 1723. He is referred to historically as "le Régent".


Philippe also had several illegitimate children with several women, three of whom he acknowledged.



Philippe I, Duke of Orléans

Philippe of France, Son of France, Duke of Orléans (21 September 1640 – 9 June 1701) was the youngest son of Louis XIII of France and his queen consort Anne of Austria. His older brother was the famous Louis XIV, "le roi soleil". He was known as Monsieur at his brother's court. 

Philippe was born at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye. Styled Duke of Anjou from birth, Philippe became Duke of Orléans upon the death of his uncle Gaston, Duke of Orléans. During the reign of his brother he was known simply as "Monsieur". Openly homosexual, he married twice: firstly to Henrietta of England, "Minette", sister of Charles II of England. During their marriage, Philippe met and began a relationship with the Chevalier de Lorraine who was the great love of Philippe's life, their long relationship beginning in 1668. After the alleged poisoning of Minette, Philippe married again in 1671 to Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate, "Liselotte". 

He was the founder of the House of Orléans, a cadet branch of the ruling House of Bourbon, and thus the direct ancestor of Louis Philippe I, who ruled France from 1830 till 1848 in the July Monarchy. Through the children of both of his marriages Philippe became an ancestor of most modern-day Roman Catholic royals, giving him the nickname of "the grandfather of Europe". Philippe's other legacies include his decisive victory at the Battle of Cassel in 1677. Through careful personal administration, Philippe greatly augmented his fortune and thus the fortune of the House of Orléans.

Married Princess Henrietta of England, daughter of Charles I of England and Henrietta Maria of France, on 31 March 1661, at the Palais Royal. The couple had three children:


Married Elisabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate, daughter of Elector Palatine Charles I Louis and Landgravine Charlotte of Hesse-Kassel, on 16 November 1671 at Châlons. The couple had three children:



Yousuf Karsh

Yousuf Karsh (December 23, 1908 – July 13, 2002) was a Canadian photographer. He had Armenian heritage. He was a portrait painter. His work includes portraits of statesmen, artists, authors, musicians, film directors, scientists, and other people that do important things. He was celebrated by a festival in 2009. 

willy

Françoise Marie de Bourbon

Françoise Marie de Bourbon, "Légitimée de France", Granddaughter of France by marriage (4 May 1677 – 1 February 1749) was the youngest legitimised daughter ("fille légitimée de France") of Louis XIV of France and his mistress, Madame de Montespan. She was famed for her arrogance and belief that she was above most other people.

Originally known as the second "Mademoiselle de Blois", that style eventually gave way to the name "Françoise Marie de Blois". She married her first cousin Philippe d'Orléans in 18 February 1692 at the age of fourteen and later bore eight children, four of which would have further children.

Proud, lazy and attractive, she successfully intrigued to have her daughters marry well to the Prince of Conti, Duke of Berry, Duke of Modena and King of Spain, mostly to spite her sister Louise Françoise de Bourbon, the Duchess of Bourbon. However, she welded little political influence considering her proximity to the political circle of the era. She was involved in the Cellamare Conspiracy in 1718 which was supposed to overthrow her own husband Philippe d'Orléans as Regent of the Kingdom and replace him with her favourite brother the Duke of Maine. The "marquis d'Argenson" said she was very like her mother, Madame de Montespan, but also had Louis XIV's orderly mind with his failings of injustice and harshness.

Among her male line descendents are Philippe Egalité, Louis-Philippe I, King of the French, and Prince Henri, Count of Paris, the present Orléanist pretender to the French throne. She is also an ancestor of Juan Carlos I of Spain, Philippe, King of the Belgians, Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples, the pretender to the Italian throne.



Louis, Duke of Orléans (1703–1752)

Louis d'Orléans (4 August 1703 – 4 February 1752) was the Duke of Orléans and a "prince du sang". At his father's death, he became the First Prince of the Blood ("Premier Prince du Sang"). Known as "Louis le Pieux" and also as "Louis le Génovéfain", Louis was a pious, charitable and cultured prince, who took very little part in the politics of the time.

Louis d'Orléans was born at the Palace of Versailles in 1703 to Philippe II, Duke of Orléans and his wife, Françoise Marie de Bourbon, the youngest legitimised daughter of Louis XIV and of his mistress Madame de Montespan. At his birth, he was given the courtesy title of Duke of Chartres.

He was brought up by his mother and his grandmother, Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. Louis was very close to his younger sister Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans. Upon the death of his father on 2 December 1723, he became Duke of Orléans. 

He married Johanna of Baden-Baden (1704–1726), the daughter of Louis William, Margrave of Baden-Baden and his wife Sibylle Auguste of Saxe-Lauenburg, on 18 June 1724. The couple were very happy but Joanne died in childbirth in 1726 and Louis mourned her intensely. He never remarried. 

He died in 1752, at the age of forty-eight, at the Abbaye de Sainte Geneviève, having lost most of his sanity. He was buried at the Val-de-Grâce in Paris.



Louis Philippe, Duke of Orléans

Louis Philippe d'Orléans (12 May 1725 – 18 November 1785) was Duke of Orléans and the father of "Philippe Égalité". He greatly augmented the already huge wealth of the House of Orléans. 

"Louis Philippe d'Orléans" was born at the Palace of Versailles on 12 May 1725. As the only son of Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans and his wife Johanna of Baden-Baden. 

In 1743, his paternal grandmother, Françoise-Marie de Bourbon the formidable Dowager Duchess of Orléans, and Louise Élisabeth, Dowager Princess of Conti arranged his marriage to his seventeen-year old cousin, Louise Henriette de Bourbon. The couple was married on 17 December 1743 at Versailles.

After a few months of a passion that surprised everyone at court, the couple started to drift apart as the young Duchess of Chartres began to lead a scandalous life. 

After the death of Louise Henriette on 9 February 1759, Louis Philippe took as his mistress Étiennette Le Marquis, a former dancer who liked to act in comedy plays, and who introduced him into the world of the theater. Louis Philippe had three children with Étiennette, they were raised under the care of the Orléans family:


In spite of his liaison with Étiennette, Louis Philippe had several other mistresses until he met, in July 1766, Madame de Montesson, a witty but married twenty-eight year old. After the death of the Marquis of Montesson in 1769, Louis Philippe tried to obtain Louis XV's authorisation to marry the young widow. Finally, in December 1772, the King gave his consent on the condition that the Marquise of Montesson would never become Duchess of Orléans or succeed to any other Orléans titles. In addition, the couple was to live a quiet life away from the court. The morganatic wedding took place on 23 April 1773. 

Surrounded by all the members of his immediate family, even his three children by Etiennette Le Marquis, Louis-Philippe died on 18 November 1785, at Sainte-Assise at the age of sixty. He was buried at the Val-de-Grâce convent in Paris, built by his ancestor Anne of Austria to celebrate the birth of Louis XIV of France, Louis Philippe's great grandfather. 


Philippe Égalité

Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans ("Louis Philippe Joseph"; 13 April 1747 – 6 November 1793) commonly known as "Philippe", was a member of the House of Orléans. He actively supported the French Revolution and adopted the name Philippe Égalité, but was still guillotined during the Reign of Terror. His son Louis Philippe became King of the French after the July Revolution of 1830. He held the rank of prince of the blood. 

Louis Philippe was the son of Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Chartres, and Louise Henriette de Bourbon and was born at the Château de Saint Cloud. 

In November 1785, upon his father's death, Philippe, the new Duke of Orléans, became the head of the House of Orléans. This was one of the wealthiest families of France, and Premier Prince du Sang, addressed as "Monsieur le Prince", the most important person of the kingdom after the king's immediate family. He was next in line to the throne should the main Bourbon line die out.

On 6 June 1769, Louis Philippe married Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon at the Chapel of the Palace of Versailles. Louise Marie Adélaïde brought to the already wealthy House of Orléans a considerable dowry of six million livres, an annual income of 240,000 livres (later increased to 400,000 livres), as well as lands, titles, residences and furniture. They had five children:


During the first few months of their marriage, the couple appeared devoted to each other, but the duke went back to the life of "libertinage" he had led before his marriage. During the summer of 1772, a few months after his wife had given birth to a stillborn daughter, Philippe began a secret relationship with one of her ladies-in-waiting, Stéphanie Félicité Ducrest de St-Albin, Countess of Genlis. Stephanie was the niece of Madame de Montesson his fathers second wife.

In 1778, Philippe served in the squadron of the Count of Orvilliers. He was present in the Battle of Ushant, a naval battle against the British during the American War of Independence on 27 July 1778. He was removed from the navy due in part to the queen's hatred of him and also to his own incompetence and alleged cowardice. As compensation, he was given the honorary post of colonel-general of hussars.

The part Philippe d'Orléans played during the summer of 1789 is one of the most debated points in the history of the French Revolution. The royal court said he was at the bottom of every popular movement, and saw the ""gold of Orléans"" as the cause of the Réveillon riot and the storming of the Bastille. This was like the subsequent belief held by the Jacobins that everything opposing them relied on the ""gold of Pitt the Younger""). His hatred of Marie Antoinette, his previous disgrace at court, and his liberalism (alongside his friendship with Duport and Choderlos de Laclos), all seem to point towards his involvement. The Duke is also said to have deliberately withheld grain from the people of Paris, being a direct cause of the 5 October "March on Versailles". The Duke is also thought to have lied about where he was when the Palace at Versailles was stormed in the early hours of the morning on the 6th of October. He said he was at the General Assembly in Paris, yet several witness (including the Marquise de la Tour du Pin) saw him lead the bloodthirsty mob to a staircase leading to the Queen's bedroom, protected by Swiss Guard. The mob cried ""Long live our King d'Orléans"" during the raid.

The Marquis de La Fayette, apparently jealous of Philippe's popularity, persuaded the king to send the duke to Britain on a mission, where he remained in England from October 1789 to July 1790. On 7 July 1790, he took his seat in the National Constituent Assembly. On 2 October, both he and Honoré Mirabeau were declared by the Assembly entirely free of any involvement in the events of 5–6 October 1789.

Philippe d'Orléans tried to keep himself distant from the political world, but he was still suspect to the King and subject to pressures from his supporters to replace Louis XVI. His lack of political aspirations could be proven by noting that he did not attempt to obtain any leading position after the King's flight to Varennes in June 1791. In fact, Louis Philippe attempted to reconcile with the King in January 1792, but was rejected, and refused to aid the King any further. In an attempt to show his support of democratic and Enlightenment philosophies, he changed his name to Philippe "Citoyen Egalité", meaning equality.

This is clearly why Philippe now has his head hanging on a wall in the palace in France.

In the summer of 1792, he was present for a short time with the Army of the North, together with his two sons, the Duke of Chartres, future King of the French, and the Duke of Montpensier, but had returned to Paris before the insurrection of 10 August.

After the fall of the monarchy, Philippe risked his own life by saving suspects of the revolutionary regime. At the request of Grace Elliott, he saved the life of Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz, the governor of the Tuileries Palace, who was his personal enemy. He accepted the title "Citoyen Égalité" given to him by the Commune. He was elected 20th and last deputy for Paris to the National Convention, where he again made no notable contribution other than voting in the king's trial. He voted in support of the death sentence for Louis XVI. Many citizens of Paris saw this as an attempt by Philippe to overthrow the crown and take power himself. They believed that not only was the Palais-Royal the center for revolutionary and philosophical debates, but that it was also his ground for recruiting and financing riots and rebellious activity.

As a member of the House of Bourbon, Louis Philippe was shortlisted for a trial, and effectively tried and guillotined in the space of one day on 6 November 1793. Accounts of his time in prison and execution mention his exceptional courage.

Philippe d'Orléans was buried in the "Madeleine cemetery" (closed in 1794), in Paris, where Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette and hundreds executed on the "Place de la Révolution" during the Terror had been buried. His remains have never never found.


9×19mm Parabellum

A 9×19mm Parabellum is a nine millimeter wide bullet. It is usually used in handguns or submachine guns. The nine millimeter is often referred to as a "nine", "9mm", or "9×19". It is one of the most widely used bullets in history originating with the 9×19 Luger, invented in Germany. Many guns fire the 9mm, including the Luger, Walther P38, the Sten Mk II, the MP-40, the Uzi, the MP5, the Beretta 92, and the Glock 18. It is the standard handgun bullet for all NATO countries.

Ulvales

Ulvales is an order of green algae.

Ulvaceae

Ulvaceae is a family of green algae.

A Dangerous Path (Warriors)

A Dangerous Path is the fifth book in the "Warriors" series by Erin Hunter. It focuses on a cat named Fireheart, who is a member of a group of cats called ThunderClan.

Fireheart to struggle to care for ThunderClan, one of the five warrior Clans in the forest. Tigerstar, leader of ShadowClan tries to destroy ThunderClan. ThunderClan's leader, Bluestar, is no help at all, because she has gone insane from Tigerstar's previous betrayal. Tigerstar plans to use a pack of dogs to kill ThunderClan. He kills rabbits in ThunderClan territory, and leaves a trail from some rocks to the ThunderClan camp, with the body of a cat named Brindleface at the end, in order to lure the dogs to kill the warriors of ThunderClan. Once Fireheart discovers this, he takes ThunderClan to hide. A line of fast warriors lead the dogs to their deaths in a gorge (a hole that goes very far down, with water at the bottom). Fireheart is the last in line, and has a good run until Tigerstar leaps out of a bush and holds Fireheart down, letting the dogs catch Fireheart. Fireheart is trapped by the lead dog, but is rescued by Bluestar. She runs into the lead dog, who releases Fireheart, and the two fall down into the gorge. Fireheart saves Bluestar from the gorge and brings her to the shore, where she dies. Fireheart is filled with sadness for his dead leader, and he is scared because he must become the new leader of ThunderClan.

Kurt Vonnegut

Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., (; November 11, 1922 – April 11, 2007) was an American writer. He influenced many other writers. He combined satire, black comedy, and science fiction in his writing. Some of his works include "Slaughterhouse-Five" (1969), "Cat's Cradle" (1963), and "Breakfast of Champions" (1973). He was known for his humanist beliefs and was honorary president of the American Humanist Association.
Kurt Vonnegut made a cameo in the 
movie Back to School starring Rodney 
Dangerfield in 1986.

Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. His parents were Kurt Vonnegut, Sr., and Edith Lieber. He was the youngest of three children. His ancestors had come to America from Germany in 1855. They were prosperous, originally as brewers and merchants. Both his father and his grandfather attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology and were architects in the Indianapolis firm of Vonnegut & Bohn. His great-grandfather was the founder of the Vonnegut Hardware Company, an Indianapolis institution.

Vonnegut graduated from Shortridge High School in Indianapolis in May 1940. He went to Cornell University that autumn. He studied Chemistry, but he was Assistant Managing Editor and Associate Editor of the university newspaper called "The Cornell Daily Sun". He was a member of the Delta Upsilon Fraternity just like his father. Vonnegut joined the U.S. Army while he was at Cornell. The Army transferred him to the Carnegie Institute of Technology and the University of Tennessee to study Mechanical Engineering. On Mothers' Day in 1944, his mother committed suicide with sleeping pills.

Kurt Vonnegut's experience as a soldier and prisoner of war (POW) had a deep and powerful effect on his writing. During the war, he was a soldier with a low rank. He was a private with the 423rd Infantry Regiment, 106th Infantry Division. Vonnegut was captured during the Battle of the Bulge on December 19, 1944. He was in prison in the German city of Dresden. He became a leader among the prisoners because he could speak German a little bit. But, he told German guards "...just what I was going to do to them when the Russians came…". The guards beat Vonnegut and stopped him from being a leader. He experienced the fire bombing of Dresden in February 1945 which destroyed most of the city.

Vonnegut's group of American prisoners of war survived the attack. The Germans had kept them in an underground room for storing meat at a slaughterhouse. The Germans called the building "Schlachthof Fünf" (Slaughterhouse Five) and the Allied POWs used that name for their prison. Vonnegut said the result of the attack was complete destruction and death that nobody could understand. This experience gave him ideas for his famous novel, "Slaughterhouse-Five". His experience of death and destruction is a central theme in at least six of his other books. In "Slaughterhouse-Five" he described the city as looking like the surface of the moon after the bombing. He told about how the Germans making the prisoners work. They had to break into basements and bomb shelters to gather bodies. They had to bury these dead people all together in large holes while German people threw rocks at them and shouted curses. Vonnegut said later, "There were too many corpses to bury. So instead the Germans sent in troops with flamethrowers. All these civilians' remains were burned to ashes."

Vonnegut was freed by Red Army troops in May 1945 at the Saxony-Czechoslovakian border. The U. S. Army gave him a Purple Heart. But he said it was funny because he was not hurt badly at all. He wrote in "Timequake" that he was given the award for getting "frostbite".

After the war, Vonnegut became an anthropology graduate student at the University of Chicago. He also worked at the City News Bureau of Chicago. Vonnegut admitted that he was a not a good student. One professors said that some of the students were going to be professional anthropologists but he was not one of them. In the book "Bagombo Snuff Box", Vonnegut wrote that the university rejected his first thesis. It was about Cubist painters and the leaders of Native American uprisings. The university said it was "unprofessional."

He moved from Chicago to Schenectady, New York. He worked in public relations for General Electric. His brother Bernard worked in the research department at the same company. While in Schenectady, Vonnegut lived in a tiny village called Alplaus. Vonnegut rented an upstairs apartment across the street from the Alplaus Volunteer Fire Department. He was an active Volunteer Fire-Fighter for a few years. That apartment still has his desk in it. He wrote many of his short stories at that desk carved his name into the bottom of it. The University of Chicago later accepted his novel "Cat's Cradle" as his thesis because they said the story was anthropological. They gave him an M.A. degree in 1971.

In the mid 1950s, Vonnegut worked for "Sports Illustrated" magazine for a very short time. He was asked to write about a racehorse that had jumped a fence and tried to run away. Vonnegut stared at the blank piece of paper on his typewriter all morning. Then, he typed, "The horse jumped over the fucking fence," and left. He was almost going to quit writing, but the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop asked him to teach. While he was there, "Cat's Cradle" became a best-seller, and he began "Slaughterhouse-Five". That book is now called one of the best American novels of the 20th century. It is on the 100 best lists of "Time" magazine and the Modern Library. In 1961, he published the famous short story Harrison Bergeron.

Vonnegut moved to Barnstable, Massachusetts, a town on Cape Cod. He was the manager of the first Saab dealership in the U.S.

After coming home from World War II, Kurt Vonnegut married Jane Marie Cox. They had loved each other since they were very young. He wrote about their early relationship in several of his short stories. The couple separated in 1970. He did not divorce Cox until 1979, but from 1970 Vonnegut lived with another woman, the photographer Jill Krementz. She became his second wife after Vonnegut divorced Cox.

He raised seven children. Three were from his first marriage to Cox. He adopted one daughter named Lily with Krementz. Three were his sister Alice's children. Vonnegut adopted them after she died of cancer.

Of Vonnegut's four adopted children, three are his nephews: James, Steven, and Kurt Adams. Vonnegut adopted them after a terrible week in 1958. During that week the children's father James Carmalt Adams was killed in a train crash and their mother died two days later. In his novel "Slapstick", Vonnegut told how Alice's husband had died two days before she did. Her family tried to keep her husband's death a secret. However, she found out when another patient gave her a newspaper one day before she died. The three boys had a younger brother named Peter Nice. He was a baby when their parents died. Peter went to live with their father's cousin in Birmingham, Alabama.

On January 31, 2001, a fire destroyed the top story of Vonnegut's home. He had smoke inhalation and was in the hospital in critical condition for four days. He survived, but his personal papers were destroyed.

Vonnegut smoked unfiltered Pall Mall cigarettes. He called this habit a "classy way to commit suicide".

Vonnegut fell down at his home in Manhattan and injured his brain. He died on April 11, 2007.

Nebula Award for Best Novel

The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America gives awards for good Science Fiction writing. Each year they give the Nebula Award for Best Novel. In this list, the year means the year that the book was published; awards are given the next year.

 Also a winner of the Hugo Award for Best Novel.



Nebula Award for Best Short Story

The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America gives awards for good Science Fiction writing. Each year they give the '“Nebula Award for Best Short Story”'. In this list, the year means the year that the book was published; awards are given the next year. The first title is the winner. Titles below the winner are other nominees (stories that were suggested as possible winners).



Hamiltonian mechanics

Hamiltonian mechanics is a mathematical way of understanding the way something mechanical will behave. It was invented in 1833 by Irish mathematician William Rowan Hamilton.

The value of the Hamiltonian is the total energy of the thing being described. For a closed system, it is the sum of its kinetic and potential energy. There will be a set of differential equations known as the Hamilton equations which show how the thing changes through time. 

Hamiltonians can be used to describe such simple systems as a bouncing ball, a pendulum or an oscillating spring in which energy changes between kinetic and potential energy and back again over time. Hamiltonians can also be used to study the orbits of planets and in the behaviour of atoms using the principles of quantum mechanics.

Bathilde d'Orléans

Bathilde d'Orléans (Louise Marie Thérèse Bathilde;9 July 1750 – 10 January 1822), was a French princess. She was sister of Philippe Égalité, the mother of the executed "duc d'Enghien" and aunt of Louis-Philippe King of the French. She was known as "Citoyenne Vérité" during the French Revolution. By birth and marriage she held the rank of a princess of the blood.

Descended from both Louis XIV of France and his younger brother, Philippe of France, "Duke of Orléans", Bathilde was born a "princesse du sang" and baptised with the names "Louise Marie Thérèse Bathilde". She was the youngest child of Louis Philippe d'Orléans and Louise Henriette de Bourbon. Bathilde was born at the Château de Saint-Cloud on 9 July 1750. 

Her mother died in 1759 when Bathilde was just eight years old. Her father, pressured by his mistress, Madame de Montesson, sent her to a convent. During her time at the convent, she became a very spiritual person.

Initially, Bathilde was considered as a possible bride for a distant cousin, Ferdinand, Duke of Parma, the favourite grandson of King Louis XV of France, however, that marriage never materialised.

Finally, in 1770, when she was twenty years old, she was allowed to leave the convent and marry her younger cousin, the "Louis Henri de Bourbon", son and heir of Louis Joseph de Bourbon, Prince of Condé and his wife Charlotte Élisabeth Godefride de Rohan. 

The scandal of her husband's adultery came out in 1778, and the consequences fell entirely on her shoulders. The couple separated in 1780. As a separated spouse, she was never received at court and was forced to reorganise her life at the Château de Chantilly. 

In her isolation, she discreetly had an illegitimate daughter with a marine officer. Later, she passed the child off as the daughter of her secretary, in order to keep the little girl close to her. In 1787, she purchased the Élysée Palace from Louis XVI and had a hamlet constructed there.

During the French Revolution, just like her brother Philippe Égalité, Bathilde discovered democracy. She fell out with her royalist husband and son, who both chose to leave France after the storming of the Bastille. As the "Ancien Régime" crumbled, she took the name, "Citoyenne Vérité", "Citizeness Truth". Threatened by the new revolutionary government, she offered her wealth to the First French Republic before it could be confiscated.

In April 1793, her nephew, the young Duke of Chartres (future Louis Philippe of the French), fled France and sought asylum with the Austrians. In retribution, the National Convention decreed the imprisonment of all Bourbons remaining in France. While other members of the Orléans family still in France were kept under house arrest, Bathilde, Philippe Égalité and his sons were imprisoned in the Fort Saint-Jean in Marseille. Badly rewarded for her fidelity to the democratic ideals of the Revolution, she survived a year and a half in a prison cell. In November of the same year, her brother was guillotined. Miraculously spared during the Reign of Terror, Bathilde was freed during the Thermidorian Reaction and returned to her Élysée residence in Paris. Poverty-stricken, she was forced to rent out most of the palace.

In 1797, the Directoire decided to exile the last of the Bourbons still living in France. With her sister-in-law, Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, she went to Spain with her illegitimate daughter. Despite being forty-seven years old at the time, during the months which this journey took, she had an amorous intrigue with a handsome twenty-seven year old police officer ("gendarme") under whose responsibility she had been put. The two maintained a correspondence during her exile.

Relegated to a place near Barcelona, Bathilde founded, despite her small means, a pharmacy and dispensary for the poor, and her house became a gathering place for those who needed aid. She became completely republican during this time period, despite her exile.

In 1804, she learned that Napoléon I, whom she admired, had had her only son, Louis Antoine, Duke of Enghien, kidnapped, and executed by firing squad in the moat of the Château de Vincennes. For ten years, the emperor kept the mother of his most famous victim from setting foot in France. Bathilde got her revenge in 1814, when the people, seeing in her the mother of the "Martyr of Vincennes," cheered her as she travelled the route back to Paris.

In 1815, at the start of the Bourbon Restoration, she returned to France. Louis XVIII traded with her the Hôtel Matignon for the Élysée Palace. Bathilde promptly installed a community of nuns on the premises and charged them with praying for the souls of the victims of the Revolution. Her family, in the new moral order of the day, wanted to see her rejoin her husband after a separation of thirty-five years, but she refused. Instead, she resumed her affair with the police officer who had escorted her to Spain in 1797. 

In 1822, while she was taking part in a march towards the Panthéon, she lost consciousness, and drew her last breath in the home of a law professor who taught at the Sorbonne. After her death, her nephew, Louis-Philippe, wanting to give an air of respectability to her bohemian lifestyle, burned the manuscript of her memoirs and a file on her young police officer in the war archives. 

She was buried in the Orléans family chapel the Collégiale de Dreux. 



Robert Del Naja

Robert Del Naja (pron. ; born 21 January 1966, in Bristol, England), also known as 3D, is an English artist and musician. Originally famous as a graffiti artist and a member of the Bristol group known as "The Wild Bunch", Del Naja went on to become a founding member of the band Massive Attack where he is active to this day. However he has also admitted that he got his own way by "being stubborn, throwing tantrums — the usual fucking childish behaviour." 

Sue Gardner

Sue Gardner (born May 11, 1967) is the former Canadian executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation in San Francisco from 2007 to 2014. She was the director of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's website and online news outlets. She is currently the executive director of The Markup.

Gardner grew up in Port Hope, Ontario, Canada. She is the daughter of an Anglican minister and school principal. Gardner earned a degree in journalism from Ryerson University. She began her career on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) radio in 1990. She worked on the program "As It Happens" at first. Gardner worked for more than a decade as a producer, reporter and documentary-maker for CBC Radio current-affairs. She also worked for Newsworld International. Her time at Newsworld dealt mainly with pop culture and social issues.

In March 2006, she replaced Claude Galipeau as Senior Director. She was in charge of 150 people who worked on CBC.ca, the CBC website.

In May 2007, Gardner left CBC. Soon after that, she started working with the Wikimedia Foundation. She helped as an advisor on how the foundation worked and how it was governed.

In December 2007, she was hired as the Foundation's Executive Director. Over the next two years, the number of employees of the foundation grew. This included the addition of a fundraising team. She also guided the foundation as it moved its office from Tampa to San Francisco.

In October 2009, the "Huffington Post" said Gardner was as one of ten 'media game changers of the year'. They said this because of the affect she had on new media because of her work for Wikimedia.

Interviews

Chiba Lotte Marines

Chiba Lotte Marines are the baseball team in Chiba, Japan. Their stadium, QVC Marine Field, is placed in Makuhari, Chiba Prefecture.

They were founded in 1950 as the "Mainichi Orions". In 1958, they changed their name to the "Daimai Orions", the "Tokyo Orions" in 1964, the "Lotte Orions" in 1969, and finally the Chiba Lotte Marines since 1992. Chiba Lotte Marines has been a Pacific league champion six times, 1950, 1960, 1970, 1974, 2005, and 2010. Then, 4 times they won Japan series, 1950, 1974, 2005, and 2010.

Tsuyoshi Nishioka entered into Chiba Lotte Marines in 2002 and played for 8 years in Japan. He was a captain of Chiba Lotte Marines in the 2010 season. He transferred to the Minnesota Twins after Chiba Lotte Marines won the Japan series in 2010. He is well known as switch hitter and recorded high averaged hitting in WBC-2006.

Na+/K+-ATPase

Na/K-ATPase is an enzyme found in the plasma membrane. It is sodium-potassium adenosine triphosphatase, also known as the 'Na/K pump', 'sodium-potassium pump', or simply 'sodium pump', for short. It was first discovered by Jens Christian Skou who won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1997.

The enzyme moves Na (sodium) ions out of the cell and replaces them with K (potassium) ions. This keeps the Na+ ions outside of the cell membrane, and keeps the K+ ions on the inside of the cell membrane. The process works in the opposite direction of diffusion.

For every three sodium ions that get pumped out of the cell, two potassium ions get pumped into the cell. One phosphate group is still bound to the pump. 

Man Bites Dog

Man Bites Dog is a 1992 Belgian mockumentary crime movie. It was released in 1993 in the United States. This movie is rated NC-17 due to strong graphic violence.

The story of the movie is a crew of movie makers who follow a serial killer. They record his horrific crimes for a documentary they are making. At first they are only watching. Then they find themselves caught up in the increasingly chaotic and nihilistic violence. Since its release the picture has become an international cult film.

Basin (geology)

A geological basin is a large low-lying area. It is often below sea level.

Geological basins are one of the two most common places inland which collect sediment (the other is lakes). The type of rocks which form there tell about the palaeoclimate of the continent. The geology is of interest to oil prospectors, hydrologists and palaeontologists.


Starting around 16 million years ago in the Miocene, and continuing into the present, a large part of the North American Plate has been stretched by being pulled apart. The result has been the creation of a large and still-growing region of relatively thin crust; the region grew an average of per year initially and then slowed to per year in the last 5 million years. Geologists call this region the Basin and Range Province.

Pulling forces causes rock at depth to stretch like silly putty and rock closer to the surface to break along normal faults into downfallen basins called grabens.

Because the basin is low-lying, it collects sediment. Rivers may run down into the basin from surrounding mountains. Floods or lakes may form with no outlet to the sea. Evaporation occurs; more sediment arrives, and so on. The strata which forms gives clues as to the palaeoclimate.

Other terms that are used to describe a basin are: "drainage basin", "catchment", "catchment area", "catchment basin", "drainage area", "river basin", "water basin", "endorheic basin" and "watershed".

Some basins, such as the Great Basin, do not drain to the sea. The water may drain into underground aquifers, or evaporate to form salt lakes.

Most basins, however, are drainage basins with rivers bringing their water into the sea. Many such rivers meander through a web of islands at the river delta, and bring along a huge amount of sediment in the form of mud, clay and sand. The Amazon and the Mississippi river systems are like this. The strata which form are quite different from inland basin lakes.

Auger electron spectroscopy

Auger electron spectroscopy is a way of telling what chemical elements are at the surface of an object.

When an electron is removed from a core level of an atom, a higher energy level electron may fall in the vacancy. If the energy released by the fall is transferred to another electron, the latter (called Auger electron) will be emitted from the atom, in what is called the Auger effect, after the French physicist who discovered the phenomenon, Pierre Auger. The kinetic energy levels of the Auger electrons depend on the type of the atoms from which the electrons were ejected, and the chemical environment of the atoms. AES consists of bombarding a sample with energetic electrons and measuring the energy of the Auger electrons, obtaining a spectra that can be used to get information about the identity and environment of the emitting atoms.

Lee Fogolin

Lee Joseph Fogolin (born February 7, 1955 in Chicago, Illinois and raised in Thunder Bay, Ontario), is a retired defenceman who played in the National Hockey League. He played for the Buffalo Sabres and the Edmonton Oilers, playing in 924 NHL regular season games between 1974 and 1987, winning the Stanley Cup in 1984 and 1985.

Fogolin was born in Chicago while his father, Lee Fogolin Sr., was a member of the Chicago Blackhawks. His son, Michael Fogolin, played for the Prince George Cougars in the WHL and died in his sleep on May 26, 2004 of a possible heart condition.

Fogolin played from 1972–1974 with the Oshawa Generals of the OHA, scoring 52 points in 102 games with 240 PIM. He was drafted in the first round, 11th overall, of the 1974 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres.

Although Fogolin was raised in Canada, he was chosen to play for Team USA in the 1976 Canada Cup, since he was born in the U.S.. He was invited again in 1984, but this time chose not to play.

Fogolin played his first professional season (1974–75) in Buffalo, but played parts of the next season with the Sabres and the AHL Hershey Bears. He was acquired by the Edmonton Oilers for the 1979–1980 season.

Fogolin played seven full seasons with Edmonton, and was named as captain for the 1981–82 season. He would be the first of four captains to lead the Oilers to the Stanley Cup finals, in 1983, where they lost to the New York Islanders. While a solid defenceman in his own right, he was overshadowed by many of the young stars on the Oilers' roster, most notably scoring superstar Wayne Gretzky. Fogolin gave up the captaincy to Gretzky for the 1983–84 season onwards. Fogolin was a member of the Oilers' Stanley Cup wins in 1984 and 1985. Fogolin also played in the 1986 National Hockey League All-Star Game.

Fogolin was re-acquired by the Sabres near the end of the 1986–87 season, and retired after completing the season with them.



Tony Hrkac

Anthony J. "Tony" Hrkac () (born July 7, 1966 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Houston Aeros of the AHL.



The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover

The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover is a 1989 British independent movie starring Richard Bohringer, Alan Howard, Michael Gambon and Helen Mirren and directed by Peter Greenaway. This movie was originally tagged by the MPAA under an X rating, due to which commercial distribution of this movie was limited. The X rating was then surrendered, and this movie was released with no rating. It was later released onto video with two versions, one rated NC-17, and the other under an R rating.

Howard Zinn

Howard Zinn (August 24, 1922 – January 27, 2010) was an American historian and professor from Brooklyn, New York. Zinn considered himself to be a radical. In 1980 he wrote "A People's History of the United States", which is a book that tells the history of the United States from the perspective of common people instead of people who were in power. This included people who were oppressed. As of the time of Zinn's death, the book had sold almost two million copies.

Zinn died of a heart attack while swimming on January 27, 2010 in Santa Monica, California, aged 87.

Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia

Charles Emmanuel III (27 April 1701 – 20 February 1773) was the Duke of Savoy and King of Sardinia from 1730 until his death.

He was born a Prince of Savoy in Turin to Victor Amadeus II of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orléans. His maternal grandparents were (Prince) Philippe of France and his first wife Henrietta of England, daughter of Charles I of England and Queen Henrietta Maria.

At the time of his birth, Charles Emmanuel was styled the Duke of Aosta as his older brother Victor Amadeus, Prince of Piedmont was the Heir apparent. His older brother, the Prince of Piedmont died in 1715 and "then" Charles Emmanuel became Heir apparent.

In 1730 his father abdicated on 3 September leaving the throne to Charles. He was not loved by Victor Amadeus, and consequently received an incomplete education. He however acquired noteworthy knowledge in the military field along his father. A god ruler, he married three times and had eleven children in total. Charles Emmanuel died in Turin in 1773. He was buried in the Basilica of Superga.

He married three times, but his three wives all died before their 30th birthday. There were plans for him to marry Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans but his mother declined the offer. Amalia d'Este was also a candidate, daughter of Rinaldo d'Este, Duke of Modena.








Rickettsia

Rickettsia is a unique genus classified between a virus and a bacteria. The organism is unique in that it has a cell wall and exists only in living cells like a virus, but is susceptible to antibiotics like bacteria.

The method of growing "Rickettsia" in chicken embryos was invented by Ernest William Goodpasture and his colleagues at Vanderbilt University in the early 1930s.

Richard Holbrooke

Richard Charles Albert Holbrooke (April 24, 1941 - December 13, 2010) was an American diplomat. He became well-known when he helped broker the Dayton peace agreement, together with Carl Bildt. This agreement of 1995 helped end the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina.

He died of a torn aorta on December 13, 2010.

Holbrooke was born to Dan and Trudi Holbrooke on April 24, 1941 in Manhattan, New York. He had a brother, Andrew, who

He attended Scarsdale High School, before going to Brown University and the Princeton University.

Maria Theresa of Spain

Maria Theresa of Spain (; ; 10 September 1638 – 30 July 1683), was by birth Infanta of Spain and Portugal (until 1640) and Archduchess of Austria as member of the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg and by marriage Queen of France.

She was the daughter of Philip IV, King of Spain and Elisabeth of France. She was Queen of France as wife of King Louis XIV and mother of "Le Grand Dauphin". During her lifetime in Spain, she was painted by the renowned painter, Diego Velázquez. Married to Louis XIV in 1660 following the Franco-Spanish War she played little part in politics during her lifetime. The Bourbon Claim to the Spanish Throne which sparked of the War of the Spanish Succession in 1700 stems from her. She also acted as regent of France for her husband at least once during her tenure as queen consort. 

María Teresa married Louis XIV of France by proxy on 3 June 1660 at Fuenterrabia. Her father Philip IV and the entire Spanish court accompanied the María Teresa to the Isle of Pheasants in Bidassoa, where Louis XIV and his court met her. On 7 June 1660, she departed from her native country of Spain. On 9 June she married Louis XIV in a religious ceremony at Saint-Jean-de-Luz in the "Saint Jean Baptiste" church, which had recently been rebuilt for the occasion. She had a six children with Louis XIV but he would never love her. Marie Thérèse lived a quiet life with her Spanish attendants and had to put up with her husbands various affairs, notably with Louise de La Vallière and Madame de Montespan. She is a direct ancestor of the present Spainish King Felipe VI. 

During the last week of July 1683, Marie Thérèse fell ill. She died a painful death on 30 July 1683 at Versailles in the arms of Madame de Maintenon. She was buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis outside Paris on 3 September 1683. Her tomb was destroyed during the French Revolution. 



Ryan Johnson

Ryan M. Johnson (born June 14, 1976) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently a free agent in the National Hockey League. Johnson also played for the Florida Panthers from 1996 to 2000, the Tampa Bay Lightning in 1999 to 2001, another stint with the Florida Panther from 2001 to 2003, the St. Louis Blues from 2002 to 2008, the Vancouver Canucks from 2008 to 2010 and the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010.

Louis, Duke of Burgundy

Louis of France (16 August 1682 – 18 February 1712) was the eldest son of Louis, Dauphin of France, known as "le Grand Dauphin" and, as such, was known as "le Petit Dauphin". He became Dauphin of France upon his father's death in 1711.

Louis de France was born in the Palace of Versailles, the eldest son of Louis, "le Grand Dauphin", and his wife Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria. At birth, he received the title of Duke of Burgundy.

Louis grew up with his younger brothers; Philippe, Duke of Anjou and Charles, Duke of Berry. 

At the age of 15, he married his second cousin, Marie Adélaïde of Savoy, the daughter of Victor Amadeus II, Duke of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orléans. This match had been decided as part of the Treaty of Turin, which ended Franco-Savoyard conflicts during the Nine Years' War. The marriage took place on 7 December 1697 at the Palace of Versailles. The two were in love with one another, a rarity at the court of Versailles.

Louis became Dauphin of France upon the death of his father in 1711. 

In February 1712, his wife contracted measles and died on the 12th of that month. 

The Duke of Burgundy, who dearly loved his wife and who had stayed by her side throughout the fatal illness, contracted the disease and died on 18 February, six days after her at the Château de Marly. Both of his sons also became infected, the eldest, Louis, Duke of Brittany, the latest in a series of Dauphins, succumbed to it on 8 March. The only one to survive was the two-year old Duke of Anjou, the future King Louis XV of France.



Dauphin of France

The Dauphin was the heir apparent to the throne of France from 1350–1791, and from 1824–1830. 

Guy VIII, Count of Vienne, had a dolphin on his coat of arms and had been nicknamed "le Dauphin" (French for "dolphin"). The title of Dauphin of Viennois descended in his family until 1349, when Humbert II sold his signeurie, called the Dauphiné, to King Philippe VI on condition that the heir of France assumed the title of "le Dauphin" and govern this territory. The Dauphin retained the title only. The estates belonged to the crown. On the death of the Dauphin, his eldest son inherits the title. If there is no son, his oldest brother succeeds him. If the king does not have a son the title does not go to anyone. It is never given to a brother of the king. The wife of the Dauphin was known as the "Dauphine". The first French Dauphin was Charles V. The title is roughly equivalent to the English title "Prince of Wales". The Dauphin was entitled to the use of the style of Royal Highness but this was only ever used in written form.

The title of "Dauphin of Auvergne" was used by the Count of Clermont. 



Plague doctor costume

The plague doctor's costume was the clothes worn by a plague doctor to protect him from diseases spread through the air. The costume was made up of a coat which went down to the ankles and a mask. The mask looked like a bird's beak. The beak was often filled with things which smelled sweet or strong (often lavender). Along with this, gloves, boots, a hat and something else to go over the jacket was worn.

The beak was held in front of the doctor's nose by straps. There were two holes in the mask, filled with glass at eye level, so that the doctor could see properly. The mask had two smaller holes for the doctor to breathe. It was a type of respirator which was often filled with strong, nice smelling things. Dried flowers (such as roses and carnations), herbs (such as mint), spices, camphor or a vinegar sponge could all be placed in the beak. The mask was supposed to keep away bad smells. At that time, it was thought that bad smells caused infection. Doctors believed the herbs would take away the "evil" smells of the plague and stop them from getting it.

The costume had a wide brimmed leather hood to show that they were doctors. They used wooden canes to point out areas needing medical attention. This was also used to look at patients without touching them. The canes were also used to keep people away, to take clothes off plague victims without having to touch them and to take a patient's pulse.

Wearing these clothes actually helped make sure that the doctors were not infected by fleas or rats. Fleas could not bite through the leather jacket and infected people could not touch the doctor, which was also because of his leather jacket.

Some modern writers have said that fourteenth-century plague doctors wore masks which looked like birds. However, medical historians say that the plague doctor costume was invented by Charles de Lorme. In 1619 he used the idea of full head-to-toe protective clothing. It was modelled after a soldier's armour. This was made up of a bird-like mask and a long leather (Moroccan or Levantine) or waxed-canvas gown. The gown went from the neck to the ankles. The clothing which went on top of the gown, as well as leggings, gloves, boots and a hat, were made of waxed leather. The garment was impregnated with similar fragrant items as the beak mask.

This poem was written in the seventeenth century. It describes the plague doctor's costume.

Jean-Jacques Manget, in his 1721 book "Treatise on the Plague", written just after the Great Plague of Marseille, talks about the costumes that plague doctors wore at Nijmegen in 1636-1637. A picture of the costume is at the front of the book. The plague doctors of Nijmegen also wore beaked masks. Their robes, leggings, hats, and gloves were made of morocco leather.

This costume was also worn by plague doctors during the Plague of 1656. This plague killed 145,000 people in Rome and 300,000 in Naples. The costume made people very scared because it was a sign that they would die soon.

The costume was worn by a "commedia dell'arte" character called "Il Medico della Peste" (the Plague Doctor). He wears a special plague doctor's mask. The Venetian mask was normally white. It was made up of a beak and round eye-holes. The eye-holes were covered with clear glass. It is one of the most unique masks worn during the Carnival of Venice.


Puzzle Bobble 2

Bust-A-Move 2 is the first sequel to "Bust-A-Move", and is also known as Puzzle Bobble 2 outside Europe and North America. Released into the arcades in 1995, PlayStation, Sega Saturn, Nintendo 64 and PC conversions followed. The game was included in "Taito Legends 2", but the US arcade version was included on US PS2 version instead. The game is a spin-off from "Bubble Bobble".

The game builds on the original by adding a tournament style variation on the two player game for play against the computer and by adding a branching map to the one player game, allowing the player to periodically select one of two groups of five levels to play next, leading to different game endings. Some of the contestants in the new tournament mode are based on characters from Bubble Bobble, including variations on a "Monsta" and a "Mighta".

Some versions of the game, including the PlayStation, feature time trial competitions in which a single player attempts to finish simple rounds quickly enough to beat previous time records or two players simultaneously attempt to beat the records and each other.

Completion of the single player game gives the player a code which can be entered to unlock 'Another World' for the single player game, which features subtle changes to the existing levels to increase their difficulty and changes to all backdrops to resemble levels from Bubble Bobble. The various enemies from Bubble Bobble also make an appearance in the background of the credits sequence.

Taito later repacked "Bust-A-Move 2" with an optional alternative set of levels and some new attract mode animations (including holiday-themed ones) as "Bust-A-Move 2X" (Also known as "Puzzle Bobble 2X").

Ports of "Bust-A-Move 2" to the PC and Sega Saturn are of "Bust-A-Move 2X" and additionally include a level editor/designer. A port of 2X was made to the PlayStation but was not released until some time after a port of "Bust-A-Move 2" was released; therefore, it is not so well known.

This game has become notorious for one version of its cover art. The original US version of the Saturn edition featured a picture of several large balls with screaming, blue, human faces with white sticks forcing their eyes open. This cover earned it a place on Gamespy.com's Top Ten Worst Covers list. 

Sally Field

Sally Margaret Field (born November 6, 1946) is an American actress, singer, producer, director, and screenwriter. She has been in many movies. These include "Norma Rae", "Murphy's Romance", "Forrest Gump", "Steel Magnolias", "The Amazing Spider-Man", and "Lincoln". She has also acted in television programs and won many awards for her movies and acting.

Field married Steven Craig in 1968. The couple had two sons; Peter Craig, a novelist, and Eli Craig, an actor and director. Craig and Field divorced in 1975.

Sally Field was romantically involved with Burt Reynolds for many years. During this time they co-starred in several movies. She married movie producer Alan Greisman in 1984. They had one son, Sam, in 1987. Field and Greisman divorced in 1993.

Field has osteoporosis. She has become a vocal advocate for women's health issues, encouraging early diagnosis of such conditions through technology, such as bone density scans.


Staple (fastener)

A staple is a fastener that is usually made out of metal and is used to fasten paper to other paper or paper to special walls called bulletin boards. Some large staples may be used for industrial uses, such as masonry, roofing, corrugated boxes and other heavy-duty uses.

W and Z bosons

W and Z bosons are a group of elementary particles. They are bosons, meaning they have a spin of 0 or 1. Both had been found in experiments by the year 1983. Together, they are responsible for a force known as "weak force." Weak force is called weak because it is not as strong as the strong force. There are two W bosons with different charges, the normal W, and its antiparticle, the W . Z bosons are their own antiparticle.

W bosons are named after the weak force that they are responsible for. Weak force is what physicists believe is responsible for the breaking down of some radioactive elements, in the form of Beta decay. In the late '70s, scientists managed to combine early versions of the weak force with electromagnetism, and called it the electroweak force.

W and Z bosons are only known to be created under Beta decay, which is a form of radioactive decay.

Beta decay occurs when there are a lot of neutrons in an atom. Simplified diagram hints that neutron corresponds to one proton and one electron. When there are too many neutrons in one atom nucleus, one neutron will split and form a proton and an electron. The proton stays where it is, and the electron will be launched out of the atom. Resulting Beta radiation is harmful to humans.

Weak force is believed to be able to change the flavor of a quark. For example, when it changes a down quark in a neutron into an up quark, the charge of the neutron becomes +1, since it would have the same arrangement of quarks as a proton. The three-quark neutron with a charge of +1 is no longer a neutron after this, as it fulfills all of the requirements to be a proton. Therefore, Beta decay will cause a neutron to become a proton (along with some other end-products).

When a quark changes flavor, as it does in Beta decay, it releases a W boson. On average, W bosons only last for 3x10 seconds before themselves decaying into other particles, which is why we had not discovered them until less than half a century ago. Surprisingly, W bosons have a mass of about 80 times that of a proton. Keep in mind that the neutron that it came from has almost the same weight as the proton. In the quantum world, it is not uncommon for a more massive particle to come from a less massive particle; the extra mass comes from stored energy via Einstein's famous formula, formula_1. After the 3x10 seconds has passed, a W boson decays into one electron and one neutrino. Since neutrinos rarely interact with matter, we can ignore them from now on. The electron is propelled out of the atom at a high speed. The proton that was produced by the Beta decay stays in the atom nucleus, and raises the atomic number by one.

Z bosons are also predicted in the Standard Model of physics, which successfully predicted the existence of W bosons. Z Bosons decay into a fermion and its antiparticle, which are particles such as electrons and quarks which have spin in units of half of the reduced Planck constant.

J/ψ particle

J/ψ mesons (pronounced jeɪ/saɪ, English jay/sigh) are subatomic particles made of one charm quark and one charm antiquark. Mesons are a family of composite particles which are made of one quark and one antiquark. It was discovered by Burton Richter. The discovery of J/ψ mesons was huge because it revealed the existence of the fourth known quark of the time, the charm quark. J/ψ mesons were used in an attempt to learn more about quark-gluon plasmas, but no conclusive results were found. The name J/ψ comes from the chosen names from the two labs that found them, one of which chose the letter J, while the other chose the Greek letter ψ (psi).

Toxic shock syndrome

Toxic shock syndrome or TSS is a non-common, deadly infection caused by toxins from bacteria.

Toxic shock syndrome is usually caused by "Staphylococcus" bacteria, but it can also be caused by "Streptococcus" bacteria.

Symptoms of toxic shock syndrome can show up suddenly, and the disease can be deadly. The symptoms are different when the toxic shock syndrome is caused by different bacteria. When it is caused by "Staphylococcus aureus", the symptoms are generally high fever, low blood pressure, confusion, and malaise. If the disease is not treated, someone with toxic shock syndrome caused by "Staphylococcus aureus" can go into a coma.

When toxic shock syndrome is caused by "Streptococcus pyogenes", it usually is a rash that was already there getting worse. People with toxic shock syndrome caused by "Streptococcus pyogenes" have pain where the rash is, then the symptoms below happen very quickly. 

The symptoms of toxic shock syndrome include:










Toxic shock syndrome can be caused by many things. The most common reasons are injuries to the skin that allow bacteria to get into the bloodstream and tampons.

Many people with toxic shock syndrome have to stay in the hospital. If it is very bad, they might have to go to the intensive care unit so that doctors can make sure that they are getting good care. If the reason that they have toxic shock syndrome is because of tampon use, doctors will make sure that they take the tampon out. If the reason that they have toxic shock syndrome is an injury (an abscess or other infection), the injury has to be drained.

Antibiotics like cephalosporin, penicillin, and vancomycin are used to stop the bacteria from growing. Clindamycin and gentamicin stop the toxins from being produced.

In 1978, Procter and Gamble (a United States company that sells many different products) started selling tampons called Rely. Rely tampons could be left in for a whole menstrual cycle, which is from 2 to 8 days. Women who used Rely tampons sometimes got toxic shock syndrome because of this. Other tampons that are left in for a long time can also cause toxic shock syndrome.

Charles Blanvillain

Charly B (born Charles Blanvillain, 28 September 1981) is a French reggae artist, author, composer, and interpreter, performing internationally.

Born in Rome, Italy from a family of musicians, he is from French, German and Armenian origins. At the age of 4 he moved to Geneva (Switzerland) where he spendt most of his childhood. Music is then everything to him, and he discovered reggae at the age of 15, when he spent one year in Jamaica at IONA High School, hosted in a Jamaican family, having obtained a scholarship from the American Field Service. Later on, after passing his international baccalaureate, he studied sound techniques at the School of Recording Arts, Canada and at the Sound and Audio Engineering School in Geneva, Switzerland.

At the age of 15, he composed his first song. His musical studies in Canada, long stays in Jamaica, and time spent living in France near the Swiss border form his artistic vision. He has been singing with legends of dancehall like Capleton, Kiprich, De Marco and Anthony B.

In 2002, at the age of 21, he won the first prize for the best Geneva Singjay In 2003, he wrote a song for the movie Destination Jamaica by George Tait (Jungle George) In 2004, his song "My Queen" appeared in the DVD sold with the Austrian surfers' magazine Methodmag, published in 60,000 copies. In 2005 he won the 1st prize for best Singjay in Switzerland organized by Giddeon Productions Unfortunately, he cannot take advantage of the prize, a concert in Italy, as he is expected in Jamaica that summer, and therefore gives his prize to the number 2 in the competition, Elijah. In 2007, Eliane Dambre from the Ateliers du Funambule sponsored by Michel Fugain, whose studios are based in Nyon, decided to present his candidacy for the Eurovision for Switzerland, against DJ Bobo to represent Switzerland, but his candidacy was too late. In 2009, he won the prize for the best reggae song at the competition organized by Reggae Europe. He has deposited to SACEM over 100 titles composed by him (music and lyrics), in French, English and Jamaican patois.
In summer 2009, he made what he called "a crucial encounter" with the producer Jon Baker, and recorded at Geejam Studios. His album Forever, was released in 2011 under the label Geejam Recordings/ Forward Recordings. This encounter with Jon Baker is very important for the artist. The British producer (a friend of Chris Blackwell, founder of Island Records), has discovered many talents, among which are the reggae singer Alborosie and The Jolly Boys. Moreover, he gained the confidence of Reggae Europe who partnered with Geejam Recordings for the album Forever.

At the end of 2009, he was invited to Leipzig to meet with Pionear from Germaican records then invited by Stylordz to Toronto and New York for the anniversary of Zulu Nation. In Toronto he shoots the clip of the song "Ooh No". In 2010, invited by the CAMA Festival. In Hanoï, Vietnam, he makes a Vietnam tour (Hanoï and Ho Chi Minh City) and upon his return, attends the ROTOTOM Sunsplash Festival in August 2010. he is traveled between Jamaica and France, working on his last album Forever released in 2011.

Vietnam Tour Vietnam in May 2010, Hanoï and Ho Chi Minh City interview Cama Festival télé Hanoï







Kids (movie)

Kids is a 1995 American movie set in New York City. The movie is directed by Larry Clark and written by Harmony Korine. It is about teenagers, drugs and HIV. The movie caused serious controversy when it was released. Starring in the movie are Chloë Sevigny and Rosario Dawson. This movie was rated NC-17, though the rating was surrendered and the movie was released with no rating.

Henry &amp; June

Henry & June was a 1990 American movie. It is based on a book by French writer Anaïs Nin. The movie is about Nin's relationship with American writer Henry Miller and his wife June. The movie stars Fred Ward, Uma Thurman, and Maria de Medeiros. It was the first movie to be given the MPAA's rating of NC-17. The movie was released during the autumn of 1990.

John Ford

John Ford (February 1, 1894 – August 31, 1973) was an American movie director. He is best known as a director of western movies. He was born in Cape Elizabeth, Maine.

Ford was a soldier in World War II. He served for the United States Navy as the leader of the photography division. On D-day, Ford and his soldiers crossed the English Channel. The soldiers arrived at Omaha Beach and watched the first boats land on the shore. Ford went on to the beach and filmed the battle take place.

Ford started directing movies in 1917 after he moved to California. His first movies were made during The Silent Era, an era where there was no recorded sound in any movies. In 1956, Ford finished making a popular movie called "The Searchers". The movie starred John Wayne as the hero. "The Searchers" is widely known today for its cultural and historical significance.

In the early 1970s, Ford broke his hip and had to be put in a wheelchair. Ford died on August 31, 1973 at his home Palm Desert, California from stomach cancer, aged 79.

Setsubun

Setsubun is a traditional event in Japan and it celebrates the end of winter and the beginning of spring. It takes place on February 3 or 4 and there are a lot of ways to celebrate the day. People take part in a traditional "mame-maki" ceremony. People throw roasted soybeans ("mame") and shout ‘‘"Oni wa Soto Fuku wa Uti"’’(Get out Ogre! Come in Happiness!). After the ceremony, each person eats the number of beans of their year of age in order to get happiness in the coming year. Another traditional custom is putting a head of a sardine and "hiiragi" on the door to get rid of "Oni" (ogre). In addition, people living in the "Kansai" area eat "Nori Maki" (a special "sushi" roll) while facing the ‘’lucky direction’’ and not saying a word .

Setsubun means “division of the seasons” in the literal sense. In ancient times the beginning of each season was called Setsubun. On the Setsubun day, various rituals were conducted to drive away devil’s sprits. Nowadays, however, Setsubun only refers to "Risshun" (beginning of spring) because the day is the most important than the other Setsubun day since the day is a new year’s day in lunar calendar.It is said that both of beans and rice have spiritual power in it, and to throw these things is a good way to drive demons from our own and our house. People used to throw rice in ancient time, but people started to throw beans instead of rice since Chinese folkway was introduced. Since then, people throw beans to drive demons on Setsubun day.
As we said above, people usually eat an "Ehomaki", which is a kind of "makizushi", on Setsubun. "Makizushi" means “call over happiness”. It is usually eaten without being cut because if it is cut, it implies “break up”. People usually put 7 kinds of ingredients in it after the Seven Gods of Fortune. 
It is eaten without saying anything. Generally, it’s because it would be rude to the Seven Gods of Fortune if people are talking while it is eaten, but anyone doesn’t know the fact.

"Setsubun" means separating seasons, and indicated each day before the first day of spring, summer, autumn and winter.
However, the event "Setsubun" is very famous, so it became the word to indicate the day before the first day of spring
only.
Setsubun was a ceremony to drive off ancient China and gods who brought misfortune. Originally, it was the folk event 
to hope talisman and good crop of private sector. This ceremony came down to Japan in the "Nara" era. 
In the "Hiean" era, "Tsuina" that the event of New Year's Eve held in the palace, changed into the ceremony to drive demons.
It died out in the "Muromachi" era, but the event gradually spread among commoner and remained as "Mamemaki" of Setsubun.
In the evening of Setsubun, people set up branches of holly with sardine at the entrance of house, and scatter parched beans. 
However, nowadays households which adorn with them decreased, and only scatter parched beans.
In the meantime, "Ehomaki" started as a custom to pray for the prosperous business at the harbor of "Osaka" in the end of "Edo" era. The custom died out temporarily, but "Osaka Nori Kyodo Kumiai" revived it in the event of "Dotonbori" in the late 1970's. Therefore, it was famous in the "Kansai" district. Also, it began to sell in the part of supermarkets and convenience stores in 1990's. In addition, it became rapidly popular among the whole country because "Ehomaki" was advertised considerably in stores.

There many events related to Setsubun in big shrines. For example, "Narita-san Shinsho-ji" in "Chiba" holds big events every year. Some believers of "Toshi-otoko" (a man who was born in a year with the same sign of the Chinese Zodiac as the current year.) or big names are invited to the event and they perform "mame-maki" ceremony to gather people. Because of the bad economy in Japan, these events are crowed with a lot of people who try to call in happiness.

Komodo National Park

The Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia. It is on several islands in the Lesser Sunda Islands. The park is in the area between the East Nusa Tenggara and West Nusa Tenggara provinces. The park includes three larger islands: Komodo, Padar and Rincah. It also includes 26 smaller ones for a total area of 1,733 km² (603 km² of it land). The national park was founded in 1980 to protect the Komodo dragon. This animal is the world's largest lizard. Later it began protecting other species, including some in the ocean. In 1991 the national park was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The park is spread over several islands. It includes part of western coast of Flores, the three larger islands of Komodo, Padar, Rincah, and 26 smaller islands. It also includes ocean areas such as the Sape Straights. The islands of the national park are volcanic. The land is generally rugged, with some rounded hills to 735m. The climate is one of the driest of Indonesia. Each year between 800mm and 1000mm of rain falls in the park area. Temperatures in the dry season from May to October are around 40 °C.

The Park is hot and dry. There are many savannah plants that make it a good place for the Komodo dragon.

Cloud forests are in only a few areas above 500 metres. These forests are good places for some local plants. There are mangrove forests in some of the quiet bays of the three larger islands.

Large and complex coral reefs are along the north-east coast of Komodo. The park has many animals that live in the ocean, including whale sharks, ocean sunfish, manta rays, eagle rays, pygmy seahorse, false pipefish, clown frogfish, nudibranchs, blue-ringed octopus, sponges, tunicates, and coral.

The island of Padar and part of Rinca were made nature reserves in 1938. Komodo Island became a nature reserve in 1965. UNESCO also began to protect the island in 1977. The three islands were named a national park in 1980. The park was extended to include the nearby parts of the ocean and a part of Flores in 1984. In 1991 the national park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Since 1995, the national park authority has been supported by an American environmental organization called The Nature Conservancy (TNC).

Komodo National Park has been selected as one of 28 finalists to become one of the New7Wonders of Nature.

About 4,000 people live within the park. Scuba diving is popular because of the many different kinds of life living in the water. Ecotourism in the ocean is the main way to get money to support the park

However, several fishermen died since the 1980s. People disagree about what happened to them. Park patrol and military said they needed to protect themselves. Fishermen living in the area say the park management killed the fishermen on purpose.


Hōtō

The adjoining prefectures, Nagano, Shizuoka and Gunma have similar noodle dishes with soy sauce. They are called "Okkirikomi", "Niboutou" etc. More recently, such Hoto culture has been promoted to encourage profit from tourism.

There are many different stories about the history of Hoto. In the old days, in Yamanashi, rice fields were replaced by mulberry fields, to grow silkworms. Then, cultivation of wheat become popular and dishes which use flour developed. In all of the dishes, Hoto was economical because it used many vegetables and stock. Also, its taste was good. Therefore, Hoto spread throughout Yamanashi.

First, knead flour with a little water in a bowl. Then spread the dough with a stick. Fold the dough and cut widely. You do not need to let it sit, or add salt. Nowadays, you can buy Hoto noodles around Yamanashi prefecture. The soup tastes like soybean paste. Adding pumpkin paste into the soup is popular. The stock is made from dried small sardines. The main ingredient is vegetables. In summer, leeks, onions, potatoes and so on are used. In winter, pumpkins, taro, carrots, napa cabbage and so on are used. Sometimes pork or chicken are used.

Pion

A pion or π meson is a meson, which is a subatomic particle made of one quark and one antiquark.

There are six types of quark (called "flavours") but only two "flavours" go together to make a pion. These flavours are called up and down. Quarks have charge, so two quarks of the same flavour (both up or both down) make a neutral pion. But when the two quarks have different flavours (up and down), the pion will have a charge. This charge is positive when an up quark pairs with a down antiquark. The charge is negative when a down quark pairs with an up antiquark.

Pions do not exist for a long time. (On average, charged pions exist for around 26 nanoseconds; neutral pions last a tiny fraction of this). Pions are significant to our lives because they are one of the ways for strong force interactions to take place between nucleons like the protons and neutrons of ordinary matter. These interactions hold the nucleus together.

Pions are the lightest hadrons (particles made up of quarks) and pions with a positive or negative charge are the mesons with the longest "mean lifetime" (the average time that passes before they "decay" into leptons).

The three types of pion have the Greek letter pi in their symbols: 
The (superscript) , , or simply refers to the (electromagnetic) charge of the pion.
Up quarks have a charge of + and down antiquarks have a charge of +, so π has charge of +1 (like a proton).

Antiparticles have charge opposite to their particles, so up antiquarks have a charge of − and down quarks have a charge of −. This means that π has charge of −1 (like an electron).

Because π pairs quarks of the same flavour with their antiquarks, both up quark (+) paired with up antiquark (−) and down quark (+) paired with down antiquark (−) leave it with zero charge (like a neutron).

Quarks and antiquarks also have a different kind of charge called "color", unrelated to electromagnetic charge. This comes from the strong interaction that holds the quarks together. As in all mesons, the color charges in a pion must be equal and opposite: "blue" with "anti-blue", "green" with "anti-green", or "red" with "anti-red". The effect of these color–anticolor pairings is that the pion's color charge is "colorless" (like a neutron is neutral). At the smallest distances, typically within an atomic nucleus, a small effect of the color charge remains and acts as the nuclear force that holds the nucleus together. Within the nucleus, then, "virtual" pions (and other "virtual" mesons) are exchanged between nucleons (protons and neutrons), pulling them together.

Antiquarks are antimatter, so they will annihilate a quark of the same "flavour" that is near enough. This means that the quark and the antiquark will turn one another into energy.

Force-carriers are particles that are responsible for the action of forces, such as electromagnetism. Just as photons are responsible for electromagnetic force, so mesons are responsible for some of the lower energy ("residual") strong force interactions that occur between nucleons. (Strong force is also known as nuclear force or "residual strong force" when its action is between nucleons.) At an even smaller level, gluons are responsible for the strong force interactions between quarks.

Decay of charged pions always produces leptons, like electrons. 

A neutral pion, π, will usually decay into two highly energized photons.

However, there is some probability (from <0.1% to 1.2%) involved with the decay of some pions, as they can also decay into different forms. For π, the second most likely decay product is one positron (an anti-electron) and one electron neutrino. π will sometimes decay into one electron and one electron antineutrino. π will sometimes decay into one highly energized photon, one electron, and one positron. (Keep in mind that positrons and electrons can annihilate each other, and this annihilation produces highly energized photons).

Since the decay of pions is due to weak force, yet another force carrier is introduced. During the decay, a W boson is created, which lasts for 3x10 seconds. After this incredibly short amount of time, the W boson will decay into the leptons that the pion would naturally decay to. However, it is important to draw this distinction, as it includes weak force.

Labyrinthodont

Labyrinthodont is a term which was used for fossil amphibia. Although it is no longer a formal term in taxonomy, it is still useful as an evolutionary grade, a kind of catch-all term. "Labyrinth" mean a maze and "dont" means tooth.

Labyrinthodonts are often called Temnospondyls.
The Labyrinthodontia is not a clade, because it is not monophyletic. It has been replaced in the classification by more correct terms.

The labyrithodonts were some of the dominant animals from the Devonian to the Lower Triassic (about 390 to 210 million years ago). The group is an evolutionary grade (a polyphyletic or paraphyletic group) of species which look rather similar.

The name describes the pattern of infolding of the dentine and enamel of the teeth, which often fossilise. They are also have a heavily armoured skull roof (so they also have an even older name "Stegocephalia"), and complex vertebrae.

The labyrinthodonts flourished for more than 200 million years. Although there was much variation, these traits make their fossils distinct and easy to recognise:




Early tetropods are now classified as lobe-finned fish (Sarcopterygii). This is because we now know they were aquatic when the limbs first evolved (see Tetrapod).

The informal term "fishapods" is often used for this group of Devonian animals.

A more formal term, used by Clack, is "stem-group tetrapods".

Puntland

Puntland is an Autonomous state of Somalia in the Horn of Africa. Officially it is called the Puntland State of Somalia. Its capital is Garowe. To the east of Puntland is Khatumo. To the south is Galmudug.

The economy is centered around Boosasso. The province covers about a third of Somalia, and about a third of the population of Somalia lives in the province. Puntlanders want some degree of autonomy, but Puntlanders also want to stay within Somalia, and find a solution for the whole country. 
Although it is a federal state, Puntland politicians often call themselves a government. The people inside Puntland are called Puntites or Puntlanders. The area of Puntland is part of the areas of Waqooyi meaning north or Bari meaning east. The president is usually Majeerteen and the vice-president is usually of the reer darawiish tribe.

Frauzio

Frauzio was a comic book Brazil floor monthly, created in 2001 by Marcatti distributed by Publisher SCALE.

Was launched with a circulation of 30 thousand copies and distributed at newsstands around the Brazil, became the first magazine underground to be published in an industrial scale worldwide.

In 2003, published four editions of the magazine Misadventures of Frauzio by Publisher PRO-C. In the same year the album special edition is published by Frauzio Opera Graphica. The book, under the titleQuestion of paternity, brings a Frauzio adventure inspired by the book Lolita of Nabokov.



Daddy G

Daddy G, (born Grantley Evan Marshall, , Bristol, UK), is an English musician and a founding member of the band, Massive Attack.

Marshall joined the Bristol music scene as a member of the DJ group The Wild Bunch in the 1980s, which included two other Massive Attack members, Robert Del Naja and Andrew Vowles. In 1986, The Wild Bunch dissolved. Del Naja, Vowles, and Marshall then formed the trip-hop group Massive Attack, which is considered to have pioneered the "Bristol Sound" along with Portishead and Tricky.

In addition to appearing on Massive Attack's albums, Marshall has also mixed a for the "DJ-Kicks" mix series.

Tau lepton

Tau (τ) leptons (aka tauons, tau particle) are one of the very small elementary particles. This means that they are believed to be so small that they can not be divided any more. Tau leptons can be thought of as very heavy electrons, as they are both leptons. This is because they have about 3,500 times as much mass as electrons, and about 17 times as much mass as muons. Since they only live for 2.9x10 seconds, they do not have a significant role in the regular world. However, they are very important in the decay of subatomic matter.

Like the other two basic leptons, tauons have a neutrino named after them (the tau neutrino).

Tau have a charge of -1, and can be written as τ. Since antimatter has the opposite of charge of regular matter, anti-tauons have a charge of +1, and can be written as τ. Tauons themselves are unstable, and can decay. Also, τ and τ can annihilate each other in a form of decay. When a single tauon decays, it is the only lepton that can decay into hadrons (things made of quarks). τ and τ can be formed by an electron-positron (antielectron) pair combining. The two tauons then decay into an electron and a positron or a muon and an antimuon, and four of the various neutrinos. However, a single tauon decays differently than a tauon and an antitauon.

A τ will quickly decay into a tau neutrino and a W boson. The W boson will exist for 3x10 seconds, before it decays into an electron and an electron antineutrino, a muon and a muon antineutrino, or a down quark and an up antiquark.

Thallium(I) bromide

Thallium(I) bromide, also known as thallous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlBr. It has thallium and bromide ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) bromide is a yellow-white solid. It is similar to silver bromide. It gets darker when light shines on it. It is very toxic, like all thallium compounds. It does not dissolve in water.

Thallium(I) bromide is made by reacting thallium and bromine or by reacting sodium or potassium bromide with any thallium compound.

It is used in semiconductors and gamma ray and X-ray detectors. 


Thallium(III) hydroxide

Thallium(III) hydroxide, also known as thallic hydroxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Tl(OH). It has thallium and hydroxide ions in it. The thallium is in its +3 oxidation state.

Thallium(III) hydroxide is a weak base. It is a white solid. It is highly toxic. It is also an oxidizing agent. It breaks down to thallium(III) oxide when heated. If it is heated more, it breaks down to oxygen and thallium(I) oxide.


Julian Assange

Julian Paul Assange (born 3 July 1971) is an Australian computer programmer, publisher and journalist. He is a spokesman and editor-in-chief of WikiLeaks, which is a website that posts news leaks. He started the website in 2006. He was born in Townsville, Queensland. He also made a program called Rubberhose (file system) to hide secret information in a specific way that protects against torture.

Assange was the Readers' Choice for Time Person of the Year in 2010 after getting the most Internet votes. 

In 2012, facing extradition to Sweden, he took refuge at the Embassy of Ecuador in London and was granted political asylum by Ecuador.

On 11 January 2018, it was announced that Assange had held Ecuadorian citizenship since 12 December 2017.

Ecuadorian President Lenín Moreno said on 27 July 2018 that he had begun talks with British authorities to withdraw the asylum for Assange. On 11 April 2019, Ecuador withdrew Assange's asylum and he was arrested by the Metropolitan Police shortly afterwards. His lawyers said they will fight extradition to the United States.

In November 2019, it was reported that Assange is in bad health, has depression and "could die in prison" if not hospitalized.

The extradition to the United States hearing (a pre-trial discussion in a court) for Assange began in London on February 24, 2020. The next set of hearings is scheduled for May.

Kaon

Kaons are a specific type of meson (mesons are particles made of one quark and one antiquark). What makes kaons unique is that they are made of one up quark or down quark, and one strange quark. (One of the two quarks that make of a kaon must be an antiquark, and the other must be normal matter. For example, a kaon can be made of one up quark and a strange antiquark). The discovery of kaons was significant because it proved the existence of yet another flavour (type) of quark, the strange quark.

There are four types of kaons, but two of them are relatively easy to understand. There is the K and the K. The + and 0 above the letter K refer to whether the charge is positive, or 0 (neutral). The K is made of one up quark, and one strange antiquark. Since antiparticles have the opposite charge of their counterpart (and since normal strange quarks have a charge of -1/3), 2/3 + 1/3 = a +1 charge, or simply a + charge. (Also because antiparticles have the opposite charge of their counterpart, if you change the up quark in a K to an up antiquark and the strange antiquark to a normal strange quark, you get the opposite charge, forming a K). Since down quarks and strange quarks have the same charge, if either one of them is an antiparticle, the overall charge is zero. Therefore, a K can either be made of one down quark and strange antiquark, or one down antiquark and one normal strange quark.

Thallium(III) oxide

Thallium(III) oxide, also known as thallic oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlO. It has thallium and oxide ions in it. The thallium is in its +3 oxidation state.

Thallium(III) oxide is a white powder. It is very heavy and very toxic. It is a semiconductor. It reacts with acids to make other toxic thallium compounds. It does not dissolve in water.

It is made by oxidation of thallium(I) oxide.

It may be used in solar cells.


Thallium(I) chloride

Thallium(I) chloride, also known as thallous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlCl. It has thallium and chloride ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) chloride is a colorless odorless solid. It is very toxic. It is insoluble (does not dissolve) in cold water but dissolves a little in hot water. Otherwise, it is somewhat similar to potassium chloride in being colorless and silver chloride in being insoluble in water. 

Thallium(I) chloride is made by reacting any soluble chloride such as hydrochloric acid with thallium(I) sulfate. This makes a thallium(I) chloride solid. It can also be made by reacting thallium metal with hydrochloric acid.

It is the result of a certain way to make hexafluorophosphates from chlorides.


Fredric Wertham

Fredric Wertham (20 March 1895 – 18 November 1981) was a Jewish German-American psychiatrist. He was an author who wrote about images in media. He thought that violent imagery in mass media and comic books was harmful to children. His best-known book was "Seduction of the Innocent" (1954). After this book became popular, the United States Congress took a close look at the comic book industry. Also, the Comics Code was made in response. He called television "a school for violence".

He was born on 20 March 20 1895 in Munich. He studied medicine in Germany and England. He and Sigmund Freud wrote letters to each other, and Wertham chose to study mainly psychiatry. In 1922 he was asked to come to the United States and to join the Phipps Psychiatric Clinic at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. He became a United States citizen in 1927. He moved to New York City in 1932. He became the director of a psychiatric clinic connected with the New York Court of General Sessions. All people who were convicted of serious crimes had a psychiatric examination there. The report from those examinations were used in court. In 1935 Wertham spoke in court for the defense in the trial of Albert Fish, a serial killer. Wertham said Fish was insane.

In "Seduction of the Innocent", Wertham wrote about clear or hidden violence, sex, drug use, and other adult topics in "crime comics". Wertham used the words "crime comics" to mean popular comics about criminals and murder that were popular at that time. But, he also included superhero and horror comics in the same group of comics. He said that reading violent comics made children violent. However, this idea was from stories he had heard, not careful research.

Comics, especially the crime and horror titles started by EC Comics had many shocking or ugly images. Wertham often reproduced these pictures. He pointed out themes about death such as "injury to the eye" that he thought were common. One example Jack Cole's "Murder, Morphine and Me" in Magazine Village's "True Crime Comics" Vol. 1, #2 (May 1947). The story showed a character named Mary Kennedy who was a drug dealer. In her dream, she was almost stabbed in the eye with a needle by a drug addict.). Many of his other ideas seemed like nonsense to the comics industry. Wertham thought he saw hidden sexual themes in comics such as nude women hidden in drawings of muscles and tree bark. He also thought Batman and Robin were gay partners. Wertham's idea that Wonder Woman had a hidden story of bondage did have some facts to support it. Her creator William Moulton Marston had said the same thing. However, Wertham also claimed that Wonder Woman's strength and independence made her a lesbian.

Wertham's book had many problems. He did not clearly record information with citations or a bibliography. There was no way of knowing if the stories in his book were true. In 2012, Carol Tilley, a professor of library and information science, found that Wertham was not honest in "Seduction". He changed many facts such as making children in the book younger than they really were.

Wertham's views on mass media have largely overshadowed his broader concerns with violence and with protecting children from psychological harm. His writings about the effects of racial segregation were evidence in the important Supreme Court case "Brown v. Board of Education". Part of his 1966 book, "A Sign for Cain", was about medical professionals and their actions in the Holocaust. He talked about the book on a popular TV program. Parts of these programs were shown at the 2003 Comic-Con International: San Diego

Beaty writes that in 1959 Wertham tried to sell an another book to follow "Seduction of the Innocent". It was called "The War on Children". The book was about the effect of television on children. Wertham was unhappy that no companies wanted to publish it.

Wertham always said he did not want censorship of comics. In the 1970s he was more interested in the good side of comics fan groups. In his last book, "The World of Fanzines" (1974), he concluded that fanzines were a good way to be creative. Wertham was asked to speak to the New York Comic Art Convention. Most comics fans still had bad opinions about him. They did not trust him and yelled at him during his speech. He soon stopped writing about comics.

Before he retired, Wertham had several jobs. He became a professor of psychiatry at New York University. He was a senior psychiatrist in the New York City Department of Hospitals and a psychiatrist and the director of the Mental Hygiene Clinic at the Bellevue Hospital Center.

He died on November 18, 1981 at his retirement home in Kempton, Pennsylvania. He was 86 years old.

The Library of Congress keeps his papers. People were able to study them starting May 20, 2010. The library has a list of all of his writing. This list shows Wertham's many different interests.




Shuzo Matsuoka

He was a tennis player on the Japanese national team at the Summer Olympic Games in 1988 at Seoul, in 1992 at Barcelona and in 1996 at Atlanta. 

ATP tour, best singles rank:

ATP tour, singles rank:

KAL Cup:

Stella-Artois Queen's Club grass court tournament:

Wimbledon:


Bully (video game)

Bully (PAL region PlayStation 2 version is called Canis Canem Edit) was released on 17 October 2006 by Rockstar Games. Because the game became very popular, Rockstar released the remake called Bully: Scholarship Edition. This version was for the Xbox 360, Wii and Microsoft Windows. There are not many differences between the classic "Bully" and the "Scholarship Edition", however there are 4 new classes available: Biology, Music, Math and Geography.

Poxviridae

Poxviridae are family of large complex DNA viruses, including the vaccinia and variola viruses, that are pathogenic to humans and animals and have an affinity for skin tissue. Smallpox is in the family Poxviridae.

Four genera of poxviruses may infect humans: orthopox, parapox, yatapox, molluscipox. Orthopox: variola virus, vaccinia virus, cowpox virus, monkeypox virus, smallpox (eradicated); Parapox: orf virus, pseudocowpox, bovine papular stomatitis virus; Yatapox: tanapox virus, yaba monkey tumor virus; Molluscipox: molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV).

Edward Drinker Cope

Edward Drinker Cope (July 28, 1840 – April 12, 1897) was an American biologist. He was notable for his work on fossil animals of North America. Cope was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Cope was a paleontologist, comparative anatomist, herpetologist and ichthyologist. He wrote many papers. His parents were rich Quakers.

His father wanted him to be a farmer, but he became a scientist. He married his cousin. Later, they owned a museum in Philadelphia.

Mostly, he read books on his own to learn science and found things out himself. He was not a teacher. He did field work, and wrote a lot. In the 1870s and 1880s, went to the American West to report what the land was like to the government. He was often on a mapping team sent by the United States Geological Survey.

For a while he and Othniel Charles Marsh were competing to find dinosaurs. This fight between them is called the Bone Wars. Sometimes being a scientist cost him more money than he could afford. In the 1880s, Cope lost so much money in his silver mines that he had to sell a lot of his fossil collection in 1886. In the 1890s he was no longer poor, but he died when he was only 57.

1,400 of his articles were published in science journals. He found over 1,000 species of extinct animals. He wrote about hundreds of kinds of ancient fish. He found dozens of dinosaurs. He wrote about the evolution of mammalian molars teeth, and produced two huge works on the amphibia and reptiles of North America.

Cope showed that horses evolved to be larger as they moved from woodland onto grassland. The fact that the fossils show the mammals getting bigger over time is called Cope's rule.

Cope was the first son of Alfred and Hanna Cope. His father was a serious Quaker and ran the shipping business started by his father, Thomas P. Cope. The business was started in 1821. His parents took him to gardens, museums, and zoos. They taught him to read and write and draw.

He started going to school when he was 9 years old. When he was 12, his parents sent him away to a Quaker boarding school. At 15 years old he studied biology (natural history) and often visited the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia. They had a Natural history museum.

His letters home show he felt farm work was not for him. Cope’s father made him get a summer job on a farm when he was 14 and 15. When he was 16 he was not sent to the boarding school any more because his father wanted him to be a farmer. His father wanted him to get more exercise, so he bought him a farm. Cope rented out the land to farmers and worked on farms.

When he was 18 years old he, began working at the Academy of Natural Sciences part-time. He took classes. His father paid for them. Still, his father said he should farm. Until he was 23, his letters to his father kept saying he did not want to be a farmer and that he wanted to be a scientist.

He worked at the Academy of Natural Sciences for two years, and became a member. He sometimes had to visit the Smithsonian Institution where he met Spencer Baird, who knew all about fish and birds. He also joined the American Philosophical Society. The Academy and the Society published journals, and they accepted his articles.

In 1861 when he was 21 years old, he wrote about classifying salamanders. A salamander is an amphibian. He then took a comparative anatomy class from a famous teacher at the University of Pennsylvania. Cope then asked his father if he could learn German and French so he could read science books and novels in German and French.

At the beginning of the American Civil War Cope tried to get a job helping in a field hospital. Then, when he was 22, he wanted to somehow help out the freed blacks. That year, 1863, he and his fiancée broke up and he was sad. He went to Ireland, England and Europe. During his trip, he met famous scientists.

While in Germany, he first met his rival, scientist Othniel Charles Marsh. On February 11, 1864, he wrote to his father, “I shall get home in time to . . . be caught by the new draft. I shall not be sorry for this . . . certain persons . . . would be mean enough to say that I have gone to Europe to avoid the war".

Cope’s return home to Philadelphia was before the end of the Civil War. He married a Quaker girl he knew, Annie Pim. She lived on a farm and the wedding was held at her house.

Cope wrote papers on fish, whales, and one on a fossil frog with a tail. Cope’s father gave money to a small Quaker college called Haverford College. The college gave Cope an honorary master's degree and hired him to teach Zoology.

Cope went on scientific trips to the American west and wrote letters to his parents and to his wife and daughter while on those trips. He told his father that teaching took up too much of his time for him to make scientific discoveries. He quit his job at the college. He and his wife and daughter then moved to Haddonfield to be closer to the fossil beds in western New Jersey.

In Haddonfield, New Jersey were marlpits, where a dinosaur skeleton was discovered in 1858 by William Foulke and named "Hadrosaurus foulkii" by Dr. Leidy of Philadelphia's Academy of Natural Sciences. Cope found more fossils in the marlpits there. For example, he described "Elasmosaurus platyurus" and "Laelaps" in 1868. Edward Cope also went on expeditions to caves; the last cave he visited was the Wyandotte Caves in Indiana in 1871.

In his 30s the Quaker wrote a lot of scientific papers that were published. Charles Sternberg said that in the fossil fields of Kansas Cope had a "severe attack of nightmare . . . every animal of which we had found trace during the day played with him at night . . . sometimes he would lose half the night in this exhausting slumber".

Cope also looked for fossils in the west of the United States. In 1872 he explored Eocene rocks. The rocks were 55 to 38 million years old. That year, he worked too much and had a breakdown. In 1873 he studied the "Titanothere" beds (strata) of northeastern Colorado. "Titanothere" was a large extinct herbivore.

In 1874 Cope volunteered for the Wheeler Survey. These geological mapping trips were led by George Montague Wheeler. They mapped parts of the United States west of the 100th meridian. The 100th meridian west is the boundary between the dry West and the rainy East of the United States.

In 1874 Cope discovered the Puerco formation in New Mexico during the Wheeler Survey. The Puerco formation was a layer of soft rock 500 feet thick along the upper Puerco River near Cuba, New Mexico. It was green and black marl (that contained chemicals used in making fertilizer). Fossils were later found by someone at a similar formation west of there in a different county. Cope said it was like those fossils came from his Puerco formation, which he discovered. His cliff may have been dug by the river over a long time and it looked like it had been there a long time. It was something the scientists he knew had not seen before him. As part of the Wheeler Survey, he was able to shop at commissaries. He was able to get his finding in the reports the survey published. He brought his wife and daughter along on one trip of the survey, renting a house for them. As a volunteer, he paid his own way.

When Cope was 35, his father died, leaving him a quarter of a million dollars. The next year, 1876, Cope moved his wife and daughter from their house by the apple orchard in Haddonfield, New Jersey back to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – this time to a row house in the City. He bought two units and used the one next door as a paleo-lab for his fossil collection. He stopped doing field work to catch up on his writing. He hired teams to look for fossils for him. And, he helped the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition set up their fossil displays. In 1877 he was able to buy half of the "American Naturalist."

He published papers so fast his rival, Professor Marsh, had doubts about when Cope’s fossils were found. In August 1878 when he was 38, Cope sailed to the British Isles to attend a scientific convention in Dublin Ireland. He then sailed to France to go to a two-day scientific convention there. At one of the conventions he decided to buy some boxes of Argentine fossils, maybe for the museum in Philadelphia.

When Cope came back, two years-worth of collecting by his man Lucas awaited him. This included a "Camarasaurus", a sauropod.

Cope introduced his (then) friend Marsh to the marl pit owner, Albert Vorhees, when the two visited the site. Later he discovered that Marsh had gone—behind Cope's back and made a private agreement with Vorhees: any fossils that Vorhees's men found were sent back to Marsh at New Haven.

In 1868 Professor Marsh said Cope put the skull of dinosaur at the tail end. It was "Elasmosaurus", a long-necked plesiosaur. It turned out Marsh was right, and Cope was humiliated.

The feud lasted for the rest of Cope’s life. Both became less wealthy trying to keep the other’s men from digging for fossils. Each criticized the other’s work in the New York Herald. Another time Marsh tried to keep Cope from getting his articles and books published, so Cope hired two fossil-finders away from Marsh.
In 1889, U.S. Geological Survey stopped giving grants to Cope. Marsh persuaded John Wesley Powell to ask Cope to give the Survey the specimens Cope found back in 1874. Cope did not want to give the fossils to the Survey because when he found them he was a volunteer paying his own way. So, he spoke to the "New York Herald". The first article was on January 12, 1890. Cope said Marsh underpaid his workers, and said some of what Marsh wrote was really written by others. Also, he said Powell was spending tax money wrong and had made mistakes in classifying fossils. Later, another article gave their side of the story. As a result of the articles, the Survey lost its funding for fossil-finding. Marsh got fired from the Survey. And, Cope almost got fired from the University of Pennsylvania. Cope wondered if people thought of him as “a liar . . . actuated by jealousy and disappointment.” He seemed sorry Marsh had been fired, writing to Paleontologist Henry Osborn, “I think Marsh is impaled on the horns of "Monoclonius sphenocerus".

In 1882 Cope wrote a paper about a fossil pelycosaur "Edaphosaurus". It looked like a lizard with a huge fin along its back. In 1886 Professor Cope fired his fossil diggers and started selling some of his large fossil collection to museums. He also wrote forty more scientific reports about their findings that year.

In 1889 he reported "Coelophysis", a slender dinosaur from the Upper Triassic. This little carnivore is one of the earliest dinosaurs found. The same year, he succeeded Joseph Leidy, who had died the previous year, as professor of zoology at the University of Pennsylvania.

In 1892, Cope (then 52 years old) was granted expense money for field work from the Texas Geological Survey. With his finances improved, he was able to publish a massive work on the "Batrachians of North America", which was the most detailed work on the continent's frogs and amphibians ever done, and the 1,115-page "The Crocodilians, Lizards and Snakes of North America".

In the 1890s his publication rate increased to an average of 43 articles a year. His final expedition to the West took place in 1894, when he prospected for dinosaurs in South Dakota and visited sights in Texas and Oklahoma.

In 1895 Cope re-hired Sternberg, who knew about the nightmares he had about dinosaurs, to look for fossils for him.

Cope sold fossils to museums. For example, in 1895 the American Museum of Natural History in New York City bought his collection of about 10,000  fossil mammals.

Cope sold three other collections for $29,000. Although his collection still contained more than 13,000 specimens, Cope's fossil hoard was much smaller than Marsh's collection, which was valued at over a million dollars.

In 1896 Cope got sick, and he died on April 12, 1897. His friends told of how they remembered him. They then held the reading of his will. The "American Journal of Science" had an obituary about Cope. The "Naturalist" had a longer one. And, the National Academy of Sciences' journal had one years later.

Edward D. Cope was a Quaker. His biographer Henry Osborn wrote, “If Edward... (had) doubts about the... Bible... he did not (tell) them in his letters to his family, but there can be little question... that he shared the intellectual unrest of the period". Cope was conservative about women working or voting. He felt the husband should be able to take care of his wife and that married women would vote the same as their husbands.

He was remembered as not liking the Negro accent, and he believed that if "a race was not white then it was inherently more ape-like".

Although his daughter Julia burnt many of his private papers, many of his friends have written about him. Charles R. Knight, a former friend, said that Cope's language was so filthy that "in [Cope's] heyday no woman was safe within five miles of him".

People said Cope had great energy and activity and was always interesting, kind and helpful. Others said he had a temper and said he was a "militant paleontologist". Some say he was well-liked by those who lived when he did.

Cope said Charles Darwin's book "The Voyage of the Beagle" had "too much geology in it".

Over his lifetime Cope's views on evolution shifted. His original view, described in the paper "On the Origin of Genera" (1868), held that while Darwin's natural selection may affect the preservation of superficial characteristics in organisms, natural selection alone could not explain the formation of genera.

Cope's beliefs became one with an increased emphasis on continual and utilitarian evolution with less involvement of a Creator. He became one of the founders of the Neo-Lamarckism school of thought, which holds that individuals can pass on traits acquired in its lifetime to offspring. Although the view has been shown to be incorrect, it was common among paleontologists in Cope's time. In 1887, Cope published his own "Origin of the Fittest: essays in evolution", detailing his views on the subject. He was a strong believer in the law of use and disuse—that an individual will slowly, over time, favor an anatomical part of its body so much that it will become stronger and larger as time progresses down the generations. This theory fails because use and disuse does not affect the genetic code of the gametes, something which became clear in the generations after his death.



National Science Foundation

The National Science Foundation (NSF) is a United States government agency where discoveries begin and supports fundamental research and education in all the non-medical fields of science and engineering. Its medical counterpart is the National Institutes of Health. With an annual budget of about US$6.87 billion (fiscal year 2010), the NSF funds approximately 20 percent of all federally supported basic research conducted by the United States' colleges and universities. In some fields, such as mathematics, computer science, economics and the social sciences, the NSF is the major source of federal backing.

The NSF's director, deputy director, and the 24 members of the National Science Board (NSB) are appointed by the President of the United States, and confirmed by the United States Senate. The director and deputy director are responsible for administration, planning, budgeting and day-to-day operations of the foundation, while the NSB meets six times a year to establish its overall policies.


Y tu mamá también

Y tu mamá también ("And your mother too") is a 2001 award-winning Mexican road movie. It was directed by Alfonso Cuarón and written by him and his brother Carlos Cuarón.

It was released without a rating in the United States because the movie's distributors believed a market-limiting NC-17 was unavoidable. This movie was released during 2002 in the US.

Adriaan Blaauw

Adriaan Blaauw (April 12 1914—December 1 2010) was a Dutch astronomer. He was an expert on the development of groups of young stars and how they expand away from each other. He discovered that some massive stars, known as runaways, can be moving at speeds of hundreds of kilometers per second. He was the scientific director of the European Southern Observatory and later became its Director General. From 1976 to 1979 he was the President of the International Astronomical Union.

Drosophila pseudoobscura

Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly, used extensively in lab studies of the genetics of natural populations.

It was first used by Theodosius Dobzhansky and his colleagues. They collected samples from populations in western North America and Mexico, and grew them in 'population cages' in the laboratory. They were interested in natural selection, genetic drift, and other aspects of population genetics.

In 1989 Diane Dodd gave laboratory populations of "D. pseudoobscura" two different food types, starch and maltose. They rapidly evolved into two distinct groups after only eight generations with the different foods. As the two groups both showed a strong preference for mating with their own type, this was claimed as an example of speciation by reproductive isolation. Dodd's experiment has been repeated by others, and works with other kinds of fruit flies and foods.

In 2005, "D. pseudoobscura" was the second "Drosophila" species to have its genome sequenced, after "Drosophila melanogaster".

Substitute teacher

A substitute teacher is a person who is paid to teach a school class when the normal teacher cannot be there. This may be if the normal teacher is sick or out of town. The term "substitute teacher" is often used in the United States, but in the United Kingdom, the term supply teacher is often used. In Victoria, Casual relief teacher (CRT) is the term used.

Dana Delany

Dana Welles Delany (born March 13, 1956) is an Emmy Award-winning American movie and television actress. She is well known for her role as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television show "China Beach" (1988–1991), Katherine Mayfair on "Desperate Housewives" (2007–2010) and Megan Hunt on "Body of Proof" (2011–present).

Fastball

Fastball is an American rock band from Austin, Texas. It started in the 1990s with the name Magneto U.S.A., but later changed its name to Fastball.

Fastball became popular around Austin, Texas. It released its first album, "Make Your Mama Proud", in 1996. However, the band did not became famous until it released its second album, "All The Pain Money Can Buy" in 1998. The first song on this album, "The Way", became a hit. This song was about an elderly couple who got lost while traveling to a family reunion and died. However, band member Tony Scalzo, who wrote the song, gave the story a happier ending in the lyrics. The album had another big hit, "Out Of My Head", and the song "Fire Escape" also was played on the radio. The band's next albums, "The Harsh Light Of Day", "Keep Your Wig On", and "Little White Lies", did not sell as many copies as "All The Pain Money Can Buy".



Time Person of the Year

Person of the Year is a special issue of the American magazine "Time". It has been published each year since 1927. Until 1999, it was called "Man of the Year."

The "Person of the Year" is not always a person. It can be a person, group, idea, or thing that "for better or for worse...has done the most to influence the events of the year". This means that being chosen is not an award, like being chosen as the "best person of the year." The Person of the Year may be an enemy of the United States, like Adolf Hitler (1938) or Joseph Stalin (1939 and 1942). Every year, "Time" chooses the person who they think has had the most effect on the things that have happened in that year (whether those things were good or bad).

The first Person of the Year was aviator Charles Lindbergh, in 1927. Since then, Persons of the Year have included groups, whole generations, important objects, and even the Earth. Since the list began, every serving President of the United States has been a Person of the Year at least once, except for Calvin Coolidge, Herbert Hoover, and Gerald Ford. Franklin D. Roosevelt is the only person to have been named Person of the Year three times.

The December 31, 1999 issue of "Time" named Albert Einstein the "Person of the Century". Franklin D. Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi were chosen as runners-up.

Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans

Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans (13 September 1676 – 23 December 1744) was a niece of Louis XIV and wife of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine. She was later regent of Lorraine. As a widow she was created Princess of Commercy. Among her children was Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, father of Marie Antoinette. She also had much input in the construction of the "Château de Lunéville". She also introduced the future architect "Germain Boffrand" to the royal courts in 1711. 

Élisabeth Charlotte was born at the Château de Saint-Cloud the daughter of Philippe, Duke of Orléans and of his second wife, Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. Her father was the only sibling of King Louis XIV of France.

She was entitled to have the style of "Her Royal Highness". At birth, she was given the honorary style "Mademoiselle de Chartres". After the marriage of her two older half-sisters, Marie Louise and Anne Marie born of the first marriage of their father to Henrietta of England, she was known as "Madame Royale", according to her status as the highest-ranking unmarried princess in France.

There were plans for her to marry Joseph Clemens of Bavaria (Élisabeth Charlotte herself refused), William III of England, Holy Roman Emperor Joseph I, Joseph was suggested by Pope Innocent XII himself, as well as her widowed first cousin Louis, Grand Dauphin. Another was Louis Auguste de Bourbon, Duke of Maine, eldest son of Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan.

Élisabeth Charlotte was finally married on 13 October 1698 at the Palace of Fontainebleau to Leopold, Duke of Lorraine, son of Charles V, Duke of Lorraine, and of the Archduchess Eleonora of Austria. The marriage was the result of the Treaty of Ryswick, one of its conditions being that the Duchy of Lorraine, which had been for many years in the possession of France, be restored to Leopold, a son of Charles V, Duke of Lorraine. Thus, Élisabeth Charlotte was but an instrument to cement the peace treaty. The House of Lorraine received a dowry of 900,000 Livres. 

To everyone surprise, what had been expected to be an unhappy union turned out to be a marriage of love and happiness. With the birth of her children, Élisabeth Charlotte showed great maternal instinct and a naturally caring character. The marriage produced thirteen children, of which five survived into adulthood. Three of them died within a week in May 1711 due to a smallpox outbreak at the Château de Lunéville, the country seat of the Duke's of Lorraine.

Her husband died in 1729, leaving his wife Regent of Lorraine for their son, Francis Stephen of Lorraine. After being educated in Vienna, Francis Stephen returned to Lorraine in 1737, ending his mother's tenure as regent.

Élisabeth Charlotte tried to engage her youngest child Anne Charlotte to King Louis XV; this project failed due to the intrigues of Duke of Bourbon; Élisabeth Charlotte then tried to arrange the marriage of Anne Charlotte to her first cousin Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, who had been recently widowed; Louis d'Orléans refused. 

Unable to prevent her son from giving up the duchy of Lorraine to Stanisław Leszczyński when he married the Habsburg heiress, Maria Theresa of Austria, Élisabeth Charlotte moved into the "Château d’Haroué" in nearby Commercy, which was turned into a sovereign principality for her to enjoy during her dowager years. 

Élisabeth Charlotte died of a stroke, on 23 December 1744, one week after her daughter-in-law and grandchild, at the age of sixty-eight. She was the last of her siblings to die and had outlived ten of her thirteen children. Nine months after her death, her son Francis Stephen became Holy Roman Emperor.

She was buried in the funerary chapel of the Dukes of Lorraine in the "Saint-François-des-Cordeliers" church in Nancy.




Metalworking

Metalworking is the shaping of metals to create single parts, assemblies, or large scale buildings/objects. There are many ways of shaping metal, including machining, metalspinning, forging, casting, goldsmith and fabricating. Humans have been working metal for close to 7000 years.

DJ Shadow

Joshua Paul Davis, (born June 29, 1972) known by his stage name DJ Shadow, is an American music producer, DJ and songwriter. He is an important person in the history of instrumental hip hop. He became well known after his first album "Endtroducing...", which was made entirely from samples. He has a collection of over 60,000 records.

Thallium(I) carbonate

Thallium(I) carbonate, also known as thallous carbonate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlCO. It has thallium and carbonate ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water. It is the only heavy metal carbonate that can dissolve in water. It is similar to potassium carbonate. It is highly toxic, though. It reacts with acids like all carbonates do to make a thallium salt and carbon dioxide.

It is made by reacting thallium(I) oxide with carbon dioxide.

It is used to make fake diamonds, to test for carbon disulfide, and to kill fungi.


Thallium(I) fluoride

Thallium(I) fluoride, also known as thallous fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlF. It has thallium and fluoride ions. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state. 

Thallium(I) fluoride is a white solid. It dissolves easily in water. It also dissolves in ethanol. It absorbs a little water in wet air.

It is made by reacting thallium(I) oxide or thallium(I) carbonate with hydrofluoric acid.


Thallium(I) hydroxide

Thallium(I) hydroxide, also known as thallous hydroxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlOH. It has thallium and hydroxide ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) hydroxide is a yellow solid. It dissolves in water to make a yellow and very basic solution, similar to potassium hydroxide. It reacts with acids to make thallium salts. It breaks down to thallium(I) oxide when heated.

It is made by dissolving thallium(I) oxide in water or by reacting thallium with water or moist air.


Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia

Victor Amadeus III (Vittorio Amadeo Maria; 26 June 1726–16 October 1796) was King of Sardinia from 1773 until his death. Although he was politically conservative, he carried out numerous administrative reforms until declaring war on revolutionary France in 1792.

Born at the Royal Palace of Turin, he was a son of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia and his second wife Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg. He was styled as the "Duke of Savoy" from birth. As a young prince, he surrounded himself with intellectuals and stayed far from public life.

He married Maria Antonia of Spain (1729–1785), youngest daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese, on 31 May 1750 at Oulx and later had twelve children. He had a loving relationship with his wife who exerted little influence over her husband]. The marriage had been arranged by Maria Antonia's half brother, the ruling Ferdinand VI of Spain. 

When Victor Amadeus came to the throne in 1773 he started working on bureaucratic and military aspects of the reign. He was suspicious of anything innovative.

At the outbreak of the French Revolution, Victor Amadeus III allowed his two son's in law, the Counts of Artois, Provence and the Princesses Marie Adélaïde and Victoire to stay in his kingdom under his protection.

He died at the Castle of Moncalieri having suffered an attack of apoplexy. He died leaving an economically damaged kingdom and two key provinces–Savoy and Nice–devastated having suffered at the hands of French revolutionary forces. He was buried at the Basilica of Superga in Turin.



Thallium(I) iodide

Thallium(I) iodide, also known as thallous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlI. It has thallium and iodide ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) iodide is a yellow solid. It does not dissolve in water. It turns red when heated gently. It is a reducing agent. It is very toxic like all thallium compounds.

It is made by reacting thallium with iodine or hydroiodic acid or by reacting any soluble thallium salt like thallium(I) sulfate with any iodide.

Thallium(I) iodide is used in mercury-vapor lamps. It is also used in a detector of radiation.


Thallium(I) oxide

Thallium(I) oxide, also known as thallous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlO. It has thallium and oxide ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) oxide is a black solid. It reacts with water to make a yellow solution of thallium(I) hydroxide. It reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium(I) carbonate. It is a strong base. It reacts with acids to make other thallium salts. It is very toxic.

It is made by heating thallium(I) hydroxide or thallium(I) carbonate in air.

It is used in some superconductors. It is also used to make certain special types of glass.


Thallium oxide

Thallium oxide can refer to either of these thallium oxides:


Thallium(I) sulfide

Thallium(I) sulfide, also known as thallous sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlS. It has thallium and sulfide ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) sulfide is a black solid. It reacts with acids to make hydrogen sulfide and a thallium salt. 

It is found as a mineral called carlinite, but it is rare. It is the only thallium sulfide mineral that does not have another metal in it. It is made in the laboratory by reacting thallium(I) sulfate with hydrogen sulfide or by heating thallium and sulfur together.

It was used in some of the first infrared detectors. One of the first reliable infrared detectors used thallium sulfide and it was made in World War II. 


Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, Duchess of Orléans

Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon (13 March 1753 – 23 June 1821), was the daughter of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre and of Maria Teresa d'Este. At the death of her brother, Louis Alexandre de Bourbon, "prince de Lamballe", she became the wealthiest heiress in France. She married the future "Philippe Égalité", and was the mother of France's last king, Louis Philippe I. She was a princess of the blood by her marriage.

Marie-Adélaïde was born on 13 March 1753 at the Hôtel de Toulouse in Paris. Styled "Mademoiselle d'Ivoy" initially and, as a young girl, until her marriage, "Mademoiselle de Penthièvre" (derived from the duchy inherited by her father). The style of "Mademoiselle de Penthièvre" had been previoulsy borne by her sister Marie Louise de Bourbon (1751–1753) who died six months after Marie Adélaïde's birth. She was raised in a convent, the "Abbaye de Montmartre", overlooking Paris. 

At the death, on 8 May 1768, of her brother and only sibling, the Prince of Lamballe, Marie Adélaïde became heiress to what was to become the largest fortune of France. Her marriage to Louis "Philippe" Joseph d'Orléans, Duke of Chartres, son of the Duke of Orléans, had been envisaged earlier and, while the Duke of Penthièvre saw in it the opportunity for his daughter to marry into the family of the "First Prince of the Blood", the Orléans did not want a union with an illegitimate branch of the royal family. However, the Orléans' mind changed when the Prince of Lamballe's death left his sister sole heiress to the family fortune. Although Marie Adélaîde was much in love with her Orléans cousin, Louis XV warned Penthièvre against such a marriage because of the reputation of the young Duke of Chartres as a womaniser.

Her marriage to the Duke of Chartres took place at the Palace of Versailles on 5 April 1769. 

During the first few months of their marriage, the couple appeared devoted to each other, but the duke went back to the life of "libertinage" he had led before his marriage. It is during the summer of 1772, a few months after his wife had given birth to a stillborn daughter, that began Philippe's secret liaison with one of her ladies-in-waiting, Madame de Genlis, the niece of Madame de Montesson, the morganatic wife of Philippe's father. Passionate at first, the liaison cooled within a few months and, by the spring of 1773, was reported to be "dead". After the romantic affair was over, Félicité remained in the service of Marie Adélaïde at the Palais-Royal, a trusted friend to both Marie Adélaïde and Philippe. They both appreciated her intelligence and, in July 1779, she became the governess of the couple's twin daughters born in 1777. 

On 5 April 1791, Marie Adélaïde left her unfaithful husband and went to live with her father at the "château de Bizy" in Normandy. In September 1792, having sided with the Revolution, the Duke of Orléans was elected to the National Convention under the name of "Philippe Égalité". Siding with the radical group called The Mountain ("La Montagne"), he was from the very beginning suspect in the eyes of the Girondists ("Girondins"), who wanted all the Bourbons to be banished from France. The fate of the Orléans family was sealed when Marie-Adélaïde's eldest son, the duc de Chartres, "Général Égalité" in the Army of the North commanded by Charles François Dumouriez, sought political asylum from the Austrians in March 1793. On 6 April, all the members of the Orléans family still remaining in France were arrested.

After their arrest in Paris, Philippe Égalité and his son, the comte de Beaujolais, were imprisoned in the Abbey prison ("prison de l'Abbaye") in Paris. Later, the two were transferred to the prison of Fort Saint-Jean in Marseille, where they were soon joined by the duc de Montpensier who had been arrested while serving as an officer in the Army of the Alps. The day before his father and brothers were arrested in France, the duc de Chartres rushed to Tournai, near the French border, where his sister Adélaïde and Mme de Genlis had been living since Philippe Égalité had made them emigrate in November 1792.

Upon the execution of her husband, Marie-Adélaïde, now known as ""Veuve Égalité"" (Widow "Égalité"), was incarcerated at the Luxembourg Palace, which had been transformed into a prison during the Revolution. There she met the man who was to become the "love of her life", a former member of the National Convention named Jacques-Marie Rouzet. The two always remained together and lived in Paris until 1797, when a decree banished the remaining members of the House of Bourbon from France.

Marie Adélaïde was exiled to Spain, as was her sister-in-law Bathilde d'Orléans. Rouzet accompanied them to the Spanish border and managed to secretly join them in Barcelona where he became her chancellor. 

Marie Adélaïde, Rouzet and the Orléans exiled in Spain returned to France in 1814 at the time of the first Bourbon Restoration. After legal battles which lasted until her death, the bulk of her inheritance was eventually recovered. She died in her castle at Ivry-sur-Seine having suffered from breast cancer. She also was buried at the "Chapelle royale de Dreux".

Sometimes the princess is incorrectly named "Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon-Penthièvre" which is incorrect, and misleading (see her "own" signature above).



Thallium(I) sulfate

Thallium(I) sulfate, also known as thallous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TlSO. It has thallium and sulfate ions in it. The thallium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Thallium(I) sulfate is colorless, odorless, and tasteless. It is very toxic, though. It dissolves easily in water and is similar to potassium sulfate. 

It is made by dissolving thallium ore or thallium metal in sulfuric acid.

It was used in rat poison, but since it is so similar to other chemicals, it poisoned some people and was outlawed. It was also used for some medicines before it was found that it was too toxic. It stops plants from germinating. It is the main source of thallium in the laboratory and is used to make thallium(I) sulfide. 

Thallium sulfate, like all thallium compounds, is very toxic. This is because the size of the thallium ion is very similar to the size of the potassium ion. After it goes into the cells, it cannot be used like potassium is used and so kills the cell. It also gets absorbed through the skin. Eating more than 1/2 gram can kill. It gets deposited in the kidney, liver, brain, and similar places. It has been blamed for the extinction of the Brown Fish Owl. 


Thallium halide

The thallium halides come in two oxidation states: monohalides, where thallium has the oxidation state +1, and trihalides, where thallium generally has oxidation state +3.

The monohalides all contain thallium with oxidation state +1.

Thallium(III) halides are very rare. Some of them are unstable. The thallium(III) iodide does not form. They are quite different to aluminium, gallium and indium trihalides.


Up quark

Up quarks are subatomic particles that help make up many larger particles, such as protons. Up quarks have a charge of +2/3, and are the lightest of the six types of quarks. Up quarks have a spin of 1/2, which is the spin all fermions have. They are affected by all four of the fundamental forces, which are gravity, the strong force, the weak force, and electromagnetism. Up quarks are elementary particles, similar to all other quarks. This means that they are so small that scientists believe that they can not be divided any more.

Protons (which have a total charge of +1) are made of two up quarks (which have a charge of +2/3) and one down quark (which has a charge of -1/3). Neutrons (which have a total charge of 0) are made of one up quark, and two down quarks. Up quarks can also be used to create more complex particles, such as pions.

The Rape of the Lock

The Rape of the Lock is a poem written by Alexander Pope, mocking heros and heroines. It was first published anonymously in "Lintot's Miscellany" in May 1712.

The poem is sarcastically laughing at the epic world of the gods. It was based on an incident that was remembered by Pope's friend, John Caryll. Arabella Fermor and Robert Petre were both from Catholic families at a time in England when Anglicanism was very important. Petre, lusting after Arabella, had cut a lock of her hair to keep without permission, which made the two families have a big argument. This was because in those days, cutting off a lock of the lover's hair was scandalous and symbolized improper love. Pope, also a Catholic, wrote the poem to make the two families reconcile and be happy again. He made the character Belinda to represent Arabella in the poem.

Pope's poem mocks all the traditions of classics. Although the poem is funny at times, Pope keeps a sense that beauty is fragile, and that just because Belinda loses a lock of her hair she is very deeply hurt.

Three of Uranus's moons are named after characters from "The Rape of the Lock": Belinda, Umbriel, and Ariel.


Gorgonopsid

The Gorgonopsids were Therapsids, a group of tetrapods which eventually gave rise to the mammals. Gorgonopsids had fur and layed eggs.

Gorgonopsids were a successful group which lived during the Permian period, about 260 million years ago. They became extinct in the Permian–Triassic extinction event. 

They were the major predators of their day. They had large, powerful, square-shaped jaws with huge, sabre-like canine and interlaced, socket-like teeth. Many fossils have been found in South Africa.

The largest known, "Inostrancevia", was the size of a large bear with a 45 cm long skull, and 12-cm long sabre-like teeth. 

The Gorgonopsidae are divided into three sub-families: 

Gorgonops

Gorgonops (literally "Gorgon' face") is the name given to an extinct genus of therapsid which lived about 255-250 million years ago, during the latest part of the Permian period. It was a typical representative of the Gorgonopsia, the dominant predators of their day, which in the largest forms grew to over four meters long. 

Down quark

Down quarks (sometimes written as a "d") are very small particles that help make up many larger particles, like protons and neutrons. Down quarks have a charge of -1/3. Since Down quarks are fermions (which means that no two of them can exist in the same space at the same time), they have a spin of 1/2. Down quarks are the second lightest quark, the first being up quarks.

The antiparticle of a Down quark is a Down antiquark, or simply an antidown.

Strange quark

Strange quarks are the third lightest quarks, which are subatomic particles that are so small, they are believed to be the fundamental particles, and not further divisible. Like down quarks, strange quarks have a charge of -1/3. Like all fermions (which are particles that cannot exist in the same place at the same time), strange quarks have a spin of 1/2. What makes strange quarks different from down quarks–apart from having 25 times the mass of down quarks–is that they have something that scientists call "strangeness." Strangeness is basically a resistance to decay against strong force and electromagnetism. This means that any particle that contains a strange quark cannot decay due to strong force (or electromagnetism), but instead with the much slower weak force. It was believed that this was a 'strange' method of decay, which is why the scientists gave the particles that name.

Strange quarks can be found in particles such as kaons and some hyperons. Scientists began noticing strangeness when these particles did not decay as quickly as their masses would have suggested they would have. However, it took them a long time to even guess strangeness was the answer because it took over 16 years to predict it after the discovery of kaons.

Charm quark

Charm quarks or c quarks are the third most massive of the six quarks. Like all quarks, they are thought to be so small that they can not be divided. (They are called elementary particles for this reason). Similar to up quarks, charm quarks have a charge of +2/3. Although charm quarks are not extremely common, they can be found in particles created by particle accelerators (which smash atoms together at extremely high speeds), such as J/ψ mesons, D mesons, and other charmed particles. Since they are fermions (particles that can not have more than one of that particle at the same place at the same time), charm quarks have a spin of 1/2. 

The discovery of charm quarks – and J/ψ mesons – led to a rapid series of scientific breakthroughs. These events are known as the November revolution.

Ōsaka Station

Ōsaka Station (大阪駅,おおさかえき) is a railway station of JR West in Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan. This station is also connected to Umeda Station.



Othniel Charles Marsh

Othniel Charles Marsh M.A PhD LL.D (October 29, 1831 – March 18, 1899) was one of the leading paleontologists of the 19th century. He discovered and named many fossils found in western North America.

Marsh was born in Lockport, New York, into a family of modest means. However, he was the nephew of the very rich banker and philanthropist, George Peabody. 

He graduated from Yale College in 1860. He later studied geology and mineralogy in New Haven, and afterwards paleontology and anatomy in Berlin, Heidelberg and Breslau. He returned to the United States in 1866 and was appointed professor of vertebrate paleontology at Yale University. He persuaded his uncle George Peabody to establish the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale.

Marsh and his many fossil hunters were able to uncover about 500 new species of fossil animals, which were named by Marsh himself. 

In May 1871, Marsh uncovered the first pterosaur fossils found in America. He also found early horses, the Cretaceous and Jurassic dinosaurs "Apatosaurus" and "Allosaurus", and described the toothed birds of the Cretaceous; "Ichthyornis" and "Hesperornis". 

Marsh is also known for the so-called "Bone Wars" waged against Edward Drinker Cope. The two men were fiercely competitive, discovering and documenting more than 120 new species of dinosaur between them. Marsh eventually won the Bone Wars by finding 80 new species of dinosaur, while Cope only found 56.

Web application

A web application is a software application that can be run without being installed on the client and that has several parts: A part of it will run on the remote web server, another part will run on the client, usually inside a web browser. Both parts communicate over a computer network, for example the internet. The protocol they often use is called HTTP. This kind of application design is called client-server model. A Web application can be advantageous because the use of browsers allows the application to be compatible with most standard computers and operating systems whilst it does not take up memory on a computer’s hard dive and is accessible from nearly any computer or device a person might use.The parts are usually called "tiers". The most common kind is a three-tier application: One tier is called Presentation tier, another is called Application tier, and the third is called Storage tier. Common examples of web applications are those used for web mail, or for online banking. Social media sites, such as Wikipedia are also web applications. 




Boron group

The boron group, also known as Group III and Group 13, is a group of elements on the periodic table. Most of its members are poor metals, except for boron. Boron is a semimetal. The rest of the elements are soft metals. 


Bottom quark

Bottom quarks or beauty quarks are the second most massive of the elementary particles (particles that are so small that they can not be divided any more). All quarks are elementary particles. Bottom quarks have a charge of -1/3, similar to down quarks. Although bottom quarks are not very common, they are found in particles such as B mesons, among others. All bottom quarks will decay into charm quarks or up quarks in about 10, due to weak force.

Top quark

Top quarks or truth quarks are the heaviest known elementary particles (particles that are so small that they can not be divided). All quarks are elementary particles, and since they are fermions (which means that no two of them can exist in the same place at the same time), they have a spin of 1/2. Top quarks interact with all four of the fundamental forces, which are gravity, electromagnetism, strong force, and weak force. Almost all of the time, top quarks will decay into a bottom quark and a W boson, although it can sometimes decay into a strange quark.

One top quark weighs about as much as one atom of tungsten. Since top quarks are so massive, scientists have been able to make predictions about the mass of the Higgs Boson, the only type of boson with an of 0 (scalar boson). Unfortunately, top quarks are only believed to be able to exist for 5x10 seconds.


Gauge boson

Gauge bosons are carrier particles for three of the four fundamental forces. In the Standard Model of particle physics, there are four kinds of gauge bosons. The three gauge bosons are as follows:


The only remaining fundamental force that has no known gauge boson is gravity. The theoretical gauge boson for gravity is called a graviton.

All gauge bosons are bosons, which simply means that two or more of them can exist in the same place at the same time, unlike fermions. It also means that gauge bosons have a spin of 0, 1, or 2. 

Gauge bosons are thought to interact with the Higgs field. This theoretical field is believed by many scientists to be responsible for why some gauge bosons – like W and Z bosons – have mass, while others – such as photons – do not have mass.

Henryk Sienkiewicz

Henryk Adam Aleksander Pius Sienkiewicz (May 5, 1846 – November 15, 1916) was a Polish journalist and Nobel Prize-winning novelist.


Hyperon

Hyperons are particles that are made of quarks. What makes them different from other baryons (particles made of three quarks) is that they must have at least one strange quark, but no charm quarks or bottom quarks. Strange quarks have a property known as strangeness. Strangeness causes the strange quark–and all other particles bonded with it–to not decay by strong force, but instead due to the much slower weak force. Since all quarks are fermions (which means that no two of them can be in the same point in space at the same point in time), each quark has a spin of 1/2, adding up to a total spin of 3/2 for a hyperon. This quickly decays into a 1/2 spin particle.

Hyperons themselves decay due to weak force. There are dozens of different hyperon combinations. For example, a Λ (lambda) hyperon has a charge of 0, and is often written as Λ. When it decays, it usually creates one proton, and one antipion. Like many forms of weak force decay, there is more than one possible outcome. A Λ also has a significantly lower, but still possible, chance to decay into a neutron and an uncharged pion. Λ hyperons have an average lifespan of 2.6x10 seconds, which makes it one of the longest living hyperons.

Scientists still study hyperons in labs across the world, such as CERN, Fermilab, and SLAC. Hyperons provide answers questions for problems such as , in which symmetries that were believed to be true may not be true.

Dither

Dithering is the intentional use of noise (random sounds) to reduce the error of compression. 

Example below: 

Donner Party

The Donner Party were a group of at least 87 American settlers who tried to cross the Sierra Nevada into California in the winter of 1846–47. Most historians count 87 members of the party. Stephen McCurdy in the "Western Journal of Medicine" includes three others, bringing the number to 90. 39 of them died from starvation, disease and the cold weather. The rest reached California the following year. They became famous in the history of the American West.

The party left Springfield, Illinois in April 1846. They were led by two brothers, Jacob and George Donner. The settlers followed the California Trail to Fort Bridger in Wyoming. From there, they left the trail to take a different route that was not used much. It was reportedly a shorter way to California. This route was called the Hastings' Cutoff. There was much hardship and suffering on this route. They wasted 18 precious days. Instead of being shorter, it took them much longer to get across Nevada.

On October 28, heavy snows trapped the settlers in the Sierra Nevada mountains. The group made shelters, but ran out of food. Some of them resorted to cannibalism in order to survive.

On December 16, seventeen people tried to go west again. Of these, two went back to the camp. Of the fifteen who kept going, seven stayed alive and reached a settlement on the western side of the mountains after 32 days. After this, a rescue party went back, and in about two weeks made it to one of the camps set up in the mountains. After this, three more groups tried to rescue those trapped in the mountains. The last person was rescued on April 7,1847. In all, 45 people from the original Donner Party died, and there were 36 who survived. All the survivors made it to California, but they disagreed about what happened during the winter and whose fault it was.

Today, there are several memorials to the group, including a monument and the Donner Memorial State Park. A lake was also named after them.
"Puppet History" talked about the Donner Party in the episode "The Grisly Journey of the Donner Party."

Body of Evidence

Body of Evidence is a 1993 American erotic thriller movie starring Madonna, Willem Dafoe, Joe Mantegna, Anne Archer and Julianne Moore. The movie was written by Brad Mirman, directed Uri Edel and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. It was given an "NC-17" rating because it showed female nudity, sex scenes, and vulgar language. The movie performed very poorly at the box office and was rejected by critics; the New York Times described it as a "sluggish courtroom melodrama." The 99 minute long movie was released by MGM.

Rebecca Carlson (Madonna) is on trial in Oregon for murder. The district attorney Robert Garret (Joe Mantegna) is sure she used her body as a weapon, causing her victim to die from a heart attack while having sex. She will inherit eight million dollars from the victim. She hires a good lawyer, Frank Dulaney (Willem Dafoe) to defend her in court.


Iraqi invasion of Kuwait

The Iraqi invasion of Kuwait was a military campaign to occupy Kuwait in the Persian Gulf. Started by Saddam Hussein in 1990 who accused Kuwait of stealing Iraqi oil through slant drilling. In August 2, 1990 Iraq launched 88,000 troops backed up by 750 tanks into Kuwait. Two days after the invasion Kuwait was fully occupied and surrendered. Saddam Hussein made a temporary annexation of Kuwait as the 19th province of Iraq. It was not recognized by the United Nations or other countries. 

After the occupation, Iraq took over many of the Kuwaiti oil fields and started taking the oil to keep for Iraq. Factories, businesses and industries were also taken over by Iraqis as well.

After seven months of occupation, the United Nations launched a US led coalition to enter Kuwait to free it from Iraq.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah

Sheikh Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah (born 16 June 1929 in Kuwait City – 15 January 2006) was an Emir of Kuwait, also known as the Last Emir in and before the Iraqi Invasion of Kuwait.

Leuconostoc

Leuconostoc is a gram-positive bacteria, emerging human pathogen found in environment and food products. Risk factors of infection include antibiotic pressure, foreign device, or underlying immune defects. Commercial diagnostics are commonly used to identify gram-positive bacteria, with errors mostly at the species level.

Pediococcus

Pediococcus is a genus of gram-positive lactic acid bacteria. They usually occur in pairs or tetrads, and divide along two planes of symmetry, as do the other lactic acid cocci genera. They are purely homofermentative.

"Pediococcus" strains are found in foods, on plants, and as beer-spoilage agents. They produce inactive lactic acid and are used mainly for making fermented vegetables, mashes, beer, and wort.

Portishead (band)

Portishead (, with the stress on "head)" are an English musical group from Bristol. The band is named after the nearby town of the same name, west of Bristol. Portishead is Geoff Barrow, Beth Gibbons, and Adrian Utley, while sometimes using a fourth member Dave McDonald; an engineer on "Dummy".

Charles R. Knight

Charles Robert Knight (October 21, 1874 – April 15, 1953) was an American artist famous for his paintings of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals.

His works were reproduced in many books, and are on display at several major museums in the United States.

As a child, Knight was deeply interested in nature and animals, and spent many hours copying the illustrations from his father’s natural history books. Though legally blind, he was partially sighted. He had severe astigmatism, and a later injury to his right eye, but had specially-designed glasses. At twelve, he enrolled at the Metropolitan Art School to become a commercial artist.

In his free time, Knight visited the American Museum of Natural History, and attracted the attention of Dr. Jacob Wortman. Soon the museum commissioned Knight to produce a series of watercolors for their fossil halls.

These paintings were hugely popular among visitors, and Knight continued to work with the museum well into the 1930s. He painted what would become some of the most celebrated images of dinosaurs, prehistoric mammals, and prehistoric humans.

One of Knight's best-known pieces for the American Museum of Natural History is 1897’s "Leaping Laelaps", one of the few pre-1960s images to present dinosaurs as active, fast-moving creatures. This was long before the theories of modern paleontologists like Robert Bakker.

Other familiar American Museum paintings include Knight’s portrayals of "Agathaumas", "Allosaurus", "Brontosaurus", "Smilodon", and the Woolly Mammoth. All of these have been reproduced many times.

Soon, natural history museums throughout the country began asking Knight for paintings as background for their own fossil exhibits. In 1925 Knight produced an elaborate mural for the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County. This illustrated some of the birds and mammals whose remains had been found in the nearby La Brea Tar Pits.

The following year, Knight began a 28-mural series for Chicago’s Field Museum of Natural History, a project which showed the history of life on earth and took four years to complete. At the Field Museum, he produced one of his best-known pieces, a mural featuring "Tyrannosaurus" and "Triceratops". This confrontation scene between a predator and its prey would inspire many imitations, establishing the two dinosaurs as 'mortal enemies' in the popular consciousness.
Knight’s work also found its way to the Carnegie Museums in Pittsburgh; the Smithsonian Institution, Washington D.C.; and Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History, among others. Several zoos, such as the Bronx Zoo, the Lincoln Park Zoo, and the Brookfield Zoo, also got Knight to paint murals of their living animals.

Knight illustrated books and magazines, and became a frequent contributor to "National Geographic". He also wrote and illustrated several books of his own, such as "Before the Dawn of History" (Knight, 1935), "Life Through the Ages" (1946), "Animal Drawing: Anatomy and Action for Artists" (1947), and "Prehistoric Man: The Great Adventure" (1949). Additionally, Knight became a popular lecturer, describing prehistoric life to audiences across the country.

Knight worked in an era when new and often fragmentary fossils were coming out of the American west in quantity. Understandably, not all of his creations were based on solid evidence. His painting of ceratopsians as solitary animals in lush grassy landscapes was incorrect. The grasslands which feature in many of his paintings did not appear until the Cainozoic, and ceratopsians are known to have been gregarious animals.

Knight restored many dinosaurs with typical reptilian-like limbs and narrow hips. In the 1920s, studies by palaeontologists had confirmed that dinosaurs had broad avian-like hips rather than those of a present-day reptile.

Knight often restored extinct mammals, birds and marine reptiles in action poses, but his depictions of large dinosaurs as ponderous swamp-dwellers destined for extinction reflected more traditional concepts. In his catalogue to "Life through the Ages" (1946), he repeated views he had written earlier (Knight, 1935). He described the great beasts as "slow-moving dunces" that were "unadaptable and unprogressive" while conceding that small dinosaurs may have been more active. In fact, by their long survival in a world of many predators, herbivorous dinosaurs were as effective as they needed to be.

The single most obvious fault in his dinosaur paintings was one he shared with all the paleontologists of his day. They did not realise the tail was used as a counterbalance, and so in movement was held horizontal, not dragged along the ground. In many species the ligaments of the tail were ossified (turned into bone), so the tail simply must have been horizontal. "Deinonychus" is a good example.

This issue, which was certainly not Knight's fault, limits the usefulness today of many of his best illustrations.

Other admirers have included special effects artist Ray Harryhausen, who writes in his autobiography "An Animated Life", “Long before Obie (Willis O'Brien), myself, and Steven Spielberg, he put flesh on creatures that no human had ever seen. […] At the L.A. County Museum I vividly remember a beautiful Knight mural on one of the walls depicting the way the tar pits would have looked in ancient times. This, plus a picture book about Knight’s work my mother gave me, were my first encounters with a man who was to prove an enormous help when the time came for me to make three-dimensional models of these extinct beings”.

Though many other paleoartists have succeeded Knight (most notably Zdeněk Burian) Knight’s paintings still remain very popular among paleontology enthusiasts.

UNKLE

UNKLE (also written as Unkle and U.N.K.L.E.) is a British musical band founded in 1994 by school friends James Lavelle and Tim Goldsworthy. Originally in the trip-hop business, the group once included producer DJ Shadow and has used a variety of guest artists and producers.

Joseph Erlanger

Joseph Erlanger (5 January, 1874- 5 December, 1965) was an American physiologist. He won the 1944 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Herbert Spencer Gasser, for discovering that different nerve fibres have different functions.

He was of Jewish descent.

Herbert Gasser

Herbert Gasser (Herbert Spencer Gasser, July 5, 1888 May 11, 1963) was an American doctor. He won the 1944 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Joseph Erlanger.

Gasser discovered the different conductivity rates of different groups of nerve fibres. The work led to advances in our knowledge of the mechanism of pain and of reflex action and has inspired a large school of neurophysiologists. The Nobel Foundation described their work as "for their discoveries relating to the highly differentiated functions of single nerve fibres" which probably means 'different fibres do different things'.

Pseudopodia

Pseudopodia are temporary and cytoplasm-filled parts of the cell membrane that are able to change their form in order to move. They are used in some eukaryotic cells to move around or to eat. Most cells that do this are called amoeboids. The amoeba is a common example.

The cell wall makes a network of fibers. The cytoplasm flows into the network and fills it up, similar to a net filled with gelatin. This is able to move, lengthen, or shorten. The pseudopodia extends from the amoeba. Then the main part of the amoeba flows into that pseudopodia and the amoeba has changed its place.

Pseudopods are one of the three locomotion modes of unicellular organisms (together with flagella and cilia). Pseudopods can also capture prey by phagocytosis. Pseudopedia are used by some cells to move around. They can detect food and place it inside the cell. The human white blood cell uses this way to get around.

Pseudopods can be classified into several varieties according to their appearance:

Tricky

Tricky (born Adrian Nicholas Matthews Thaws, 27 January 1968) is an English musician and actor. As a producer and a musician, he is noted for a dark, rich and layered sound and a whispering lyrical style. Culturally, Tricky encourages a togetherness of societies, particularly in his musical ensemble of rock and hip hop, high art and pop culture. His debut album "Maxinquaye" was nominated for the Mercury Prize and voted Album of the Year by "NME" Magazine.

Tricky was born in Knowle West, Bristol, England. His father left the family before he was born and his mother, Maxine Quaye, committed suicide when he was only four. He named his solo album after her - "Maxinquaye" - and once said that though he hardly knew her, he feels like she's speaking through him with his words.

He spent his childhood and teen years in the care of his grandmother, who often let him watch old horror movies instead of going to school. At 15 he began to write lyrics (""I like to rock, I like to dance, I like pretty girls taking down their pants"" "MixMag" 1996) At 17, he spent some time in prison because he bought forged £50 notes from a friend, who later told the police. In an interview, Tricky said: ""Prison was really good. I'm never going back"" ("NME" 1995).


The Wild Bunch (sound system)

The Wild Bunch were a sound system based in the St Pauls area of Bristol, England from 1983 to 1986. The group was known for playing sets that drew large crowds on the club scene and had performed shows as far away as London. They performed in soundclashes against other Bristol sound systems. The Wild Bunch's sound used a lot of different musical styles - an unusual thing at the time. Their shows included parts of punk, R&B and reggae, with a use on slower rhythms and ambient electronic music that would become a start of the Bristol sound, more popularly known as trip-hop. They were a key member of what became the Bristol underground scene.

The Wild Bunch is perhaps best known for having been the first group of several notable British DJs and performers:

Rhynchosaur

Rhynchosaurs were a group of Triassic diapsid reptiles related to the archosaurs. They were herbivores, and at times abundant (in some fossil localities accounting for 40 to 60% of specimens found), with stocky bodies and a powerful beak.

They became extinct at the End-Triassic extinction event.

Vitoria-Gasteiz

Vitoria-Gasteiz is the capital of the Basque Country. It is in the north of Spain and was a little town until 1950. Since 1950 the city has changed a lot because of important industrialization.

The official name of the city is Vitoria-Gasteiz. People usually call it simply Vitoria or Gasteiz. In Basque it is called Gasteiz, and some Basque speakers call it Vitorixe.
In 2010, Vitoria-Gasteiz had a population of more or less 240,000. Between 1960 and 1970, the city grew quickly as people arrived to work at the new and great industrial companies. Statistics say the population doubled between these dates, and this is the motive for a great transformation, not only demographic but social.

Later, in 1980, Vitoria-Gasteiz was named the Basque Country capital, and the new public institutions, the Basque Government and Basque Parliament were located in Vitoria. This was an important impetus for the tertiary sector. This, together with the great industrial firms were responsible for a big social change in the city.

There has been another change in the population as people have come from other countries in recent years to work in building and industry. This happened later in Vitoria-Gasteiz and the Basque Country than in other areas. Today, non-EU (European Union) newcomers form 5.8% of the population in Vitoria-Gasteiz, 5% in Araba and 3.4% in the Basque Country. The main motive why Vitoria-Gasteiz has more of these immigrants is because recently there was a lot of jobs in building, a sector where Basque people won't work.

The inhabitants in Vitoria-Gasteiz live in apartments, and there are not many detached houses like in other towns in Europe. There are nice neighbourhoods, some with big squares, trees and parks where young people and families with children live, and other older neighbourhoods with beautiful and narrow streets and where older people walk.

Vitoria-Gasteiz became an industrial city in the second half of the twentieth century. There had been some companies already. For example, Bartolome Riego set up a printing press in the town for the first time in 1722.
Industries began on the outskirts of the city, away from the centre, special areas for making objects. Companies from Biscay (Bizkaia) and Gipuzkoa moved to Vitoria because land was cheaper there. Between 1950 and 1977, 833 companies started in the city.
The largest effects of this was that the city grew quickly, with many immigrants and a mixture of cultures. Between 1950 and 1975 the population grew from 53,000 to 173,000. In 1975, only 41.8% of the population had been born in the city.

Vitoria-Gasteiz is a very old city. It was founded in 1180 by the Navarrese King Sancho VI, who conquered the small hill village of Gasteiz and decided to call it New Victoria.
Only nineteen years later the city fell into the hands Castille´s King Alfonso VIII. The new king enlarged the city with three new streets on the west side of the hill. (Correría, Zapatería, Herrería)
In 1202 a terrible fire almost destroyed the town.
The city prospered quickly it was on the shortest way between the Court of Castille and northern Europe.

In 1443 another terrible fire affected the western part of the city.
After that, new houses had to be built of stone and adobe.
In 1492 the expulsion of Jews had an negative impact and caused a long period of decline.

In this century the customs house was moved from Vitoria to the coast, seriously affecting the local economy. However, the effect was softened with the development of the services sector. In 1813 Spanish forces with their allies defeated France in the Battle of Vitoria, ending the French invasion.

With the turn of the century come the first modern factories. They were small family businesses. Now there are also multinationals, for example Mercedes Benz and Michelin.
Between 1950 and 1975 the city tripled its population and new districts were built.
In 1980 the Basque Parliament chose Vitoria-Gasteiz as the capital of the Basque Country.

The city is characterized as green and sustainable.
We could define the current Vitoria-Gasteiz as a city designed and planned to live in.

Vitoria-Gasteiz has several important buildings. Its medieval quarter is in the highest part of the city.
Its streets are narrow. There are several historic houses : Montehermoso, Villasuso, Escoriaza, Esquíbel, etc. There are also the Archaeology and Card Museums.
Other buildings are the Cordon House, and the Portalon, where there is a famous restaurant.

In Senda Avenue is Ajuria-Enea, the house of the President of the Basque Country.
Opposite it is the Ruiz de Austri Palace, now the Fine Art Gallery.

The Architect Olaguibel designed the Arquillos building, the most important in the City.

Vitoria - Gasteiz will be European Green Capital in 2012. The European Green Capital Conference in Stockholm gave the award to Vitoria on 21 October 2011; Other cities competed, for example Barcelona, Malmo, Nantes, Nuremberg and Reykjavik. In the end Vitoria, the second smallest city, was champion.

Vitoria has a green ring around the city, with more than 11000 hectares (27,000 acres) of trees and different species of animals. There are also a lot of tracks for walking and cycing.

Water usage is another reason why Gasteiz won the award, because it is one the cities of Europe than wastes less water - only 10%, and its inhabitants are reasonable consumers. Other towns lose 50%. 25% of domestic rubbish is recycled, but it is possible to improve.

It is true that a lot of inhabitants use public transport (trams and buses) and bike to move in the city but there are too many people who use cars.

The prize is very important for the city because its population has been working on improving its environment for the last 30 years. With the green capital prize the environment is the future for Vitoria and its inhabitants.

The Museo de Bellas Artes - the Fine Art Gallery - in Frai Francisco Walk (street) is of special interest. It is an early twentieth century renaissance style building opposite Ajuria Enea, the lehendakari’s (Basque president) residence. In this museum there are paintings by Ignacio Zuloaga, Joaquin Sorolla, Ignacio Diaz de Olano and Fernando Amarica.

Another important art gallery is the Artium (Basque Museum of Contemporary Art) The permanent collection has works by Basque and Spanish artists with paintings, sculptures, prints, photographs and videos made by Chillida, Oteiza, and Moraza, among others. This modern building was opened in 2002 and is on Frantzia Street.

Bibat is an important museum, devoted to archaeology and playing cards. This museum is in an old renaissance building in Aiztogile Street, recently renovated by the architect Patxi Mangado.

There are other interesting museums such as the Arms Museum in Fray Francisco Walk or the Museum of Natural Sciences in Doña Ochanda Tower, a fort house built in the sixteenth century, in Jesusen Zerbitzarien Fundatzailean Street. Nearby is the Museum of the lanterns in Zapateri street.

Vitoria is also an outdoor museum with sculptures and statues in its streets by contemporary artists such as Oteiza, Ibarrola, Chillida, Casto Solano, Nestor Basterrechea, etc.

Although Vitoria-Gasteiz food is similar to the rest of the Basque Country, the city does have its specialities. "Perretxikos" (Calocybe_gambosa/St. George's mushroom), a type of mushroom, and snails are two traditional dishes of the city.

In early December, the province of Araba holds its "cazuelitas" (small dishes) and wine week. About twenty-five pubs participate, including more than twenty in Vitoria-Gasteiz, and you can eat small portions of local dishes and drink local wines. Another event, Vinogourmet, takes place about the same time. This fair is held in the city’s food market, with wine on the ground floor and pintxos (bar snacks) on the first floor.

There is an important restaurant in the city. Its name is "El Portalon". It is located in a beautiful fifteenth century house. In this restaurant the food is very good.
In 2010, the Ikea restaurant won its first Michelin star.

Tourists say Vitoria-Gasteiz has very good cake-shops.

Leisure in Vitoria refers to several things, music and performing arts, concerts and festivals.

The city’s most famous concerts take place in Los Fueros Square in the Blanca holidays in August, and very important Spanish groups come to Vitoria.

There are also events for the young. Workshops, where children can have fun making thing, for example, Christmas cards.

On the first Saturday of every month there is a market in the old part of the city, where people sell home and beauty products, cheese and other foods and all types of things. Once a year in September there is a medieval market.

At The Principal Theatre you can see plays, shows, dances etc.

There are also a lot of pubs and restaurants to spend the afternoon and evening with friends. The “pintxo-pote” is typical every Thursday in the pubs of Gasteiz, in these the price of a small glass of wine and a snack is €1.

Vitoria is the political and administrative capital of the Basque Country and home of its principal autonomous institutions.
The Basque Parliament is the legislative body of the autonomous region. There are 75 MPs (Members of Parliament),25 of each of the three provinces.
In the current parliament (since 2009), the distribution of seats among the various political parties is as follows: 

Of these MPs, 40 are women, and 35 are men. The current Speaker/President of the Chamber is Arantxa Quiroga.
The Basque Government headquarters are also in the city, in Lakua, and the official residence of the President of the Basque Government is Ajuria Enea, in Fray Francisco Street.
The current Prime Minister is Patxi López.

Another institution that has its headquarters in Vitoria is the Diputación Foral de Álava, the provincial council. There are 51 seats on the council. After the 2007 elections, the distribution among political parties is as follows:
The current General Deputy of Alava is Xabier Aguirre.

The city council of Vitoria is made up of 27 councillors. The distribution of political parties in the current term is:
The current mayor is Patxi López.

In addition to the City Council, there are a small administrative units that are the councils of the different villages that make up the municipality of Vitoria (about 60 villages, some of which are being absorbed by the growth of the city).



Once Upon a Time in the West

Once Upon A Time in the West () is a Spaghetti Western movie from 1968. It was directed by Sergio Leone. The music is by Ennio Morricone. It stars Claudia Cardinale, Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson and Jason Robards.

The movie is about the wild west, which is symbolized through the railroad. Henry Fonda plays a cruel murderer named Frank. Charles Bronson is a magic man with a harmonica; Claudia Cardinale plays a beautiful widow, Jill McBain.

Season (disambiguation)

A season is one of the major divisions of the year.

Season may also mean:


End-Triassic extinction event

The End-Triassic extinction event marks the boundary between the Triassic and Jurassic periods, 201.3 million years ago. However, many of the extinctions occurred before then in the Upper Triassic.
Overall, this was one of the major extinction events of the Phanerozoic eon. It profoundly affected life on land and in the oceans. At least half the species now known to have been living on Earth at that time became extinct. It was a series of extinctions when life was hit by volcanic events.

A whole class, the conodonts (extinct chordates); 20% of all marine families; all large crurotarsans (non-dinosaurian archosaurs); some remaining therapsids; and many of the large amphibians such as the temnospondyls were wiped out. 

The event emptied many ecological niches, and allowed the dinosaurs to take over the dominant roles in the Jurassic period. This event happened in less than 10,000 years, and occurred just before Pangaea started to break apart. 

Scientists have suggested several explanations for this event, but all have unanswered challenges:

A recent paper in PNAS shows fairly clearly that mass volcanism was involved. It was probably the primary cause of the extinction. Mercury is present in volcanic rocks found at the end-Triassic boundary. 

Mercury is emitted in gaseous form during volcanism, and deposited in sediments. The paper says "Such episodic volcanism likely perturbed the global environment over a long time and strongly delayed ecological recovery".

Italian invasion of Albania

The Italian Invasion of Albania Of 1939 (Italian ; Invasione Italiana Dell'Albania/Albanian ; Pushtimi Italian I Shqiperise) was a military campaign by Fascist Italy to Occupy Albania.
Benito Mussolini started the plan and began to build up armies on the Italian water border. Albania was aware of the invasion but did not Know when it would happen, Zog I the King of the Albanians ordered out his armies in defense in case. 
On April 7, Mussolini launched a surprise attack on the Albanian coast. A fleet of Italian ships were ready and prepared to advance inland. The Italians then attacked the coast without any warning. 
Only a day after they attacked they already controlled much of Albania but continued to fight the invasion ended on April 12, after Albania surrendered all of Albania was under Italian control by April 10 though.

Piast the Wheelwright

Piast the Wheelwright was, according to legend, the creator of the Piast dynasty, a son Chościsko, which would go on to rule the Kingdom of Poland. He was first mentioned in the "Polish Chronicle" of Gallus Anonymus.

Yogi Bear (movie)

Yogi Bear is a 2010 comedy starring Tom Cavanagh, Anna Faris, T. J. Miller, Andrew Daly, Nate Corddry, and the voices of Dan Aykroyd and Justin Timberlake.

When Jellystone Park starts losing visitors, and greedy Mayor Brown starts running out of money, he decides to shut it down and sell the land. That would mean everyone will lose the joy of the outdoors, and worst of all, Yogi and Boo-Boo will be thrown out of the only home they have ever known. So Yogi and Boo Boo must team up with their archenemy, Ranger Smith, to save the park in a week. Also helping them is Rachel, a documentary movie maker that Ranger Smith falls in love with. Mayor Brown tricks Ranger Jones in trying to stop them, so he can be the head ranger. He tricks Yogi into ruining everything, and the park gets shut down. To make things right, Yogi, Boo-Boo, Ranger Smith, Rachel, and Ranger Jones team up, and make Mayor Brown look bad. At the end Mayor Brown gets in trouble, Rachel starts dating Ranger Smith, and the park is saved.



California State University, Northridge

California State University, Northridge or CSUN is a public university in Northridge, California, a neighborhood in the United States' second-largest city of Los Angeles. CSUN belongs to the California State University system. It was founded first as the Valley satellite campus of California State University, Los Angeles and adopted its current name of California State University, Northridge in 1972. It has become the third largest university in the California State System.

CSUN offers a variety of programs leading to bachelor's degrees in 61 fields, master's degrees in 42 fields, and a doctoral degree in educational leadership. Cal State Northridge hosts the National Center on Deafness, and each year the university hosts the International Conference on Technology and Persons with Disabilities.

The school's sports teams, nicknamed "Matadors", play in the Big West Conference.

Bacteroidetes

The phylum Bacteroidetes is a large, diverse group of bacteria. It has three large classes that are found on every habitat on Earth, including in soil, sediments, sea water, the guts, and the skin of animals. The group is made of around 7000 sub-groups. The sub-groups are divided into 6 main groups: "Bacteroidia, Chitinophagia, Flavobacteria, Sphingobacteria, Saprospiria" and "Cytophagia."

"Bacteroidetes" have many roles but mainly break down humus (dead organic matter) such as proteins and complicated sugars into smaller molecules. Members of "Bacteroidetes" can be both helpful and unhelpful to humans and plants. Some members are involved in metabolism (the natural way of changing chemicals) and decompostion (the breaking down of particles). On the other hand, some members are pathogenic, they cause disease in humans. Members of the genus "Bacteroides" are 'good' pathogens. Members of the other two classes are rarely pathogenic to humans.

The gastrointestinal tract (or digestive tract) in humans is made up of the mouth, pharnx, esophagus, stomach, small intestine, large intestine and anus. This is the path that food enters the body and waste matter leaves the body. The majority of microbes in the human body live in this gastrointestinal tract, or the intestines. Bacteroidetes can be found in all of the different parts of the gastrointestinal tract, even though the conditions in each part can be very different from each other.

Bacteroidetes have many functions in humans but their main role is breaking down molecules of food in the small intestine. They break down strong molecules like plant cell walls that human cells find hard to digest. The products of this breakdown reaction are absorbed through the intestine and are used by humans as a source of energy. Bacteroidetes help humans to get energy from strong material and are important for gut health.

The number of "Bacteroidetes" can be used to indicate the health of the gut. Low numbers can be related with obesity. Higher numbers are related to bowel syndrome and diabetes.

Although many members of "Bacteroidetes" are needed for a healthy gut in humans, some can act as pathogens. Members of the "Bacteroides" group are useful bacteria that live in the gut. However, if the intestine is damaged, they would be able to escape and can cause infections in other parts of the body. "Bacteroides" can cause infections in the gastrointestinal tract and the appendix.

"Bacteroides" are tolerant to many antibiotics and can share this tolerance with other dangerous bacteria. It can be treated with certain antibiotics but the problem of tolerance is troubling. 

Members of "Bacteroidetes" are also found in soil such as members of the "Flavobacteria" and "Sphingobacteria" classes. They have been found in many different types of soil including farm soil, greenhouse soil and untouched soil.

"Bacteroidetes" are one of the most common bacteria found in the rhizosphere (the area surrounding a plant’s roots). They can also be found on the surface of leaves.

"Bacteroidetes" have a similar role in plants. They break down organic matter, such as proteins, surrounding the roots of a plant into simpler forms that can be taken up by the plant and used as energy.

As in humans, "Bacteroidetes" can also cause disease in plants". Flavobacterium johnsoniae" is a member of "Bacteroidetes" which causes decay of plants and vegetables. Some strains of "Flavobacterium" cause disease in red plants and algae. "Bacteroidetes" can also break down cell walls, damaging plants.

"Bacteroidetes" can also be found in marine environments such as seas, oceans and lakes. They are the third most common type of bacteria found in the ocean. They are found on surfaces (living and non-living), rocks and minerals, corals and algae. They are an important part of floating bacterial life (bacterioplankton) in marine environments. Bacterioplankton are involved in the recycling of important elements in marine ecosystems. "Bacteroidetes" break down large organic matter in marine environments.

Bacteroides

Bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative bacteria. "Bacteroides" species are non-endospore-forming, anaerobes, and may be either motile or non-motile, depending on the species. The DNA base composition is 40-48% GC. Unusual in bacterial organisms, "Bacteroides" membranes contain sphingolipids. They also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer.

Shangri-La (disambiguation)

Shangri-La is an imaginary valley in the 1933 novel "Lost Horizon" by James Hilton.

Shangri-La may also mean:








Shangri-La (Titan)

Shangri-La is a large, dark area on Saturn's moon Titan. It is at . The place is named after Shangri-La, the imaginary valley in Tibet. Some people think it is a very wide plain of dark material. These broad, dark areas of Titan may have been seas, but now they are dry.

Shangri-La has several areas of higher ground it. These are brighter and are called "islands". Regions of high ground surround Shangri-La: Xanadu is to the east, Adiri to the west, and Dilmun to the north.

The Huygens probe landed on a western part of Shangri-La, close to Adiri.


UNIQLO

UNIQLO is a Tokyo fashion and clothing company. It is a fast growing company, one of the five biggest specialty fashion retailers in the world. The company makes T-shirts, jeans, and casual wear for both women and men. It is owned by Fast Retailing, a Yamaguchi based company.

UNIQLO has locations in 25 countries. The majority of shops and primary market is Japan. Shops are also in: Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, Australia, Vietnam, India, USA, Canada, UK, France, Germany, Belgium, Spain, Sweden, The Netherlands, Denmark and Italy.

The company began in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan in 1949. It has grown steadily since then. In 1984, Fast Retailing opened the first UNIQLO shop in nearby Hiroshima Prefecture. Since then it opened an online business in 2000. It then became international with shops in London (2001); Shanghai (2002); then, Korea, the US in the SoHo fashion district of Manhattan in New York, and Hong Kong (2005). Since then it expanded into France (2007), Singapore (2009), and Russia (2010). Recently, on 27th September, they opened "BICQLO", which is a collaboration shop with Bic Camera.(2012)

One of UNIQLO’s main product is HEATTECH. These clothes are sold in many countries. It keeps people warm, so it is useful in winter. It is thin and comfortable, so people can wear many layers of clothing easily. Also it has some good functions: it keeps in heat, and dries quickly. HEATTECH material has odor control, is anti-static, and stretches. Moreover, there are a variety of HEATTECH products, including: T-shirts, turtlenecks, underwear, leggings, and socks. Furthermore, heattech jeans have gotten attention for keeping people warm.

UNIQLO announced that it is changing the way it hires new workers. Large companies in Japan usually hire new college graduates once a year. UNIQLO is changing to hiring people all through the year. They are also open to hiring people who have not yet graduated, people who graduated several years ago, and people with other jobs. UNIQLO is also a gateway to Japanese products in many countries.


Citroën BX

The Citroën BX is a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the Citroën GS in 1982, an estate version was added in 1985 and was facelifted a year later in 1986. Another update occurred in 1989. It was replaced by the Citroën Xantia in early 1993 with the estate continuing until 1994. 


Mahakala

Mahakala is a dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of 80 million years ago. 

It is based on a partial skeleton found in the Gobi Desert, Mongolia. 

"Mahakala" was a small dromaeosaur, about 70 centimeters long (28 in). Its skeleton shows some features which are also found in early troodontids and avialans. However, its short forearms rule it out of the Alialae.

Despite its late appearance, its structure is that of a basal dromaeosaur. Its small size, and the small size of other basal deinonychosauria, suggests that small size came before flight in birds.

Although this individual was small, comparable in size to "Archaeopteryx", "Caudipteryx", and "Mei", it was close to adulthood. 

This genus can be distinguished from other paravians (dromaeosaurs, troodonts, and birds) by details of the ulna, thighbone, ilium, and tail vertebrae.

It had a typical dromaeosaurid form of the second toe, with an expanded claw. "Mahakala" also had very short forelimbs compared to other Dromaeosaurs.

A phylogenetic analysis performed by Turner and colleagues, who described the specimen, found "Mahakala" to be the most basal known dromaeosaur. Their results, along with the small size of other theropods found at the base of paravian lineages, suggest that small size was not an innovation of early birds, but a common trait of early paravians.

In evolution, small size would have come before flight. Like birds, troodonts and dromaeosaurs did not keep small size throughout their evolutionary history. They had several separate size increases among different lineages. 

"Mahakala" also shows a combination of characteristics found among basal troodonts and birds, and is missing some that are present in more derived (specialised) dromaeosaurs.

The paleoenvironment had a semiarid climate, with sand dunes and alluvium (loose stuff). The semiarid steppe landscape was drained by streams after rain, and was affected by dust and sandstorms. Rainfall was low, and seasonal. 

Animals present included terrestrial turtles and crocodilians, lizards, mammals, and a variety of dinosaurs; aquatic animals like fish were not present. The majority of the fauna was small to medium-sized. 

Small coelurosaurians are the most diverse dinosaurs, including fellow dromaeosaurid "Velociraptor", troodonts "Byronosaurus" and "Saurornithoides", oviraptors "Citipati", "Khaan", and "Oviraptor", and alvarezsaurs "Mononykus" and "Shuvuuia"; other dinosaurs present included the ceratopsian "Protoceratops" and the ankylosaur "Pinacosaurus". Like other dromaeosaurs, "Mahakala" would have been a small, active, predaceous carnivore.


Avialae

Avialae is a term for birds and their immediate extinct ancestors. It is a clade of dinosaurs containing their only living representatives (birds) and whatever coelurosaurs are regarded as their ancestors. There are two ways it can be defined:

Avialae is defined as a clade based on physical characteristics. Jacques Gauthier named Avialae in 1986 as "all dinosaurs that possessed feathered wings used in flapping flight, and the birds that descended from them".

Several other authors use a similar, but branch-based, definition: "all theropods closer to birds than to Deinonychus".

Yatsuhashi

Yatsuhashi comes from Yatsuhashi Kengyo, the pioneer of making Yatsuhashi. In the Edo era, he saved everything so he could make something from leftover rice. Then Yatsuhashi was created. After he died, Yatsuhashi was loved by people in Kyoto, and now it is a very famous food in Kyoto.

Yatsuhashi is made from rice flour, soybean flour, sesame, sugar cane and a lot of cinnamon. A special cinnamon called “Nikkei” is part of its unique taste.

Izutsu Yatsuhashi was established by Sahei Tsuda in 1805. At one of the Izutsu yatsuhashi shops, Kyogoku Ichibangai, people can make their own yatsuhashi.

In 1946, a confectionery retail store was started at the Kawaramachirokkaku. In1949, the store started to sell yatsuhashi. In 1969, the name of company has changed to “Otabe”. In 2010, Otabe’s Choco-Yatsuhashi won a special gold prize in Monde Selection.

The history of Honke Nishino Yatsuhashi began in 1687 in the Edo period, so three hundred years have passed. It has a long story. At the time, “Shiramochi” which is like old raw yatsuhashi was sold there.

Besides these yatsuhashi stores, there are famous shops in Kyoto. They are 'Goden Yatsuhashi, 'Seikodo', 'Hakushindo', and 'HonkeNishio'.

Izutsu Yatsuhashi: This is a confection from a famous shop shaped like a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings. It has been sold for more than 200 years. 

Nama-Yatsuhashi: This is tender taste.

Yuko: This is a lyric confection containing bean jam. This is a Yatsuhashi which is associated with Yuko who is a heroine of “the gobantyo-yugirirou".
Other tastes: strawberry, powdered green tea, chocolate and apple.

Otabe: This Nama-Yatsuhashi uses rice grown in Fukui prefecture which is called "Koshihikari", Hokkaido adzuki bean, and water in Fukui prefecture.
Other taste: chocolate, powdered green tea, salt, and sesami.

Yatsuhashi: This is a confection from Kyoto which has been loved by people since more than 300 years ago.

Choco-Yatsuhashi: This is the original confection of Otabe. Yatsuhashi is baked thin, and then it is coated in chocolate.

Nama-Yatsuhashi: This is tender dough which is baked.

Yatsuhashi: This is crisp.
Tastes: powdered green tea, sesami, and banana.

Pocket-Yatsuhashi: This is a Yatsuhashi which you can carry in your pocket.
Tastes: cacao, strawberry, and powdered green tea.

Lyn Hancock

Lyn Hancock is an award-winning Australian-Canadian photojournalist, wildlife photographer, and book author.

She has raised numerous orphaned wild animals, including bears, cougars, eagles, puffins, raccoons, and seals; her experiences while doing so have formed the basis of her 20 books, including "There's a Seal in my Sleeping Bag", "There's a Raccoon in my Parka", "Love Affair with a Cougar", and "Tabasco the Saucy Raccoon".

She has also written travel literature describing her experiences in the Canadian North.

The Simon Fraser University has awarded her one of the 2009 Outstanding Alumni Awards for Arts & Culture.


For "There is a Racoon in my Parka":
For "There's a Seal in my Sleeping Bag":
For "Tabasco the Saucy Raccoon"

Satay

Satay is a local food of Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines. It is usually made of meat on a stick with onion and gravy along with it.

The dish was invented by Javanese street vendors.

Salinibacter ruber

Salinibacter ruber is an extreme halophile (salt-loving organism) that lives in concentrations of salt from 20 to 30%.

21 Guns

21 Guns is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released in 2009, from their eight studio album, "21st Century Breakdown".

The music video for this song includes bullets shooting through a house.

Mezzanine

Mezzanine is the third studio album by English trip hop group Massive Attack. It was released on 20 April 1998. It was produced by Massive Attack and Neil Davidge. The album was released by Virgin Records.

The album was provided on their website for legal download many months before the CD release. It was one of the first major uses of the MP3 format by a commercial group. It does not use the jazzy sounds and the rapping of Tricky, similar to what Massive Attack did in "Blue Lines" and "Protection." "Mezzanine" has a dark sound, heavy bass guitars and distorted guitars. This is similar to industrial music and post-punk.

"Mezzanine" had the number one spot on many music charts. It did this on music charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland, and New Zealand. It is Massive Attack's best selling album. The album had four singles: "Risingson", "Teardrop", "Angel" and "Inertia Creeps". These singles went on music charts in the United Kingdom.

Telephone (song)

"Telephone" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third EP "The Fame Monster", featuring American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. The main inspiration of the song was Gaga's fear of not being able to enjoy herself because of her career, hence the lyrics show the singer as wanting the dance floor, rather than answering her lover's phone calls.

Gaga explained that the telephone addressed in the lyrics of the song, is in reality a person telling her to continue working harder. Musically, the song is made of an expanded bridge, verse-rap and an epilogue, where the voice of an operator says that the phone line is not reachable. Knowles appears in the middle of the song, singing the verses in a rapid-fire way, accompanied by double beats.

"Telephone" was appreciated by contemporary critics who many times noted it as a stand-out track from "The Fame Monster". The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011 for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. 

Lady Gaga originally wrote the song "Telephone" for Britney Spears. Spears later recorded a demo version of the song but the demo version later leaked. Lady Gaga later wrote the song as a collaboration with Beyoncé Knowles for "The Fame Monster". Gaga said, "I wrote it for her [Spears] a long time ago and she just didn't use it for her album. It's fine because I love the song and I get to perform it now." Additionally, the guest vocalist was originally going to be Spears, but ultimately Gaga made Knowles the featured vocalist instead. The main inspiration behind the song was Gaga's fear of suffocation as she felt that she seldom found time to just let loose and have fun. 
Fear of suffocation—something that I have or fear is never being able to enjoy myself, ... 'Cause I love my work so much, I find it really hard to go out and have a good time. ... I don't go to nightclubs, ... You don't see pictures of me falling out of a club drunk. I don't go—and that's because I usually go and then, you know, a whiskey and a half into it, I got to get back to work.

In May 2011, Gaga said her "emotional connection" with the song was very hard. When she was asked if it was because the song was originally written for Britney Spears, she answered: "Well that’s not exactly what happened, but I don’t want to delve into that. I could delve into it if you turn that (motions to recorder) off... But ultimately the mix and the process of getting the production finished was very stressful for me. So when I say it’s my worst song it has nothing to do with the song, just my emotional connection to it."

The video for the song was uploaded to YouTube on March 15, 2010. It features Gaga in a women's prison and Beyoncé bailing her out. In the beginning of the video, Gaga is shown walking around the prison and arrives to the yard, where "Paper Gangsta", a song from her debut album "The Fame", is playing, as one of the women exercises. Gaga's younger sister Natali makes a cameo appearance just before Gaga picks up the phone to talk to Beyoncé. The two singers are then shown fleeing the prison in the Pussy Wagon and arrive to a restaurant, where they eventually poison all of the customers. The nine-and-a-half-minute-long video for "Telephone" is meant to be a continuation of that for "Paparazzi", where Gaga was shown being arrested.

California State University

The California State University (CSU) is a public university system established in 1857 in California. It is one of three public higher education systems in the state, the other two being the University of California system and the California Community College system. The California State University system headquarters are in Long Beach, California.

The CSU system is composed of 23 campuses and has over 417,000 students supported by 47,000 faculties and staff.
It is the largest senior system of higher education in the United States.

CSU prepares about 60 percent of the teachers in the state, 40 percent of the engineering graduates, and more graduates in business, agriculture, communication studies, health, education and public administration than all other California universities and colleges combined. Altogether, about half the bachelor's degrees and a third of the master's degrees awarded annually in California are from the CSU.

Since 1961, nearly 2.5 million alumni have received a bachelor's, master's or doctoral degree from the CSU system which offers more than 1,800 degree programs in 240 subject areas.

The California State University has 23 colleges. They are listed in order from oldest to newest.

Chione

Chione (or Χιόνη)was the goddess of snow in Greek mythology. Daughter of the river god Nile and the Oceania Callirroi. Snow lived in the fields and was once abused by a farmer. For this reason, Chione was transformed by the god Mercury, at the behest of the god Zeus, into clouds of snow, which fall and destroy the Spartans.Daughter of Boreus and Oreithyia (the daughter of the king of Athens Erechtheos). Siblings of Chioni were Zetis, Calais and Cleopatra. This Snow gave birth to a god child, Eumolpus from the god Poseidon, and to hide him (for fear that her father would not find out), she threw him into the sea. Nevertheless, Poseidon saved the child and raised him.
Daughter of Arcturus who was kidnapped by Boreas, with whom she had three sons, who became priests of the god Apollo in the country of the Hyperboreans.
In the "Transformations" of the Roman poet Ovid (XI 339) Chione was the beautiful daughter of Daedalion. With two gods, the god Apollo and the god Mercury, he slept the same night and they had children with her. With Apollo she gave birth to Philammon, who later became king and musician in Phocis, and with Hermes (according to one version) Autolycus, who had the ability to transform what he steals. Having made two gods fall in love with her in one day, Chione, unable to hide her pride, began to boast of her beauty and womanly qualities, daring to say that she was more beautiful than the goddess Artemis. Hearing this the goddess sent her arrows to take her life.

Suzy Spafford

Suzy Spafford (born 1945 in Toledo, Ohio) is an American cartoonist. She is best known for drawing animal characters. Her Suzy's Zoo picture book is her most successful work. The book's characters have been made into greeting cards, stickers, stationery and calendars. The products are sold in thousands of stores all over the world. She has also written several dozen books for children, including the "Tales from Duckport" series. Her pictures have been attracted by a lot of people in San Diego since 1967. She created her own greeting card company, Suzy's Zoo Studios, in 1968.


Flavivirus

Flavivirus is a genus of the family Flaviviridae. This genus includes the West Nile virus, dengue fever virus, tick-borne encephalitis virus, yellow fever virus, Zika virus, and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis (swelling in the brain).

"Flaviviruses" are named for the yellow fever virus - "flavus" means "yellow" in Latin. (Yellow fever was named because it often caused yellow-colored skin, called jaundice, in its victims.)
"Flaviviruses" share a common size (40-65 nm) and symmetry (shape), and they look similar under an electron microscope. They are made of single-stranded RNA.
Humans get these viruses after being bitten by an infected mosquito or tick. Usually, if a human who has a "Flavivirus" gets bitten by a healthy mosquito or tick, the human will not have enough of the virus in their blood to infect the insect. This means humans do not help continue the virus's life cycle (by infecting insects who go on to infect other people). However, this is not true for yellow fever or dengue fever.
People can also get "Flaviviruses" in other ways, like:
It is not likely that animals can spread "Flaviviruses" directly to humans. Scientists believe that an mosquito or tick has to bite an infected animal before it can spread the virus to a human by biting that human. This means that "Flaviviruses" are probably not contagious diseases. For example, early tests with yellow fever showed that the disease is not a contagious disease.

Cytomegalovirus

Cytomegalovirus (which means "Large Cell", when translated from Greek "cyto-", "cell", and "-megalo-", "large") is a Virus which people get. It's a Herpesvirus and is usually called HCMV (Human Cytomegalovirus) or Human Herpesvirus 5 (HHV-5).

As with all herpesviruses, even without symptoms, the virus can still be in a person for long periods of time, even for life.

Two out of five people in the world have HCMV. More people in developed countries, such as the United States and the United Kingdom, have the condition. In these places, more than half of people have the condition.

There is no treatment or cure, but scientists in the United States are developing vaccines, but none has proven to work fully yet.

Fantasy football

Fantasy football is a game where people make up "teams" of real American football players and get points for things that these players do in real games. People playing fantasy football can trade players from one team to another. Fantasy football has become very popular as it can be played on the Internet.

California State University, Long Beach

California State University, Long Beach (also known as Cal State Long Beach, Long Beach State, CSULB, LBSU, or The Beach) is the second largest campus of the California State University (CSU) system and the third largest university in the state of California by enrollment. The University is located at the southeastern coastal tip of Los Angeles County.

CSULB has been recognized repeatedly as one of "America's Best Value Colleges" by the "Princeton Review". More than 30 factors are considered to rate the colleges in four categories: academics, tuition GPA (the sticker price minus average amount students receive in gift aid scholarships and grants), financial aid (how well colleges meet students' financial need) and student borrowing.

Long Beach State has also been ranked as one of the top five public master's degree-granting institutions in the West by "U.S. News & World Report"'s "America's Best Colleges Guide". It is also home to the largest publicly funded art school west of the Mississippi. The university currently operates with one of the lowest student fees in the country at US $4,370 per year for full-time students having California residence.

Since the 2020–21 school year, Long Beach State has called its sports teams The Beach; the baseball team is also known as the Dirtbags. Before July 2020, the main nickname had been 49ers. Most Beach teams play in the Big West Conference.


Hinamatsuri

, also called Doll's Day or Girls' Day, is a special day in Japan. "Hinamatsuri" is celebrated each year on March 3. This is a day for thinking about the happiness and health of young girls in Japanese families.

Since the 8th century, it was traditional to have special days for children twice a year—March 3 for girls and May 5 for boys.

The focus of attention on "Hinamatsuri" is a display of dolls which are dressed in the fashion of the Heian period. The group of dolls represent the Imperial court ("hina ningyō").

The Japanese term for the display steps is . There may be five or seven steps.

The Kantō region and Kansai region have different placement orders of the dolls from left to right, but the order of dolls per level are the same.

The top tier holds two dolls. They are . 

The male doll is traditionally on the right, but sometimes the doll is on the left.

The second tier holds three court ladies . Each holds something to do with sake.

The third tier holds five male musicians . 

Two Imperial ministers ("daijin") may be displayed on the fourth tier


Shichi-Go-San

Shichi-Go-San (seven-five-three in Japan) is one of the most important events for children in Japan. Every year on November 15, parents whose children are three, five, and seven years old celebrate the growth of their child.

In the past, death rates of infants were higher than present, so children were treated importantly. People have started to celebrate seven, five and three years old of children since the Edo period. Especially, celebrations of seven year old children are most important.

On this special day, children wear kimono and they are given chitose-ame. Chitose-ame is a long red and white candy. This candy means children can grow well. People go to the shrine to play the growth of their children. Also, people sometimes take some pictures to the memory of children.



Singaporean English

Singaporean English or Standard Singaporean English is a dialect of English used in Singapore. It is used as a lingua franca between Chinese Singaporeans, Malay Singaporeans, Indian Singaporeans and White Singaporeans. It (along with Mandarin, Malay and Tamil) is an official language of Singapore. It is the main language of government, business and school in Singapore.


Damon Albarn

Damon Albarn (, born 23 March 1968) is an English singer-songwriter and record producer who has been involved in many high-profile projects and groups throughout his career. He is perhaps best known internationally for his current role as the frontman and songwriter of Gorillaz, whose first two studio albums had sold more than 20 million copies together by 2007. Albarn also serves as the frontman and primary songwriter of Britpop band Blur, and has been in the projects "The Good, the Bad & the Queen", "" and "Mali Music".

Albarn was born in Whitechapel. He grew up in Leytonstone and Aldham, Essex. He was voted the 4th greatest frontman of all time in a national 2010 "Q" magazine poll.

Maxinquaye

Maxinquaye is the first album of the English actor and musician Tricky, released in 1995. Expanding on the music template of fellow Bristolians Massive Attack, and featuring then-girlfriend Martina Topley-Bird on vocals, "Maxinquaye" is a dark, strange album featuring a combination of hip-hop, soul, dub, rock and electronica.

"Maxinquaye", named after Tricky's late mother Maxine Quaye, who died when he was four, received great critical attention upon release. The album was re-issued in the UK on 2 November 2009 by Universal Island with a second disc of remixes as a "Deluxe Edition".

Ernst Chain

Sir Ernst Boris Chain, FRS (19 June 1906 – 12 August 1979) was a German-born British biochemist. 

He shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Alexander Fleming and Howard Florey, for the discovery of penicillin and how it could cure bacterial infections. Later he worked on the chemical structure of penicillin and other natural antibiotics.

Chain was Jewish, and moved to England in 1933. In 1939 he took British citizenship, and was knighted in 1969. 

He won many awards: he was made a Commander of the Légion d'Honneur and awarded the Grande Ufficiale al Merito della Repubblica Italiana.

Chain was born in Berlin, the son of Margarete (née Eisner) and Michael Chain, who was a chemist and industrialist dealing in chemical products. His family was Jewish. His father emigrated from Russia to study chemistry abroad and his mother was from Berlin. In 1930, he received his degree in chemistry from Friedrich Wilhelm University. He left Nazi Germany and worked at universities and laboratories in England.


Benoît de Maillet

Benoît de Maillet (Saint-Mihiel, 12 April 1656 – Marseille, 30 January 1738) was a well-travelled French diplomat and naturalist. 

He was French consul general at Cairo, and overseer in the Levant. He formulated an evolutionary hypothesis to explain the Earth and its contents. 

Maillet's geological observations convinced him that the Earth could not have been created in an instant because the features of the crust indicate a slow development by natural processes. He also believed that creatures on the land were ultimately derived from creatures living in the seas. He believed in the natural origin of man. 

Maillet made the first reasonable estimate of the Earth's age based on evidence. He thought the Earth must have developed by slow, natural forces. He studied geology in the field. He could see signs of erosion on land and sedimentation in the sea. 

He hid his ideas under the guise of a talk with an Indian philosopher, to avoid conflict with the Catholic Church. His work stayed in manuscript until after his death, when it was published after its editor had made changes which damaged it. Now there is a better modern edition based on the manuscripts. 

Maillet estimated that the Earth was older than two billion years. He also recognized the true nature of fossils, and had early ideas about evolution.

Heinrich Biber

Heinrich Ignaz Franz Biber von Bibern (baptised 12 August 1644 – died 3 May 1704) was a Bohemian-Austrian composer and violinist. He was the most famous German violinist of his time. He is particularly famous for his violin sonatas.

Biber was born in a small Bohemian town near Reichenberg. Nothing is known about his music education. We know that in the mid-1660s he went to work for Prince-Bishop Karl, Count Liechtenstein-Kastelkorn of Olomouc. The prince loved music and kept many musicians at his court. During the winter of 1670-1671 Biber became a member of the Kapelle at Salzburg court. He was married there in 1672. There he played the violin and trained the choirboys and composed a lot of music. He probably had a lot of contact with other well-known musicians such as Georg Muffat. Although he was the greatest virtuoso of his time he hardly seems to have travelled about to play.

In 1690 Biber was raised to the nobility. During his last years he seems to have spent much of his time composing works for the theatre as well as sacred music.


Ilium

The ilium is one of the three bones which make up the pelvis in tetrapods. These include the bones that are usually called "hips", e.g. 'putting your hands on your hips'.

Ulna

The ulna is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods. The other one is the radius. Above them is the elbow and humerus; below are the hands or front feet.

Radius (bone)

The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods. The other one is the ulna. Above them is the elbow and humerus; below are the hands or front feet.

Humerus

The humerus is the upper forearm bone in tetrapods. It connects to the shoulder blade (scapula) at the upper end, and the elbow below.

Scapula

The scapula is the shoulder blade or pectoral girdle bone in tetrapods. It connects to the humerus and the clavicle.

Femur

The femur is the thighbone in tetrapods. It connects to the pelvis (hip) at the upper end and to the knee at the lower end. It connects with the hip by a ball-and-socket joint which allows freedom of movement. 

The lower end of the femur forms a hinge with the lower leg known as the knee. This has two 'articulations': with the patella (knee-cap), and with the tibia (the main lower leg bone).The femur is also the longest and strongest bone in your body.

Rites of Spring

Rites of Spring was an American post-hardcore band from Washington, D.C. They were active in the mid-1980s. The band wa, known for its fast, energetic live performances. Rites of Spring was a part of the D.C. hardcore punk scene. They increased the violence and passion of hardcore while at the same time experimenting with its rules. Compared to other bands of the time, their lyrics were very personal. This led to them being considered the first emo band.

The band only performed 15 concerts. Singer and guitarist Guy Picciotto and drummer Brendan Canty went on to play in the post-hardcore band Fugazi in the late 1980s.

Fibula

The fibula is one of the two bones which make up the lower leg (humans), or back leg in tetrapods. The other one is the tibia. Above them is the knee and femur; below are the feet. Muscles are attached to the top of the fibula which help move the knee. It is also used to support the knee and the tibia.

Category theory

Category theory is a type of mathematics. Category theorists show how different ideas in mathematics are alike. For example, some ideas from topology and abstract algebra are similar. Ideas in category theory are written down in formulas or diagrams. Category theory can be used to make computer programs more secure or easy to write.

A category is a mathematical object. It can be drawn with dots and arrows. Each arrow goes from one dot to one other dot. There can be many dots, sometimes so many that you cannot count them. An arrow is the abstract idea of a function and the dots are the domain and codomain of the function.

Composition is a way to make a new arrow out of two arrows. If two arrows form an elbow shape, then they have a composition arrow from the start of the first to the end of the second. Composition obeys some axioms, or equations.

Many ideas in abstract algebra are examples of categories or can be used to make categories. Often, this makes the ideas seem more similar.

Radio drama

Radio drama (or audio drama, audio play, radio play, radio theatre, or audio theatre) is a dramatized, purely acoustic performance without visual elements. It is usually heard on radio or published as audiobook. Radio drama is often described as "cinema for the ears". It had its greatest popularity in the Golden Age of Radio, before television was introduced.

Quango

Quango is an acronym used especially in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Quangos are arms-length bodies funded by government departments but not run by them. They are given power and paid for by government departments. 

They were invented because most government departments do two rather different jobs. One is to make policy about how the country should be run, as indicated by laws passed in Parliament. This is called administration. Their other task is to run or operate the policies in action. Examples would be: to run the prison system, to collect taxes, to guard the country's borders, and so on. Quangos were invented to do the second type of task. They are supposed to do some practical job better than a government department could. Of course, if they fail, the fault is theirs, rather than the government department's. 

The acronym is spelt out in various ways:
• "quasi non-governmental organisation",
• "quasi-autonomous non-governmental organisation", 
• "quasi-autonomous national government organisation" 
• In the United Kingdom the official term is "non-departmental public body" or NDPB.

The term 'quasi-autonomous non-governmental organization' was created in 1967 by the Carnegie Foundation's Alan Pifer. He wrote an essay on independence and accountability in public-funded bodies. This term was shortened to 'quango' by Anthony Barker, a Briton, during a follow-up conference. 

Many quangos were created from the 1980s onwards. The UK government's definition in 1997 of a non-departmental public body or quango was:

According to the Tax Payers Alliance, in the year 2006-07, tax payers funded 1,162 Quangos at a cost of nearly £64bn; equivalent to £2,550 per household. About a thousand still remain.

In 2010 the British Government said it had earmarked (chosen) nearly 200 quangos for closure, and 120 more for merging. This was part of its Whitehall efficiency programme. In August 2012, the government said that 106 quangos had lost their public status since then. Some were axed, some were sold off, and some had their work done elsewhere. 

Since Scotland was given devolved self-government in 1999, their government has also set up a number of quangos.

The Republic of Ireland in 2006 had more than 800 quangos, 482 at national and 350 at local level, with a total of 5,784 individual appointees and a combined annual budget of €13 billion.

Depending upon one's point of view, the separation of a quango from government might allow its functions to be more commercially exercised. Or else it might allow an elected minister to evade responsibility for spending public money. Quangos have been criticised as undemocratic, expensive and letting government grow too big.

"The Times" has accused quangos of bureaucratic waste and excess. In 2005 Dan Lewis, author of "The Essential Guide to Quangos", claimed that many quangos were useless and duplicated the work of others. In August 2008 a report by the right-leaning pressure group the Taxpayers' Alliance, claimed that £15 billion was being wasted by the regional development agencies, quangos set up to encourage economic development in their regions.


Casimir I the Restorer

Casimir I the Restorer (; b. Kraków, 25 July 1016 - d. Poznań, 28 November 1058), was a Duke of Poland. He was a part of the Piast dynasty and father of Boleslaw II. He is known as "the Restorer" because he reunited the Polish Kingdom.

Danny Lewicki

Daniel Vladimir Lewicki (March 12, 1931 – September 25, 2018) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL) in the 1950s and early 1960s. Before becoming a professional, Lewicki was at the centre of a dispute over professional hockey signing practices. He was the only player to have won the Allan Cup, Memorial Cup and Stanley Cup while still a junior.

Lewicki was one of eight children in the family of Michael and Anastasia Lewicki. Both Michael and Anastasia were born in Ukraine and emigrated to Canada where they met in Fort William, Ontario. The family lived in the area known as the "Coal Docks", an immigrant enclave near the docks in Fort William. The family shared a home with six boarders. In an abusive marriage, Anastasia left Michael when Daniel was two years of age. Two of the children were sent to Geraldton, Ontario where the eldest sister lived with her husband. Daniel, his mother, a sister and brother and a boarder lived in a two-room shack by .

Lewicki started skating at age five, first with bob skates, then a used pair three sizes too large. Until age twelve, Lewicki learned to play hockey by playing shinny on outdoor rinks. Organized hockey started at age twelve and Lewicki joined the Bantam Elks. This he did in secret, as his mother was strongly opposed to his playing hockey. Lewicki would hide his hockey equipment outside under the backyard stairs. The next season, Lewicki played for the North Star Bantams, moving up to the Midgets at age fourteen a year early, to play against boys sixteen and older.
At age fifteen, Lewicki got his first taste of junior hockey with the Columbus Juniors in their playoffs against the Winnipeg Monarchs. Lewicki would return to the Columbus Juniors the following season. That season, Lewicki would lead the Fort William league in scoring, and started attracting the attention of pro scouts from Toronto, New York and Detroit. Lewicki did not sign with any team, but was placed on the negotiating list of the Providence Reds by his coach, Leo Barbini, who did some scouting for the Reds. Barbini somehow managed to put Lewicki on the Providence list before Toronto and New York, who had filed at 12:01 am on Lewicki's sixteenth birthday.

The following season, Columbus would be defeated by the Port Arthur West End Bruins. After the series, Lewicki was invited to join the Bruins as they continued in junior series playoffs. The Bruins would defeat Winnipeg to advance to the Western title series against Lethbridge, Alberta. Port Arthur and Lethbridge would be tied 3–3 in a best-of-seven series. Lethbridge refused to play the seventh game in Port Arthur and the game was moved to Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens. The large ice surface favoured the Bruins and they defeated Lethbridge 11–1 to advance to the 1948 Memorial Cup final against the Barrie Flyers. The Bruins would defeat the Flyers in four straight to win the Cup and Lewicki would score the series-winning goal. The club had an impressive array of talent. Eight players from the Bruins would go on to play in the NHL. Lewicki was the top scorer in the playoffs, recording 40 points.

After the Cup, the Toronto Maple Leafs bought the rights to Lewicki for a record price of $35,000 and a player. In the fall, Lewicki left Port Arthur to join the Stratford Kroehlers, coached by Barbini, his old coach. Before the regular season started, Lewicki was ordered to join the Toronto Marlboros by the Maple Leafs. Unbeknownst to Lewicki, Barbini had signed Lewicki to a "C" Form, which bound Lewicki at age eighteen, and not simply signed Lewicki to a negotiating list.

Lewicki refused to play for Toronto, but was told that he had to play for the Marlboros, or nowhere else. Lewicki received a telegram from NHL President Clarence Campbell advising him that he was suspended. The Canadian Amateur Hockey Association took up Lewicki's case, but the CAHA stopped backing Lewicki short of any legal action. Stratford did as well, in the face of pressure from the Maple Leafs. Lewicki decided to join the Marlboros. The "C" Form, which Lewicki signed, became an issue in the Canadian Parliament, and was abolished a few years later.

The Marlboros were defeated in the playoffs that year, and, like in Port Arthur, Lewicki was invited to join another team on a playoff run. This time it was the Marlboros' senior team, in competition for the Allan Cup. The Marlboros defeated the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen, then the Cornwall Calumets, the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds and the Sherbrooke Saints to advance to the 1950 Allan Cup final against the Calgary Stampeders. Lewicki would be named the MVP for the series as the Marlboros defeated Calgary 4–1. Lewicki scored 42 points in the 17 playoff games.

In 1950, Lewicki began his National Hockey League career with the Maple Leafs. As a nineteen-year-old, he made the team straight out of training camp. Lewicki was able to get a one-way contract at $10,000 for three years and a signing bonus of $3,000. Lewicki made his NHL debut on October 14, 1950 against the Chicago Black Hawks. In his seventh game, Lewicki scored his first NHL goal on a bounce off the glass that bounced off the back of the Boston Bruins Jack Gelineau. Lewicki became a contender for the Calder Trophy, although he had strong competition from future Hall of Famer Terry Sawchuk. Lewicki had 16 goals and 31 assists before a groin injury ended his season early. Lewicki would end up third in voting for the Calder. The team finished second to qualify for the playoffs. Lewicki was pressed into service on the orders of Conn Smythe, although he was not healed. To play he had to have his groin muscle frozen and taped before each game. Instead of being able to contribute as a scorer, Lewicki would play a checking role in the playoffs. The Leafs would defeat the Montreal Canadiens in the final 4–1 to win the 1951 Stanley Cup Final. Lewicki was an Allan Cup, Memorial Cup and Stanley Cup winner at the age of 20.

Lewicki spent the next three seasons mainly with the Leafs' Pittsburgh Hornets. Smythe was mad at Lewicki for getting married during the 1951 off-season. In Smythe's memoirs, he later regretted demoting a player to the minors for getting married, without naming the player. Lewicki may be the player, but he is not the only player to be demoted for that reason. Lewicki and another Leaf player John McCormack were both demoted following marriages. Despite a 36-goal, 45 assist and 81 point season in Pittsburgh, in 1954, the Maple Leafs sold Lewicki to the New York Rangers. Back in the NHL, Lewicki would respond with the best NHL season of his career, scoring 29 goals and 24 assists in 70 games and was named to the NHL Second All-Star team.

After the 1957–58 season, the Rangers left him unprotected for the annual intra-league draft, and Lewicki became Montreal Canadiens property. Although he had a good training camp, and earned a bonus for his play, he was shipped to the Chicago Black Hawks. Lewicki and other players who had been picked from the Rangers' system were picked by the Canadiens simply to hurt the Rangers and the Canadiens had no plans to play them.

Lewicki played one season for the Black Hawks, who managed to make the playoffs, only to lose in the first round. In the final game of the playoff, referee Red Storey missed a tripping call leading to a series winning goal by the Canadiens. The fans at Chicago Stadium were threatening Storey, and Lewicki gave Storey his stick to defend himself. Lewicki was unhappy after sitting on the bench, and he handed Storey his stick, saying "you need it more than me." Storey used the stick to defend himself to exit the arena. It would be both Storey and Lewicki's last game in the NHL. Storey resigned after criticism from league president Campbell, and the Black Hawks would sent Lewicki to the minors. Lewicki contends that the incident led to him being 'black-balled' from the league as he received no call-ups or any chances to make another NHL club for the rest of his career. Lewicki played for a few seasons in the American Hockey League before retiring in 1963.

Lewicki died on September 25, 2018 in the Toronto city area at the age of 87.




Jundallah

Jundallah (or Jondallah, translates to Soldiers of God), or People's resistance movement of Iran (PRMI) is a militant organisation based in Balochistan. The organisation claims to be fighting for the rights of Sunni muslims in Iran. Most muslims in Iran are Shi'a, Sunni make up the largest minority group that is not Shi'a. Iran says the group is a terrorist organisation. Iran has blamed the organisation for many acts of smuggling illegal drugs, and of kidnapping. The organisation is believed to have 1.000 fighting soldiers.

Many observers believe the group is linked to al-Qaeda. For a long time, Iran has believed that the U.S. government supported Jundallah. Several other sources such as the ABC News, Daily Telegraph, and journalist Seymour Hersh have also reported that Jundullah has received support from the United States against the government of Iran, although the US denies any involvement.

In August 2007, the Israeli Mossad chief, Meir Dagan, pushed for using ethnic groups (among others, people from Balochistan) in Iran to make the Iranian government weaker and try to change the people in charge of the government.

ABC News

ABC News is the news division of the American Broadcasting Company, which is owned by The Walt Disney Company.

Their shows they have include Good Morning America, World News Now, 20/20, and ABC World News Tonight.

The X Factor (album)

The X Factor is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It is their tenth studio album, and went on sale on 2 October 1995.

The album was not liked much by people who reviewed it; one person said that it had "[a] lack of energy" and that it was "merely adequate."


Flame retardant

A flame retardant is a chemical substance that makes things harder to burn. Some flame retardants are minerals or inorganic compounds like antimony trioxide or asbestos. Other flame retardants are special types of plastics and polymers. There are several ways flame retardants work. Some absorb heat when they are heated, stopping the thing from igniting. Others stop the heat from the fire from going into the thing. Flame retardants are used in textiles and bedding to prevent them from burning easily.

Solingen arson attack

The Solingen arson attack of 1993 happened on the night of 29 May 1993 when five Turkish people were killed in Solingen, Germany. They died when four young German men, belonging to the political far right, firebombed a house. The dead were women and children, aged four, nine, 12, 18 and 27, all of whom who were related.

The attack caused many protests in Germany, and many German government officials were at a memorial service for the dead. Some of the protests were violent, but others were peaceful.

Because of the attack, Germany decided to make sure fewer people from other countries came into Germany for political asylum. It also banned some right-wing political groups.

On 14 October 1995, a German court sentenced the four people who did the attack. Three men, aged 18, 19 and 22, were given prison terms of ten years. The fourth man, 25, was given a term of 15 years. The sentences were opposed by the men and their families, though most of the Turkish people in Germany approved of them. Some Turkish people wanted the men to get life terms in jail.

Hyperthermophile

Hyperthermophiles are extremophile organisms that live best in very hot environments– from 60°C (140°F) up to 100°C (212°F). The best temperature for hyperthermophiles to grow at is around 80°C (176°F). Hyperthermophiles are mostly in the Archaea domain, but some bacteria are able to tolerate temperatures of around 100°C (212°F) as well. Many hyperthermophiles are also able to tolerate other environmental extremes, like high acidity or radiation levels.

Solder

Solder is a metal or alloy that melts at a low temperature. There are two types of solder; soft solder and hard solder. Soft solder melts easily with soldering irons and is used for electronics and electrical work. Hard solder melts at a higher temperature with a torch. Using solder is called soldering. 

There are two main types of soft solder; lead solder and lead-free solder. Lead solders have about 60% (or 63%) tin and 40% (or 37%) lead in them. They are toxic because they have lead in them. They melt at around 185°C. Lead solder is cheap, so it used to be popular. In plumbing, a 50% tin and 50% lead mixture was used. People thought this was safe, but then they saw that the lead was coming into the water. Now lead solder is illegal for use on pipes that carry water. Lead solder was once used for food cans. After many years, the lead could come into the food. The cans poisoned people who ate the food. Lead solder is still used in electronics.

In 2006 the European Union, China, and California banned lead in consumer products. Lead solder became illegal in electronic devices in some places. Lead-free solder was needed. Many lead-free solders have tin, silver, and copper in them. They melt around 217°C. Sometimes indium is added to the solder to make it better, but indium is very expensive.

Many times when a metal is being soldered, it oxidizes, making a layer of metal oxide that does not hold solder. Flux is added to react with the metal oxide and turn it back into the metal again. That helps the solder connect to the metal. Rosin is a common flux. Some electronics makers use fluxes that can be washed away with water. Some solders have a flux core, where the flux is inside the solder.

Another type of solder is used to connect glass to other things. They melt around 450-550°C.

Frame-dragging

Frame dragging is a theory which says that space is elastic, and particles in it will exchange energy with it. In the scientific world, "elastic" means that when you apply a certain amount of force to an object (which will cause it to bend) and then remove the force, the object will return to its original shape and energy state. Also, space is referred to as spacetime, which is simply a way to bring together the concepts of space and time. This basically means that whenever space is affected, time is affected. Frame dragging would provide answers for very old questions about gravity, strong force, and wave-particle duality (how things like electrons can act like waves and particles at the same time).

In frame dragging, particles spin, and this spin has energy in it. (It is important to note that this is not quantum physics spin, but an actual angular momentum spin; the particles are actually spinning). Since spacetime is elastic in this theory, it can absorb the energy (spin) of the particle. This would slow down the spin of the particle.

Mass has a strange effect that we experience in the normal world: it attracts other mass. Scientists have been spending centuries trying to explain this occurrence. Recently, they have discovered that mass has an effect that it can curve spacetime. This means that when mass is present, the shortest path through spacetime between two points is slightly bent towards wherever the mass is.

Since the energy absorbed by spacetime has to go somewhere, many scientists predict that spacetime would be "bunched up," or folded. This can also be phrased as a curvature (bend) in spacetime. This would indicate that the particle generated gravity. The reason that this theory is called "frame dragging" is probably due to the effect of particles effectively "dragging" or "grabbing" spacetime as they spin. Not only would space be curved, but time would as well.

However, the way to imagine this "gravity" is not so much as the force that we normally consider when we think of gravity, since normal gravity is created as well (due to its mass). Basically, frame dragging is an effect that occurs when one object is moving near another, which makes both objects change their motion because of the other's motion. Frame dragging does not occur if an object is neither spinning nor moving. In effect, one object "deflects" the motion of the other, and the other way around.

Scientists such as Einstein and Schrödinger spent much of their lives trying to find an answer for how something like an electron can act like a wave and also act like a particle. Frame dragging states that since spacetime is elastic, it can also give the spin-energy back to the particle. Once the particle has all of its spin-energy given back to it, it acts most like a wave. At that point, it will once again begin using its energy bunching up spacetime. Once the particle is no longer spinning, it acts most like a particle. Then, spacetime begins giving the particle its energy back, and the cycle continues forever. This is how a particle can actually act like a particle and a wave at nearly the same time. No energy is lost during the cycle due to the conservation of energy.

Frame dragging also has an effect that if one particle is next to another, they can both save energy if one is absorbing energy as the other one is emitting it. (This can also increase the mass of both particles, using Einstein's famous equation that energy is equal to a certain amount of mass). This would encourage particles to group together, which would explain what strong force (a force that holds protons and neutrons in an atom nucleus together) is.

There are effects that come out of the math of the frame dragging theory. Scientists have tested one where if a small spinning object is orbiting a larger spinning object, the smaller object will slowly adjust its spin axis (the imaginary line which an object rotates around) to align with the larger object's spin axis. This is known as the Lense-Thirring effect. They have tested this theory by having a gyroscope (an object that normally keeps its spin axis the same) orbit the Earth, and seeing its spin axis align with the Earth's.

Antimony pill

An Antimony pill is a pill made from metallic antimony. It was a popular remedy in the nineteenth century, used to purge and revitalise the bowels. In use, it is swallowed and allowed to pass through the body, after which it is recovered for reuse. They called it the everlasting pill. 

Aluminium antimonide

Aluminium antimonide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlSb. It has aluminium and antimonide ions in it. Compounds like it, such as gallium antimonide and indium antimonide can be made into LEDs and detectors for Infrared radiation but aluminium antimonide doesn't work as well. It is used instead to make the other compounds work better by stopping defects forming as they are made. 

Aluminium antimonide is a black solid. It is a semiconductor. It reacts with acids to make stibine. It is a reducing agent. It has properties between a salt and an alloy.


Antimonide

Antimonide is an ion. Its chemical formula is Sb. It has antimony in its -3 oxidation state. Antimonides are reducing agents. They react with acids to make stibine. Many antimonides have properties between a salt and an alloy. Many transition metal and post-transition metal antimonides are semiconductors.


Stibine

Stibine, also known as antimony hydride or hydrogen antimonide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbH. It is a covalent compound. It could be seen as having antimonide and hydrogen ions, or antimony and hydride ions. 

Stibine is a colorless gas. It is very toxic. It has a bad smell like hydrogen sulfide. Its structure is similar to ammonia. It can be found in the Marsh test, a test for arsenic. Antimony is reacted with a mixture of zinc and hydrochloric acid in a tube, making stibine. The stibine is heated and a shiny area of antimony is made in the heated part of the tube. 

Stibine easily decomposes into antimony and hydrogen at room temperature. This decomposition can be explosive. It burns very easily in air to make antimony trioxide and water. It can be deprotonated by very strong bases. Stibine melts at -88°C and boils at -17°C.

Stibine was first found in 1837. It was difficult to find its properties because people did not know of a good way to make it. In 1901, Alfred Stock found a good way to make this gas and found most of its properties.

Stibine is made by reacting any antimonide with a strong acid. Some antimonides react with water to make this gas. Stibine can also be made by reacting any antimony(III) compound such as antimony trioxide with any hydride.

Stibine is used to dope semiconductors with antimony. Some claim that it is used as a fumigant, but phosphine works much better.

Stibine is a highly toxic gas, similar in toxicity to phosphine. It is too unstable to be of any hazard outside the laboratory, though.


Zinc antimonide

Zinc antimonide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnSb. It has zinc and antimonide ions in it.

Zinc antimonide is a gray solid. Its properties are between an alloy and a salt. It reacts with water to make stibine. It is a reducing agent. It is a semiconductor.

It is made by heating zinc and antimony. It is used in transistors and infrared detectors.


Antimony tribromide

Antimony tribromide, also known as antimony(III) bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbBr. It has antimony and bromide ions in it. The antimony is in its +3 oxidation state.

Antimony tribromide is a colorless solid. It absorbs water from the air. It reacts with water to make antimony trioxide and hydrobromic acid. It has covalent bonds in it and melts easily.

It is made by reacting antimony and bromine or by reacting concentrated hydrobromic acid with antimony trioxide.

It is used as a fire retardant. It is also used in dyeing, and analytical chemistry.


Antimony trichloride

Antimony trichloride, also known as antimony(III) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbCl. It has antimony and chloride ions in it. The antimony is in its +3 oxidation state.

Antimony trichloride is a white or pale yellow solid. It has a strong odor and absorbs water from the air. It reacts with water to make antimony trioxide and hydrochloric acid or hydrogen chloride. 

It is made by reacting chlorine with antimony, antimony trioxide, or antimony trisulfide.

It is used to detect Vitamin A. It is used to get horns off calves. It is also used as a catalyst.


Antimony trifluoride

Antimony trifluoride, also known as antimony(III) fluoride or Swart's reagent, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbF. It has antimony and fluoride ions in it. The antimony is in its +3 oxidation state. 

Antimony trifluoride is a light gray solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is very corrosive. It has a strong odor. 

It is made by reacting antimony trioxide with concentrated hydrofluoric acid or by reacting antimony with a little fluorine.

It is used to add fluoride ions to other chemical compounds in organic chemistry. A Belgian chemist reacted a chloride with antimony trifluoride and chlorine to make a fluoride from the chloride. It was used to make Freon. It is also used in pottery and dyeing.

Antimony trifluoride is highly corrosive. It is acidic and can burn the digestive system. It also makes ulcers.


Antimony triiodide

Antimony triiodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbI. It has antimony and iodide ions in it. The antimony is in its +3 oxidation state.

Antimony triiodide is a red solid. It is made by reacting antimony with iodine or by reacting concentrated hydriodic acid with antimony trioxide. It is used as a dopant. 


Antimony trioxide

Antimony trioxide, also known as antimony(III) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbO. It has antimony and oxide ions in it. It has antimony in its +3 oxidation state.

Antimony trioxide is a white solid. It is the most common antimony compound. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with oxidizing agents to make antimony pentoxide and with reducing agents to make antimony or stibine. It reacts with concentrated acids to make antimony(III) salts and dissolves in strong bases.

Antimony trioxide is found in two minerals, valentinite and senarmontite. Valentinite is a white mineral that is sometimes pale yellow.

Antimony trioxide is made when antimony is made. Stibnite is heated with air to make antimony trioxide. It is separated from arsenic by the boiling of the arsenic trioxide before the antimony trioxide boils. Antimony trioxide can also be made by a two step process. Stibnite is burned in air with calcium chloride to make calcium sulfate and antimony trichloride, which is reacted with water to make antimony trioxide.

Antimony trioxide is mainly used as a flame retardant. It is also used to make glass, enamel, and ceramic opaque (not clear). Some pigments have antimony in them. It is also used as a catalyst for making plastics. It is also used as a catalyst for vulcanizing rubber, making it more "rubbery" and less likely to crack.

Antimony trioxide is somewhat carcinogenic. It is somewhat toxic when eaten or breathed in.


Valentinite

Valentinite is a mineral. Its chemical formula is SbO. It is a mineral form of antimony trioxide. It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3. It is colorless to white. Its specific gravity is 5.76. It is made when stibnite is oxidized. 

Antimony trisulfide

Antimony trisulfide, also known as antimony(III) sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbS. It has antimony and sulfide ions in it. The antimony is in its +3 oxidation state.

Antimony trisulfide is a gray solid. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make hydrogen sulfide and an antimony(III) compound. It dissolves in potassium hydroxide. It burns in air to make antimony(III) oxide and sulfur dioxide. It is a reducing agent.

Stibnite is the mineral form of antimony trisulfide.

Antimony trisulfide is made in the laboratory by reacting any antimony(III) compound with hydrogen sulfide.

Antimony trisulfide is used in cosmetics; in this area it is called kohl. It is used in pyrotechnics to make a glitter effect. It is also used in the heads of safety matches. It used to be used in flash powder before electronic flashes were used.


Stibnite

Stibnite is a mineral. Its chemical formula is SbS. It is the main ore of antimony. The American Museum of Natural History has a huge crystal of stibnite. Stibnite is soft, with a Mohs hardness of 2. Its specific gravity is 4.63.

Antimony tetroxide

Antimony tetroxide, also known as antimony tetraoxide or antimony(III,V) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbO. It has antimony and oxide ions in it. The antimony is both in the +3 and the +5 oxidation state.

Antimony tetroxide is a white solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It turns yellow when heated and turns white again when cooled.

Antimony tetroxide is found as the mineral cervantite. It is made by heating antimony trioxide with air, burning antimony in air, or heated antimony pentoxide strongly.


Antimony pentachloride

Antimony pentachloride, also known as antimony(V) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbCl. It has antimony and chloride ions in it. The antimony is in its +5 oxidation state.

Antimony pentachloride is a colorless or yellow liquid. It releases toxic and odorous (bad odor) fumes in air. It melts at 2.8°C and boils at 140°C. It reacts with water to make antimony pentoxide and hydrochloric acid. It dissolves in hydrochloric acid. It dissolves in chloroform. It absorbs water to form a solid hydrate. It is a strong oxidizing agent.

It is made by reacting liquid antimony trichloride with chlorine. 

It is used in a test for caesium. It is also used in the making of chemicals and dyes.


Antimony chloride

Antimony chloride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Antimony pentafluoride

Antimony pentafluoride, also known as antimony(V) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbF. It has five antimony-fluorine bonds. The antimony is in its +5 oxidation state.

Antimony pentafluoride is a colorless thick liquid. It is an extremely powerful oxidizing agent and very reactive. It can oxidize oxygen in the present of fluorine. This is not normal as oxygen normally oxidizes other things; it does not get oxidized. It can make very strong acids when mixed with hydrogen fluoride. It was used in the first reaction that used fluorides to make fluorine.

It is made by reacting antimony pentoxide or antimony pentachloride with hydrofluoric acid. It can also be made by reacting antimony trifluoride with fluorine. 

It is used to make very strong acids.

Antimony pentafluoride reacts with most chemical compounds. It is extremely corrosive and poisonous.


Antimony pentoxide

Antimony pentoxide, also known as antimony pentaoxide and antimony(V) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SbO. It has antimony and oxide ions in it. The antimony is in its +5 oxidation state.

It is a yellow solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with hydrochloric acid and hydrofluoric acid to make antimony pentachloride and antimony pentafluoride. It breaks down to antimony tetroxide when heated to a high temperature.

It is made by reacting antimony trioxide with nitric acid. It can also be made by reacting antimony pentafluoride or antimony pentachloride with water.

Antimony pentoxide is used in fire retardants and the making of titanium dioxide. It is also used as a catalyst.


Lucas Cruikshank

Lucas Alan Cruikshank (born August 29, 1993) is an American comedian and television actor.

He was born in Columbus, Nebraska on August 29, 1993.

He created his character Fred Figglehorn, and his "Fred" series for his channel, on the video-sharing website YouTube. These videos are about Fred Figglehorn, a fictional 6-year-old who has a weird home life and "anger management issues".

Cruikshank is openly gay. In a video released August 20, 2013, he came out saying "I'm gay. I feel so weird saying it on camera. But my family and friends have known for like three years. I just haven't felt the need to announce it on the Internet."


Flaviviridae

Flaviviridae is a family of viruses that are primarily spread through arthropod vectors (mainly ticks and mosquitoes). The family gets its name from Yellow Fever virus, a type virus of Flaviviridae; "flavus" means "yellow" in Latin.

They include the following genera:

Paramyxovirus

Paramyxoviruses (from Greek "para"-, beyond, -"myxo"-, mucus or slime, plus virus, from Latin poison, slime) are viruses of the Paramyxoviridae family of the Mononegavirales order; they are negative-sense single-stranded RNA viruses responsible for a number of human and animal diseases.

Netherlands during World War II

During World War II, the Netherlands was taken by Germany by military force, and occupied it between 1940-1945. It started with the Battle of the Netherlands in 10 May 1940. On May 15, the Dutch government surrendered and the Germans took over. The Dutch government went to London. The country was liberated on 5 May 1945, when the Germans surrendered to the Canadian forces.


Protection (album)

Protection (1994) is Bristol-based trip-hop band Massive Attack's second album.

"Protection" was featured in the top ten of "Rolling Stone" magazine's 'Coolest Albums of All Time List,' calling it "great music for when you're driving around a city at 4 am," due to the 'chill out' nature of the album. Like most of Massive Attack's albums, the music often forgets about categorisation, ranging from R&B (title track, Sly) to hip hop/rap (Karmacoma, Eurochild) to reggae-tinged synthpop (Spying Glass) to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals (Weather Storm, Heat Miser).

Paul Evans of "Rolling Stone" gave the album three and a half of five stars calling it "Cool, sexy stuff, it smoothly fuses dub, club and soul, grounding its grace in sampled hip-hop beats."

It is the second and last Massive Attack album listed in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".

The track "Karmacoma" featured vocals from Tricky, and the video was directed by Jonathan Glazer. The song also features a sample from the track "Dream Time in Lake Jackson" by The KLF, which can be found 2:00 minutes in.

DJ Mad Professor remixed the album in 1995 under the name "No Protection".


Neneh Cherry

Neneh Marianne Karlsson (born 10 March 1964), known as Neneh Cherry is a Swedish singer-songwriter and rapper of mixed African-European descent. Cherry is also an occasional DJ and broadcaster. Cherry blends hip hop with other influences, and experienced some mainstream success with several of her recordings.

Cherry was born in Stockholm. A biracial woman, Cherry's father is from the Sierra Leone in West Africa and her mother, Moki, is from Sweden. However, she was raised by the African American jazz musician Don Cherry (1936-1995), whom her mother married early in her life.

Cherry left school at 14 and moved to London, where she joined the punk rock band "The Cherries". Cherry moved through several bands, including New Age Steppers, Rip Rig + Panic (with whom she appeared on an episode of cult sitcom "The Young Ones" in 1982), and Float Up CP. She also DJ'd, playing early rap music on the reggae pirate Dread Broadcasting Corporation.

In 1988 "Buffalo Stance" was released. Cherry's first album "Raw Like Sushi" was released on 2 May 1989. 

In 1992 Cherry's second album "Homebrew" was released. It did not sell as many copies as "Raw Like Sushi". 

In 1996 Cherry released "Man".

In February 2014 Cherry released her first solo album in 18 years, "Blank Project".

Blue Lines

Blue Lines is the first album by British electronica group Massive Attack, released on 8 April 1991 (see 1991 in music) by Virgin Records.

"Blue Lines" is usually considered the first trip hop album, although the term was not used commonly until years later. The album was a success in the United Kingdom, reaching #13 in the albums chart; sales were limited elsewhere. A mix of electronic music, hip hop, dub music, '70s soul music and reggae, the album established Massive Attack as one of the most best British bands of the 1990s and the founder of trip hop's Bristol Sound. Music critic Simon Reynolds stated that the album also marked a change in electronic/dance music, "a shift toward a more interior, meditational sound. The songs on "Blue Lines" run at 'spliff' tempos – from a mellow, moonwalking 90 beats per minute ...down to a positively torpid 67 bpm." The group also drew inspiration from concept albums in various genres by artists such as Pink Floyd, Public Image Ltd., Billy Cobham, Herbie Hancock and Isaac Hayes.

"Blue Lines" featured breakbeats, sampling, and rapping on a number of tracks, but the design of the album differed from common hip hop. Massive Attack approached the American-born hip hop movement from an underground British perspective, as well as incorporating live instruments into the mixes. It features the vocals of Shara Nelson and Horace Andy, along with the rapping of Tricky Kid. "Blue Lines" proved to be popular in the club scene, as well as on college radio stations.

Daddy G said about the making of the album: 

Instant camera

An instant camera is a type of camera that will generate a developed photo. The best-known examples were the instant film cameras developed by Polaroid.

Antimony oxide

Antimony oxide can refer to any of these chemical compounds:


Shinji Ikari

Shinji Ikari (碇シンジ) is a main character in "Neon Genesis Evangelion". He is the pilot of Evangelion Unit 01.

Shinji was born on June 6, 2001. His father, Gendo (ゲンドウ), is the commander of NERV. His mother, Yui (ユイ), died when Shinji was a child. Shinji lives in "Tokyo-3", a city built, after the original Tokyo was destroyed. He is a junior high school student and the pilot of Unit 01. He plays the cello. His blood type is A.

Shinji has low self-esteem. He is scared of piloting, and has left NERV a few times. He always returns to NERV for various reasons. Shinji makes a few friends throughout the series. He courageously tries to help them when they have problems, even if he could get hurt.

Asuka is a selfish American-German pilot of Unit-02. She insults anyone who tries to support her.

Shinji does not spend time with his father often.

Rei feels more lonely than Shinji, but acts like she does not have feelings. He is curious about her.

Shinji's guardian who lives in her apartment.


GAINAX NET , GAINAX Official web site. Retrieved 22.12.2010

Nihon TV Official web site , Nihon TV Official web site. Retrieved 22.12.2010 

Ice-T

Tracy Lauren Marrow (born February 16, 1958), better known by his stage name Ice-T, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor, and producer. He was born in Newark, New Jersey and moved to Summit, New Jersey during his childhood. He moved to Los Angeles, California in his early teens. His movies include "Ricochet" and "New Jack City". He is best known for his role in the TV series "".

New Edition

New Edition is an American R&B/pop music group from Boston's neighborhood Roxbury. It was formed in 1978. The members of the group are Ricky Bell, Michael Bivins, Ronnie DeVoe, Bobby Brown, Johnny Gill and Ralph Tresvant. They released hit songs, including "Mr. Telephone Man" and "Candy Girl" during the 1980s and 1990s. They were one of the first boy bands.

Brown left the group around 1985. Gill was later added to the group in 1987. Brown, Gill, and Tresvant became solo while the remaining three members formed the trio Bell Biv DeVoe. All six members reunited in the 1990s for their sixth album "Home Again" (1996). 

Sophie Marceau

Sophie Marceau (; born 17 November 1966) is a French actress, director and screenwriter.



Marie Louise d'Orléans

Marie Louise d'Orléans (26 March 1662 – 12 February 1689) was the first wife of King Charles II of Spain. She was a granddaughter of Louis XIII of France. In her adopted country, she was known as "Maria Luisa de Orléans".

Marie Louise d'Orléans was born at the Palais Royal in Paris and was the eldest daughter of Philippe of France and Henrietta of England. 

Charming, pretty and graceful, Marie Louise was her father's favourite and she had a happy childhood. Marie Louise spent a lot of time with both her grandmothers - Anne of Austria and Queen Henrietta Maria. For a time she was raised with the future Queen Anne I of Great Britain, her first cousin who lived in France till 1670. Marie Louise's mother died the same year and her father married Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate in 1671. All her life, Marie Louise would maintain an affectionate correspondence with her stepmother. 

She was forced to marry Charles II of Spain. The proxy marriage ceremony took place at the Palace of Fontainebleau on 30 August 1679. On 19 November 1679, Marie Louise and Charles II were married in-person in Quintanapalla, near Burgos, Spain. This was the start of a very lonely existence at the Spanish court. Her new husband had fallen madly in love with her, whose beauty and charm were renowned, and his passion for her remained with him until the end of his life. The very rigid etiquette of the Spanish Court (it was even forbidden to touch the Queen), and her unsuccessful attempts to bear a child, however, caused her to suffer from depression. 

Her French attendants were all accused of plotting against the king and his family and, as a result, one of her personal maids was tortured under allegations. Due to the nature of the times, and the Spanish Court’s hatred of the young French princess, there were even riots outside the Palace in Madrid where she resided. 

After years of trying and of increasing homesickness of her happy years in France with her family, Marie Louise turned to food. During the last years of her life, she became overweight. After horseback riding on 11 February 1689, she felt a severe pain in the abdomen which forced her to lie down the rest of the evening. She died the following night. 

Her husband was heartbroken at the death of his wife. At the time, there were rumours that she had been poisoned but it seems likely that the real cause of Marie Louise's death was appendicitis. Shortly after the Queen's death, the Spanish ministers began to look for a second wife for the King. The main candidates were the Tuscan princess Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici and the Maria Anna of Neuburg and the latter was chosen. Charles II died childless in 1700 ending the Spanish branch of the House of Habsburg.

Andrew Vowles

Andrew Lee Isaac Vowles (born 10 November 1967, Southmead Hospital, Bristol, England), also known as Mushroom, is a founding member of British trip-hop band Massive Attack.

Vowles grew up in Bath. The same time to Massive Attack, Vowles, along with Robert Del Naja, Grant Marshall, Nellee Hooper, and others were The Wild Bunch crew, named after a western by Sam Peckinpah. Several members of The Wild Bunch formed Massive Attack.

Vowles stayed a member of Massive Attack until shortly after the release of their third full-length album, "Mezzanine", in 1998. Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go; Vowles liking a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes. He also had expressed a dislike for touring, an activity which he characterised as "pimping".

Marie Jeanne of Savoy

Marie Jeanne of Savoy (Marie Jeanne Baptiste; 11 April 1644 – 15 March 1724) was Duchess of Savoy as wife of Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy. She acted as Regent for her son Victor Amadeus II and was the sister of the Queen of Portugal.

She was born a Princess of Savoy in Paris. Married by proxy to Charles of Lorraine in 1662, Lorraine soon refused to recognise the union. Despite this, she married Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy in 1665 who was her second cousin once removed. The mother of the future Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia who saw the elevation of the House of Savoy to kings, she styled herself as Madama Reale or Madame Royale and acted as Regent of Savoy from 1675 in the name of her son Victor Amadeus II who was his successor. Her regency officially ended in 1680 but she maintained power for four years until her son banished her from further influence in the state. She left a considerable architectural legacy in Turin and was responsible for the remodelling of the which was her private residence. At the time of her death she was the mother of the King of Sardinia as well as great-grandmother of the King of Spain and King of France as well as the mother of the King of Sardinia.

Her name in French would be translated as Marie "Jeanne Baptiste de Savoie" whereas in Italian it would translate as "Maria Giovanna Battista di Savoia". The addition of Nemours to either is incorrect and holds no relevance to her other than she was a daughter of a duke of Nemours. The French version of her name is used more than its Italian variant. Therefore, she is known as simply Marie Jeanne of Savoy.



Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy

Charles Emmanuel II (20 June 1634 – 12 June 1675) was the Duke of Savoy from 1638 to 1675 and under regency of his mother Christine Marie of France until 1663. He was also the claimant king of Cyprus and Jerusalem. At his death in 1675 his second wife Marie Jeanne of Savoy acted as Regent for their eleven-year-old son.

He was born in Turin to Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy and Christine Marie of France. In 1638 at the death of his older brother Francis Hyacinth, Duke of Savoy, Charles Emmanuel succeeded to the duchy of Savoy at the age of 4. His mother governed in his place, and even after reaching adulthood, Charles Emmanuel continued a life of pleasure, far away from the affairs of state.

Only after the death of his mother in 1663, he really assumed power.

But he greatly improved commerce and wealth in the Duchy, developing the port of Nice and building a road through the Alps towards France. He also reformed the army by forming five Piedmontese regiments and recreated cavalry, as well as introducing uniforms. He also restored fortifications. He constructed many beautiful buildings in Turin, for instance the Palazzo Reale where he died. He is buried at Turin Cathedral.

Charles Emmanuel married twice.



Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia

Victor Amadeus II (Vittorio Amedeo Sebastiano; 14 May 1666 – 31 October 1732) was Duke of Savoy from 1675 to 1730. He also held the titles of Marquis of Saluzzo, Duke of Montferrat, Prince of Piedmont, Count of Aosta, Moriana and Nizza. 

He was the only child born to Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy and Marie Jeanne of Savoy. At his fathers death in 1675, his mother took over a regency in the name of her nine year old son and would remain in de facto power till 1684 when Victor Amadeus banished her further involvement in the state. Louis XIV organised his marriage to Anne Marie d'Orléans in order to maintain French influence in the Duchy but Victor Amadeus soon broke away from the influence of France. Anne Marie was a devoted wife but Victor Amadeus did not love her. 

Having fought in the War of the Spanish Succession, he became king of Sicily in 1713 but he was forced to exchange this title and instead became king of Sardinia to which his direct descendants claim as part of the Kingdom of Italy. He abdicated in 1730 and the crown was inherited by his son Charles Emmanuel III. Victor Amadeus left a considerable cultural influence in Turin remodelling the Royal Palace of Turin, Palace of Venaria, Palazzina di caccia of Stupinigi as well as building the Basilica of Superga where he rests.

His distant relationship with his mother was always strained and has been blamed on her ambition to keep power to herself. Marie Jeanne spent most of her time relegated to state business which she enjoyed and had little time for her only child whom she kept under close supervision in order to make sure he would try to assume power. Anne Marie gave her husband six children but also had two stillbirths of each gender one in 1691 and again in 1697. Three of these children would go on to have further progeny including the eldest Maria Adelaide who was the mother of Louis XV of France. His second daughter Maria Luisa known in the family as "Louison" would marry Philip V of Spain in 1701 and was also regent of Spain for various periods. These two marriages were tactics used by Louis XIV to keep Victor Amadeus close to France prior to the War of the Spanish Succession.

Anne Marie would remain a devoted wife. She quietly accepted his extramarital affairs the longest one being with the famed beauty Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert by whom he had two children. Jeanne Baptiste was his mistress for eleven years and eventually fled Savoy due to Victor Amadeus' obsession with her. Victor Amadeus subsequently had his daughter including the future Maria Vittoria marry the Prince of Carignan from which the present Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples is a direct descendant. His favourite child was Victor Amadeus born in 1699 and given the title Prince of Piedmont as heir apparent. At the death of the Prince of Piedmont in 1715 from smallpox Victor Amadeus II was very upset. His devoted wife Anne Marie died in 1728 after a series of heart attacks.

His relationship with his younger son and eventual successor Charles Emmanuel was a cold one and the two were never close. Victor Amadeus organised the first two marriages of Charles Emmanuel the first one being to Anne Christine of Sulzbach, daughter of the Count Palatine of Sulzbach which produced a son which died in infancy. The second marriage was to Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg a first cousin of Anne Christine and mother of six children including the future Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia.




Bob Clampett

Robert Emerson Clampett Sr. (May 8, 1913 – May 2, 1984) was an American animator, director, producer and puppeteer. He was one of the important people in the history of American animation. He claimed to have invented the characters of Porky Pig, Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny.

Clampett was born in San Diego, California, on May 8, 1913. He held a number of jobs including a newspaper cartoonist, and at Disney, before becoming an animator for Harman-Ising.

He died in Detroit, Michigan, on May 2, 1984.

Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans

Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans, Duchess of Montpensier (29 May 1627 – 5 April 1693) known as La Grande Mademoiselle, was the eldest daughter of Gaston d'Orléans, and his first wife Marie de Bourbon, Duchess of Montpensier (duchess in her own right). She inherited her title from her mother and was given to her first cousin the Duke of Orléans in 1695 by order of Louis XIV when it was clear that Anne Marie Louise would not have children. She was known as Mademoiselle for most of her life. She was the wealthiest woman of her time. 

Her mother died giving birth to her. Her mother was the Duchess of Montpensier in her own right and the title was inherited by Anne Marie Louise. She was one of the greatest heiresses in history. She died unmarried and childless, leaving her vast fortune to her cousin, Philippe of France. After a string of proposals from various members of European royalty, including Charles II of England, Afonso VI of Portugal and Charles Emmanuel II of Savoy, she eventually fell in love with Antoine Nompar de Caumont, Duke of Lauzun and scandalised the court when she asked Louis XIV for permission to marry him, as such a union was viewed as a "mésalliance". She is best remembered for her role in the "Fronde", bringing the famous opera composer Jean Baptiste Lully to the king's court, and her "Mémoires". She carried out various improvements to the Château of Eu, Château of Saint-Fargeau and Château of Choisy, her personal properties.


Canine distemper

Canine distemper is a viral disease that affects animals in the families Canidae, Mustelidae, Mephitidae, Procyonidae and some Felidae (though not domestic cats: feline distemper or panleukopenia is a different virus exclusive to cats). It is most commonly associated with domestic animals such as dogs and ferrets, although it can infect wild animals as well. It is a single-stranded RNA virus of the family paramyxovirus, and thus a close relative of measles and rinderpest. Despite extensive vaccination in many regions, it remains a major disease of dogs.

Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo

Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo is a comic published in Weekly Shonen-Jump. It is a serial comic that started in 1976. "Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari-kouenmae hashutsujo" is called "Kochikame" for short. This comic is in the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest running serial comic. This comic been made into animated cartoons, drama and movies.

The author is Osamu Akimoto. He was born 11 December 1952, in Tokyo. He got a "Young-Jump Prize" in 1976, then debuted with his short story, and started serial publication on September 1976. He had never been withheld from publication. His masterpieces are "Mr.Clice", "Tokyo-Hukagawa Sandaime" and so on.

The hero of this comic. He is a policeman of Shin-Katsushika police station. One of his hobbies is moneymaking. He is the best tough guy in this comic.

He is a policeman of Shin-Katsushika police station. In addition, the son of "Nakagawa financial combine". He is very handsome, tall and versatility policeman. He knows nothing of the world.

She is a policewoman of Shin-Katsushika police station. In addition, the daughter of "Akimoto trading company". She has a beautiful face but she is a masculine woman. She appeared from 100th story.

He is a policeman of Shin-Katsushika police station. The boss of Kameari-kouenmae hashutsujo. He is tender toward everyone but strict with working.



Inō Tadataka

, also romanized as "Inou", was born in Kujyukuri, Chiba. His real name was Jinbo Sanjiro. He was a Japanese surveyor and mapmaker. He was the first person who made an accurate map of Japan. He started his travel through Japan in 1800. He walked together with his group about 44,000 km to create a map of Japan. When he died in 1818, Takahashi Kageyasu took over and finished the map in 1821.

He was born in Kujukuri, Chiba. When he was 18 years old, he was adopted by the Inou family in Sawara. The Inou family was in a difficult situation because they did not earn much money. However, he ran the family business and it succeeded. When he was 50 years old, he went to Edo to study astronomy because he was interested in it.

In 1800, when he was 55 years old, he went to Hokkaido and started to make a map. After three years, he finished making a map of East Japan. Before making a map, the government opposed him making it but it was very accurate. Therefore, the government ordered him to make a map of West Japan. In 1815, he completed it. 

After his death, some monuments and commemoration were built. For example, Ino Tadataka Anniversary Park in Kujukuri is one of the famous commemorations. In 1995, the Japanese government made a commemorative 80 Yen postage stamp.

Anwar Sadat

Muhammad Anwar el-Sadat (25 December 1918 – 6 October 1981) was the third President of Egypt. He served from 15 October 1970 until he was assassinated by Islamic extremists on 6 October 1981.

Muhammad Anwar el-Sadat was born in 1918 into a family with 13 children, and attended a military school. After his graduation, he was sent to an outpost where he met and became a close friend of Gamal Abdel Nasser. There, the two of them became part of a group of young soldiers who later became the Free Officers group (both Nasser and Sadat were colonels) that overthrew the Muhammad Ali Dynasty in the Egyptian Revolution of 1952. Nasser became the president after the revolution, and Sadat served as one of Nasser's ministers until he died in 1970.

Sadat was chosen as president because Nasser's supporters saw him as someone who they could control. They did not think he would be president for very long. However, in his eleven years as president Sadat changed a lot of the things Nasser had set in place, and made Egypt respected for its military strength and political power in the Middle East. On 6 October 1973, Sadat started the October War together with Syria, to try to take back the land Israel had taken from them six years earlier in the Six-Day War. The Egyptian army was very successful at the start of the war, and their advance across the Suez Canal into the Sinai Peninsula surprised Israel and the rest of the world. This success made Sadat a hero in Egypt, and for a time throughout the Arab World.

Sadat visited Israel in 1977 and made a speech in front of the Knesset about what he thought was the best way to bring about peace with them. He was the first Arab leader to visit Israel and make peace with them. In 1978, he signed a peace treaty with Israel. This won him the Nobel Peace Prize, but made him very unpopular among other Arabs who did not support peace with Israel. This led to Egypt being suspended from the Arab League at that time.

Many Islamists were very angry about the peace treaty. They made plans to take over the Egyptian government and kill all the main leaders, so that they could bring Egypt back to having an Islamic government instead of a secular one. In February 1981, the Egyptian government heard of this plan. In September that year, Sadat ordered over 1500 people arrested because he thought they might be part of the plot. These people included Islamists, but also the Bishop and other clergy, and many of Egypt's top intellectuals and activists. This arrest was very unpopular. However, Sadat missed a group of Islamists in the military who were led by Lieutenant Khalid Islambouli. This group assassinated Sadat on 6 October during the victory parade celebrating the crossing into the Sinai Peninsula. Eleven other people were killed in the attack, and 28 were wounded. At the same time, Islamists also took control of the city of Asyut for a few days.

Sadat's funeral was attended by many important people from around the world, including Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and Richard Nixon, but only three Arab nations sent representatives, and only Sudan's head of state attended. Sadat was succeeded by his vice-president Hosni Mubarak.

Knesset

The Knesset ( - lit. "HaKnesset"; meaning "the gathering" or "assembly"; ) is the legislative branch of the government of Israel. It makes laws, elects the president and prime minister, supervises the work of the government, and has the power to remove the President and the State Comptroller from office and to call new elections. The Knesset has de jure authority to make and change any laws without being overturned. It can pass any law by a simple majority. There are 120 members in the Knesset.

The Knesset is in Givat Ram, a western central neighbourhood of Jerusalem.

The current Knesset is the 25th Knesset, elected on November 1, 2022 and sworn in on November 15, 2022.



100th Window

100th Window is the fourth studio album from the Bristol-based trip-hop group Massive Attack. Of the band's original core people, the album only features Robert Del Naja. Andrew Vowles left shortly after the release of "Mezzanine", and Grant Marshall did not want to be in the making of the record.

Released in February 2003, "100th Window" was written and produced by Del Naja and Neil Davidge, and features vocals from Horace Andy and Sinéad O'Connor, as well as one appearance by Damon Albarn. It is the first album by the band that made no use of samples, and contains none of the jazz or jazz fusion stylings of the "Blue Lines" or "Protection" recordings, but is less dark than "Mezzanine". The album could have been released earlier, but Del Naja was arrested a few months earlier before it was released under suspicion of child pornography offences. However, he was cleared.


Santiago

Santiago could mean:
In Argentina:

In Brazil:

In Cape Verde:

In Chile:

In Colombia:

In Costa Rica:

In Cuba:

In Dominican Republic:

In Ecuador:

In Jamaica:

In Mexico:

In Panama:

In Paraguay:

In Peru:

In the Philippines:

In Portugal:

In Spain:

In the United States:

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) are the common set of accounting principles, standards and procedure that company use to make their financial statement. They can also be known simply as Accounting Standards.

Larry Brown (ice hockey)

Larry Wayne Brown (born April 14, 1947 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. His career included playing in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings.


Aluminium arsenide

Aluminium arsenide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlAs. It has aluminium and arsenide ions in it.

Aluminium arsenide is an orange solid. It is toxic because it has arsenic in it. It is a semiconductor. It reacts with acids to make arsine. It is made by reacting aluminium and arsenic.


Matt Calvert

Matt Calvert (born December 24, 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Drafted in the 5th Round (127th overall) by the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2008 NHL Entry Draft he currently plays with the Colorado Avalanche. He also played for the Springfield Falcons of the AHL and the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the only player in WHL history to score three short-handed goals in one period in the playoffs.

Lude Check

Ludic Check (May 22, 1918 – May 11, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League. After several years of hockey in Manitoba, Saskatchewan and New York, Check was signed by the Montreal Canadiens after a season playing with the Quebec Senior Hockey League in 1943. In his first NHL season, he played only one professional game, with the Red Wings in 1944.

Check was then loaned to the Blackhawks, where he played 26 games in his final NHL season. The Canadiens then renewed his contract and sent him to the Ottawa "Senior" Senators of the Quebec Senior Hockey League, where he spent the last six seasons of his career. Check was a part of two Allan Cup-winning teams, in 1944 and 1949, and became a sales representative in later life. He died on May 11, 2009 in Ottawa, Ontario at the age of 91.

Check was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 22, 1917. Alongside Frank Stahan, Check played two seasons from 1936 through 1938 with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League. He played two seasons for the Regina Aces (later renamed the Regina Vic-Aces) of the Saskatchewan Senior Hockey League from 1938 through 1940 before deciding to continue his career at the professional level. At the peak of his career, Check stood five feet, ten inches tall and weighed 165 pounds.

After these teams Check, a left winger, spent a season with the New York Rovers of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League. Although the team finished last, he nevertheless was responsible for 21 goals and 20 assists. This was followed by a year with the Sydney Millionaires of the Cape Breton Senior Hockey League, producing 29 goals and 22 assists.

During the 1942–1943 season, Check was signed by the National Hockey League's Montreal Canadiens, although he continued to play for the Quebec Aces of the Quebec Senior Hockey League through 1944, scoring for them a total of 60 goals and 40 assists. His only NHL game during this period was played with the Detroit Red Wings on March 11, 1944, when the Canadiens provided him as an emergency injury replacement, and he did not score any points. Check did, however, win his first Allan Cup while playing with the Aces, defeating the Port Arthur Shipbuilders in 1944. For the 1944-1945 season, he was loaned to the Chicago Black Hawks, playing 26 games and scoring six goals and two assists.

Check spent the rest of his career with the Ottawa "Senior" Senators of the QSHL, after having his contract re-purchased by the Canadiens and being loaned out. He competed in the Allan Cup twice more. In 1948 his team lost to the Edmonton Eskimos, but captured the championship in 1949 after facing off against the Regina Pats. In six seasons with the Senators, he scored a total of 81 goals and 84 assists, placing him among the top ten league scorers four times. He retired after the 1950–1951 season.

After his hockey career, Check worked as a sales representative for the Hiram Walker distillery for over 30 years. Check died on May 11, 2009 at the age of 91 in Ottawa, Ontario. At the time of his death, he was one of the last surviving players from Ottawa's last Allan Cup championship team, the Senior Senators of 1949.

Jimmy Creighton

James Albert "Jimmy" Creighton (November 18, 1905 — May 29, 1990) was a Canadian ice hockey player and politician from Brandon, Manitoba.

Creighton played eleven games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Falcons in 1931, scoring one goal and receiving one minor penalty. He was traded to the New York Americans in December 1931, but never played for the team. He later worked in the International Hockey League and the Can-Am Leagues. Creighton became a professional hockey referee after retiring as a player, and later worked as a general insurance salesman.

He served as an alderman in Brandon in 1946, 1948 and 1949, and was mayor of the city from 1952 to 1955 and from 1958 to 1961.

Creighton won the Liberal-Progressive nomination for Brandon City in the 1953 provincial election, defeating W.A. Wood and J.C. MacDonald at a contested meeting. He lost to Progressive Conservative candidate Reginald Lissaman in the general election, receiving 3,063 votes (40.13%) on the first count and losing on the second. Provincial elections in Manitoba were conducted by the single transferable ballot in this period.

Later in the same year, Creighton ran for the Canadian House of Commons in the 1953 federal election as a Liberal candidate in Brandon—Souris. He received 8,456 votes, and finished second to Progressive Conservative Walter Dinsdale. He ran for the Manitoba legislature a second time in the 1962, and lost to Lissaman again.

He suffered from Parkinson's Disease in his later years, and was eventually confined to a nursing home prior to his death in 1990.


Bill Fairbairn

William John "Bulldog" Fairbairn (born January 7, 1947 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired professional hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers, Minnesota North Stars and St. Louis Blues.


Arsenide

Arsenide is an ion. Its chemical formula is As. Most arsenides have arsenic in its -3 oxidation state. Ionic arsenides are very basic and are strong reducing agents. Most arsenides are more metallic, like zinc arsenide. Arsenides react with acids to make arsine gas.


Arsine

Arsine, also known as arsenic hydride or hydrogen arsenide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsH. It has hydrogen and arsenide ions in it. The hydrogen is in its +1 oxidation state.

Arsine is a colorless gas. It is a reducing agent. It has a weak garlic odor. It easily burns to make arsenic trioxide in excess air or arsenic in small amounts of air. It breaks down to arsenic and hydrogen when heated. It can dissolve in water. It is heavier than air. Arsine reacts violently with oxidizing agents, such as the halogens.

Arsine is made by reacting any arsenic(III) compound with any hydride. It can also be made by reacting any arsenide with an acid. It was first made by reacting zinc, hydrochloric acid, and arsenic trioxide.

Arsine is used to make semiconductors like gallium arsenide. It was looked at as a chemical weapon. It is almost odorless (it kills before one smells it), heavy (spreads along the ground), and colorless. It was unstable though, easily igniting.

Arsine is extremely toxic. 0.00005% (0.5 ppm) can poison people; 0.025% (250 ppm) quickly kills people.


Gallium arsenide

Gallium arsenide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is GaAs. It has gallium and arsenide ions in it. The gallium is in the +3 oxidation state.

Gallium arsenide is a gray solid. It makes crystals in a cube shape. It reacts slowly with water and quickly with acids to make arsine. It oxidizes in air.

It is made by reacting arsenic trichloride or arsenic with gallium.

Gallium arsenide is mainly used as a semiconductor. It has several things better about it than silicon. The semiconductors made are faster and higher power. LED's using gallium arsenide are efficient. Silicon, though is cheaper. Silicon dioxide is a good insulator; gallium arsenide does not make a good insulator like silicon does. Silicon semiconductors also take less power than gallium arsenide ones.


Zinc arsenide

Zinc arsenide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnAs. It has zinc and arsenide ions.

Zinc arsenide is a gray solid. It reacts with acids to make arsine gas. It is toxic like all arsenic compounds. It is made by heating arsenic with zinc.


Arsenic tribromide

Arsenic tribromide, also known as arsenic(III) bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsBr. It has arsenic and bromide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic tribromide is a white or pale yellow solid. It is highly toxic. It reacts with water to make arsenic trioxide and hydrobromic acid. It melts at a low temperature.

It is made by reacting arsenic and bromine.


Arsenic trichloride

Arsenic trichloride, also known as arsenic(III) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsCl. It has three arsenic-chlorine bonds in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic trichloride is a colorless or yellowish liquid. It melts at -16°C and boils at 130.2°C. It reacts with water, similar to phosphorus trichloride, to make arsenous acid and hydrochloric acid. It makes fumes in moist air. It is highly toxic.

Arsenic trichloride is made by reacting arsenic with chlorine or by reacting arsenic trioxide with hydrochloric acid or sulfur monochloride. 

It is used to make other arsenic compounds. It is also used to make organo-arsenic compounds.


Arsenic trifluoride

Arsenic trifluoride, also known as arsenic(III) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsF. It has arsenic and fluoride ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic trifluoride is a colorless liquid. It melts at -8.5°C and boils at 60.4°C. It is highly toxic. It reacts with water to make arsenous acid and hydrofluoric acid, both very dangerous acids. 

It is made by reacting arsenic trioxide with hydrofluoric acid or by reacting excess arsenic with fluorine.

It is used to change nonmetal chlorides to fluorides.


Arsenic fluoride

Arsenic fluoride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Arsenic triiodide

Arsenic triiodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsI. It has arsenic and iodide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic triiodide is an orange-red solid. It easily sublimes. It dissolves in water and reacts very slowly to make arsenious acid and hydroiodic acid. The solution is very acidic. It breaks down when heated to make arsenic trioxide, arsenic metal, and iodine. It is a weak reducing agent.

It is made by reacting sodium or potassium iodide with arsenic trichloride.

As "Donovan's solution" it was said to treat many diseases which it did not treat.


Arsenic trioxide

Arsenic trioxide, also known as white arsenic, arsenic(III) oxide, or arsenious oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsO. It has arsenic and oxide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic trioxide is a white solid. It dissolves in water to make an acidic solution of arsenious acid. It dissolves easily in bases to make arsenites. It reacts with concentrated hydrochloric acid to make arsenic trichloride. It reacts with very strong oxidizing agents to make arsenic pentoxide. It reacts with reducing agents to make arsenic or arsine. It sublimes much easier than metal oxides, making it easy to separate by heating the mixture.

Arsenic trioxide is rarely found as a mineral. It is normally made from orpiment or realgar, arsenic sulfide minerals. About 50,000 tons of arsenic trioxide are made each year. Arsenic trioxide is made by burning arsenic in air, reacting arsenic with concentrated sulfuric acid, or the roasting of arsenic sulfide ores.

It is used to make elemental arsenic. It was used as a pigment (in Paris green) and as a wood preservative but was banned in many countries because it is so toxic. Arsenic trioxide is used to fight cancer.

Arsenic trioxide is highly toxic when eaten. It also can be toxic if on the skin for long amounts of time. It affects the digestive system when eaten. Workers exposed to arsenic trioxide fumes in their job can be poisoned as well.


Arsenic oxide

Arsenic oxide can refer to either of these arsenic oxides:


Arsenic trisulfide

Arsenic trisulfide, also known as orpiment or arsenic(III) sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsS. It has arsenic and sulfide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenic trisulfide is a yellow solid. It is a semiconductor. It has a glass (amorphous) form and a crystalline form. It burns in air to make sulfur dioxide and arsenic trioxide, which makes a highly toxic smoke. Arsenic trisulfide can oxidize on the surface to make a highly toxic layer of arsenic trioxide as well. Arsenic trisulfide is not toxic unless it oxidizes. It does not react with acids.

Arsenic trisulfide is found as the mineral orpiment.

Arsenic trisulfide is made when an arsenic compound like arsenic trichloride reacts with hydrogen sulfide. It is also made when arsenic and sulfur are heated together. 

It was looked at for treating cancer. It was used by the Egyptians as a pigment and cosmetic. It is used in glass. 


Arsenous acid

Arsenous acid, also known as arsenious acid, is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is As(OH). It has arsenic and hydroxide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state.

Arsenous acid is a colorless solution. It is a weak acid. It reacts with bases to make arsenite salts. It is highly toxic. It cannot be made in a crystalline form because it turns into arsenic trioxide and water again. It is similar to phosphorous acid, although it is not a strong reducing agent.

It is made by dissolving arsenic trioxide or arsenic trichloride in water. 


Arsenite

Arsenite is an ion. Its chemical formula can be either AsO or AsO. It has arsenic in its +3 oxidation state. All arsenites are highly toxic. Sodium arsenite is an example. Arsenites are salts of arsenous acid.

Sometimes arsenite means arsenic trioxide, especially in groundwater chemistry (chemistry dealing with the properties of water in the ground)


Paris green

Paris green, which has the chemical name copper(II) acetoarsenite, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Cu(CHO) · 3 Cu(AsO). It has copper, acetate, and arsenite ions in it. The copper is in its +2 oxidation state.

Paris green is a blue-green solid. It is extremely toxic. It has a very bright blue-green color. It darkens in air.

It is made by reacting copper(II) acetate with arsenic trioxide and water.

Paris green was first used to kill rats in sewers in Paris. This is where it got its name from. It was used as an insecticide. It was dropped from airplanes to stop malaria in Italy. It was used as a bright green pigment. It was painted on ships to prevent barnacles from growing. In many places, Paris green is banned because it is so toxic. It is only used in a very few places.

Paris green is extremely toxic. It used to be common and so was a common poison.


Potassium arsenite

Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KAsO. It has potassium and arsenite ions in it.

It is a solid. It is highly toxic.

It is made by reacting arsenic trioxide with potassium hydroxide.

It was used as a "medicine", but it is carcinogenic and toxic so it is not used anymore. It is banned for use as a pesticide in the United Kingdom.


Sodium arsenite

Sodium arsenite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaAsO. It has sodium and arsenite ions in it. 

Sodium arsenite is a colorless solid. It is highly toxic and carcinogenic. 

Sodium arsenite is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with arsenic trioxide.


Arsenic pentafluoride

Arsenic pentafluoride, also known as arsenic(V) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsF. It has five arsenic-fluorine bonds in it. The arsenic is in its +5 oxidation state.

Arsenic pentafluoride is a colorless gas. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is highly toxic. It makes an ionic bond with sulfur tetrafluoride. Its melting point is -79.8°C and its boiling point is -52.8°C.

Arsenic pentafluoride is made by reacting arsenic trifluoride with fluorine or by reacting arsenic with a large amount of fluorine.


Arsenic pentoxide

Arsenic pentoxide, also known as arsenic(V) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AsO. It has arsenic and oxide ions in it. The arsenic is in its +5 oxidation state. More common is arsen in its oxidation state +3 as AsO (arsenic trioxide or arsenic(III) oxide). The LD50 for arsenic pentoxide is 8mg/kg for rats. When the substance becomes wet, it turns into arsenic acid, which corrodes metals.

Arsenic pentoxide is a white, odourless solid. It dissolves easily in water to make arsenic acid. It is highly toxic, as are almost all arsenic compounds. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine. AsO breaks down to arsenic trioxide and oxygen when heated to about 300°C. 

It reacts with bases to make arsenates. The energy for the reaction is taken from the heating.

Arsenic pentoxide cannot be produced by burning arsen. That only results in AsO. To produce arsenic pentoxid, arsenic acid will be dehydrated. This is done with phosphorus(V) oxide.

The arsenic pentoxide drops out as white powder.

Arsenic pentoxide is used to make pesticides and insecticides. It is also used in glass industry.


Arsenate

Arsenate is an ion. Its chemical formula is AsO. It has arsenic in its +5 oxidation state. 

Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid. They are oxidizing agents. Sometimes, not all of the protons are taken away from the arsenic acid and then hydrogen arsenate salts are formed. Their chemical formulas are HAsO or HAsO. 

Arsenate can replace phosphate in the cells but it does not work like a phosphate does. The cell dies, and that is why arsenates are toxic. Some bacteria can use arsenate instead of phosphate, though. They are called arsenic bacteria. 

Arsenates occur naturally in a variety of minerals. Those minerals may contain hydrated or anhydrous arsenates. Unlike phosphates, arsenates are not lost from a mineral during weathering. Examples of arsenate-containing minerals include adamite, alarsite, annabergite, erythrite and legrandite.

Arsenic acid

Arsenic acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HAsO. It has hydrogen and arsenate ions in it.

Arsenic acid is a colorless solid. It absorbs water from the air. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is similar to phosphoric acid. It can be deprotonated three times, making various arsenates. Arsenic acid reacts with iodide to make iodine. 

It is made by reacting moist arsenic with ozone or by reacting arsenic trioxide with concentrated nitric acid. It can also be made by dissolving arsenic pentoxide in water.

Arsenic acid is used in the making of some dyes and organic arsenic compounds. It is also used as a preservative for wood and a biocide (something that kills all living things).


Breccia

Breccia is a type of rock formed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine-grained matrix. The matrix may be similar to or different from the composition of the fragments. 

Rocks formed by sticking together pieces of previous rocks (clasts) are called clastic rocks. There are two types of clastic rock: conglomerates and breccias. What divides these two categories is the amount of rounding. The particles that make up conglomerates are well rounded, whereas in breccias they are angular.

A breccia may have a variety of different origins, as indicated by the named types including sedimentary breccia, tectonic breccia, igneous breccia, impact breccia and hydrothermal breccia.

The basic sequence is as follows. Sediment is laid down in the sea, and is gradually transformed into sedimentary rock. After a long period of time something violent happens to the rock, breaking it up into many jagged pieces. Later the pieces are cemented together by another deposition, forming a new sedimentary rock. This is a breccia. On examination, the rock is seen to include fragments of the original rock.

Brecciated marble can have a marvellous appearance. The Pantheon in Rome is full of the most wonderful marble, many of which are breccias. It includes two gigantic columns of pavonazzetto, a breccia coming from Phrygia (in modern Turkey). Pavonazzetto obtains its name from its extremely colourful appearance, which is reminiscent of a peacock's feathers ("pavone" is "peacock" in Italian).

Lead arsenate

Lead arsenate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbHAsO. It has lead, hydrogen, and arsenate (HAsO) ions in it. The lead is in its +2 oxidation state.

Lead arsenate is a white solid. It is highly toxic because of the lead and the arsenic in it. It does not dissolve in water.

It was made by reacting lead nitrate with arsenic acid.

It was the most used insecticide that had arsenic in it. It was used against the potato beetle and the spongy moth. It replaced the even more toxic Paris Green. It was later used to kill certain moths, mosquitoes, and pests of cranberries. It was found that it stayed inside fruits even after washing off, so it was replaced with DDT. It was completely banned in 1988.


Potassium arsenate

Potassium arsenate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula can be KAsO, KHAsO, or KHAsO. It has potassium and arsenate ions in it. 

Potassium arsenate is a white solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is an oxidizing agent. It is carcinogenic and highly toxic.

Potassium arsenate is made by reacting amounts of potassium hydroxide with arsenic acid. The amount of potassium hydroxide can be changed to make the different chemical formulas. Potassium arsenate was once used for medicine but is too toxic to be used now.


Clastic rock

Clastic rocks are composed of fragments, or clasts, of pre-existing rock.

Although, in principle, almost any rock made of eroded former rock is clastic (such as sandstone or mudstone), in practice the term is used for clasts of at least gravel size upwards. That means clasts are at least visible to the naked eye, and may be huge.

There are two types of clastic rock, by shape. conglomerates have rounded clasts, and breccias have jagged clasts.

In a clastic rock, the clasts are often of a different make-up from the ground rock or matrix.

Spandau Prison

Spandau Prison was a prison in the borough of Spandau in the British Sector of West Berlin.

The prison was built in 1876 and knocked down in 1987 after the death of its last prisoner, Rudolf Hess. This was to stop it from becoming a neo-Nazi shrine.

The prison was built in 1876. At first it was only used for soldiers but after 1919 it was also used for civilian inmates. It held up to 600 inmates at that time.

In the aftermath of the Reichstag Fire of 1933, opponents of Hitler and journalists such as Egon Kisch and Carl von Ossietzky were held there in so-called protective custody. Spandau Prison became a sort of predecessor of the Nazi concentration camps. It was supposed to be controlled by the Prussian Ministry of Justice but the Gestapo tortured and abused its inmates, as Egon Erwin Kisch recalls in his memories of Spandau Prison. By the end of 1933 the first Nazi concentration camps had been built (at Dachau, Osthofen, Oranienburg, Sonnenburg, Lichtenburg and the marshland camps around Esterwegen). All remaining prisoners in "protective custody" in state prisons were transferred to these concentration camps.

After World War II it was operated by the Four-Power Authorities to house the Nazi war criminals sentenced to imprisonment at the Nuremberg Trials.

Only seven prisoners were finally imprisoned there. Arriving from Nuremberg on 18 July 1947, they were: 

Of the seven, only four served all of their sentence; the remaining three, Neurath, Raeder, and Funk, were released early due to ill health. Between 1966 and 1987, Rudolf Hess was the only inmate in Spandau Prison. His only companion was the warden, Eugene K. Bird, who became a close friend. Bird wrote a book about Hess's imprisonment entitled "The Loneliest Man in the World".

Spandau was one of only two Four-Power organizations to continue to operate after the breakdown of the Allied Control Council; the other being the Berlin Air Safety Center. The four occupying powers of Berlin would alternate control of the prison on a monthly basis, each having the responsibility for a total of three months out of the year.

The prison was demolished in 1987, largely to prevent it from becoming a Neo-Nazi shrine, after the death of its final remaining prisoner, Rudolf Hess, who had been the prison's sole occupant after the release of Speer and von Schirach in 1966. The site was made into a car park and a NAAFI shopping centre, named "The Britannia Centre Spandau" and nicknamed "Hessco's" after a British supermarket chain called "TESCO". All materials from the demolished prison were ground to powder and dumped in the North Sea or buried at the former RAF Gatow.

In 2006 a Kaiser's Supermarket, ALDI and a Media Markt consumer electronics store occupied the former prison grounds. In late 2008, Media Markt left the main shopping complex.

The prison, first designed for a population in the hundreds, was an old brick building surrounded by one wall 15 feet high, another of 30 feet, a 10 foot high wall topped with electrified wire, followed by a wall of barbed wire. In addition, some of the sixty soldiers on guard duty manned nine machine-gun armed guard’s towers twenty-four hours a day. Due to the number of cells available, an empty cell was left between the prisoners' cells, to avoid the possibility of prisoners communicating in Morse Code. Other remaining cells in the wing were designated for other purposes, with one being used for the prison library and another for a chapel. The cells were approximately 3 metres long by 2.7 metres wide and 4 metres high.

The highlight of the prison, from the inmates' point of view, was the garden. The garden space was first divided into small personal plots that were used by each prisoner in many ways, usually for growing vegetables. Dönitz liked growing beans, Funk tomatoes, and Speer flowers, although the Soviet director later banned flowers for a time. By regulation, all of the produce was to be put toward use in the prison kitchen, but prisoners and guards alike often skirted this rule and indulged in the garden's offerings. As prison regulations slackened and as prisoners became either apathetic or too ill to maintain their plots, the garden was consolidated into one large workable area. This suited the former architect Speer, who, being one of the youngest and liveliest of the inmates, later took up the task of refashioning the entire plot of land into a large complex garden, complete with paths, rock gardens, and flower displays. On days without access to the garden, for instance when it was raining, the prisoners occupied their time making envelopes together in the main corridor.

The Allied powers originally took over the prison in November 1946, expecting it to accommodate a hundred or more war criminals. Besides the sixty or so soldiers on duty in or around the prison at any given time, there were teams of professional civilian warders from each of the four countries, four prison directors and their deputies, four army medical officers, cooks, translators, waiters, porters and others. This was thought to be the wrong way to use the money and resources, and became a serious point of contention among the prison directors, politicians from their respective countries. The West Berlin government was especially unhappy at the arrangements because it cost them a lot of money but they still had a lack of space in their own prison system.

Every part of life in the prison was strictly set out by a set of rules designed before the prisoners' arrival by the Four Powers — France, Britain, the Soviet Union, and the United States. Compared with other established prison regulations at the time, Spandau's rules were quite strict.

The prisoners' outgoing letters to families were at first limited to one page every month;
A lot of the stricter regulations were either later relaxed, or deliberately ignored by prison staff. The directors and guards of the Western powers (France, Britain, and the United States), often complained about many of the stricter measures. The complaints were often vetoed by the Soviet Union, because it thought the rules should be stricter. The Soviet Union suffered 19 million civilian deaths during the war, and wanted the death penalty for all of the prisoners at the International Military Tribunal in Nuremberg. Western commentators accused the Russians of keeping Spandau prison in operation chiefly as a centre for Soviet spying, as they had an excuse to drive into western Berlin, and the soldiers often looked out over the city instead of into the prison grounds.

Every day, prisoners had to wake up at 06:00 hours, wash, clean their cells and the corridor together, eat breakfast. They then stayed in the garden until lunch-time at noon (weather permitting), after lunch they rested in their cells, then returned to the garden. Supper followed at 17:00 hours, after which the prisoners were returned to their cells. Lights out was at 22:00 hours. Prisoners were given a shave and a haircut, if necessary, every Monday, Wednesday and Friday; they did their own laundry every Monday. This routine, except the time allowed in the garden, changed very little throughout the years, although each of the controlling nations made their own interpretation of the prison regulations.

All prisoners feared the months when the Soviets were in control; the Russians were much stricter in enforcing prison regulations and offered poorer quality meals. Each nation in charge would bring its own cook and, in the American, French, and British months, feed the prisoners better than regulations allowed. The Soviets would offer an unchanging diet of coffee, bread, soup, and potatoes. This rigidity was primarily due to the much-loathed Soviet director, who perpetually enforced these measures and whom Russian and Western guards alike feared and despised. Until this director's sudden removal in the early 1960s, the 'Soviet month' was dreaded. Afterwards, matters, including diet, were improved.

Conglomerate (geology)

A conglomerate is a rock consisting of individual clasts within a finer-grained matrix that have become cemented together.

Conglomerates are sedimentary rocks consisting of rounded fragments and are thus differentiated from breccias, which consist of angular clasts. Both conglomerates and breccias have clasts larger than sand (>2 mm).

Philip, Duke of Parma

Philip of Spain (15 March 1720 – 18 July 1765) was Duke of Parma from 1748 to 1765. He founded the Parma line of the House of Bourbon. He was a son in law of Louis XV. 

Born at the Royal Alcazar in Madrid, he was the fourth child and third son of Philip V of Spain and his wife, Elisabeth Farnese. He was raised in Madrid and as a child showed more interest in art than in politics. He was created Count of Chinchón, which he later ceded to his brother Louis in 1754.

His mother was the last of the Farnese, rulers the Duchy of Parma. The Duchy had been ruled between 1731 and 1736 by his elder brother Charles I, but exchanged with Austria for The Two Sicilies after the War of Polish Succession. Twelve years later, in the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748), Austria lost Parma, and Philip became the new Duke, founding the Bourbons of Parma.

As part of the Treaty of Versailles (1757) between Austria and France it was intended that Philip would become King of the Southern Netherlands, in a deal that would see French troops occupy key positions in the country – however this arrangement was repudiated by the subsequent Third Treaty of Versailles and Philip continued in Parma.

Parma was ruined by many years of warfare, and in 1759 Philip named the abled Frenchmen Guillaume du Tillot as his minister to restore the economy. He stimulated education and philosophy, attracting personalities like Étienne Bonnot de Condillac.

Philip died unexpectedly on 18 July 1765 in Alessandria, Italy, after having accompanied his daughter Maria Luisa on her way to Genoa, where she sailed for Spain to marry Infante Charles. Through Philip's daughter Maria Luisa, he is an ancestor of the Bourbons of Spain, the Bourbons of the Two Sicilies, and the House of Orléans.

Philip married Louise Élisabeth of France in Alcalá de Henares, Spain on 25 October 1739. She was the eldest daughter of Louis XV. They had three children. The marriage was the first between the French and Spanish Bourbons, the other taking place in 1745 between Louis, Dauphin of France and Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain.



Heligoland (album)

Heligoland is the fifth normal studio album from the collaborative British music production threesome Massive Attack, named after a German archipelago of the same name. It had been officially released everywhere except North America by 8 February 2010 (US and Canada on 9 February 2010) – seven years after the release of their last non-soundtrack, standalone studio album, "100th Window". It has been certified Gold in the United Kingdom.

The record has the singing of Horace Andy plus invited vocalists: Tunde Adebimpe of TV On The Radio, Damon Albarn of Blur and Gorillaz, Hope Sandoval of Hope Sandoval And The Warm Inventions and Mazzy Star, Guy Garvey of Elbow and Martina Topley-Bird, as well as guitar playing by Adrian Utley of Portishead (on "Saturday Come Slow"), keys from Portishead collaborator John Baggott (most notably on "Atlas Air"), keys and synth bass from Damon Albarn ("Splitting the Atom" and "Flat of the Blade" respectively), guitar (various tracks) and bass ("Girl I Love You") by Neil Davidge and bass by Billy Fuller of Beak on various tracks.

The record features drumming from the late Jerry Fuchs and regular session and touring drummer Damon Reece. Dan Brown and Stew Jackson (Robot Club) co-wrote "Paradise Circus", played guitar on and co-wrote "Saturday Come Slow", and part-programmed and engineered those tracks. Tim Goldsworthy added an additional production (specific tracks unstated). Most tracks were mixed with Mark "Spike" Stent and then all were mastered with Tim Young at Metropolis Studios, as with previous records. Unlike previous records, there are no personal acknowledgements on the inlay. Neil Davidge co-produced all tracks with Robert Del Naja only (except tracks 3, 7 and 9 where Grant Marshall was also involved), though Marshall has a co-write credit on every track. The album is dedicated to the "Blue Lines" co-producer, Jonny Dollar.

Arsenic sulfide

Arsenic sulfide can refer to either of these chemical substances:


Jacques Cousteau

Jacques-Yves Cousteau known as Jacques Cousteau (11 June 1910 – 25 June 1997) was a French naval officer, explorer, ecologist, filmmaker, innovator, scientist, photographer, author and researcher who studied the sea and all forms of life in water. He helped create the aqua-lung, helped marine conservation and was a member of the Académie française. He was also known as "le Commandant Cousteau" or "Captain Cousteau".

Cousteau was born on June 11,1910, in Saint-André-de-Cubzac, Gironde, to Daniel and Élisabeth Cousteau. He had one brother, Pierre-Antoine. Cousteau attended Collège Stanislas in Paris. In 1930, he entered the École navale and graduated as a gunnery officer. After an automobile accident cut short his career in naval aviation, Cousteau changed to studying the sea.

In Toulon, where he was serving on the "Condorcet", Cousteau carried out his first underwater experiments, thanks to his friend Philippe Tailliez who in 1936 lent him some Fernez underwater goggles. Cousteau also belonged to the information service of the French Navy, and was sent on missions to Shanghai and Japan (1935–1938) and in the USSR (1939).

On 12 July 1937 he married Simone Melchior (1919-1990), with whom he had two sons, Jean-Michel (born 1938) and Philippe (1940–1979). His sons took part in the adventures of the "Calypso". In 1991, after his wife Simone's death from cancer, he married Francine Triplet. They already had a daughter Diane Cousteau (born 1980) and a son Pierre-Yves Cousteau (born 1982), born during Cousteau's marriage to his first wife.

On the morning of 25 June 1997, Jacques-Yves Cousteau died at his home in Paris, aged 87 from a heart attack. Despite rumors, encouraged by some Islamic publications and websites, Cousteau did not convert to Islam, and when he died he was buried in a Roman Catholic Christian funeral. He was buried in the family vault at Saint-André-de-Cubzac in France. A street was named "rue du Commandant Cousteau" in a street which runs near his native house, where a commemorative plaque was affixed.

During his lifetime, Jacques-Yves Cousteau received these awards:


Orpiment

Orpiment is a mineral. Its chemical formula is AsS. It is an orange to yellow mineral. It has a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and a specific gravity of 3.46. It melts at 300°C and oxidizes to arsenic trioxide at higher temperatures. It is toxic because it gets a layer of arsenic trioxide on it by oxidation in the air.

Orpiment was used as a pigment because it was one of the only yellow pigments that they could find. It is used to remove hair from hides. 

Realgar

Realgar is a mineral. Its chemical formula is AsS. It is a soft (Mohs hardness 1.5 to 2) red mineral. It is an ore of arsenic. It changes into a yellow powder when exposed to light. This yellow powder is called pararealgar. It melts at 320°C and burns with a blue flame, making arsenic and sulfur fumes. It was used to make a white color in fireworks before powdered metals were used. It is still used in some crackling firecrackers. It was used as a red pigment and an item of trade. It is used as a medicine in China. Its uses are similar to orpiment, a similar mineral.

PepsiCo

PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack and beverage corporation headquartered in Harrison, New York, in the hamlet of Purchase. PepsiCo manufactures, marketing, and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages, and other products. PepsiCo was formed in 1965 with the merger of the Pepsi-Cola Company (not to be confused with the Coca-Cola Company) and Frito-Lay, Inc.

Creative destruction

Creative destruction (German: "schöpferische Zerstörung") is a term that came from Marxism. It talks about how wealth is gathered and lost under capitalism. The term was first used in Werner Sombart's "Krieg und Kapitalismus" ("War and Capitalism", 1913) These ideas were first discussed in books "The Communist Manifesto" (1848), in "Grundrisse" (1857) and "Volume IV" of "Das Kapital" (1863).

Creative destruction is supposed to describe a theory of how the "destruction" of economic order leads to capitalistic economic ideals. Sombart is credited for using it first in his 1913 book "Krieg und Kapitalismus". The works and publications of Marxists such as Karl Marx himself, and Friedrich Engels, a socialist scientist, discuss the ideas of creative destruction.

In and after the 1950s, the term became associated with Austrian-American economist Joseph Schumpeter. Schumpeter is credited for making the theory popular. However, his idea of creative destruction was quite different from Marx's original theory. The term gained popularity within neoliberal or free-market economics where it is used to described processes such as downsizing. The original Marxist usage has, however, been maintained in the work of influential social scientists such as David Harvey, Marshall Berman, and Manuel Castells.

Bill Nye

William Sanford Nye (born November 27, 1955), often known as Bill Nye the Science Guy, is an American actor, comedian, engineer, and educator. He is most known for hosting the children’s TV show "Bill Nye the Science Guy". Nye is also the CEO of The Planetary Society. Nye was born in Washington, D.C. and went to school at Cornell University. Early in his life, Nye worked as an engineer for Boeing in Seattle. He also was a member of the Seattle comedy troupe "Almost Live!". He hosted "Bill Nye the Science Guy" from 1993 to 1997. Since then, he has hosted several TV shows and specials concerned with science and the environment. He also designed the sundial on the Mars Rover. Nye currently lives in the San Fernando Valley.

The Coca-Cola Company

The Coca-Cola Company is a publicly-traded (sold on the stock market) company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. Its stock symbol is KO. It is on the Dow Jones Industrial Average and makes up a large portion of the holdings of Berkshire Hathaway.

The company is most known for making the drink Coca-Cola, the most drank soft drink in the world. It also makes other soft drinks, including:

The company offers 500 different brands and sells more than a billion drinks each day. Most of this is sold in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, China, Japan and the UK.

Besides soft drinks, the company also makes Minute Maid and Odwalla fruit juices, Powerade, and Dasani bottled water. At one time, the company owned Columbia Pictures, but they are now owned by Sony and also Rockstar energy drink now owned by PepsiCo.

Aerosol

An aerosol is a suspension of fine solid particles or liquid droplets in a gas. Examples are smoke, oceanic haze, air pollution, smog and CS gas. When they say "aerosol" most people mean an aerosol spray can or the spray it makes. 

To differentiate suspensions from true solutions, the term sol evolved—originally meant to cover dispersions of tiny (sub-microscopic) particles in a liquid. With studies of dispersions in air, the term aerosol evolved and now embraces both liquid droplets, solid particles, and combinations of these.

Muslim Brotherhood

The "Al Ikhwan el Muslimeen", 
the Society of the Muslim Brothers, often called the Muslim Brotherhood, or The Brotherhood, is an Islamist movement. Today, it exists in many states and often is one of the largest political opposition groups. The group is the world's oldest and largest Islamic political group, and the "world's most influential Islamist movement". Hassan al-Banna founded the group in Egypt in 1928.

The Brotherhood's stated goal is to instill the Qur'an and Sunnah as the "sole reference point for ... ordering the life of the Muslim family, individual, community ... and state". Since it was created, in 1928 the movement has officially opposed violent means to achieve its goals, with some exceptions such as in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict or to overthrow secular Ba'athist rule in Syria (see Hama massacre). This position has been questioned, particularly by the Egyptian government, which accused the group of a campaign of killings in Egypt after World War II.

The Muslim Brotherhood is banned in Egypt. People have been arrested because they participated in the group. To circumvent this ban, supporters of the group often run for office as independent candidates.

Outside Egypt, the group's political activity is more traditional and conservative. Inside Egypt, the group is modernist and wants reforms to happen. 
In Kuwait, for example, the Muslim Brotherhood says that women should not have a right to vote in elections. The Brotherhood condemned terrorism and the 9/11 attacks. Whether the group has ties to terrorist organisations is disputed. 

The question whether and how to use violence has also led to disputes inside the movement. At times, those in favour of using violence split from the main group and created their own groups. Examples of such groups are Al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya (The Islamic Group) and Al Takfir Wal Hijra (Excommunication and Migration).

Among the Brotherhood's more influential members was Sayyid Qutb. Qutb was the author of one of Islamism's most important books, "Milestones". The book called for the restoration of Islam by re-establishing the Sharia and by using "physical power and Jihad for abolishing the organizations and authorities of the Jahili system. Qutb believed these included the entire Muslim world. The book also reveals that Qutb no longer held the Brotherhood's ideas and that he was closer to the ideas of Hizb ut-Tahrir, which is concluded in the introduction and dedication of the book" While studying at university, Osama bin Laden claimed to have been influenced by the religious and political ideas of several professors with strong ties to the Muslim Brotherhood including both Sayyid Qutb and his brother Muhammad Qutb. However, once Al Qaeda was fully organized, they denounced the Muslim Brotherhood's reform through nonviolence and accused them of "betraying the cause of Islam and abandoning their 'jihad' in favour of forming political parties and supporting modern state institutions".

The Brotherhood is financed by contributions from its members, who are required to allocate a part of their income to the movement. Some of these contributions are from members who live in oil-rich countries.

Egyptian Islamic Jihad

Egyptian Islamic Jihad (EIJ), originally called al-Jihad, is an Egyptian terrorist group based on an extreme interpretation of Islam. It has been active since the late 1970s. It is under worldwide embargo by the United Nations as a group linked to al-Qaeda. It is also banned by several governments around the world, including that of the Russian Federation. 

Since 1991 it has been led by Ayman al-Zawahiri, who is now the leader of al-Qaeda. According to Zawahiri, the EIJ was "different from the Takfir wal Hijra group as we do not consider people infidels because of their sins. And we are different from the Muslim Brotherhood because sometimes they do not oppose the government".

The organization's original main goal was to overthrow the Egyptian government and replace it with an Islamic state based on the way it thought Islam should be. Later it broadened its aims to include attacking the United States and Israel, and other interests in Egypt and abroad.

Islamic Jihad was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981. Sadat's Sinai treaty with Israel, which recognized the Jewish state, made them very angry.

In June 2001, Al Qaeda and Egyptian Islamic Jihad, which had been associated with each other for many years, merged into 'Qaeda al-Jihad'.

Joe Hall

Joseph Henry "Bad Joe" Hall (May 3, 1881 – April 5, 1919) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Hall played senior and professional hockey from 1902 to 1919, when he died as a result of the influenza epidemic of 1918. He won the Stanley Cup twice with the Quebec Bulldogs and once with the Kenora Thistles.

Hall was born in Staffordshire, England, United Kingdom and grew up in Brandon, Manitoba. Nicknamed "Bad Joe" for his aggressiveness on the ice, he played in the Manitoba Hockey Association with the Brandon Wheat Kings, Winnipeg Rowing Club and the Kenora Thistles, and in the National Hockey Association as a member of the Quebec Bulldogs. He played for the Montreal Canadiens in their first two seasons in the National Hockey League from 1917-1919.

Hall won the Stanley Cup with the Kenora Thistles in 1907, for which he received a "loving cup" which is on display in the Hockey Hall of Fame. He won the Cup with the Quebec Bulldogs in 1912 and 1913. He also challenged for the Stanley Cup in 1904 with the Winnipeg Rowing Club.

In 1919, Hall was part of the Montreal Canadiens team that made it to the Stanley Cup Finals. The Finals were interrupted and eventually cancelled due to an outbreak of Spanish influenza. The flu was contracted by several players on both the Canadiens and their opponents, the Seattle Metropolitans. Hall would eventually succumb to pneumonia, related to his influenza, in a hospital in Seattle, Washington just four days after the Stanley Cup Final series was abandoned.

He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1961.




Glen Hanlon

Glen A. Hanlon (; born February 20, 1957 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired National Hockey League (NHL) goaltender and a former head coach of the Washington Capitals of the NHL, Dynamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL), and the Belarusian national ice hockey team. He was a goaltender scout for the Vancouver Canucks. On March 24, 2010 he was named head coach of Slovak national ice hockey team.



Shane Johnson

Shane Johnson (born January 1, 1974 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired Canadian-born British ice hockey defenceman.

Johnson spent four seasons at Boston University before spending a year with the Canadian National Ice Hockey Team. In 1998, Johnson moved to the United Kingdom's British Ice Hockey Superleague with the London Knights. He then moved to the Bracknell Bees and won the Superleague title with the team. Johnson then moved to the Belfast Giants in 2000 and became a huge fan favourite during a six-year spell which saw him win another Superleague title in 2002, the playoff cup in 2003 and the Elite League title in 2006 as well as becoming an all-star. In 2006, Johnson moved to the Sheffield Steelers, but midway through the season, Johnson signed with the Slough Jets. In 2007, Johnson returned to Sheffield for a brief spell and had another brief spell with the Cardiff Devils before he rejoined the Giants. Johnson retired at the end of the 2009-2010 season. Johnson also played for the Great Britain national ice hockey team and is now a British citizen.

Minute Maid

Minute Maid is an American drink company. It is owned by The Coca-Cola Company. Minute Maid makes juices, lemonade and other soft drinks. Minute Maid was the first company to make orange juice from concentrate. It makes an orange drink called 'Minute Maid Pulpy'. It contains juice with a large amount of orange pulp. Now 'Minute Maid Pulpy' comes in four variants, orange, tropical, o'mango (orange mango) and lemon. Now 'Minute Maid Pulpy Aloe Vera' contains juice with a lot of aloe vera pieces. It came in white grape.

Ed Johnstone

Edward Lavern "Eddie" Johnstone (born March 2, 1954) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played for the New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Johnstone played major junior with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League from 1971 to 1974. After two 100 point seasons in a row with Medicine Hat, Johnstone was drafted 104th overall by the New York Rangers in the 1974 NHL Amateur Draft, and 78th overall by the Michigan Stags in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft. He played 23 games for the Stags in 1974–75 and played in the American Hockey League for the Providence Reds. Johnstone started his National Hockey League career in 1975–76, scoring 3 points in 10 games. Johnstone played for the Rangers until the end of the 1982–83 season, before being traded to the Detroit Red Wings along with Ron Duguay and Eddie Mio for Mike Blaisdell, Willie Huber, and Mark Osborne. He played for the Red Wings and their AHL minor league affiliate, the Adirondack Red Wings before retiring in 1987.


No Protection

No Protection is the name of a dub remix of Massive Attack's second album "Protection". The remix was done by the British dub producer Mad Professor. Mad Professor was contacted by Massive Attack after "Protection" was released to remix a song for a single. After the single was remixed, the band asked Mad Professor to listen to more of the album to find the possibility of more remixes. The project then became a track by track remix of almost the entire album. Mad Professor heavily edited the original material to form a slow, pulsating mix in which the beat is emphasized, reverb is extensively used and the occasional vocals (many of the tracks are almost entirely instrumental) fade in-and-out in normal dub fashion, making a hypnotic, if hi

nice

repetitive, mix. The result is, on paper, more textured than the original, but loses any sense of the jazzy feel of "Protection".




Bauhaus (band)

Bauhaus were an English gothic rock band formed in Northampton in March 1978. The group was of Peter Murphy (vocals), Daniel Ash (guitar), Kevin Haskins (drums) and David J (bass). The band was originally Bauhaus 1919 before they dropped the number part of their name within a year of formation. With their dark and gloomy sound and image, Bauhaus are generally known the first gothic rock group.

Bauhaus first broke up in 1983. Peter Murphy began a solo career while the other members continued as Tones on Tail and, later, Love and Rockets. Both enjoyed greater commercial success in the United States than Bauhaus had, but disappeared from the charts in their homeland. The band reunited for a 1998 tour and on a more permanent basis in 2005. The group announced plans to break up again following the release of their final album, "Go Away White", in 2008.

Fear of the Dark (Iron Maiden album)

Fear of the Dark is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 11 May 1992. It was the most popular album in the United Kingdom when it started being sold.

The album got mixed reviews. One person who reviewed it said that it was a "return to form," but had too many songs that were boring on it.


Louise Élisabeth of France

Louise Élisabeth de France (Marie Louise Élisabeth; 14 August 1727 – 6 December 1759) was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and Maria Leszczyńska. She married Infante Philip, younger son of Philip V of Spain, and later became "Duchess of Parma". 

Baptised with the names Marie Louise Élisabeth she was the twin of Henriette of France. She was known at court as "Madame Royale", "Madame Première" or "Madame Élisabeth". Within the family she was known "Babette". She was he fathers favourite daughter.

She was forced to marry Infante Philip of Spain by proxy on 26 August 1739. not having met her future husband beforehand. Afterwards, she was known as "Madame Infante" at the court of Louis XV. The marriage ceremony took place on 25 October 1739. She was known as "Madame Infante" at Versailles after her marriage. 

Louise Élisabeth travelled to Madrid to the court of Philip V of Spain who was in fact her great uncle. The strict court etiquette was made worse by her mother-in-law, Elisabeth Farnese, who disliked Louise Élisabeth. 

Louise Élisabeth was able to leave Spain in 1748 when her husband was created Duke of Parma thanks to the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748) which ended the War of the Austrian Succession. At Louis XV's instigation, Philip was given Parma as Louise Élisabeth had frequently asked him to bestow territory on her husband. En route to Parma, Louise Élisabeth went to Versailles arriving there in December 1748. During her stay she became acquainted with Madame de Pompadour. She arrived in Parma in October 1749 where she imported French court manners and "cuisine". She also redecorated the Ducal Palace of Colorno in the French style. 

At the death of her twin sister in 1752, Louise Élisabeth returned to France in September to visit her tomb at Saint-Denis. She was expected to stay for only a few weeks, but remained in Versailles for almost a year. 

Louise Élisabeth was bored when she returned to Parma, and sought a wider realm to rule. She allied herself with Empress Maria Theresa, who promised Louise Élisabeth the throne of the Southern Netherlands, which had been returned to Austrian rule under the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle. This alliance was to be cemented by the marriage of her daughter Princess Isabella to Archduke Joseph of Austria. The marriage took place in 1760.

While back at Versailles, Louise Élisabeth died of smallpox. She was buried on 27 March 1760 at Saint-Denis Basilica beside her sister, Henriette. Their tombs were destroyed during the French Revolution.



Gord Lane

Gordon Thomas Lawrence Lane (born March 31, 1953 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman. 


Maria Josepha of Saxony, Dauphine of France

Maria Josepha of Saxony (Maria Josepha Karolina Eleonore Franziska Xaveria; 4 November 1731 – 13 March 1767) was a Dauphine of France and daughter-in-law of Louis XV. Marie Josèphe was the mother of three kings of France, including the doomed Louis XVI, who died under the guillotine during the French Revolution. Her youngest daughter, Madame Élisabeth, also was beheaded during the Revolution.

Maria Josepha was born at Dresden Castle to Augustus III of Poland. She was named after her mother Maria Josepha of Austria. Her mother was a first cousin of Maria Theresa of Austria. Maria Josepha was the eighth of fifteen children and the fourth daughter. Her oldest sister Maria Amalia had married the future Charles III of Spain. 

She was married to the Dauphin of France on 9 February 1747, Maria Josepha of Saxony married Louis of France. The dauphin had been married to Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain who had died in childbirth in 1746. In France the Saxon princess was known as "Marie-Josèphe de Saxe". The dauphin mourned the death of his first wife but would eventually fall in love with Marie Josèphe. Like her husband, Marie Josèphe was very devout. She was the mother of some eight children, her favourite being Louis, Duke of Burgundy who died young. Politically reserved, she exerted herself only once, in 1762, in vain, for the preservation of the Society of Jesus in France. The Society had been dissolved by the King on the initiative of the duc de Choiseul and Madame de Pompadour.

The death of her husband, in December 1765, she sank into a deep depression for the rest of her life. Her health declined and she died on 13 March 1767 of tuberculosis and was buried at Sens Cathedral and her heart was taken to the Basilica of Saint Denis.


Maria Josepha also had a stillborn son in 1748 and again in 1749. A stillborn daughter in 1752; Stillborn son in 1756. She also miscarried a son in 1762.


Rob McVicar

Robert McVicar (born January 15, 1982 in Hay River, Northwest Territories) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender with one game of NHL experience.

McVicar grew up in Brandon, Manitoba, where he played junior hockey for the Brandon Wheat Kings of the WHL for the four seasons 1999-2000 to 2002-2003. He was the 151st overall pick of the Canucks in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. For most of three seasons, from 2003-2004 to 2005-2006, McVicar played in the AHL for the Manitoba Moose; with the exception of 19 games played in the ECHL with the Columbia Inferno during the 2003-2004 season; 33 games played in the ECHL with the Victoria Salmon Kings during the 2005-2006 season; and one game played in the NHL with the Vancouver Canucks during the 2005-2006 season. In McVicar's only NHL appearance, on December 1, 2005 against the Edmonton Oilers, he played 3 minutes without facing a shot.

During the 2006-2007 season he played in the ECHL with the Utah Grizzlies, and during the 2007-2008 season he played in the CHL with the Arizona Sundogs. He signed with TOTEMPO HvIK for the 2008-2009 season.

On February 2, 2009 McVicar joined the Hamburg Freezers. His contract was confirmed after bankruptcy from Totempo.

Przemysł II

Przemysł II (also given in English and Latin as "Premyslas" or "Premislaus", or less properly "") (14 October 1257 – 8 February 1296) was the Duke of Poznań, Greater Poland, Kraków and Pomerania, and then King of Poland from 1295 until his death.

Henry IV Probus

Henry IV Probus (Latin for "the Righteous") (; ) (c. 1258 – 23 June 1290) was a Duke of the Silesian territory of Wrocław (Lower Silesia) starting in 1266, and starting in 1288 High Duke of the Seniorate Province of Kraków until his death in 1290.

He was the only son of Henry III the White, Duke of Wrocław, by his first wife Judith, daughter of Duke Konrad I of Masovia.

Wojciech Jaruzelski

Wojciech Witold Jaruzelski (6 July 1923 - 25 May 2014) was a Polish military officer and politician. He was leader from 1981-1989 and the first President of Poland from July 1989 to December 1990. 

Jaruzelski came from a family of Polish gentry. He was a son of Władysław Jaruzelski. 

Selected by the Soviets for officer training in 1943, he served in the military working for Stalin,from 1943-1953 and Beria,Malenkov,and,Molotov,in 1953 and,Khrushchev,from 1955-1964,and Brezhnev,from 1964-1982,Andropov,from 1982-1984 and,Chernenko,from 1984-1985 and Gorbachev,from 1985 until 1989 . In total he worked for 46 year’s from 1943-1989 . He was the last commander-in-chief of the Polish People's Army (Ludowe Wojsko Polskie) and chairman of the Polish United Workers Party 1981-1989. Jaruzelski was the Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland from 1981-1985 and remained as head of state until 1990 as Poland's last communist leader. He resigned to allow for democratic elections.

In 1981, Jaruzelski ordered a brutal crackdown on people who did not agree with the Communist government of Poland. Jaruzelski imposed martial law in Poland on 13 December 1981 to stop pro-democracy movements including Solidarity, the first non-Communist trade union in the Warsaw Pact.

In 2005, Jaruzelski said he was happy that Poland joined NATO for reasons of security and the European Union for reasons of economic development.

Jaruzelski died on 25 May 2014, in a Warsaw hospital after having a stroke earlier that month.


Cadmium chloride

Cadmium chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdCl. It has cadmium and chloride ions in it. The cadmium is in its +2 oxidation state.

Cadmium chloride is a colorless solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is toxic and carcinogenic (causes cancer). It is mostly ionic but a little covalent. It reacts with bases to make cadmium oxide.

Cadmium chloride is made by reacting cadmium oxide, cadmium, or cadmium carbonate with hydrochloric acid. It can also be made by mixing cadmium and chlorine.

It is used to make yellow cadmium sulfide, which is used as a pigment. It is also used to make organocadmium compounds. It is also used for electroplating.


Chościsko

Chościsko – according to Gallus Anonymus it is the name of father of Piast Kołodziej, the founder of the Piast Dynasty. His name (originating possibly from Old Polish word for a tail "chost/chwost") appears in the Chronicle of Gall of Anonym three times. It is likely that the name in in fact a title of prince Popiel due to his long hair.

Cadmium sulfate

Cadmium sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdSO. It is made of cadmium and sulfate ions. The cadmium is in its +2 oxidation state.

Cadmium sulfate is a white solid. It easily dissolves in water. It is toxic and carcinogenic. 

Cadmium sulfate is made by dissolving cadmium carbonate, cadmium oxide, or cadmium metal in sulfuric acid. 

Cadmium sulfate is used to electroplate cadmium on electronic circuits. It is also used to make cadmium sulfide, a pigment. It is used as an electrolyte in a certain battery used to make voltmeters accurate.


Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia

Charles Emmanuel IV (Carlo Emanuele Ferdinando Maria; 24 May 1751 – 6 October 1819) was King of Sardinia from 1796 to 1802. He abdicated in favour of his brother Victor Emmanuel I. He was the brother-in-law of Louis XVI, Louis XVIII and Charles X of France.

"Carlo Emanuele" was born at the Royal Palace of Turin, the eldest son of Victor Amadeus, "Duke of Savoy" and Maria Antonia of Spain. From his birth till his succession he was styled "Prince of Piedmont". He was named after his grandfather Charles Emmanuel III and baptised "Carlo Emanuele Ferdinando Maria". 

In 1775 Charles Emmanuel married Marie Clotilde of France, the daughter of Louis, Dauphin of France and Marie Josèphe of Saxony, and sister of Louis XVI. Although the union was arranged for political reasons, Charles Emmanuel and his wife became devoted to each other. Their attempts to have children, however, were unsuccessful.

He became king at the death of his father on 14 October 1796. In December 1798, the French occupied Turin and forced Charles Emmanuel to abdicate all his territories on the Italian mainland and to withdraw to the island of Sardinia. The following year he tried unsuccessfully to regain Piedmont. He and his wife lived in Rome and in Naples as guests of the rich Colonna family. 

On 7 March 1802 Charles Emmanuel's wife Marie Clothilde died. He was so moved by her death that he decided to abdicate on 4 June 1802 in favour of his brother Victor Emmanuel. Charles Emmanuel retained the personal title of King. 
He died at the Palazzo Colonna in Rome and was buried in the Church of Sant'Andrea al Quirinale.


Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia

Victor Emmanuel I ("Vittorio Emanuele"; 24 July 1759–10 January 1824) was King of Sardinia from 1802 to 1821. 

Born at the Royal Palace of Turin, he was the second son of King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia and Maria Antonia of Spain. From birth he was known as the Duke of Aosta. His older brother Charles Emmanuel IV abdicated in 1802 and Victor Emmanuel succeeded him. He ruled Sardinia from Cagliari for the next twelve years as the mainland Kingdom of Sardinia had been captured by the French. 

Victor Emmanuel returned to Turin only in 1814, his realm reconstituted by the Congress of Vienna with the addition of the territories of the former Republic of Genoa. After the outbreak of the liberal revolution in his lands in 1821, he abdicated in favor of his brother, Charles Felix. Victor Emmanuel died in the Castle of Moncalieri. He is buried in the Basilica of Superga.

On 21 April 1789, he married Archduchess Maria Teresa of Austria-Este, daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Modena.



Robert Baden-Powell

Robert Stephenson Smyth Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell, OM, GCMG, GCVO, KCB (22 February 1857 – 8 January 1941) was an English army officer most known for starting the . He was born in Paddington, in the West End of London and went to British public schools before joining the army. Baden-Powell served in South Africa during the Anglo-Ashanti and Boer Wars, and also served in Malta. Baden-Powell's most notable service was at the Siege of Mafeking. For that, he became a major general, and later a lieutenant general, which he was until 1910. In 1907, he founded the Boy Scouts, and wrote the first "Handbook for Boys". He also started the Woodbadge program, which is based on Scoutcraft and things he learned from the Zulus. He also spied in Germany, Austria and Russia. 

Domino's Pizza

Domino's Pizza is a pizza delivery company founded in the United States. It is the biggest pizza company in the United States. They are now a world-wide company with 17,100 stores in more than 90 countries. "Domino's" menu has pizza, pasta, oven-baked sandwiches, chicken wings, boneless chicken, salads, breadsticks, cheesesticks, and a variety of desserts. 

"Domino's" also operates in the United Kingdom and is one of the most popular pizza restaurant chains in Britain. In 2020, "Domino's" closed all 55 of their restaurants in South Africa.


Gaara

Gaara is a character in the manga and anime Naruto. He is known as Gaara of the Sand in the Viz translation, and Sabaku no Gaara (Gaara of the Desert) in the original Japanese. Initially he was a bad guy and Naruto's rival. After a while the two develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends.

Muyeol of Silla

Taejong Muyeol of Silla (, 602 June 661) was the 29th king of Silla. He was named Kim Chun-chu.

He was the grandson of King Jinji. He went to Goguryeo, asking for help to destroy Baekje.

After he went to Tang for help in destroying Baekje and Goguryeo so that the Three Kingdoms could become one kingdom. In 660 he led the military with Kim Yu-sin to fight against Baekje. They won the fight, but he died that year.



661

661 was a common year.



Antiseptic

An antiseptic is a substance that is applied to lesions or wounds of the skin to kill germs. This helps prevent the wound becoming infected.

Commonly used antiseptics include alcohol, iodine and mercury compounds. Antiseptics are different from antibiotics. Antiseptics can only be used on the skin, antibiotics can also be used internally, through the blood and lymphatic systems. They are also different from disinfectants: Disinfectants are used on non-living objects only, because they are dangerous to the living.

Gwanggaeto the Great

Gwanggaeto the Great (, 374 - 413) was an ancient Korean monarch. He was the 19th King of Goguryeo and reigned from 393 to 413 CE. During his reign the Goguryeo territory widened with the conquests of Suksin, Mohe, Khitan, Buyeo. His era name was "Yeongnak" ().

King Gwanggaeto died from a sickness in the year 413.


Ayman al-Zawahiri

Ayman Mohammed Rabie al-Zawahiri (June 19, 1951 – July 31, 2022) was an Egyptian terrorist. He was the leader of the militant Islamist organization al-Qaeda. Ayman al-Zawahiri was member of Islamist organizations which have organised and carried out attacks in North America, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. In 2012 he called on fellow Muslims to kidnap western tourists in Muslim countries.

Since the September 11 attacks until his death, U.S. State Department offered a US$25 million reward for information leading to al-Zawahiri's arrest. He was under worldwide sanctions by the United Nations Security Council 1267 Committee as a member or affiliate of al-Qaeda. In 1998 ayman made a religious law with 3 other scholars to kill all of the americans and all of their allies (turks, indians etc.). Ayman also asked to attack american and ally millitary base.

Al-Zawahiri studied medicine in Cairo. He successfully completed his studies in 1974. He worked as a surgeon for three years in the Egyptian army. After that, he worked in a hospital in Cairo. In 1980 and 1981, al-Zawahiri travelled to Pakistan to help the Red Crescent movement.

Al-Zawahiri is the author of several works, including numerous al-Qaeda statements. He spoke Arabic, English, and French.

Al-Zawahiri was killed on July 31, 2022 shortly after 6:00 AM local time (9:00 PM Eastern Time), in an early-morning drone strike by the Central Intelligence Agency. Since this was a specialized attack, there were no other casualties except al-Zawahiri. Zawahiri was living in a friend's house in Kabul, Afghanistan, which was where the drone struck. He was 71 years old.

Cadmium oxide

Cadmium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdO. It has cadmium and oxide ions in it.

Cadmium oxide can be a colorless powder, brown powder, or red-brown crystals. All forms dissolve in acid. It is carcinogenic. Breathing the dust is harmful. It is similar in some ways to zinc oxide.

Cadmium oxide is made by burning cadmium in air or reacting an alkali with any soluble cadmium salt.

Cadmium oxide is used in electronics as a transparent conductor. It is also used to make pigments (cadmium sulfide), kill nematodes, make nickel cadmium batteries, and electroplating cadmium.


Cadmium bromide

Cadmium bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdBr. It has cadmium and bromide ions in it. The cadmium is in its +2 oxidation state.

Cadmium bromide is a very pale yellow solid. It easily dissolves in water. It is quite toxic.

Cadmium bromide is made by reacting cadmium with bromine or by reacting cadmium or its oxide with hydrobromic acid and evaporating the solution in helium.

It is used in photography and engraving.


Mercury bromide

Mercury bromide can refer to either of these mercury bromides:


Cadmium fluoride

Cadmium fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdF. It has cadmium and fluoride ions in it.

Cadmium fluoride is a gray solid. It does not dissolve in water very well. It is toxic.

It is made by reacting cadmium with hydrogen fluoride, hydrofluoric acid, or fluorine. 

Cadmium fluoride is used in organic chemistry, as well as in medicine for fluoride treatment.


Cadmium iodide

Cadmium iodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdI. It has cadmium and iodide ions in it. 

Cadmium iodide is a white or pale yellow solid. It is known for its crystal structure. Many other chemical compounds have a cadmium iodide crystal structure. It easily dissolves in water. It is toxic.

It is made by reacting cadmium with iodine. It can also be made by reacting cadmium, or cadmium oxide with hydriodic acid.

Cadmium iodide is used to make phosphors (things that light when struck by UV light), photography, and electroplating.


Cadmium sulfide

Cadmium sulfide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdS. It has cadmium and sulfide ions in it.

Cadmium sulfide is a yellow orange solid. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make hydrogen sulfide and cadmium chloride. It is used in an odd reaction where cadmium sulfide is sprinkled into a sulfide solution and light is shined on it. It starts making small amounts of hydrogen gas. 

Cadmium sulfide is only found in two rare minerals. It is normally made artificially.

Cadmium sulfide is made several different ways. Cadmium salts, normally the sulfate or the chloride (cadmium chloride), are reacted with hydrogen sulfide to make a bright yellow cadmium sulfide solid. When it is made for pigment, the cadmium sulfide is then washed, heated (to change it into the right form), and ground to a powder. It is then mixed with paint.

Cadmium sulfide is used as a yellow pigment. Cadmium yellow is the name of the pigment. If selenide is added during the roasting process (seen above in "preparation" section), it can make an orange or a yellow pigment. Cadmium sulfide is a good pigment because it does not break down easily, is very bright, and does not react with air like other pigments can. It is toxic, though. 

It is also used in photoresistors that are sensitive to infrared and red light. Cadmium sulfide is found around some bacteria that reduce sulfate to sulfide.


Kim Yu-sin

Kim Yu-Sin (김유신, 金庾信, 595 – July 673) was a general and politician of the Silla Kingdom in ancient Korea. He belonged to the royal family of Gaya, and served as a soldier of Silla. He conquered the kingdoms of Goguryeo and Baekje. After his death, he was given the title of Heungmu the Great (흥무대왕).


One Sweet Day

"One Sweet Day" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey and American R&B boy band Boyz II Men. The song was released on November 14, 1995, as the second single from the former's fifth studio album, "Daydream" (1995) by Columbia Records. The artists co-wrote the song with Walter Afanasieff, who co-produced it with Carey. Lyrically, the song speaks about the death of a loved one and misses them, and finally about seeing the person in heaven. The artists wrote the song about specific people in their lives, being inspired by sufferers of the AIDS epidemic, which was a topic at the time.

The music video for "One Sweet Day" was filmed in February 1995, and features snippets of Carey and Boyz II Men in the studio and recording the song. The busy schedule of both Carey and Boyz II Men did not allow time for them to shoot a proper video.

"One Sweet Day" debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart dated December 2, 1995, with sales of 204,000 units. Columbia distributed free copies to stores, where it was sold for as low as 49 cents. It became Carey's tenth number one single on the "Billboard" chart and Boyz II Men's fourth number one. he song remained at the peak for a record-breaking 16 consecutive weeks, from December 2, 1995, to March 16, 1996. It became a record for being the only song to stay at number one on the chart for 16 weeks until 2017, when the record was tied by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's "Despacito", featuring Justin Bieber. The record would remain until Lil Nas X's "Old Town Road", featuring Billy Ray Cyrus, broke the record in 2019, spending nineteen weeks on top the "Billboard" Hot 100. It still remains the only number one debut to spend sixteen continual weeks at number one. 





Credits adapted from the "Daydream" liner notes.



Confuciusornis

Confuciusornis is a genus of primitive crow-sized birds from the Lower Cretaceous. It was found in the Yixian and Jiufotang Formations of China, dating from 125 to 120 million years ago. The bird was named after the Chinese moral philosopher Confucius (551–479 BC).

Like modern birds, "Confuciusornis" had a toothless beak, but close relatives of modern birds such as "Hesperornis" and "Ichthyornis" were toothed. This shows that the loss of teeth occurred more than once, in "Confuciusornis" and in ancestors of modern birds. This is an example of convergent evolution.

"Confuciusornis" is the oldest known bird to have a beak. It is also the first known bird to have lost the long tail of "Archaeopteryx" and develop fused tail vertebrae (a pygostyle).

"Confuciusornis" is one of the most abundant vertebrates found in the Yixian Formation, and "several hundred" complete, articulated specimens have been found.

The proportions of the toes suggest that they were used for both walking and perching, while the large claws of the thumb and third finger were probably used for climbing. The head probably had a small crest or tuft.

The orientation of the shoulder joint was sideways, instead of angled upward as in modern birds; this means that "Confuciusornis" was unable to lift its wings above its back. Like "Archaeopteryx", it was thus incapable of the upstroke required for flapping flight. This conclusion is not established at present. Peters sees "Confuciusornis" as capable of flapping flight but specialising in soaring flight. The bird's weight has also been debated. 

An argument from Gregory Paul noted that "Confuciusornis" is commonly found as large groups in lake bottom sediments with little to no evidence of the bodies being moved after death. It would be highly unusual for gliding animals to be found in such large numbers in deep water. Rather, this evidence suggests that "Confuciusornis" traveled in large flocks over the lake surfaces, a habitat consistent with a flying animal.

In early 2010, a group of scientists led by Zhang Fucheng examined fossils with preserved melanosomes (organelles which contain colour pigments). By studying the fossils with an electron microscope, they found melanosomes preserved in a fossil "Confuciusornis" specimen.
The melanosomes where of two types, which indicates that "Confuciusornis" had hues of grey, red/brown and black, possibly something like the modern zebra finch.

Diplocaulus

Diplocaulus (meaning "double stalk") was an early amphibian, now extinct. It had a boomerang-shaped head formed by two long bones at the back of the head. It had four short legs, and a short, flattened tail. It was about 3 feet (1 m) long. 


The Communist Manifesto

The Manifesto of the Communist Party (German: "Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei"), more commonly known as The Communist Manifesto, is a short book. It was written by the German Marxist-Engelist political theorists Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels in 1848. The book was originally written in the German language. Since it was first published, it became one of the world's most influential and controversial political manuscripts, and has been translated into many languages. The book is about analyzing approaches to class struggles (from both the past and present), and problems with capitalism.

The book does not talk about or predict how communism would be in the future. It is a mixture of both Marx and Engels' theories and opinions on society and politics. It also has their written ideas of how the capitalist society of their time would be replaced by dictatorship of the proletariat, and after that, communism. Especially by the abolition of private property and child labour and by making means of production common, strong progressive income tax and free education for all.

The manuscript of the book is registered in the Memory of the World Programme together with the volume I of "The Capital" by Karl Marx in June 2013.

Werner Sombart

Werner Sombart (January 19, 1863–May 18, 1941) was a German economist and sociologist and was an important social scientist to Europe during the early 20th century.

Sombart was born in Ermsleben, Harz. He was the son of Anton Ludwig Sombart, a rich liberal politician, industrialist. 
Werner studied at the universities in Pisa, Berlin, and Rome, learning both law and economics. In 1888, he received his Ph.D. from Berlin.

Midnight (Hunter novel)

Midnight is a teen fantasy novel, the first book in the second "Warriors" series: "Warriors: The New Prophecy", written by Erin Hunter. It was released on 10 May 2005. The novel focuses on a group of feral cats living in four groups called Clans: ThunderClan, RiverClan, WindClan, and ShadowClan. The cats of these Clans call themselves warriors.

Bramblepaw, son of the evil Tigerstar, has received his warrior name, Brambleclaw. Firestar, leader of ThunderClan and main character of the previous "Warriors" series, has had two kits with his mate, Sandstorm: Squirrelpaw and Leafpaw. A cat named Dustpelt teaches Squirrelpaw how to be a warrior, and a cat named Cinderpelt teaches Leafpaw how to become a medicine cat (a cat who heals others). 

While Leafpaw and Cinderpelt search for healing herbs, StarClan, the spirits of the cats' ancestors, sends Cinderpelt a warning in some burning bracken: a picture of a tiger running through fire. Cinderpelt mistakenly believes this to mean that fire and tiger will unite and destroy the forest, fire being Squirrelpaw and tiger being Brambleclaw. They share the warning with Firestar, who decides to keep Brambleclaw and Squirrelpaw separated.

In a dream, StarClan tells Brambleclaw, Feathertail of RiverClan, Crowpaw of WindClan, and Tawnypelt of ShadowClan to "listen to what midnight has to say." The four cats unite and begin on a journey in the direction of the setting sun. Squirrelpaw refuses to let Brambleclaw go without her, and Stormfur insists on joining them to protect his sister, Feathertail. On their journey, they meet an old cat named Purdy, who helps the Clan cats get to the ocean. The six journeying cats enter a cavern inhabited by a badger called Midnight, who can speak the language of cats. She reveals to them that humans will destroy the forest the cats live in, and that the Clans must leave the forest or die. She also tells them that a "dying warrior" (shooting star) will lead the Clans to their new home. The book ends with a short epilogue back in the forest, where the humans begin to destroy ThunderClan's territory.

"Midnight" was first released in the US and Canada in hardcover on 10 May 2005. It was released in the UK on 25 October 2006. It was released in paperback on 4 April 2006. It was also released for the Amazon Kindle on 6 November 2007.

The reception of "Midnight" was mixed. Children's Literature gave a negative review. Points raised in the review include the demotion of Firestar (who held a major role in the previous series) to a simple spokesman, the huge volume of characters, and the "wimpy" group of traveling cats. However, the review did praise the character of Squirrelpaw. On the other hand, "Kirkus Reviews" said the novel was "structurally solid." BookLoons called the characters "engaging."

The forest the cats live in is based on New Forest, a forest in southern England. The herbs that the cats use for healing is based on information found in a book called "Culpeper's Herbal" by Nicholas Culpeper.

Deron Williams

Deron Michael Williams (born June 26, 1984 in Parkersburg, West Virginia) is an American basketball point guard. He is currently a free agent of the NBA. He went to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for college and he played for the Illinois Fighting Illini basketball team. Williams also played for the Utah Jazz from 2005 to 2011. He was traded to the Nets for Devin Harris, Derrick Favors, two first round draft picks, and $3 million on February 23, 2011.


Rick Nash

Richard McLaren Nash (born June 16, 1984 in Brampton, Ontario), better known as Rick Nash, is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger for the Columbus Blue Jackets where he is the team's captain. He also played for the New York Rangers and Boston Bruins of the NHL as well as the HC Davos. He was picked by the Blue Jackets with the first overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the OHL with the London Knights.

He was on the Team Canada's men's ice hockey team in the 2010 Winter Olympics where they won the gold medal.

Rick Nash retired from playing hockey in 2018 due to concussion symptoms.



New Taipei City

New Taipei City () is a city in northern Taiwan. It circles Taipei City. It is south of Keelung, north of Taoyuan City and west of Yilan County. It is a part of the Republic of China and the largest city in Taiwan.


New Taipei City controls 29 districts (區). It has 1,017 villages (里). The villages are divided into 21,683 neighborhoods (鄰).


Far East Movement

Far East Movement is an American electro-hop band. The group was started in 2003. The members are Kev Nish, Prohgress, J-Splif, and DJ Virman. The band's original name was Emcee's Anonymous". The song "Round Round" was featured in the movie, .







Jeremy Morin

Jeremy Morin (born April 16, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Columbus Blue Jackets.

Before playing in the NHL, Morin played 2 years with the USA Hockey National Team Development Program (NTDP) and 1 season with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).

He was drafted 45th overall by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. On June 24, 2010, the Thrashers traded Morin along with Marty Reasoner, Joey Crabb, their 1st round pick (Kevin Hayes) and their 2nd round pick (Justin Holl) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Dustin Byfuglien, Brent Sopel, Ben Eager, and Akim Aliu.

On November 5, 2010, the Blackhawks recalled Morin from the Blackhawks AHL-affiliate team, the Rockford IceHogs. The next day, Morin made his debut in 5–4 shootout win against the Atlanta Thrashers. After 3 days, he was sent back down to the IceHogs.

On November 30, 2010, he was called back up to the Blackhawks to replace the injured Marián Hossa. Before his callup, Morin was leading the IceHogs in goals, with six, and he was tied for third on the team with nine points. Later that day, during a game against the St. Louis Blues, Morin was able to record his first NHL point, after a power play assist, and also recorded his first NHL fight against the Blues' Chris Porter. He played the next 2 games but was sent back down to Rockford on December 6, 2010.

On December 8, 2010, before their game against the Dallas Stars, the Blackhawks recalled Morin while they placed Hossa on injured reserve. During the game against the Stars, Morin was able to score his first NHL goal against Andrew Raycroft in a 5–3 win.

Salary cap was still a concern for the Blackhawks and they had to send Morin back down to Rockford the next day. He would continue to be sent back and called up between Rockford and Chicago before the returns of Hossa and Viktor Stalberg from injury. After their returns, the Blackhawks did not need Morin in the line-up and loaned him to Team USA for the 2011 World Junior Championships. After the tournament was over, Morin returned to the IceHogs but he missed the rest of the season after suffering a concussion in mid-January.

On June 27, 2014, Morin was signed to a two-year contract extension by the Blackhawks.

On December 14, 2014, the Blackhawks traded Morin to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Tim Erixon.

On June 30, 2015, he was traded back to the Blackhawks along with Marko Daňo, Artem Anisimov, Corey Tropp and a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, in exchange for Brandon Saad, Alex Broadhurst and Michael Paliotta.

On January 3, 2016, Morin was traded by the Blackhawks to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Richard Pánik.

On February 27, 2016, he was traded to the San Jose Sharks along with James Reimer in exchange for Alex Stalock, Ben Smith and a 4th round pick in 2018.


Jiří Fischer

Jiří Fischer (born July 31, 1980) is a Czech retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Fischer played with the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1999 to 2006. He won the Stanley Cup with them in 2002. Fischer is the current director of player development for the Detroit Red Wings.

On November 21, 2005, during a game against the Nashville Predators, Fischer collapsed on the bench after entering cardiac arrest and was resuscitated by CPR and by an Automated External Defibrillator after being unconscious for six minutes. The game was halted and later played on January 23, 2006 marking the first time a hockey game has been stopped due to an injury. The Predators won the game 3-2. Fischer was released from Detroit Receiving Hospital on November 23, 2005.

Bryan Smolinski

Bryan Anthony Smolinski (born December 27, 1971 in Toledo, Ohio) is a former American professional ice hockey player. He was picked by the Boston Bruins with the twenty-first overall pick in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. Smolinski played ice hockey at Michigan State University for the NCAA.

University of Wisconsin–Madison

The University of Wisconsin–Madison is a university in Madison, Wisconsin, and the main campus of the University of Wisconsin System. It was founded in 1848.

The university offers 9,203 different courses, 232 undergraduate majors and certificates and over 250 master’s, doctoral, and professional programs. Average class size is 31 and there are more than 2,000 professors.

The school's athletic program, which competes mainly in the Big Ten Conference, is named the "Badgers" and they have won 27 national championships. The women's hockey team plays in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association.


Arctic tern

The Arctic tern ("Sterna paradisaea") is a medium-sized species of seabird. It breeds in the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of Europe, Asia, and North America. The Arctic tern also has the longest migration of any known animal. It migrates each year. 

The Arctic tern is shown on the postage stamps of several countries and dependent territories. Examples are the Åland Islands, Alderney, and Faroe Islands and the countries include Canada, Finland, Iceland, and Cuba.

Grey Goose (drink)

Grey Goose is a brand of vodka that was introduced in the United States in 1997 and is manufactured by Bacardi. The distillation of Grey Goose takes place in the commune of Cognac in France. It was designed in 1997 by Sidney Frank, a billionaire.


Halberd

The halberd is a two handed pole weapon that has a axe blade topped with a spike mounted on a long shaft and a hook or thorn on the back side of the axe blade. The Halberd was popular during the 14th and 15th centuries. The Halberd is still the ceremonial weapon of the Swiss Guard in the Vatican.

Flag of Somaliland

The flag of Somaliland is the national flag of Somaliland.
The Shahada says "there is no other God except Allah, Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah".

Sakura Haruno

Sakura Haruno is a character from the Naruto anime and manga series. Sakura is one of Naruto Uzumaki’s fellow ninja-in-training, one-third of the team that also includes Naruto and Sasuke Uchiha. While in some ways, she’s a little stereotypically girly, she can more than hold her own throughout her team’s ninja training.

Layoff

Layoff (also called redundancy in British English), is when an employee does not work due to temporary or permanent suspension. There are legal differences from being fired. The meaning of "layoff" has changed over time. It first mean that there would be a temporary interruption at places like factories. In modern times, "laying someone off" is usually permanent, although in some special cases someone can be laid off temporarily.

B.T.

B.T. is a Danish tabloid newspaper, founded in 1916 by Henry Hellssen.


F. W. de Klerk

Frederik Willem de Klerk (18 March 1936 – 11 November 2021) was a South African politician. He was the president of South Africa from 1989 to 1994. In 1993, he was awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace with Nelson Mandela. They were given the prize for peacefully ending apartheid and setting up a new government in South Africa. From 1994 to 1996 he was vice president of South Africa. In 1997, he retired from politics. In 2004, he left the New National Party, when it became known that it wanted to unite with the African National Congress to form a single party.

De Klerk studied to be an attorney. He finished his studies in 1958. As a student, he joined the National Party. After obtaining his degree, he was their legal counsel, until 1972. From his first marriage with Marike Willemse he has three children. Since 1998, he has been married to Elita Georgiades.
FW de Klerk was born in Johannesburg in 1936. He is the son of Johannes de Klerk (1903-1979) and Hendrina Cornelia de Klerk (1904-2001), who died just four months before the death of his former daughter Marike Willemse and his brother to Wimpie de Klerk (1928-2009). His family, whose name comes from the French surname "Le Clerc," "Le Clercq" or "de Clercq" is of Huguenot origin. He settled in the country in 1686, a few months after the Revocation of the Nantes edict, and participated in various events in the history of Afrikaner. Their ancestors participated in the Grand Trek on the train led by Piet Retief to get rid of the British rule. In 1838, three members of the Klerk family were also killed with Retief in King Kraal of Zulu, Dingane. Later, during the Second Boer War (1899-1902), the grandfather FW of Klerk was captured twice by the British before being a founding member of the National Party in 1914, alongside James Barry Hertzog. According to genealogist Keith Meintjies and confirmed by FW by Klerk, the latter is also in accordance with Krotoa (Eva), a female Khoi, who served as interpreter for the Dutch colonists during the founding of the Colony of the Head.

Member of the Reformed Dutch Church, FW by Klerk, is the youngest son, Jan Klerk, the head of the school and minister with various portfolios (1954-1969) and Senate chairman (1969-1976), the nephew of JG Strijdom, the head of the South African Government 1954 until 1958. His older brother Wimpie de Klerk is a political analyst and co-founder of the Democratic Party in 1989.

High School in Krugersdorp, a suburb of Johannesburg, FW by Klerk has a honors degree from the University of Potchefstroom in 1958. In 1959 he married Marike Willemse (1937-2001), with whom he will raise three children adopted ). The couple, F. W. and Marike de Klerk, divorced in 1998.

During university studies, he joined the National Party and became a member of Broderbond.

A lawyer in Vereeniging, south of Transvaal, refused in 1972 the public law seat at Potchefstroom University to run for general elections.

On 19 March 2021, de Klerk announced that had been diagnosed with mesothelioma. Eight months later on 11 November, he died from the disease in his sleep at his home in Cape Town at the age of 85.

Lower East Side

The Lower East Side is a neighborhood in southeastern part of the New York City borough of Manhattan. The neighborhood is roughly made up of Allen Street, East Houston Street, Essex Street, Canal Street, Eldridge Street, East Broadway, and Grand Street. It is considered to be an immigrant, working class area, but some parts of the neighborhood have been bought, repaired, destroyed, and renovated in recent years. Because of this, The National Trust for Historic Preservation put Lower East Side Manhattan on their list of America's Most Endangered Places At one time, much of the Lower East Side was tenements or slums, but many of these have been torn down or replaced by housing projects. During the late 19th and early 20th century, almost a million people lived on the Lower East Side, making it one of the most densely populated places on the planet. In the early to mid-19th century, many of the people were from Ireland and Germany. In the late 19th and early 20th century, many of the people there were from Eastern Europe, including many Jews. Today, many of the immigrants in the Lower East Side are from the Dominican Republic and China.

No Prayer for the Dying

No Prayer for the Dying is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 1 October 1990.

The album has Iron Maiden's only song that became the most popular one in England when it was released. This song is called "Bring Your Daughter...to the Slaughter." The album was also the band's last that was rated gold by the RIAA in the United States.

Reviews of the album were mixed. One person who reviewed it said that it "as a whole doesn't measure up" when compared to the better songs on it.


The Great Wave off Kanagawa

The Great Wave off Kanagawa is a woodblock print made by Hokusai. 

The art work was printed somewhere between 1830 and 1833 which was during the Edo period. It is the first print in the series, Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji. It shows a giant wave threatening boats near the Japanese prefecture of Kanagawa. It was made with the ukiyo-e printing technique.


Although it mostly was grainy feeling to the touch, it held a great part of history

Armidale

Armidale is a city in New South Wales, Australia. As of 2006 it had a population of 19,485. It is found half-way between Brisbane and Sydney. It has an average altitude of 980 meters. It has a cool climate. It also has four seasons, unlike other parts of Australia. Armidale sometimes gets hailstorms. It was proclaimed a city in 1885. It has passenger trains to and from Sydney. There are bicycling areas in some parts of the city.

Johnny English

Johnny English is a 2003 British comedy spy movie set in London. It was produced by Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner and Mark Huffam and was directed by Peter Howitt. "Johnny English" parodies the James Bond movie series.

This movie has a sequel, "Johnny English Reborn".

An MI7 agent named Johnny English is protecting the Crown Jewels but they are stolen. He meets a mysterious lady named Lorna Campbell, who he becomes suspicious of.

English and his assistant, Angus Bough, discover that a French businessman named Pascal Sauvage plans to become King of Britain and turn the island into a large prison for international criminals. English meets Lorna Campbell again and she reveals she is an Interpol agent tracking Sauvage. 

Sauvage's henchmen force Elizabeth II to abdicate and erase her line of succession, allowing Sauvage to become next-in-line due to being descended from James II. English, Bough and Campbell hijack the coronation of Sauvage and after a long struggle, the Archbishop accidentally crowns English.

As King, Johnny English gives the crown back to the Queen and has Pascal Sauvage arrested. While on holiday with Campbell in southern France, English accidentally ejects her from the car.


Johnny English gained mixed reviews:



Giovanni da Verrazzano

Giovanni da Verrazzano (1485 – 1528) was a Florentine explorer of North America. He is known for being the first European since the Norse colonization of the Americas around 1000 to explore the east coast of North America between South and North Carolina and Newfoundland, including New York Harbor and Narragansett Bay in 1524. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is named for him. 

He was chosen in 1524 by the King of France to search for a “Northwest Passage” to Asia through North America. He left in January 1524, and reached Cape Fear in North Carolina on March 1, 1524. He then sailed north to explore the coastline, and believed that he had seen the Pacific Ocean (he explored North Carolina coast on the other side of a narrow piece of land). He actually discovered the Pamlico Sound, which is part of the Atlantic Ocean. Verrazzano’s mistake meant that incorrect maps were printed in Europe. They showed North America as split into two parts, connected by a narrow strip of land. This error took over a century to correct.

Verrazzano discovered New York Harbor, Block Island and Narragansett bay while exploring the Atlantic coast of North America. He missed some important discoveries because he often anchored far off-shore. He sailed further north to Maine and Newfoundland, and then returned to France with his discoveries. He made two more trips to the Americas after that.

There are conflicting reports on how he died. One version says he was killed and eaten by natives on Guadalupe Island. Another says he was executed for piracy in Spain. New York Harbor’s Verrazano Narrows Bridge commemorates his journey and his discoveries.

Kate McGarrigle

Kate McGarrigle ( February 6, 1946, in Montreal, Canada - January 18, 2010) was a Canadian singer-songwriter famous for her emotional songs written in the folk style. With her sister Anna McGarrigle, she had success in the 1970's where they were well known for their harmony singing. Some of the McGarrigles songs became hits for singers such as Linda Ronstadt and Maria Muldaur. Kate married singer Loudon Wainwright III and had two children, singers Martha Wainwright and Rufus Wainwright.

She died of clear-cell sarcoma in Montreal.

Diff'rent Strokes

Diff'rent Strokes is an American sitcom created by Jeff Harris and Bernie Kukoff. "Diff'rent Strokes" is set in New York City. It ran for 8 seasons and had 189 episodes. "Diff'rent Strokes" launched the career of four of its stars Gary Coleman, Todd Bridges, Dana Plato, and Conrad Bain.

The show is about a rich man Phillip Drummond (Conrad Bain) and his daughter Kimberly Drummond (Dana Plato) living in an apartment in New York City. Shortly before his maid died, she wanted him to take care of her two children, Arnold and Willis Jackson (Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges). They go through funny adventures and face realistic problems that can affect Arnold or the Drummond family.

Conrad Bain is the only cast member to appear in all "Diff'rent Strokes" episodes. Gary Coleman did not appear in two.



There have been rumors of a curse about the cast members of the series such as; the falling career, robbery, and suicide of Dana Plato and the sudden death of Gary Coleman from an accidental fall. The only well-known cast members that survive is Todd Bridges.


Rock Lee

Many anime and manga publications have wrote about Lee's character. IGN compared Lee to Bruce Lee and Noel Gallagher. Anime News Network called Lee the "goofiest looking character" in the series. Lee has been popular among the "Naruto" reader base. He was placed high in many popularity polls. Many pieces of merchandise have been released in Lee's likeness, including figurines and plush dolls.

In an interview in "Weekly Shōnen Jump"s "Naruto Anime Profiles Episodes 1-37", Masashi Kishimoto said that he enjoys drawing Lee more than any other character in the series. When designing Lee's appearance, Kishimoto planned to make Lee having different kinds of weapons, including nunchaku. Due to lack of time while creating the series, he was unable to do so. Kishimoto's first editor, Kosuke Yahagi, originally drew the author a draft of Lee's appearance. When Kishimoto designed it the design changed a lot from the original one. Yahagi felt pleased because some parts were kept. Kishimoto has noted that he originally designed Lee as a symbol of human weakness. His design of Sakura Haruno was also intended to carry the same Symbolism. Kishimoto was surprised by Lee's popularity within fans. He wanted to write more about him but the timing was never right. Lee became very popular within course of the series. Due to this Kishimoto tries to place him toward the front of promotional artwork in which he appears.

Brian Donovan is the voice actor for Rock Lee in the English adaptation of the anime. In an interview he commented that he likes Lee because he felt he was trying to be a "knight in shining armor but bumbling and stumbling at the same time".

Rock Lee is a ninja from Konohagakure part of Team Guy. Team Guy is a four-man cell of ninja led by Might Guy. Guy is interested in Lee due to his determination to become stronger even without the ability to use basic ninja techniques. He decides to help him achieve his dream of becoming a powerful ninja by using only taijutsu. Taijutsu is primary hand-to-hand combat. This relationship with Guy causes Lee to acquire many of Guy's qualities. Lee believes he can surpass the natural talents of others through hard work and passion. In the series, he attempts to surpass Neji Hyuga, who is shown as a "genius". Lee first appears in the series as a participant in the Chunin Exams. Chunin exams are the exams held twice a year for ninja who wish to increase their rank. During the Chunin Exams, Lee battles Gaara, a ninja from the village of Sunagakure. In the fight, Lee uses the eight chakra gates. chakra gates are limits on the body's ability to use chakra. This increases his natural abilities at the cost of his health. Lee tries hard but Gaara defeats Lee by crushing his left arm and leg. Lee is injured to the point where must give up on being a ninja.

Tsunade is a Konohagakure medical ninja. When she returns to lead the village as the Fifth Hokage (Konohagakure's leader), she offers to operate on him. Even though there is fifty percent chance of failure, Guy encourages Lee to have the operation. After that, Lee undergoes the surgery, which succeeds in healing his arm and leg. Right after the operation, Lee follows a team of ninja led by Shikamaru Nara who try to stop Sasuke Uchiha from leaving the village and going to the village of Otogakure. Lee battles the Otogakure ninja Kimimaro using the fighting style. When Kimimaro is about to defeat Lee, Gaara comes and continue the battle.

In Part II, Lee obtains the rank of Chunin. He is sent with his team to help save Gaara who is taken away by the criminal organization Akatsuki. During the Fourth Shinobi War Lee worked at the Third Division. Lee helps in fighting the Kabuto Yakushi's reanimated army. He later helped Naruto Uzumaki in the fight against Obito Uchiha and Madara Uchiha. Years after the war, Lee marries an unknown woman and has a son named Metal Lee. In the epilogue, Lee is last seen many years later, training with his son. In "", Lee hosts the third stage of the Chunin Exam.

Lee has appeared many times outside of the "Naruto" anime and manga. In the third featured movie in the series, "", Lee acts as a member of Team 7 for the duration of the movie. In the , which is set in Part II, Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, Neji Hyuga, and Lee are assigned to escort the maiden Shion, who needs to perform a ritual to seal a demonic army. Lee also appears in the third original video animation, taking part in a tournament.

Lee is a character which can be played in almost every "Naruto" video game. This includes the and the . In some games, he uses some techniques not seen in the anime or manga. "" marks his first appearance in a video game set in Part II. Rock Lee is also the main character of a spin-off manga by Kenji Taira. The manga was adapted into an anime series titled "Rock Lee and his Ninja Pals".

Lee has ranked highly in the "Shōnen Jump" popularity polls for the series. At first, he was placed in top ten several times and he reached fifth place once. In later polls, Lee lost his top ten status. Also, several pieces of merchandise based on Lee have also been released, like action figures of his Part I and Part II appearances, plush dolls, and keychains.

Several publications for manga, anime, video games, and other media have provided commentary on Lee's character. IGN's A.E. Sparrow called Lee one of his favorite characters in the series. They also compared his personality to that of Bruce Lee and Noel Gallagher. Fellow editor Ramsey Isler ranked him as the eight best character on the series and said he "was the true underdog of the series." Isler added, "Perhaps a little too intense, but always fiercely devoted to his cause, Rock Lee added all sorts of flavor to the series." However, Rock Lee's profile on IGN describes him as "kind of stiff" because of his very polite manner. Active Anime celebrated Lee's introduction in the series as a comedic relief to the growing tension of the story at that point. "Anime Insider" listed him in their top five list for "pure-hearted heroes" from anime and manga publications, ranking him at number five. "Insider" praised him for "never [giving] up, even in the face of people with actual ninja powers."

Anime News Network referred to Lee as the "star of [the Chunin Exam arc]". They also claimed that he "almost single-handedly rescues this arc from being tossed into the 'entertaining but disposable' bin". His fight against Gaara in the exams was listed as second best one in anime by AnimeCentral. Anime News Network also called Lee the "goofiest looking character" in the series. They also praised Kishimoto's "ninja-punk visual sensibilities" that allowed him to make Lee "damn cool when the action starts". In the NEO Awards 2007 from "Neo", Rock Lee won in the category "Best Anime Character". He was also listed as one of the three "Honorable Mentions" from "Naruto" by Wizard Entertainment's Danica Davidson with comments from the article being focused on Lee's determination. When the "Naruto" manga ended, writer Yūto Kubota expressed that Lee was his favorite character.

Matt Morgan

Matthew Thomas Morgan (born September 10, 1976 in Fairfield, Connecticut) is an American professional wrestler that is currently signed to TNA Wrestling wrestling under the ring name, "The Blueprint" Matt Morgan.




Cold Lake, Alberta

Cold Lake is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta.

Cold Lake was originally three communities, and was eventually formed by merging the Town of Grand Centre, the Town of Cold Lake, and Medley which was a Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing on October 1, 1996.


Tridentine Mass

Tridentine Mass is the formula of the Roman Rite Catholic Mass that was commonly used before 1969. The Roman Missal contained the Church's guidelines on the Tridentine Mass for the first time in 1570. The missal was changed several times, and the last change to it was made in 1962. The celebration is done almost exclusively in the Latin language. Today, it is permitted as an alternative to the current form of the Mass that was introduced by the Second Vatican Council. There is also a translation into Church Slavonic which uses that language instead of Latin. The Slavonic form is in use mainly in the Balkans.

Daewoo Leganza

The Daewoo Leganza was a 4-door automobile produced by GM Daewoo. It offered a lot of space and equipment for not a lot of money. Only 1 generation was made over a 5 year run. It replaced the Daewoo Espero in 1997 and in 2000 the similarly sized Daewoo Magnus launched with the Leganza continuing until 2002.


John Carpenter

John Howard Carpenter (born January 16, 1948) is an American movie director, producer, writer and actor. He was born in Carthage, New York. He is known for horror and science fiction movies including "Halloween", "The Thing" and "Escape from New York".

Hecate

Hecate (, "Hekátē") is the goddess of magic, crossroads, witchcraft, sorcery, ghosts and necromancy in ancient Greek religion and myth. The daughter of Perses and Asteria (twin sister of Leto), Hecate was a member of the third generation of Titans, but sided with Zeus and his siblings during the Titanomachy. As such, she was greatly honored by Zeus, who allowed her to operate on Earth, as well as the sky and the Underworld. A nocturnal figure, Hecate often dwelled in underground caves or in the Underworld itself. She was often invoked as a household deity, to provide aid in warding off evil spirits. Hecate assisted Demeter in her search for her daughter Persephone following Hades' abduction of her, guiding the goddess' path at night by her flaming torches. Afterwards, she frequently served as a companion of Persephone, joining her on her yearly journey to and from the realm of the dead. In later times, Hecate was depicted as a woman with three-heads, thought to represent the past, present and future. Serving as her attendants were the empousai, a species of man-eating monsters who were vampiric in appearance with a leg made of solid bronze and the other that of a donkey. Often identified with the goddesses Artemis and Selene, Hecate served as a representative of the harvest moon. Her symbols were a pair of torches, keys and daggers, and the serpent, polecat, and dog were considered her sacred animals. She was usually worshipped along side Demeter and Persephone. Her roman counterpart is Trivia.


ʻAlalā

The Alalā or Hawaiian crow ("Corvus hawaiiensis") is a species of bird in the crow family. The bird was found only in the western and southeastern parts of the island of Hawaiʻi before becoming completely extinct in the wild. There are two breeding facilities operated by the San Diego Zoo.

Hugues Cuénod

Hugues-Adhémar Cuénod (born 26 June 1902; died 6 December 2010) was a Swiss opera singer. He was a tenor. He was particularly famous for singing comic roles in opera. He had an extremely long career, lasting over 65 years. He was still singing in opera at the age of 92. He died at the age of 108.

Hugues Cuénod was born in Coiseaux-sur-Vevey. He studied at the Ribaupierre Institute in Lausanne, at the conservatories in Geneva and Basel, and in Vienna. At first he sang in concerts. Then, in 1928, he got a part in the jazz opera "Jonny spielt auf" by Ernst Krenek when it was performed in Paris. The next year he sang for the first time in the United States in Noël Coward's "Bitter Swee t". He worked in Geneva until 1933, then he went to Paris where he met the music teacher Nadia Boulanger. She had a big influence on his musical development. He made a concert tour of North America. From 1940 to 1946 he taught at the Geneva Conservatory. In 1943 he started singing in opera again, singing in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus" in Geneva. Then he sang at Milan's La Scala (1951), the Glyndebourne Festival (from 1954 on) and London's Royal Opera House, Covent Garden (1954, 1956 and 1958).

Cuénod sang music by many different composers. He was famous for singing the part of Basilio in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro", the Astrologer in Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Golden Cockerel", and Sellem in Stravinsky's "The Rake's Progress". He sang with a light tenor voice, not a heavy heroic voice.

One of the most famous opera houses in the world is the Metropolitan Opera in New York. He did sing there, but not until he was 84. By that age almost all singers have been long retired. He sang the part of the Emperor Altoum in Puccini's "Turandot" in 14 performances there.

The very last time he sang on stage was in 1994 when he was 92. He sang M. Triquet in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" when it was given by the Lausanne Opera at the Théâtre du Jorat in Mézières.

Cuénod lived with his male partner, Alfred Augustin, in the Vaud region of Switzerland. They lived in an 18th-century castle that had belonged to members of his family for several generations. The couple were in a civil union.

On his last birthday on 26 June 2010 he turned 108. He died in Vevey on 6 December that year.

Roberto Alagna

Roberto Alagna (born near Paris, 7 June 1963) is a French operatic tenor.

Alagna's family came from Sicily. He was born in Clichy-sous-Bois, Seine-Saint-Denis, near Paris, France in 1963. When he was a teenager he started singing pop music in Paris cabarets. Later he started to sing in operas. He won the Luciano Pavarotti Voice Competition. He started to sing professionally in 1988 singing the part of Alfredo Germont in Giuseppe Verdi's "La Traviata" with the Glyndebourne touring opera Soon he was being asked to sing all over the world in opera houses such as La Scala, Covent Garden and the Metropolitan Opera. His performances of Romeo in "Romeo and Juliet" by Charles Gounod at Covent Garden in 1994 made him a great international star. When he sang that role on 15 December 2007 at the Metropolitan Opera with Anna Netrebko as Juliet the performance was broadcast by the Met into 447 theaters worldwide in high definition and seen by about 97,000 people.

Alagna's first wife, Florence Lancien, died of a brain tumor in 1994; they had one daughter, Ornella, who was born in 1992. In 1996 he married the Romanian soprano Angela Gheorghiu. They often performed together in operas. However, they separated in 2009.


Lila Downs

Lila Downs (September 9, 1968 in Tlaxiaco, Oaxaca, Mexico) is a Mexican/American singer-songwriter. She performs her own compositions as well as Mexican traditional and popular music. She also incorporates indigenous Mexican influences and have recorded songs in indigenous languages such as Mixtec, Zapotec, Maya, Nahuatl and P'urhépecha. Her albums are "One Blood", "Shake Away", and "Sins and Miracles" has won various Grammys and World Music Awards.

Downs is the daughter of Mixtec cabaret singer Anita Sánchez and Allen Downs, a Scottish/English-American professor of art and cinematographer from Minnesota. She learned to sing at the age of four. She began to perform rancheras songs when she was 10 years old. Lila grew up partly in the Mexican state of Oaxaca, partly in the U.S. state of California as a teenager. She was 15 when she went to Performing Arts Institute of Oaxaca, where she studied music. She lived in Minnesota as an adult. She graduated from the University of Minnesota in voice and anthropology.

She later returned to Mexico where she learned to weave. Later, she began singing in the club scenes of Oaxaca and Philadelphia along with Paul Cohen, an American-born saxophonist. They began collaborating on songs that would slowly evolve into Downs' subsequent recordings. Cohen became both Downs' husband and her artistic director.

In recent years, Downs and her band have toured widely in Mexico, South America, the US and Europe. She was also heard in the soundtrack to the movie "Frida" in a song, "Burn it Blue", that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song and that she performed at the 75th Academy Awards. Other songs that she performed on the soundtrack are "Benediction and Dream", "Estrella Oscura", and "La Llorona". Other movies in which her songs are featured include Maria Ripoll's 2001 "Tortilla Soup", Patricia Cardoso's 2002 "Real Women Have Curves" and Carlos Saura's 2007 "Fados". She was also invited to the Twelve Girls Band's concert in Shanghai, where she sang in French and English. Downs is currently based in Coyoacán, a borough of Mexico City.

On September 2, 2008, Lila Downs released "Shake Away", her latest album of new material as well as featuring a few cover songs, including "I Envy The Wind" by Lucinda Williams and "I Would Never" by The Blue Nile. Downs also collaborated with artists like La Mari from Chambao and Enrique Bunbury from Héroes del Silencio. In 2010 she appeared on The Chieftains' album "San Patricio".

"Sins and Miracles" is the most recent album by Lila Downs. It was released in 2011. It reached the top of the charts in Mexico, Germany, Argentina, Colombia, Spain and the United States. It also reached the top ten in other major markets. Downs did a tour for the album called the "Pecados y Milagros World Tour". The singles on "Sins and Miracles" are: "Palomo del Comalito", "Zapata se Queda" and "Mezcalito". The album and its singles received one Grammy Award. The main music genres which make up the album are pop, folk and ska. She has a contralto vocal range.




Rock Band 2

Rock Band 2 is an interactive music game by Harmonix. It is a sequel to the game "Rock Band". To play the game, players use a microphone to sing or a controller to hit notes on the screen. Players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time. Earning points can help a player earn stars, which show how well a player performed the song. If a player misses too many notes or hits too many of the wrong notes, they fail out of the song. It has a quickplay mode and a world tour mode.

In quickplay mode, players choose songs from a list to play. In world tour mode, players can play songs in venues (public places) in cities around the world. Rock Band 2 also has a practice mode, where players can play a song without failing out of it. Players can choose one of four skill levels to play. The skill levels are Easy, Medium, Hard, and Expert.The songs in Rock Band 2 are sorted by how hard they are to play. Zero dots means the song is one of the easiest to play, and five red dots means that the song is one of the hardest. Players can play solo (by themselves) or with other people.


Citadel

A citadel is a large fortress or castle that is usually built to protect cities or towns from attacks or disaster, though citadels have been built for other reasons as well. Citadels are often built to be the final protection for a city or town, in case enemies break through other protections such as walls or soldiers. 

The citadel of a city is most often built around the center of administration and government, which is where the king or city council makes their rulings. Other common places for a citadel to be placed are the downtown (central core) of the city, the holy center or religious square of the city (many shrines), and the business or financial area, where money is traded for goods, and invested.

The oldest known citadels were built in the Indus Valley Civilization, where the citadel may have been used as a symbol of authority (power), though no one is entirely sure why they were built. 

In Ancient Greece, the Acropolis was important in the life of the people, serving as a place of safety in times of trouble. It contained military supplies, food, a shrine, and often a palace or citadel. The most well-known is the Acropolis of Athens, but nearly every Greek city-state had one. 

Citadels were sometimes built so strongly that enemies could take over the rest of the city, but fail to take over the city's citadel. During the Maccabean Revolt, the Maccabean rebels managed to take over all of Jerusalem except its citadel. It wasn't until 20 years later that they finally managed to take over the citadel too.

Citadels were not always built to keep away a city's enemies. During the Anglo-Dutch Wars, King Charles II of England built a citadel at Plymouth that could not only keep out enemies, but also the city's people in case they tried to rebel against the King.

The "Citadelle" of Quebec still survives as the largest citadel still in official military operation in North America after more than 200 years of existence.

Since the middle of the 20th century, citadels usually protect military center, rather than cities or towns. These citadels are built to protect the center from heavy attacks, such as aerial or nuclear bombardment. The military citadels under London are an example of this.

Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau

Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau (born 28 May 1925 in Berlin, died 18 May 2012 in Berg, Upper Bavaria) was a German baritone singer. For more than 30 years he was thought of by many as the greatest male singer in classical music. He was particularly famous for his singing of Lieder (German art songs), but he was also a superbly great singer of opera as well as a concert singer with orchestras. Later in his career he also conducted.

Fischer-Dieskau had a lyrical baritone voice, not a powerful, heroic voice like a Heldenbarton. In spite of that he recorded many operatic roles which are traditionally thought of as being for Heldenbariton: Wotan in Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle, Hans Sachs in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, Amfortas in Parsifal, Macbeth in Verdi's opera etc. 

He is the most recorded singer of all time. He sang in many languages as well as German: French, Russian, Hebrew and Hungarian.

Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau was born in Berlin. His parents were teachers. He started singing as a child and began voice lessons at the age of 16. He had to join the German army (the Wehrmacht) during World War II, in 1943. He had only just finished school. He was captured in Italy in 1945 and spent two years as an American prisoner of war. During that time, he sang Lieder in POW camps to homesick German soldiers.

In 1947 he returned to Germany where he started his professional career singing the baritone solo in Brahms' "Ein Deutsches Requiem" without any rehearsal. (He was a last-minute substitute for a singer who was ill.) He gave his first Lieder recital in Leipzig later that year.

From early in his career he worked with famous lyric sopranos Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Irmgard Seefried, and the recording producer Walter Legge, producing very popular albums of lieder by Franz Schubert and Hugo Wolf.

In the autumn of 1948, Fischer-Dieskau became principal lyric baritone at the Städtische Oper Berlin (Municipal Opera, West Berlin), making his first opera performance in the role of Posa in Verdi's "Don Carlos" under the conductor Ferenc Fricsay. This company, known after 1961 as the Deutsche Oper, was to be his artistic home until his retirement from the operatic stage, in 1978.

Fischer-Dieskau made guest appearances at the opera houses in Vienna and Munich. After 1949 he made concert tours in the Netherlands, Switzerland, France and Italy. In 1951, he first appeared at a concert in the Salzburg Festival with Mahler's "Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen (Songs of a Wayfarer)" under Wilhelm Furtwängler. He was starting to appear all over the world: in the Royal Albert Hall, London, Boston, Massachusetts and at the Bayreuth Festival.

As an opera singer, Fischer-Dieskau performed mainly in Berlin and at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich. He also made guest appearances at the Vienna State Opera, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in London, at the Hamburg State Opera, in Japan, and at the King's Theatre in Edinburgh, during the Edinburgh Festival. His first tour in the United States took place in 1955, when he was 29. For his recitals there he was accompanied by Gerald Moore. He recorded many Lieder with Gerald Moore, and gave many recitals with him until Moore retired in 1967. However, they continued to make recordings after that. Their recordings of the Schubert song cycles
"Die schöne Müllerin" and "Die Winterreise" were very highly thought of.

Fischer-Dieskau also performed many works by living composers including Benjamin Britten, Samuel Barber, Hans Werner Henze, Karl Amadeus Hartmann, Ernst Krenek and Witold Lutosławski.

Fischer-Dieskau also recorded many famous roles in Italian operas, e.g. Verdi's Rigoletto and Rodrigo in Verdi's "Don Carlos", Scarpia in Giacomo Puccini's "Tosca". He retired from opera in 1978.

Fischer-Dieskau's musicianship and technique were always perfect. He retired from the concert hall on New Year's Day, 1993, at 67, and spent his time conducting, teaching (especially the interpretation of Lieder), painting and writing books. 

In 1949, Fischer-Dieskau married the cellist Irmgard Poppen. Together they had three sons: Mathias, who became a stage designer, Martin (a conductor), and Manuel (a cellist). Irmgard died in 1963 of complications following childbirth. Afterwards, Fischer-Dieskau was married to the actress Ruth Leuwerik, from 1965 to 1967, and Kristina Pugell, from 1968 to 1975. From 1977 until his death he was married to the soprano Julia Varady.

Covent Garden

Covent Garden is a huge piazza or open area in London, between the West End and the City of London. It is north of The Strand and east of Trafalgar Square. Once it was a huge fruit, vegetable and flower market with many taverns, theatres, coffee-houses, prostitutes and brothels.

Now it is a huge commercial area and "tourist trap". The former market has been redeveloped, keeping its glass roof and cast iron spans. The area is hugely popular with visitors to London, and has a number of remarkable buildings nearby.

The Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, is the main theatre for ballet and opera in London. It has several rehearsal rooms with full-size stages, a large costume department and restaurants.

The Theatre Royal, Drury Lane is nearby. It has been purchased and restored by Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Bow Street is also nearby; it is a boundary road to Covent Garden. This was the road where the original police force of London, the Bow Sreet Runners, was formed in the 1740s. The Bow Street Magistrate's Court was one of the most famous criminal courts in London until it was closed in 2006. It is going to be a boutique hotel.

Salzburg Festival

The Salzburg Festival () is an internationally famous festival of music and drama. It is held each summer (for five weeks starting in late July) in the Austrian town of Salzburg. Salzburg is the birthplace of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

In modern time there is also an annual "Salzburg Easter Festival" held by the same organization.


Essex County, New Jersey

Essex County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of 2020, 863,728 people lived there, making it the third most populous county in the state, behind Bergen County and Middlesex County, and the second most densely population county in the state after Hudson County. The seat of the county is Newark, the largest city in the state.


Bergen County, New Jersey

Bergen County is a county in the U.S. State of New Jersey. It is rich and has more people living in it than other counties in New Jersey. As of the 2020 census, it had 955,732 people. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. The county is the one of the last remaining counties in the nation where shops are closed on Sundays because of "blue laws." In compliance to the blue laws, nearly all retail stores in Bergen County are closed on Sundays.

Ahmed Mohamed Silanyo

Ahmed Mohamed Mahamoud Silanyo (born 1936) is a Somaliland politician. He is the current Chairman of the Peace, Unity and Development Party (Kulmiye) and President of Somaliland. Standing as an opposition candidate, Silanyo was elected as president during the June 2010 presidential election.

Kakashi Hatake

Kakashi Hatake (はたけカカシ, "Hatake Kakashi") is a fictional character in the anime and manga series Naruto created by Masashi Kishimoto. He is the leader of Team 7, originally consisting of Naruto Uzumaki, Sasuke Uchiha, and Sakura Haruno. After Sasuke defects, Team 7 receives Sai as a replacement.

Zipeg

Zipeg is an open source free software. Zipeg unpacks files from ZIP, RAR and other archives. Zipeg works on Mac OS X and Windows. Zipeg can preview files and photographs. It is not capable of compressing files. Zipeg is able to extract compressed files. Zipeg supports RAR, ZIP and other formats. Zipeg is built on top of the 7-Zip backend. Zipeg user interface is implemented in Java and is open source.

Zipeg automatically detects filenames in national alphabets (code pages). Zipeg correctly translates filenames from national alphabet to Unicode. Zipeg reads EXIF thumbnails from JPEG digital photographs. Zipeg uses thumbnails for "tool tip" style preview and item icons.



Phil Kessel

Philip Joseph Kessel, Jr. (born October 2, 1987 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American professional ice hockey right winger for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Boston Bruins for 3 seasons and the Toronto Maple Leafs for 6 seasons. Kessel played hockey in college for the University of Minnesota's Golden Gophers.

On July 1, 2015, Kessel was traded along with Tyler Biggs, Tim Erixon, and a conditional second round draft pick to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Kasperi Kapanen, Scott Harrington, Nick Spaling, and conditional first- and third-round draft picks.



How the Grinch Stole Christmas (movie)

How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a 2000 comedy-drama Christmas movie that was produced by Ron Howard and Brian Grazer and was directed by Ron Howard. "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" is based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book, "How the Grinch Stole Christmas!" and the 1966 TV Christmas special.


"How the Grinch Stole Christmas" gained average reviews:



Greg Giraldo

Greg Giraldo (December 10, 1965 – September 29, 2010) was an American comedian television personality, and retired lawyer. Giraldo is probably best known for his many appearances on Comedy Central's roast specials and is also known for being a regular on Lewis Black's Root of All Evil.

He was married twice, once when he was 24 and he said that last very long. At the time of his death he had 3 children and had been divorced.

He accidentally overdosed on prescription medication and he was scheduled to appear at a comedy performance at the Stress Factory in New Brunswick, New Jersey. When Giraldo failed to appear the police were called to his hotel room where they found him and they rushed him to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital. It was reported that he had been in a coma for four days before his family had life support removed and he died on September 29, 2010.

On March 18, 2011, Comedy Central aired a special called "Give it up for Greg Giraldo", that featured celebrities Jon Stewart, Colin Quinn, Lewis Black, Daniel Tosh, Denis Leary, Sarah Silverman, Jeffrey Ross, Nick Swardson, Dave Attell, Jim Gaffigan and Conan O'Brien as well as others as they talked about his life and career.


Keith Ballard

Keith Ballard (born November 26, 1982 in Baudette, Minnesota) is a former American NHL ice hockey defenceman for the Minnesota Wild. He was picked by the Buffalo Sabres with the eleventh overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. He played hockey in college for the University of Minnesota's Golden Gophers. Ballard has also played for the Phoenix Coyotes for 3 seasons and the Florida Panthers for 2 seasons before being traded to the Vancouver Canucks in 2010 during the 2010 NHL Entry draft for Michael Grabner, Steve Bernier, and Vancouver's first round pick and 25th overall selection in that draft. On July 3, 2013, he was placed on waivers and his contract was bought out by the Canucks. On July 4th, 2013, Ballard signed a two-year $3 million contract with the Minnesota Wild.

Ballard is married and had a daughter with his wife in May 2010.

Ford E-Series

The Ford E-Series, also known as the Ford Econoline or the Ford Club Wagon , was a series line of passenger or cargo vans which began in 1961 and ended in 2015. The E-Series vans could hold eight to 15 people per van as well as cargo versions. The vans have undergone many redesigns through the years, the first generation was made from 1961 to 1967. The second generation was made from 1968 to 1974. The third generation was made from 1975 to 1991. The fourth and longest-running generation was made from 1992 to 2014 in passenger and cargo versions, and were replaced in 2015 by the fourth generation Ford Transit, although the Transit model has already been in production since the mid 1960's. The model line currently competes with the Chevrolet Van, Chevrolet Express, Mercedes-Benz Sprinter, Dodge Ram Van, Dodge Sprinter, Freightliner Sprinter, and GMC Savana. 

Angela Lansbury

Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury (16 October 1925 – 11 October 2022) was a British-Irish-American actress of stage, movie, and television. She was best known for her roles as Jessica Fletcher in the long-running whodunit television series "Murder, She Wrote" (1984–1996), and as the voice of Mrs. Potts in Disney's 30th animated feature movie "Beauty and the Beast" (1991).

Lansbury died on 11 October 2022, five days before her 97th birthday at her home in Los Angeles, California.

Banyan

A banyan (or 'banian') is a kind of fig. It usually starts life by growing on another plant as an epiphyte. Its seeds germinate in the cracks and crevices on a host tree, or on other structures like buildings and bridges.

"Banyan" usually means the Indian banyan or "Ficus benghalensis". It is the National tree of the Republic of India. and of Bangladesh. However, the term actually includes all figs which share their epiphytic life cycle. They are put in the subgenus Urostigma. The seeds of banyans are dispersed by fruit-eating birds. The seeds germinate and send down roots towards the ground. These roots may envelop (cover) part of the host tree or building structure, from which they get the casual name of strangler fig.

A number of tropical forest species grow by strangling. There are other examples in the genus "Ficus" that competes for light. Any "Ficus" species showing this habit may be termed a strangler fig.

The leaves of the banyan tree are large, leathery, glossy green and elliptical in shape. Like most of the fig-trees, the leaf bud is covered by two large scales. As the leaf develops the scales fall. Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge.

Older banyan trees have aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which, with age, can become indistinguishable from the main trunk. Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area.
Like other Fig species (including the common edible fig "Ficus carica"), banyans have unique fruit structures and are dependent on fig wasps for reproduction.

Once the roots get to the ground, they suck up nutrients and grow faster and thicker. They cover the trunk of the host tree, and their leaves and branches in the canopy block the light from the host. Lacking enough nutrition and light, the host tree eventually dies. Its wood is destroyed by beetles, termites and fungi. Only the hollow space inside the banyan remains. The banyan roots make a huge cylinder, and it stands up perfectly well.

Often the banyan tree is formed from several different fruits which germinated on the same host tree. This has been proved by genome analysis.

Teena Marie

Mary Christine Brockert (5 March 1956 – 26 December 2010), known by her stage name Teena Marie, was an American singer, songwriter, and producer. She is famous for songs such as "Lovergirl" and "Square Biz". Teena died on December 26, 2010 at age 54, from natural causes.


Hohenzollern

The Hohenzollern family ruled various territories in and near modern Germany, and later of all Germany. The Royal House of Hohenzollern began ruling the area around Berlin and Brandenburg, now in Germany, in 1415.

The family became one of the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor and then were kings of Prussia in 1702 and German emperors in 1871. 

It stopped ruling after World War I, when Germany became a republic. Prussia was abolished by the four Alliea that controlled Germany in 1947.

The family took it name from its ancestral home, Hohenzollern Castle, in what is now Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The area around the castle was once ruled as a separate principality.

Hohenzollern (disambiguation)

Hohenzollern may refer to: 


Hohenzollern-Hechingen

Hohenzollern-Hechingen was a county and principality in southwestern Germany, part of what is now Baden-Württemberg. Its rulers were members of a branch of the senior Swabian branch of the Hohenzollern family.

The County of Hohenzollern-Hechingen was created in 1576, when the County of Hohenzollern was divided. The county was ruled as a part of the Holy Roman Empire. When the last count of Hohenzollern, Charles I of Hohenzollern (1512–1579) died, the territory was to be divided up between his three sons:

Unlike the Hohenzollerns of Brandenburg and Prussia, the Hohenzollerns of southwest Germany remained Roman Catholic. The County was raised to a principality in 1623.

The principality joined the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806 and was a member state of the German Confederation between 1815 and 1850. The democratic Revolution of 1848 was relatively successful in Hohenzollern, and on 16 May 1848, the Prince was forced to accept the constitution limiting his power. However, the conflict between monarch and democrats continued, and on 6 August, Hohenzollern was occupied by Prussian forces. On 7 December, 1849, Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Konstantin sold the country to his relative, King Frederick William IV of Prussia. On 12 March 1850, Hohenzollern-Hechingen officially became part of Prussia. Hohenzollern-Hechingen and Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, which also became part of Prussia in 1850, were called the Hohenzollernsche Lande .



Something About Airplanes

Something About Airplanes is the debut album by Death Cab for Cutie. It was released in 1998 on Barsuk Records, and it was re-released for its tenth anniversary in 2008. Its re-release features the band performing live at the Crocodile Cafe in Seattle, Washington.

All songs written by Ben Gibbard except where noted.


Christoph Ahlhaus

Ahlhaus was born on 28 August 1969. He is married and studied law at the universities of Heidelberg, Munich and Berlin.

From 7 May 2008 to 24 August 2010 Ahlhaus was state minister of the Interior in Hamburg.

Government of Hamburg

The government of Hamburg is divided into executive, legislative and judicial branches.

There are two levels of government.

As a federal state the city wide administration has much more responsibility and scope than in ordinary cities.

The head of the city-wide and state administration is the First Mayor ("Erster Bürgermeister"). A ministry is called "Behörde" (office) and a state minister is a "Senator" in Hamburg.

The legislature is the state parliament, called "Hamburgische Bürgerschaft".

The judicial branch is composed of the state supreme court and other courts.

The seat of the government is Hamburg Rathaus.

There is a clear separation of powers.

The power to create, amend and ratify laws (legislature) is given to the parliament. A plebiscite and a referendum is possible due to the Constitution of Hamburg. In other German states the parliament is called "Landtag".

The parliament is among other things responsible for the law, the election of the "Erster Bürgermeister" (First Mayor) for the election period and the control of the Senate (cabinet). The parliament is a unicameral parliament (only has one chamber) and the 121 deputies are elected in universal, direct, free, equal and secret elections every four years.

The executive is the "Senat der Freien und Hansestadt Hamburg" (Senate of Hamburg or cabinet). Its purpose is to enforce the laws. The senate is responsible for the day-to-day management and head of this branch is the First Mayor. The senate represents Hamburg to the federal government and other states or countries.

The "Senat der Freien und Hansestadt Hamburg" is formed by the First Mayor of Hamburg, the Minister President and mayor of Hamburg. His deputy is the Second Mayor. The senate is permitted no more than 12 members by law. This law also regulates among other, pay, pensions, privilege to refuse to give evidence and the legal position of Hamburg judges. The senators get appointed by the First Mayor and thereafter they need to get confirmed by the Hamburg Parliament. The First Mayor forms the ministries, according to the coalition agreement of the ruling parties.

Until 1860 the government of Hamburg was called "Rath" or "Rat" (board/council), the members had been "Ratsherrn" (aldermen) and "Bürgermeister" (Burgomaster). After a change of the Constitution of Hamburg in 1861 the government was called "Hamburger Senat".

Prior to the first world war the two mayors were elected for one-year-terms. Until 1997 the First Mayor was Primus inter pares among his colleagues in the Senate, by whom he was elected. Since then, he has been elected by the parliament and been able appoint and to dismiss other Senators.

Interpreting the law (Judiciary) is task of the "Hamburgisches Verfassungsgericht" (Constitutional Court of Hamburg) and 17 more courts of Hamburg.

The supreme court has a president and 8 judges. The City Parliament elects the judges for 6 years and they only canget reelected once. The schedule of responsibilities is based on the constitution of Hamburg (Art. 65) and the "Gesetzes über das Hamburgische Verfassungsgericht" (Law of the Constitutional Court of Hamburg) (§ 14).

The professional judges of the other courts are appointed by the senate according to a nomination of a committee.

In 2011, there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state, the First mayor. A senator is the presiding minister for a "Behörde" (translated: 'government agency' meaning here is more ministry).
The State Chancellery () coordinates the senate and supports the mayor. The First Mayor is head in this agency. In 2011, the First Mayor of Hamburg is Olaf Scholz.
The ministry () is responsible for the school system in Hamburg.
Among others the is the oversight authority for the law enforcement agencies in Hamburg, the fire brigade, for disaster control and its units, the residents registration offices, the State Election Office and the Scientology Task Force (). In 2011, Michael Neumann (SDP) is the Minister of the Interior.


In 2011, head of the Ministry of Finance is Peter Tschenscher (CDU).

In 2011, Frank Horch (Independent) is head of the minitry.
The ministry () is in charge of the correctional facilities, the courts and the revision of the laws. In 2011, Jana Schiedek (SPD) is the Minister of Justice of Hamburg.
On May 7, 2008 the former Ministry of Culture was changed to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Media (), now among other responsible for tourism, the public record office of Hamburg, the office of the protection of historical monuments and the memorial site for the Neuengamme concentration camp. In 2005 the annual budget was €212.7 million.

Since law enforcement and police duties are partly in the responsibility of the German states, Hamburg has its own police force. This forces consists of the state police " Polizei Hamburg", the State Criminal Police Office (German: "Landeskriminalamt"), the Criminal Investigation Services ("Kriminalpolizei"), the Water Police ("Wasserschutzpolizei") controlling traffic in the port of Hamburg, the Reserve Police ("Bereitschaftspolizei"), the Special Weapons and Tactics Unit ("Spezialeinsatzkommando") and Mobile Surveillance Units ("Mobiles Einsatzkommando").

The State Office for the Protection of the Constitution ("Landesamt für den Verfassungsschutz") is Hamburg's domestic intelligence agency.

The Ministry of the Interior has the legal and technical oversight for the law enforcement agencies.

Elections for the state parliament of Hamburg are held every four years, combined with the elections of the diet of the boroughs ("Bezirksversammlungen"). The elections are regulated by law.

Main political parties in Hamburg are the Christian Democratic Union, the Social Democratic Party, Alliance '90/The Greens, The Left and as of 2008 not in the state parliament the Free Democratic Party.
The STATT party is a minor political party, which was founded in 1993. The party was elected to the Hamburg Parliament in the Hamburg state election, 1993. The governing SPD and the new STATT party formed a coalition to rule until 1997, when the party lost all seats.

A defunct party is Law and Order Offensive Party (Partei Rechtsstaatlicher Offensive - Offensive D). The party was in the Hamburg Parliament from 2001 until 2004, receiving 19.4% of votes.
The highest honour given by the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg is the honorary citizenship ("Ehrenbürgerrecht"). It is given by the senate, if the parliament confirmed the motion of the senate. The honorary citizenship is comparable to the honour Freedom of the City.

The "Golden Book" consists of the signatures of especially honoured guests of Hamburg. The book itself is a box with not fixed sheets. It is folded in golden leather and a gift of the family of the First Mayor Carl Friedrich Petersen (1809 – 1892). In 1937 the German leader Adolf Hitler signed the book before giving a public speech in Hamburg. During the denazification Hitler's sheet, as these from other Nazis, was removed from the book. The only signature remained is from Joseph Goebbels, because he wrote on the same sheet as the former German President Paul von Hindenburg. The Dalai Lama signed the Golden Book during his 5th visit in Hamburg in February 2007.
|-
Hamburg citizens were not allowed to receive decorations – only medals or medallions. This act was first enlawed for members of the senate and Hamburg's judges, later the act was false legally extended for all citizens by the Senate of Hamburg. The act originated from the Hamburg city law of the 13th century. One of the few "Hanseaten" – citizens of a Hanseatic city – who received decoration was Alwin Münchmeyer, an entrepreneur. Münchmeyer stated later, that this were his "falls of mankind". Even Helmut Schmidt – former Hamburg Senator of the Interior and German chancellor – declined several times to be awarded with the Federal Cross of Merit, stating he had been a Hamburg senator and according to the Hanseatic tradition not allowed to wear decorations.

In 1843 the Hamburg fire medal was awarded to the volunteers, who came to help during the great fire from 5 May until 8 May 1842. In total 4858 medals were awarded from the grateful Hamburg in distress to its friends, as the inscription states "Das Dankbare Hamburg Seinen Freunden In Der Noth".

During World War I (1914 – 1918) the Hanseatic Cross (German: "Hanseatenkreuz") was a decoration of the three Hanseatic Cities of Bremen, Hamburg and Lübeck, who were member states of the German Empire. Each city-state established its own version of the cross, but the design and award criteria were similar for each. There were approximately 50,000 awards of the Hanseatic Cross of Hamburg.

In 2007 the "Herbert Weichmann medallion" – named for the First Mayor Herbert Weichmann (in office 1965 – 1971) – was granted for the first time by the city of Hamburg, honoring "those - both Jewish and non-Jewish - who have contributed to Jewish life in Germany". First recipients were Paul Spiegel (posthumous), who was a member of the executive committee of the "Zentralrat der Juden", and Hinrich Reemtsma, whose foundation constributed €500,000 for the removal of the Jewish community centre in Hamburg.


https://www.homeworkjoy.com/


Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport

Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport , also known as Atlanta Airport, Hartsfield Airport, and Hartsfield–Jackson, is a public airport in Atlanta, Georgia. It is the world's busiest airport by number of passengers and number of landings and take-offs since 2005. It serves 89 million passengers per year. The airport is the main hub of AirTran Airways, Delta Air Lines, and ExpressJet. The Delta hub is the world's largest airline hub. Delta Air Lines flew most (59%) of passengers from the airport in February 2011. The airport has 199 gates. It has both domestic and international gates.

Hartsfield–Jackson was still the world's busiest airport in 2010. It had an average of 243,000 passengers each day. It also had a total of 950,119 flights. Many of the flights are flights inside the United States. Atlanta is a major hub for travel throughout the Southeastern United States.

Hartsfield–Jackson International Airport has international service to North America, South America, Central America, Europe, Asia, and Africa. The airport is located mostly in unincorporated areas in Fulton and Clayton counties. The city limits of Atlanta, College Park, and Hapeville end at the airport grounds.

Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport hosts the following airlines:


Serum amyloid A

Serum amyloid A (SAA) is a group of proteins which flow in the blood. They are related to "good cholesterol". Almost all animals have SAA's. SAA's are made in and controlled by the liver. They move cholesterol to the liver. SAAs increase during inflammation. Doctors and scientists think that SAAs may be part of amyloidosis, heart disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.

Carlos Andrés Pérez

Carlos Andrés Pérez Rodríguez (October 27, 1922 – December 25, 2010) was a president of Venezuela. He was born in 1922, served twice as president in the early 1990s, and died in 2010.

Pérez was born on 27 October 1922 in Rubio, Venezuela. He went to school in Caracas, where he studied law. In 1948, he married Blanca Rodríguez, one of his cousins. During the same year, because he opposed a coup d'état, he was put in prison, but got out and left Venezuela. In 1958, Venezuala became a democracy, and Pérez became a part of the government led by Rómulo Betancourt.

In 1973, Pérez became president of Venezuala. He left office in 1979, and soon after, Venezuala's economy went through a low period. In 1989, Pérez became president again. Soon after, he made government spending much smaller and made prices of goods like gasoline higher. There were many riots because of this.

In 1992, there were two coups that tried but failed to remove Pérez from being president. In 1993, though, he was impeached because he was thought to have paid for bodyguards for Violeta Chamorro, who was a former president of Nicaragua. He went to prison after this for ten weeks. After prison he was put in house arrest for two years.

After Hugo Chávez became president of Venezuala in 1998, Pérez went to the Dominican Republic. In 2003, he moved again, this time to the United States. While he was in the US, people in Venezuala tried to force him to return because he was wanted in connection with the riots his laws caused in 1989. He also married Cecilia Matos during this time.

He died on 25 December 2010 in Miami at the age of 88. María Francia Pérez, his daughter, said that he had died of a heart attack.

Naruto Uzumaki

Naruto Uzumaki ("うずまきナルト", "Uzumaki Naruto") is the protagonist of the anime and manga franchise "Naruto" made by Masashi Kishimoto. At the start, he is a ninja student who lives in the village of Kohoha. The others in the town do not like him because he has the soul of the Fox Demon Kusama sealed inside him, but Naruto wants to become the town's leader. During his studies, Naruto learns many jutsu (techniques), including a Shadow Clone jutsu which he excels at also a jutsu taught by his sensei Master Jiraiya the Rasengan. His energetic personality lets him make friends with many people, including his friend and rival Sasuke. 

In every official "Weekly Shōnen Jump" popularity poll of the series, Naruto ranks in the top five characters. From the beginning of 2012, he has been in first place twice. Naruto was placed sixth in IGN's Top 25 Anime Characters of All Time.

Masashi Kishimoto

Masashi Kishimoto (, "Kishimoto Masashi") (born 8 November 1974) is a Japanese manga artist. He is best known for creating the manga series "Naruto". He has been drawing from a very early age. Osamu Kajisa ("Tattoo Hearts") and Yuuichi Itakura ("Hand's") served as his assistants. Kishimoto was born in Okayama Prefecture, Japan. His brother is Seishi Kishimoto.

Light clock

The light clock is a simple way of showing a basic feature of Special relativity. A clock is designed to work by bouncing a flash of light off a distant mirror and using its return to trigger another flash of light, meanwhile counting how many flashes have occurred along the way. It is easy to show that people on Earth watching a spaceship fly overhead with such a clock would see it ticking relatively slowly. This effect is called time dilation.

Before we study the light clock, consider another kind of relativity. Imagine that someone is dribbling a basketball in the hold of a large cargo jet. The basketball player is moving in the same direction as the jet airplane. The other people in the plane see him moving a meter or two as he makes one dribble. Between the time the ball bounces the first time and the ball bounces the second time, about one second has passed. But when the first bounce occurred the basketball was over Gibraltar, and when the second bounce occurred the basketball was over the water nearer to Spain. So the basketball has moved 280 meters with respect to Earth. 

Now consider a somewhat similar question of relative motion. This time we are going to consider what people looking at stars from the North Pole see when a very fast spaceship flies over them. We can use algebra and the Pythagorean theorem to calculate how much time slows on the spaceship. The only other thing we need is the equation that relates distance, d, rate or speed of travel, r, and time, t. The equation is:

d = rt

The speed of light is constant, so we will apply this value to two problems. We will call the speed of light c, as this is the letter scientists usually use to name it.

A clock is made by putting a light output at the bottom of a long pole, a mirror on top of the pole, and an electronic light detector down at the bottom of the pole. The clock is started by briefly closing a switch that sends one blink of light from the bottom of the pole to the top of the pole where it is reflected back to the bottom of the pole. When the light detector at the bottom of the pole sees the blink of light it does two things. It adds one to the counter that is attached to it, and it fires another blink of light up to the mirror. When that blink of light gets back to the bottom, the count changes to two, and another blink of light is set off. Since light travels very rapidly (300,000 kilometers/second), for each second measured by an ordinary clock the light clock will "tick" a very large number of times. 

To make the math easier, we will say that the pole is one half kilometer long. So if we are standing by the light clock that is built next to the big telescope at the North Pole, we will see that light travels one kilometer for each "tick" of the light clock. Since distance traveled, d, equals speed multiplied by time, and the speed involved is c, we have the equation:

d = ct

and we can solve this equation for t to learn how long in seconds each "tick" is.

1 km = 300,000 km/second * t seconds

t seconds = 1 km/300,000 (km/second) = 1/300,000 seconds = 0.00000333…3 seconds

In other words, each "tick" of the light clock will take 0.00000333…3 seconds.

If a spaceship were flying on a straight line passing over the North Pole at a large fraction of the speed of light, and it had a similar clock, people watching its passage would see that the mirror on top of the pole had moved from directly over the emitting light, so the light would travel along the line marked h in the diagram, and then it would follow the other hypotenuse back down to the base of the pole -- which would by now have moved some distance since the spaceship is moving so fast. We can figure out how much time one tick would take according to the people on Earth. We know that the spaceship's pole has a length of a since it is the same kind of clock as people are using at the North Pole. We want to figure out t' , the time it takes to make one tick of the clock on the spaceship.

We know that the spaceship will travel 1/2 r t' while the blink of light is heading up toward the mirror, and another 1/2 r t' while the blink of light is heading down toward the base of the pole. So that calculation gives us the length of line b in the chart. We know a, so we can figure out h by the Pythagorean theorem:

h = √(a + (rt' /2))

So the total distance the light travels is 2 h or d = 2 √(a + (rt' /2))

We also know that the speed of light, c, is constant. No matter who measures it, it turns out to be the same speed. So we can use that fact to get another way of calculating how long it takes for the flash of light to go from the base to the top of the pole and back again:

t' = d/c

In other words, d = c t' .

So we can write

c t' = 2 √(a + (rt' /2))

or

1/2 c t' = √(a + (rt' /2))

To solve the above equation, we will need to:

Solving the above equation we find that:

t' = 2a/(c√(1-r/c)

The time between ticks on the clock at the North Pole is 2a/c, so we can then write:

t' = t/√(1-r/c)

If t = 1 second, then if the spaceship is traveling at one half the speed of light, t' = 1.1547 sec.

Experiment with various speeds of travel at: http://www.1728.org/reltivty.htm

"Space and Time in Special Relativity," N. David Mermin, pp. 33-41.McGraw-Hill, 1968.

Scottie Upshall

Scott "Scottie" Upshall (born October 7, 1983 in Fort McMurray, Alberta) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger for the Arizona Coyotes. He also played for the St. Louis Blues, FLorida Panthers, Columbus Blue Jackets, and Nashville PredatorsHe was picked by the Nashville Predators with the sixth overall pick in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. He played in the WHL with the Kamloops Blazers. Upshall has also played with the Nashville Predators for 4 seasons and the Philadelphia Flyers for 3 seasons before being traded to the Phoenix Coyotes on March 4, 2009 for Daniel Carcillo.


Scottie Upshall's NHL Player Page

RC Cola

RC Cola or (Royal Crown Cola) is a soft drink (soda) similar to Coca Cola in its color. Each can of RC Cola contains 160 calories. RC Cola is manufactured by Cott Beverages and the Dr Pepper Snapple Group.

RC Cola was invented by Claude A. Hatcher, a pharmacist of the state of Georgia, in 1905. RC Cola was the first soda to be sold in a aluminum can. The first diet soda ever sold was introduced by the company in 1958 and was called Diet Rite. 

The company sells all sorts of flavors of RC Cola such as:



Tara Reid

Tara Donna Reid (born November 8, 1975 in Wyckoff, New Jersey) is an American actress. She made her movie debut in the 1987 horror movie "A Return to Salem's Lot". She had a recurring role on the television show, "Scrubs" as Danni Sullivan. She is best known for her role as Victoria 'Vicky' Lathum in the American Pie movie series.

From August 18 - September 2, 2011, she was a housemate in Celebrity Big Brother UK.


Exit (command)

codice_1 is a command on the terminal in many operating systems and scripting languages. It is used to stop all processes that are running in the terminal and close the terminal window. This is also the command to use to safely end all processes in the terminal.

Using this command will log the user out of his/her session in the terminal. Many scripting languages, like Perl and PHP uses this command.

Dave Freudenthal

David Duane "Dave" Freudenthal (born October 12, 1950 in Thermopolis, Wyoming) is an American politician. He was the 31st Governor of Wyoming. Freudenthal was re-elected to his second term on November 7, 2006, and announced on March 4, 2010, that he would not attempt to seek a third term as Governor of Wyoming.

Freudenthal is married to Nancy D. Freudenthal who currently serves as a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Wyoming and they have four children: Donald, Hillary, Bret and Katie.

Knothead and Splinter

Knothead and Splinter are the nephew and niece of Woody Woodpecker. They first appeared in the cartoon "Get Lost!." Originally Knothead and Splinter were Woody's nephews in the New Funnies comic books. Knothead was Nuthead and Splinter was a boy. But in 1949, Nuthead was turned into Knothead and Splinter was a girl. In the late 1950's Knothead and Splinter appeared in both animated cartoons and comic books. They were both voiced by June Foray. Woody was voiced by Grace Stafford/Lantz/Lanza. Knothead and Splinter had rivals such as Heckle and Jeckle, Chip N' Dale and the Goofy Gophers during their time. They also appeared in The New Woody Woodpecker Show.

In Get Lost!, Knothead and Splinter outwit a dimwitted cat voiced by Don Messick.

Sun Records

Sun Records is a record label started on March 27, 1952 by Sam Phillips. It is in Memphis, Tennessee. It is where singers like Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins started their singing careers. It is a rhythm and blues label. Today, it is a historical museum. 

Lenape

The Lenape, Lenappe, Lenapi or Lenni Lenape (meaning ""the people"" or ""true people"") are a group of several bands of Native American people who share cultural and linguistic traits. They are also known as the Delaware Indians. They spoke two similar languages known as the Delaware languages: "Unami" and "Munsee". The three subtribes of the Lenape are Munsee, Unami and Unalachtigo. They lived in different regions in Pennsylvania. 

The Lenape lived in the part of the Northeast Woodlands called Lenapehoking, roughly the area around and between the Delaware and lower Hudson Rivers. These areas are known today as the U.S. states of New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania around the Delaware and Lehigh valleys. They also lived on the north shore of Delaware and much of southeastern New York, mostly the lower Hudson Valley and Upper New York Bay. Nowadays most live in Oklahoma, Wisconsin and Ontario.

Guilder

Guilder is the English translation of the Dutch gulden, meaning "golden". The guilder used to be a gold coin, but has been a used for silver or metal coins for some centuries. The name is also called florin. The guilder was used most in the Netherlands (as the Dutch guilder), until it was replaced by the euro on 1 January 2002. The Netherlands Antillean guilder is currently the only guilder officially in use, though the Netherlands no longer accepts the currency in their banks.

International Institute of Social History

The International Institute of Social History (Dutch: "Internationaal Instituut voor Sociale Geschiedenis"; abbreviation: "IISG") is a historical research institute in Amsterdam. It was founded in 1935 by Nicolaas Posthumus. It has collections of the most works and manuscripts by socialist including Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels and Rosa Luxemburg. It is now part of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.


Fenghuang

Fenghuang (Chinese: 鳳凰; Pinyin: Fènghuáng; is the name of two Chinese mythological birds, that were central figures in ancient Chinese cosmology. Sometimes called the Chinese Phoenix, the Fenghuang is a symbol of summer and spiritual balance, and along with the dragon, qilin and tortoise, is one of the most highly revered creatures in Chinese tradition. Its appearance is said to indicate some great event, or to bear testimony to the greatness of a ruler.

Chinese mythology

Chinese mythology is a set of stories, beliefs, and gods originating from Ancient China.

Myths in China vary from culture to culture, the most common myths come from the Han culture. The current Chinese government recognizes fifty-six ethnic groups. Each group has their own language and mythology.

Chaos is a term used in several Chinese creation myths. This term is used to describe what existed before the Earth and heavens. Every myth has a different description of Chaos and what came after.

One creation myth places the universe beginning as an egg. Henok was born in the middle of this egg, known as the Cosmic Egg. Within the egg, grew 10 feet everyday for 18,000years. His body began to turn into different parts of the visible universe. His right eye becoming the Moon, and his left the Sun. People were finally created when the wind touched the bugs on his skin. This myth is the last and largest account of the creation from a lost text titled "Historical Records 
of the Three Sovereign Divinities and the Five Gods".

Nü Gua is a goddess in another creation myth where the commoners, or peasants, were created by her dragging a cord through the mud. The rich and powerful people were created from yellow clay molded like an artist with statues.

Another creation myth takes place in the land of Hun-Tun, Chinese for "Center" or "Chaos"; the meeting place of Hu, the emperor of the Northern Sea, and Shu, the emperor of the Southern Sea. Hun-Tun lacked the ability to eat, see, hear, or breathe. To repay the kindness of Hun-Tun, Hu and Shu gave him the necessary bodily holes for eating, seeing, hearing, and breathing. The world began after seven days, one for each hole, following the death of Hun-Tun.

The three religions of China had great influence over the government and people of Ancient China.

Buddhism originated in India as a belief of rebirth or reincarnation. Being would be reborn in different forms based on the lessons they learned while alive. In order to escape the endless cycle, one must reach Nirvana or enlightenment. Reaching Nirvana is the ultimate goal of a Buddhist.

Buddhism is believed to be responsible for bringing the concept of hell to Taoism. Hell is a place where individuals must complete tasks to repay for the sins committed during their lifetime.

In the philosophy or religion of Confucianism, everyone must live a moral and humane life. It is essential for every person in a society to know their place in the world; be it Father, Ruler, Wife, etc.

The way of life differs almost completely from Taoism. In Confucianism, the way of life can be known and should be done scientifically. Where as Taoism's way of life can never be known in its entirety. However, ideas of tradition and the honoring of tradition did not differ completely, therefore both religions easily coexisted.

Also known as Waeism, Taoism is a school of thought or religion. Taoism is credited with advancements in medicine and alchemy as the Taoist priests were responsible for healing people.

The Wae is an idea which existed before and after creation. The Wae cannot be seen or heard. A persons ultimate goal is to return to the Wae. It is known as the beginning and the end to Taoists.

Animism is the personification of natural forces as gods.


In Taoist stories, there are said to be trillions of people who came to live forever because they knew Taoism. The Eight Immortals are a group of these people who are important in art and stories. Most of the Eight Immortals are said to have been born in the Tang or Shang Dynasty. The Eight Immortals are:

The dragon is included in most Chinese myths as a symbol of strength, goodness, and the spirit of change. In ancient China, the original Dragon flew by magic instead of wings and had the body of a snake with the head of a horse. In the center of its forehead was a pearl.

The Buddhists are credited with making the dragon an evil creature. They were said to be filled with evil spirits.

The original story of the Chinese dragon has changed over time. The original dragon was a water god. The later myths told, had two types of dragons. The first were the old, friendly dragons. The second type were the evil winged dragons as originally told by the Buddhists.



Special Cases

"Special Cases" is a song on English trip-hop band Massive Attack's fourth full-length album, "100th Window". It was released as the first single from this album on 24 February 2003, reaching #15 in the UK Singles Chart. Having Sinéad O'Connor on vocals, it was for many fans of the band their first exposure to the new album.

In addition to a radio edit of the original song, the single release contains a remix by Canadian electronica artist Akufen, as well as "I Against I", a song performed with Mos Def that appeared on the soundtrack of the 2002 film "Blade II". 12" vinyl releases contained more remixes of "Special Cases" by Vladislav Delay, who is credited as "Luomo" for this release.

The song was also made into two separate videos. The Enhanced CD contains one of these, and the other video is on a rare DVD release of the single.





Ice lolly

An ice lolly, ice lollipop, lolly ice or ice pop, is a frozen snack of flavoured ice. It is made by freezing flavoured liquid (such as fruit juice) or cream around a wooden stick. Once the liquid freezes solid, the stick can be used as a handle to hold the ice pop. In the United States, the snack is also referred to as a popsicle after the brand.

In the city of Liverpool, UK, the term ‘Lolly Ice’ is used, for reasons unclear. This is specific to Liverpool; the remainder of the UK use the term ‘Ice Lolly’.

The term ice lolly is used primarily in the United Kingdom, with variations used in other English-speaking countries. In the United States and Canada, the same frozen snack is often termed a 'popsicle' or 'ice pop'. The term has also been used as branding for the tourism website Ice Lolly.

Nissan Micra

The Nissan Micra is a subcompact car produced by Nissan Motor Company since 1982. It entered its second generation in 1992, then its third generation in 2002, and its fourth generation in 2010. It can have three or five doors and three or four cylinder engines. The Micra is called the March in some countries including Japan. 

Newt Gingrich

Newton Leroy "Newt" Gingrich (born June 17, 1943 as Newton Leroy McPherson) is an American politician from Georgia. He is credited with bringing about the Republican Revolution in the 1994 United States House of Representatives elections, which gave the Republican Party control of the United States House of Representatives for the first time since the 1952 United States House of Representatives elections.

He was born Newton Leroy McPherson in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was adopted by his stepfather. 

Gingrich began his political career in 1974 when he ran for the United States House of Representatives from Georgia's 6th congressional district. He ran against incumbent John Flynt, a segregationist Democrat who had represented Georgia's 6 since 1965. Flynt had not faced any serious challenge to his seat in the past, and Gingrich struggled to pull together a grassroots movement against Flynt. Despite the 1974 United States elections being a bad year for Republicans nationally due to the Watergate scandal, Gingrich only narrowly lost to Flynt by 2.9 points.

Despite his previoust defeat, Gingrich ran against Flynt again in 1976. Flynt was expected to do well given that Jimmy Carter, a favorite son and Georgia Democrat, leading the ticket as the Democratic Party's presidential nominee. Despite this, Gingrich only narrowly lost again by only 3.4 points.

In 1978, Flynt decided to retire and did not run for reelection. Gingrich launched a third consecutive campaign, although he did face a primary challenge from other Georgia Republicans. After winning the Republican primary, he faced Democrat Virginia Shapard. He managed to use ads about Shapard's previous record on in the Georgia State Senate to paint Shapard as a liar. This strategy proved successful, with Gingrich winning 54.4% of the vote.

Gingrich entered the House of Representatives on January 3, 1979.

He is also an author, professor, and a historian. Since quitting the House, Gingrich has become a political analyst, or someone who talks about current issues on television, radio, or in a newspaper. Gingrich has been a Fox News Network political analyst until his presidential campaign in 1988. He then joined the Cable News Network (CNN) as a political analyst after the campaign ended. He also cohosted Crossfire on CNN.

In 2000, he married Callista Bisek.

In the 2012 United States presidential election, Gingrich launched a presidential campaign for the Republican nomination. Gingrich announced that he was going to suspend his campaign on April 25, 2012, and officially did so on May 2, 2012. Gingrich endorsed eventual Republican nominee Mitt Romney, though he continued to claim that Romney was a liar.

Gingrich has supported Donald Trump's allegations of voter fraud in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Woody Woodpecker

Wooddrow "Woody "Woodpecker is an animated cartoon character, an anthropomorphic woodpecker who appeared in theatrical short movies produced by Walter Lantz, and distributed by Universal Pictures.

Woody Woodpecker cartoon was created in 1940 by Ben "Bugs" Hardaway. He also created the cartoon characters of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck when he worked at the Schlesinger/Warner Bros. studio in the late 1930s.

His niece and nephew are Knothead and Splinter. His girlfriend is Winnie Woodpecker. In "The New Woody Woodpecker Show", Winnie is voiced by B. J. Ward.


Little Nicky

Little Nicky is a 2000 American fantasy comedy movie that was produced by Jack Giarraputo and Robert Simonds and was directed by Steven Brill. It stars Adam Sandler and is set in New York City.


Other than the cast there was also a lot of cameos in the movie:

"Little Nicky" gained mainly negative reviews:



Declaration of Rights and Grievances

The Declaration of Rights and Grievances was a document that made it official that taxes forced on British colonists without their formal consent were not lawful. This was especially for the Stamp Act, which required that documents, newspapers, and playing cards were to be printed on special stamped and taxed paper. 

Peter Stuyvesant

Peter Stuyvesant (c. 1612 – August 1672), served as the last Dutch Director-General of the colony New Netherland (known today as New York City) from 1647 to 1664, when the English took control of the island. He was born in Peperga. He is a major figure in the early history of New York City. In Brooklyn, there are neighborhoods and streets named after him, such as named after him called Stuyvesant Heights and Bedford-Stuyvesant (often shortened to Bedstuy).

Daydreaming (song)

Daydreaming is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack with Shara Nelson. It was released in 1990. It was released as a single in October 1990, six months before before it was released in the album "Blue Lines".

New York Harbor

The New York Harbor refers to waterways of the estuary near the mouth of the Hudson River that empty into New York Bay and port in New York City and New Jersey. The term is used to refer to the Upper New York Bay. The main port facilities are in Elizabeth, New Jersey and Newark, New Jersey. "New York harbor" sometimes refers to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the port district for New York metropolitan area, under the jurisdiction of the Port Authority.

Fort Amsterdam

Fort Amsterdam (later called Fort James, Fort Willem Hendrick, Fort James (again), Fort William, Fort Anne and Fort George between British and Dutch rule) was a fort on the southern tip of modern-day Manhattan that was the administrative headquarters for the Dutch and then British rule of New York from 1625 to 1790, when it was torn down after the American Revolution.

The Narrows

The Narrows is the tidal strait splitting up the New York City boroughs of Staten Island and Brooklyn. It connects the Upper and Lower New York Bay and makes the channel where the Hudson River can empty into the Atlantic Ocean. It is believed that the Narrows were most likely formed after deposition of the Harbor Hill Moraine about 18,000 years ago just before to the end of the last ice age. Staten Island and Brooklyn used to be connected and the Hudson River emptied into the ocean through the Raritan River and taking course through present day northern New Jersey. A build up of water in the Upper Bay allowed the river to break through to form the Narrows less than 12,000 to 13,000 years ago as it exists today.

The first recorded European entrance into the Narrows was in 1524 by Florentine explorer Giovanni da Verrazzano, who set anchor in the strait and was greeted by a group of Lenape in canoes. A 1964 bridge across the Narrows was named for him.

Splitting the Atom

Splitting the Atom is an EP by Massive Attack. It was released in October 2009 to download. Only 1,000 copies were released on vinyl. 

Butterfly Caught

"Butterfly Caught" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in June 2003. The song was written by Neil Davidge and Robert Del Naja.

Unfinished Sympathy

"Unfinished Sympathy" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1991. 

Governors Island

Governors Island is a 172-acre (70 ha) island that lies on the Upper New York Bay, about one-half mile (1 km) from the southern tip of Manhattan Island and away from Brooklyn by Buttermilk Channel. It is legally part of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. 

Governors Island was a military base for over three hundred years. Fort Jay is the largest fort there. The island was made bigger by about 82 acres (33 ha) of landfill on its southern side when the first New York City Subway was excavated in the early 20th century.

Yamanashi Prefecture

During the Heian period, Kai Province was created in this area and it was re-named Yamanashi in the Meiji period.


The borders of Yamanashi Prefecture are formed by Tokyo Metropolis, Kanagawa Prefecture, Saitama Prefecture, Shizuoka Prefecture, and Nagano Prefecture.

The prefecture is landlocked with mountains surrounding the central Kōfu Basin.

Mount Fuji is on the southern border with Shizuoka.

Towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 27% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Asama jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 

Takeda jinja is related to "Takeda Shingen".



Remagen

Remagen is a town in Germany in Rhineland-Palatinate, in the district of Ahrweiler. It is about a one hour drive from Cologne , just south of Bonn, the former capital of West Germany. It is on the River Rhine. There is a ferry across the Rhine from Remagen every 10–15 minutes in the summer. Remagen has many historic buildings, churches, castles and monuments. Cars are banned from the big pedestrian zone which has plenty of shops.

Overlooking the west bank of the Rhine just north of the city centre is a church called the "Apollinariskirche". It has an observation deck that is only open to parishioners on Sundays. Walkers reach the church via a dirt track that passes a series of roadside monuments. One for each of the fourteen Stations of the Cross. The church grounds contain an outdoor crypt and an abbey. Further down the river is one of the many castles along the River Rhine, perched even higher than the Apollinariskirche.

The Roman Empire built a border fort at Rigomagus (or Ricomagus), west of the Rhine. This was about 12 miles north of the site of the first bridge ever built across the Rhine (at Neuwied).

The fort was one of several built by Drusus, commander of the Roman army along the Rhine. The gateway still survives and is a popular tourist attraction.

Local legend says that a ship carrying various relics from Milan to Cologne was stopped in the river in 1164, unable to move despite the strong current, until it mysteriously edged in toward the shore. The remains of St Apollinaris were put ashore, and the ship was then able to sail onward. These remains were buried in a chapel which had been part of the Roman fort, which became the basis for a church which bore his name, and was rebuilt several times over the years.

In 1945 the U.S. built one of the many enclosures on the west bank of the Rhine–the so called Rheinwiesenlager– close to Remagen. The camps were used by the Allies to house captured Germans, often under very poor conditions. Several thousand prisoners are estimated to have died in the various camps, including 1,212 who are now buried in the Bad Bodendorf Cemetery. They were deprived of the legal protection that the Geneva Convention provides prisoners of war by being called Disarmed Enemy Forces. The International Red Cross was not permitted to investigate conditions in the camps.

The Apollinariskirche was built 1839-1842 on the site of the medieval Martinskirche. The frescos on the inside of the neo-Gothic church were painted by members of the artists group called the "Nazarenes". Three cycles show the life of Jesus, the life of Mary, and the history of Saint Apollinaris, legendary Bishop of Ravenna. In the crypt is a silver bust of the saint, which is raised from the sarcophagus every year at the pilgrimage time at the end of July. From the statue of Saint Francis of Assisi on top of the church, there is a lovely view of Remagen and the romantic Rhine Valley.

Remagen Railway Bridge was the first bridge across the Rhine captured in World War II
The museum is housed in the towers of the famous bridge built between 1916 and 1918. It opened in 1980 and tells the story of the bridge and the prison camp, "Golden Mile."

The historic railway station at Rolandseck now houses a museum devoted to the work of Hans Arp. The 19th century railway station was transformed into a cultural venue for all the arts. Johannes Brahms, Clara Schumann and Franz Liszt gave concerts there. The young poet Guillaume Apollinaire even fell in love there. The building was almost destroyed after World War II, but in 1964 the Bonn art dealer Johannes Wasmuth brought it back to life. Musicians such as Martha Argerich, Stefan Askenase, and Yehudi Menuhin, artists such as Hans Arp, Oskar Kokoschka and Günther Uecker, and performers such as Marcel Marceau have all appeared there.


Françoise Madeleine d'Orléans

Françoise Madeleine d'Orléans (13 October 1648 – 14 January 1664) was born at the Château de Saint Germain en Laye and was the youngest surviving daughter of Gaston of Orléans and his second wife Marguerite of Lorraine. From birth, she was styled "Mademoiselle de Valois". She was the favourite sister of "La Grande Mademoiselle". She grew up in the company of her sisters at the Château de Blois. Under the influence of her paternal aunt Christine, Dowager Duchess of Savoy, she was engaged to her first cousin Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy. 

Orléans married the Duke of Savoy by proxy at the Palais du Louvre on 4 March 1663. The couple met for the first time at Annecy on 3 April 1663 where they were married officially. The homesick princess soon died at the Royal Palace of Turin childless at the age of 15. She was buried at Turin Cathedral where she rests today. Her husband married again to Marie Jeanne of Savoy by whom he had a son.


Avi Cohen

Avaraham "Avi" Cohen (; November 14, 1956 - December 29, 2010) was an Israeli footballer. Born in Cairo, he joined the Maccabi Tel Aviv football club in 1975 and within a year was playing for the Israel national football team. He joined Liverpool F.C. in 1979 and played 24 games for them. He went back to Israel but returned to Britain to play 15 games with Rangers. He retired from playing in 1990 and became the chairman of the Israel Professional Footballers Association. He was also a football manager.

Cohen died from head injuries in 2010 after his motorbike was hit by a car in Tel Aviv. He was not wearing a proper helmet, which also was not buckled up, when he was hit.

Park County, Wyoming

Park County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It was created on February 15, 1909. As of 2020, 29,624 people lived there. Park County's seat is Cody.






Elizabeth Charlotte, Madame Palatine

Princess Elisabeth Charlotte (; known as Liselotte von der Pfalz, 27 May 1652 – 8 December 1722), was a German princess and the wife of Philippe of France, Duke of Orléans, younger brother of Louis XIV. She is best known for her vast correspondence detailing the court of her brother in law. She was referred to at court as simply "Madame", as well as "La Palatine" and the "Princess Palatine" ("Princesse Palatine")

Elisabeth Charlotte was born at the Heidelberg Castle as the only daughter of Charles I Louis, Elector Palatine and Charlotte of Hesse-Kassel. In childhood she was known as "Liselotte". She grew up at the court of her aunt and would remain in contact with her aunt all her life.

On 16 November 1671, she was married by proxy at Metz. In order to marry she had to convert to Roman Catholicism. Elisabeth Charlotte would be very close to her two stepdaughters Marie Louise and Anne Marie. Her husband was gay but the couple still had three children but one died in infancy. After the birth of their daughter Élisabeth Charlotte, the couple mutually agreed to cease conjugal relations. Philippe turned to his lovers, and Elisabeth Charlotte to her writing.

After her husband's death, Elisabeth Charlotte feared that the king would send her to a convent but he insisted she stay at Versailles. Elisabeth Charlotte died at the age of seventy on 8 December 1722 at Saint-Cloud. She was buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis. 




Bunyaviridae

Bunyaviridae is a family of negative-stranded RNA viruses. Though generally found in arthropods or rodents, certain viruses in this family occasionally infect humans. Some of them also infect plants.

Takahē

The takahē or South Island takahē ("Porphyrio hochstetteri") is a bird. It lives in South Island, New Zealand. There are two species, and they are commonly called "rails". Its family is the Rallidae. It is the largest living rail species in the world. The two species are also known as notornis.

The takahe cannot fly.

Adults are 2.3 – 3.8 kg. They have red legs and a red beak. Their feathers are different shades of blue and green: dark blue on the head and neck, lighter blue on the shoulders. The feathers on the wings and back can be iridescent. Takahē cannot fly, so they were hunted extensively by the Māori.

Takahē live in grassy places. They eat the starchy parts of grassy plants: tussock and sedge plants. In the winter, they go to the forests and look for food there.

Wild takahē can live for 16-18 years, and a little longer in zoos.

For a long time, people thought this bird was extinct. In 1948, Geoffrey Orbell found some takahē in the Murchison Mountains in Fiordland. Humans started raising the chicks and then letting them go in good places. 

Animals that humans brought to New Zealand eat this bird. For example, humans brought stoats to New Zealand, and they eat eggs, chicks, and larger birds. Human beings also change the places where they like to live.

The North Island takahē is extinct.

Salvador Jorge Blanco

José Salvador Omar Jorge Blanco, (5 July 1926 - 26 December 2010) was the 41st President of the Dominican Republic. He was the first Dominican president to be charged with corruption.

Blanco was born in Santiago de los Caballeros and studied law at the University of Santa Dominigo. He went into politics in the 1960's after the dictator Rafael Leónidas Trujillo was murdered. He joined a social democratic party, the Partido Revolucionario Dominicano (PRD). Blanco became leader of the party and won the 1982 presidential election.

At the same time Blanco became president, the world price on sugar dropped. The economy of the Dominican Republic was in a financial crisis as the government was spending far more than the country could afford and was three billion dollars in debt. The International Money Fund demanded cuts to spending. There were protests and riots. Blanco sent in the army to crush the protests: more than 100 people were killed, 500 wounded and thousands were put in prison. It was claimed that Blanco and other members of the government were making a lot of money through corrupt dealings with the army and military contracts.

Blanco did not stand in the 1986 election, and the new government put him on trial for corruption. He tried to gain asylum from Venezuela, but they said no. He was permitted to go the United States for medical treatment for a heart condition. While he was in the US he was found guilty of corruption and sentenced to prison for 23 years. There were many legal challenges, and he finally only spent two months in prison. In 2001 the Supreme Court ruled that the corruption charges were not true.

He died in 2010 from a heart attack after falling out of bed and hitting his head.

Investigator

Investigator may refer to:



Atticus Finch

Atticus Finch is a fictional (not real) character in Harper Lee's book "To Kill a Mockingbird". Atticus is an American lawyer who lives in Alabama. He is the father of Jeremy Atticus "Jem" Finch and Jean Louise "Scout" Finch. Atticus is an important character in the book.

In "To Kill a Mockingbird ", Atticus is shown as a good character, trying to live in the way he thinks a lawyer and human being should. He is very honest, thoughtful, and helps good causes (even when he knows that they will fail). He tries hard to teach his children to be kind, fair, and giving. His children later find out that he was an expert at shooting, but had not told them because he did not want them to think he was violent. He is described in the book as a tall, middle-aged man with glasses and hair that is going a little gray.

Alice Petry said that Atticus has "become something of a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were an actual person." Examples of Atticus Finch's impact on the legal profession are plentiful. Morris Dees says that Atticus Finch was the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch said that Atticus influenced him greatly. Some people, however, criticize Atticus, saying that he does not use his legal skills to change the racism in his town.

Ronald and Richard Herrick

Ronald Lee Herrick (15 June 1931 - 29 December 2010) was the world's first organ donor. On December 23, 1954, Herrick had one of his kidneys removed and transplanted into his identical twin brother, Richard J. Herrick (15 June 1931 - 14 March 1963). Richard was dying from chronic nephritis, a kidney disease. This made Richard the first successful recipient of a human organ transplant. The operation was performed by Dr. Joseph Murray at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston. Murray later won the 1990 Nobel Prize in Medicine for his transplant work.

Richard lived for a further eight years, while Ronald worked as a teacher and farmer. Ronald died in 2010 after complications from heart surgery. Since the 1954 operation more than 450,000 kidney transplants have been done in the US.

IU (singer)

Lee Ji-eun (born on May 16, 1993), is a South Korean singer. She goes by the stage name IU. She is working in Loen Entertainment, a record label in Korea and she has won the Best New Artist Award in 2010. She is known for becoming a singer at a young age, with her first album when she was 15.

Charles, Duke of Berry

Charles of France, Duke of Berry, (31 July 1686 – 5 May 1714) was a grandson of Louis XIV of France. The Duke of Berry was seven years heir presumptive to the throne of Spain (1700–1707) when his brother Philip V of Spain was childless.

Born at the Palace of Versailles, Charles was the youngest son of Louis, Dauphin of France, ""le Grand Dauphin"", and of Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria. 

The Duchess of Orléans proposed he marry her daughter Marie Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans. All agreed, the marriage with Marie Louise Élisabeth took place on 6 July 1710. It was an unhappy marriage, and after a miscarriage which ended her first pregnancy, Marie Louise Élisabeth never gave birth to a child that lived for more than a few days. Once a widow, Madame de Berry became ill-famous for her debauched lifeways. She hid several pregnancies and died at 23 a few weeks after suffering a harrowing clandestine childbirth. Elisabeth Charlotte, Duchess Dowager of Orléans and the grandmother of Berry's wife, nicknamed him ""Berry-Bon Cœur"" ("Berry Good Heart"). 



Nintendo DSi XL

The Nintendo DSi XL (called Nintendo DSi LL in Japan) is a handheld game console made and manufactured by Nintendo. It is the fourth and final model in the Nintendo DS family. It is a bigger version of the Nintendo DSi and the biggest, heaviest, and brightest of the four models. It has bigger screens than the original DS, DS Lite, or regular DSi. It was first sold in Japan on 21 November 2009, in Europe on 5 March 2010, in North America on 28 March 2010, and in Australia on 15 April 2010. The DSi XL comes with several titles with the console including "Flipnote Studio", "Brain Age: Math", "Brain Age: Spelling and Arts", and "Photo Clock". Like the DSi, the Game Boy Advance slot is removed. It was discontinued in 2014.

Nintendo 3DS

The Nintendo 3DS (also called 3DS or N3DS) is a handheld video game console made by Nintendo which can display 3D effects without the need for any special glasses. It succeeded the Nintendo DS family. Like the Wii, Wii U, Nintendo Switch, and all the members of the Nintendo 3DS family, it has a Mii Maker application, letting the user create their own personal avatar, which some games use to replace the standard characters. It was released in Japan on February 26, 2011, on March 25, 2011 in Europe and the United Kingdom, on March 27, 2011 in the United States and Canada, and in Australia on March 31, 2011. The Nintendo 3DS lets the user play games in either 2D or 3D. A slider lets the player change the level of 3D in the game. The Nintendo 3DS also lets the user play most Nintendo DS and Nintendo DSi games, but only in 2D. Similar to the DSi and DSi XL, DS games that use the Game Boy Advance slot cannot be used. It comes with extra channels (some have to be downloaded from the Nintendo eShop), such as Nintendo Video, Nintendo Zone, and Swapnote. The system has a camera on the inside, and two on the outside. The outer cameras let the user both take pictures in 3D and shoot videos up to 10 minutes long in 3D.

The Nintendo 3DS was first shown at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2010.

On July 28, 2011, Nintendo announced that they would cut the price of the 3DS to $170 on August 12. People who got it when it was at the higher price of $250 got 10 free Nintendo Entertainment System games, along with 10 free Game Boy Advance games from the Nintendo eShop. NES games later became available to the public, but GBA games remained exclusive to ambassadors.

A bigger version, called the Nintendo 3DS XL, was shown to the public on June 21, 2012. Similar to the DSi XL, this version has screens much larger than the regular "3DS". It was released in Japan in July 2012 and August 2012 worldwide (along with "New Super Mario Bros. 2"), and currently costs $199. A third version of the console, called the Nintendo 2DS, was announced on August 27, 2013 and released on October 12, 2013 worldwide and in Japan on February 27, 2016. This version does not have the 3D feature and is the first handheld since the Game Boy Micro not to have the clamshell design. Two newer upgraded versions were released, called the New Nintendo 3DS and New Nintendo 3DS XL, similar to the DSi and DSi XL. Like the original "3DS", the New 3DS also has an XL variant. They were announced on August 28, 2014 and released in Japan on October 11, 2014, in Australia on November 21, 2014, and in Europe and North America on February 13, 2015. However, in North America, only the XL version was released at launch. The standard-sized version was released only in special bundles on September 25, 2015. The sixth and latest model called the New Nintendo 2DS XL was announced on April 27, 2017 and released in June/July 2017. Like the Nintendo 2DS, it does not have the 3D feature, but retains the clamshell design and has the same features as the New 3DS and New 3DS XL.

In the first year, Nintendo 3DS sold 15 million units and Nintendo 3DS fans created 213.8 million Miis.

The 3DS was discontinued in September 2020.

The Nintendo 3DS first launched in Japan with "Pro Evolution Soccer 3DS", "Super Street Fighter IV 3D Edition", "Samurai Warriors: Chronicles", "Bust-a-Move Universe", "Nintendogs + Cats", "Ridge Racer 3D", "Combat of Giants: Dinosaurs 3D", and "Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask". Titles for the North American and European launches of the "3DS" are "The Sims 3", "Madden NFL 3DS", "", "Super Monkey Ball 3D", "Asphalt 3D", "", and "Steel Diver".



Sheldon Kennedy

Sheldon Kennedy (born June 15, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played for the Detroit Red Wings, Boston Bruins and Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League (NHL). Kennedy was drafted by the Red Wings in the fourth round of the 1988 NHL Entry Draft while playing with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In the WHL, Kennedy helped the Broncos capture the 1989 Memorial Cup, and was named to the tournament all-star team. Kennedy represented Canada internationally at the World Junior Championships in 1988 and 1989. He helped Canada win a gold medal at the 1988 tournament.

Kennedy is best known for coming forward as a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of his coach, Graham James. In 1998, Kennedy roller bladed across Canada to raise awareness and funds for sexual abuse victims. Currently, Kennedy serves as a spokesperson for violence and abuse prevention programs with the Canadian Red Cross.

Kennedy started playing junior hockey with the Winnipeg South Blues of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL) in 1985. After being noticed by Graham James at a hockey camp, Kennedy joined the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for the 1986–87 season. Kennedy spent his entire WHL career with the Broncos, helping the team capture the 1989 Memorial Cup. For his play during the tournament, Kennedy was named to the Memorial Cup All-Star Team. He was also named to the WHL's Eastern Conference Second All-Star Team.
Kennedy was selected by the Detroit Red Wings in the fourth round (80th overall) of the 1988 National Hockey League (NHL) Entry Draft. His first professional season was split between the Red Wings in the NHL and their minor league affiliate Adirondack Red Wings of the American Hockey League (AHL). At the NHL level, Kennedy scored two goals and added seven assists in 20 games. Kennedy spent the next four seasons bouncing between the AHL and NHL within the Red Wings organization. The Winnipeg Jets acquired Kennedy from the Red Wings after the 1993–94 season. The NHL lockout meant that Kennedy did not actually play for the Jets before being picked up on waivers by the Calgary Flames. Kennedy spent two seasons in Calgary, then the Flames decided not to renew his contract in 1996, shortly after his sexual abuse revelation. He signed as a free agent with the Boston Bruins for the 1996–97 season but also spent time with the Providence Bruins, Boston's AHL affiliate. The 1996–97 season was Kennedy's last campaign in the NHL but he later resurfaced in the 1998–99 season with the Manitoba Moose of the now-defunct International Hockey League. Kennedy also played for EV Landshut of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany during the 1998–99 season.

A television movie about his life and campaign, "The Sheldon Kennedy Story", aired on CTV in 1999. Jonathan Scarfe starred as Kennedy. In 2006 he released his autobiography, "Why I Didn't Say Anything - The Sheldon Kennedy Story". In the book he revealed that nightmares of James still continue to plague him. He also wrote frankly about his battles with cocaine addiction.


Dwight Mathiasen

Dwight Wayne Mathiasen (born May 12, 1963 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins. 

War Office

The War Office was the name of the ministry which controlled the British Army. In 1963 the independent War Office, Admiralty and Air Ministry were joined to create the Ministry of Defence which controls all of the British armed forces.

Within the War Office, the name 'War Department' was used to describe the military transport services of the War Department Fleet and the War Department Railways.

Teardrop (song)

"Teardrop" is a single by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1998. It is also the themesong for the television program "House MD".

Safe from Harm (song)

"Safe from Harm" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1991.

Admiralty

The Admiralty was the name of the ministry which controlled the British Royal Navy. In 1963 the independent War Office, Admiralty and Air Ministry were joined to create the Ministry of Defence which controls all of the British Armed Forces.

Protection (song)

"Protection" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1995.

Air Ministry

The Air Ministry was the name of the ministry which controlled the British Royal Air Force. In 1963 the independent War Office, Admiralty and Air Ministry were joined to create the Ministry of Defence which controls all of the British Armed Forces.

Karmacoma

"Karmacoma" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1995.

Luminiferous aether

Luminiferous aether is a substance once believed to fill the Universe and explain how the transmission of waves of light can happen. People believed that light was a kind of wave. Waves travel over the surface of water in a pond, through the air in a room, etc. All waves that people had studied before had travelled through a medium. The speed of sound through steel is much higher than through air, so people imagined that light must travel through a similar medium too. Since light travels faster than anything else, light should travel through something more rigid (like steel) faster than anything else. But at the same time this substance must have a very low viscosity so that it would not slow down the movements of planets and cause them to eventually fall into their suns. The people coming before Albert Einstein believed this substance to exist, and they called it the "Luminiferous aether."

If an observer was to travel on a boat moving through an ocean current, then they could observe changes in the rate that waves appeared to travel depending on the relationship of the observer to the current.

Physicists conducted experiments to attempt to make this question become clear. The Michelson-Morley Experiment showed that there was no medium through which light travelled. It showed that there is no Luminiferous aether.

The easiest way to see the general idea is to imagine a very fast spaceship moving at one half the speed of light from one star to another. The spaceship has two light-speed meters, one pointing backward and one pointing forward. Since the spaceship is moving away from the photons given off by the yellow star, and running toward the photons given off by the blue star, our ordinary experience leads us to expect that we would measure the speed of the yellow photons as 150,000 kilometres per second, and the speed of the blue photons as 450,000 kilometres per second. However both photons are measured at 300,000 km/sec. Thereby this result indicates that speeds do not change relative to the movement of the spaceship.

A recent study is much more precise than the one by Michelson and Morley, but it still shows that the speed of light is constant no matter which direction one is moving in.

Live with Me (song)

"Live with Me" is a song by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 2006 for their compilation album "Collected".

Singles 90/98

Singles 90/98 is a compilation album by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It was released in 1998. It has all songs that were released until 1998, when it was released. It also has b-sides and remixes. It has a total of 63 tracks.











Collected

Collected is a best-hits album by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It has material on CD and DVD.

Danny the Dog

Danny the Dog is the soundtrack for the movie "Unleashed". It is by trip-hop band Massive Attack. It does not include the track called "Aftersun" featuring Dot Allison, that sounds on the credits at the end of the movie.


Chief of the General Staff

The Chief of the General Staff is the most senior officer of the British Army. The current holder of the post is General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, appointed in June 2018.

For many years, until after World War II, the title used was Chief of the Imperial General Staff. This was supposed to show that all of the armies of the British Empire were united under one command. As countries gained independence, this was not the case.

I Want You (Marvin Gaye song)

"I Want You" is a song by Marvin Gaye. It was released in 1976. It was covered in 1995 by trip-hop band Massive Attack and Madonna.

DJ-Kicks: Daddy G

DJ-Kicks: Daddy G is a DJ mix by Daddy G of Massive Attack. It was released in 2004.


Shara Nelson

Shara Nelson (born 1965) is an English singer. She is known for singing in the Massive Attack song "Unfinished Sympathy". 

Massive Attack discography

Massive Attack is a British trip-hop group. It was started in 1988 in Bristol by Robert Del Naja, Grantley Marshall, and Andrew Vowles. They made 5 studio albums, 2 extended play (EP), 3 compliations, and 16 singles.

 I The "Massive Attack" EP and "Splitting the Atom" EP charted on the UK Singles Chart and Swiss Singles Top 100, despite being extended-play length releases.

My Bologna

"My Bologna" is a single by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "My Sharona" by The Knack. It was released in 1979. It was Yankovic's first single. It was re-recorded and added to Yankovic's self-titled debut album.

Lorentz contraction

The Lorentz contraction, also called Length contraction, Fitzgerald contraction or Lorenz-Fitzgerald contraction, is the phenomenon that a moving object becomes shorter than it was when measured in its rest frame. This is because of relativistic effects seen between observers moving toward or away from one another. The size of one object as seen by someone moving toward or away from it it is decreased along their line of movement by an amount mathematically related to their speed and the speed of light.

In his book, "One, Two, Three...Infinity," physicist George Gamow quoted a limerick (a kind of poem) that is said by some to have been changed from a more naughty poem. There are several other cleaned up versions:
There once was a young man named Fisk,
Whose fencing was extremely brisk,
So fast was his action,
The Lorentz contraction,
Foreshortened his foil to a disk.

Another One Rides the Bus

"Another One Rides the Bus" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Another One Bites the Dust" by Queen. It was released in 1981 on Yankovic's first EP. It was also released on Yankovic's self-titled first album in 1982.

Ricky (song)

"Ricky" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Mickey" by Toni Basil. It is about the television show "I Love Lucy". It was also the first song Yankovic made a music video for.

I Love Rocky Road

"I Love Rocky Road" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" by the band Arrows. It is about how the singer is obsessed with rocky road ice cream.

Eat It

"Eat It" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of the song "Beat It" by Michael Jackson. It was released in 1984 for the album ""Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D". A music video was made for the song that is a direct parody of the "Beat It" video.

King of Suede

"King of Suede" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "King of Pain" by The Police. It is on Yankovic's second album, ""Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D". The lyrics are a long advertising monologue for the singer's suede clothes.

I Lost on Jeopardy

"I Lost on Jeopardy" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Jeopardy" by the Greg Kihn Band. It was about the singer's experience losing on the game show "Jeopardy!". It was released for the album "Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D". The music video featured Yankovic, original "Jeopardy!" host Art Fleming and announcer Don Pardo. It also featured "Jeopardy" artist Kihn and Yankovic's mentor Dr. Demento.

Looney Tunes

Looney Tunes is an animated sitcom series produced by Warner Bros. It was Warner Bros.' first animated cartoon series, preceding the "Merrie Melodies" series. The name of the series is a variation on "Silly Symphonies", the name of Walt Disney's concurrent series of music-based cartoon shorts. From 1942 until 1969, "Looney Tunes" was the most popular series of cartoon shorts in theaters, even more popular than any Disney films.

The first "Looney Tunes" cartoon short, "Sinkin' in the Bathtub", was released in 1930. Since then, the series has become a worldwide franchise. It has been shown on television from the 1960s until the present day. When shown on television, it is changed to get rid of heavy violence, smoking, alcohol, and racist stereotypes, but those parts were put back in on home video releases, but with a warning that the cartoons were made in a different time. There have been several TV series, full-length films, comic books, music albums, video games, and amusement park rides based on these shorts.

The "Looney Tunes" originally showcased Warner-owned musical compositions through the adventures of cartoon characters such as Bosko and Buddy. Later "Looney Tunes" shorts featured characters who have gone on to become some of the most well-known and popular cartoon characters in history, such as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Elmer Fudd, Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird, Marvin the Martian, the Tasmanian Devil, Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner, Foghorn Leghorn, Yosemite Sam, Pepé Le Pew, Speedy Gonzales, and many others. Many of the characters have made cameo appearances in television shows, films and advertisements.

Sadness (video game)

Sadness is a cancelled video game that was going to be released on the Nintendo Wii. It was being made by Nibris, which is a company in Poland. It was going to be created for the Wii.

The story of the game takes place in Ukraine, during the time before World War I. The main character is Maria Lengyel, a woman who has to protect her son Alexander from monsters.

This Is the Life (song)

"This Is the Life" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is the theme song in the gangster comedy movie "Johnny Dangerously". It was also re-released for Yankovic's album "Dare to be Stupid".

Like a Surgeon (&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic song)

"Like a Surgeon" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Like a Virgin" by Madonna. It was released for the album "Dare to be Stupid" in 1984.

I Want a New Duck

"I Want a New Duck" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "I Want a New Drug" by Huey Lewis and the News. It was released on Yankovic's album "Dare to be Stupid" in 1984.

One More Minute

"One More Minute" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic in the style of doo-wop and Elvis. It is about how the singer would rather cause harm to himself rather than "spend one more minute" with his former girlfriend. It was released in his 1984 album "Dare to be Stupid".

Dare to Be Stupid (song)

"Dare to Be Stupid" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is done in the style of the band Devo. It is the title track for his album "Dare to be Stupid". 

List of &quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic polka medleys

"Weird Al" Yankovic is well known for his polka medleys. In these, he takes choruses and other memorable lines from popular music and they are reinterpreted into a polka.

The following songs are in the medley:
The following songs are in the medley:

The following songs are contained in the medley:
The following songs are in the medley:
The following songs are in the medley:
This is actually a polka version of Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody", but is counted as a polka medley.

The following songs are in the medley:
The following songs are in the medley:

The following songs are contained in the medley:

The following are in the melody:
The following songs are in the medley:

The title is a reference to Lady Gaga's song "Poker Face". The following songs are contained in the medley:

The title of the medley is a parody of the compilation album series "Now That's What I Call Music!". The following songs are included in the medley:

Living with a Hernia

"Living with a Hernia" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Living in America" by James Brown It was released in 1986 for the album "Polka Party!". It is about the pain a hernia causes.

Christmas at Ground Zero

"Christmas at Ground Zero" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is done in the style of a Christmas carol. It describes a situation where the world is going to end around Christmastime.

Fat (song)

"Fat" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Bad" by Michael Jackson. It was released for the album "Even Worse" in 1988. It describes the obesity of the singer and the situations it causes.

Lasagna (song)

"Lasagna" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "La Bamba", a traditional song popularized by Ritchie Valens and Los Lobos. It was released in 1988 for the album "Even Worse".

The Dilemma

The Dilemma is a 2011 American comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Ron Howard, Vince Vaughn and Brian Grazer. It was directed by Howard.

Ronny Valentine (Vince Vaughn) who catches his best friend's wife, Geneva (Winona Ryder) cheating on him with another man, Zip (Channing Tatum) and does not know whether he should tell him.



Alaska Railroad

The Alaska Railroad is the main railroad in Alaska. It is owned by the state government of Alaska. It connects Alaska's two largest cities, Anchorage and Fairbanks. It also goes to Denali National Park, home of the tallest mountain in North America. There are short spur lines that go to North Pole, military bases, and through a tunnel to Whittier. It is not connected to any other railroads but it does go to the seaports in Seward, Anchorage, and Whittier and the big airport in Anchorage. Most railroads haul either people or freight, but the Alaska Railroad does both.

I Think I'm a Clone Now

"I Think I'm a Clone Now" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "I Think We're Alone Now", which was originally recorded by Tommy James & The Shondells. Yankovic's parody seems to have been based more on the 1987 cover by Tiffany. It was released on the 1988 album "Even Worse".

UHF (song)

"UHF" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a style parody of themes that are played to advertise television stations. It was the theme of the movie "UHF". 

Telephone numbering plan

A telephone numbering plan is a system used in telecommunications to give telephone numbers to customers and to route telephone calls in a telephone network. A closed numbering plan imposes a fixed length to numbers, such as in North America (10-digit). An open numbering plan may have telephone numbers that vary in length.

A dial plan establishes the type of telephone number in a given area. This includes country codes, access codes, area codes and all combinations of digits dialed. For instance, the North American public switched telephone network (PSTN) uses a phone numbers with a 3-digit area code and a 7-digit telephone number.

Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*

"Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Money for Nothing" by Dire Straits and a cover of "The Beverly Hillbillies" theme song. It was featured in the movie "UHF".

Isle Thing

"Isle Thing" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Wild Thing" by Tone Lōc. It appeared in the movie "UHF".

Smells Like Nirvana

"Smells Like Nirvana" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Smells Like Teen Spirit" by Nirvana. It was released on the album "Off the Deep End" in 1992. It pokes fun at how people often cannot understand Nirvana's lyrics.

You Don't Love Me Anymore (&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic song)

"You Don't Love Me Anymore" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It was released for the album "Off the Deep End" in 1992. It is written as a soft ballad. It describes Yankovic and an unnamed girl's relationship. The couple were in love, but the girl has tried to kill Yankovic many times. She had done things like poison his coffee, leaving him for dead in a ditch, and putting a cobra in his underwear drawer. The humor in this song is the lyrics and the delivery.

Taco Grande

"Taco Grande" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of Gerardo's song "Rico Suave". It is about the singer wanting Mexican food and his visit to a fake Mexican restaurant. It was released in the 1992 album "Off the Deep End".

Royal Canadian Air Force

The Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF), formerly Air Command (AIRCOM), is the air force of Canada and is often called the Canadian Air Force. It is part of the Canadian Forces. Canada also has an army and a navy.

The air force operates all aircraft of the Canadian Forces, including the helicopters of the army and the navy. The air force is made of fighter jets, cargo planes and helicopters.


Canadian Army

The Land Force Command (LFC) is the army of Canada and is often called the Canadian Army. It is part of the Canadian Forces. It is made of 19,500 full-time soldiers and 16,000 part-time soldiers. Canada also has an navy and an air force.

The army has infantry, artillery and tanks.

Jurassic Park (song)

"Jurassic Park" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "MacArthur Park" by Jimmy Webb (as performed by Richard Harris). It is a humorous retelling of the plot in the novel and movie "Jurassic Park". It is on the album "Alaplooza" released in 1993.

Homer, Alaska

Homer is a city on the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska. It is known for being "the end of the road." There are signs that Native American people lived in the area as early as 6000 BC. In 2020, 5,522 people lived in Homer. The most notable feature of Homer is the Homer Spit, a peninsula that sticks out into Kachemak Bay. The town's harbor and many of its fishing and tourism-related businesses are on the Spit.

Bedrock Anthem

"Bedrock Anthem" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Under the Bridge" and "Give it Away" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It is about the narrator who desires to live in Bedrock, the setting of the cartoon "The Flintstones". It states several reasons referring to the show. It was released on the 1993 album "Alapalooza".

David Johnston

David Lloyd Johnston, CC CMM COM CD FRSC("hon") (born June 28, 1941) is a Canadian academic and author. He was the Governor General of Canada from October 1, 2010 to October 2, 2017.


The Governor General's style and title in full is, in , and in .

Before becoming he Governor General of Canada Johnston was the president of the University of Waterloo and a tenured faculty member in the school of computer science. 

Achy Breaky Song

"Achy Breaky Song" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Achy Breaky Heart" by Billy Ray Cyrus. It described how the singer was fed up with listening to the original song and things he would rather do. It was released on the 1993 album "Alapalooza".

Conservative Party of Canada

The Conservative Party of Canada (French: Parti Conservateur du Canada) is a political party in Canada. The party is considered to be on the center-right to right of the political spectrum. It is to the right of the Liberal Party of Canada, Bloc Québécois or the New Democratic Party. The party is the successor to the numerous right-wing parties, mainly the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. Right now, the leader of the party is Pierre Poilievre, who is also the Leader of the Official Opposition.

The party won a minority government in the 2006 and 2008 elections and a majority government in 2011 election under the leadership of Stephen Harper, who served as the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada. Following the loss of the 2015 election falling to second place, Harper resigned as leader and was filled in by interim leader Rona Ambrose until the next leadership election, which Andrew Scheer won.


Headline News (&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic song)

"Headline News" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of the Crash Test Dummies's song "Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm". It describes current events at the time in a humorous way. It was released on the 1994 album "".

Teddy Bears' Picnic

"Teddy Bears' Picnic" is a very popular song about teddy bears. The tune was composed by John Walter Bratton in 1907. The words were added by Irish songwriter Jimmy Kennedy in 1932. Since then it has always been extremely popular as a children's song. Many musicians have made recordings of it. A particularly famous recording was made in 1932 by Henry Hall. For more than 30 years this recording was used by BBC audio engineers to test audio equipment.


Whoopi Goldberg

Whoopi Goldberg (born Caryn Elaine Johnson; November 13, 1955) is an American actress, comedienne, author and talk show host. She made her movie debut in "The Color Purple" which she won a Golden Globe Award. Goldberg was partners with Frank Langella from 1996 until they separated in 2001. She is currently a co-host on "The View". 

In 2022, Goldberg was temporarily banned from "The View" for making insensitive comments regarding the Holocaust.

Goldberg had a daughter when she was 18 years old. She became a grandmother when she was 34.



Eddie (movie)

Eddie is a 1996 sports comedy movie that was produced by Mark Burg and David Permut and was directed by Steve Rash.

The plot of the movie is about Edwina "Eddie" Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg) who wins a chance to be an honorary head coach of the New York Knicks and trys to turn around a struggling Knicks team.


Elisabeth Schwarzkopf

Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf DBE (9 December 1915 in Jarotschin in Prussia - 3 August 2006 in Schruns, Austria) was a German-British soprano. She was one of the most famous opera singers of the 20th century as well as a famous recitalist. She was particularly known for singing the music of Mozart, Schubert, Strauss, and Wolf.

Elisabeth Schwarzkopf was born in Jarotschin in the province of Posen in Prussia. Schwarzkopf showed an interest in music from an early age. She first sang in an opera in 1928 when she took the part of Eurydice in a school production of Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice" in Magdeburg, Germany. In 1934, Schwarzkopf started to study in Berlin Hochschule für Musik, then she changed teachers and started working with the coloratura soprano Maria Ivogün as well as with Ivogün's husband, the pianist Michael Raucheisen.

Schwarzkopf gave her first professional performance at the Deutsche Oper Berlin on 15 April 1938, as the Second Flower Maiden (First Group) in Act II of Richard Wagner's "Parsifal". She sang in Berlin for four years, during which time she joined the Nazi Party. Because of this she was later not allowed to appear in the United States. 

In 1942, she was invited to sing with the Vienna State Opera, where her roles included Konstanze in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", Musetta and later Mimì in Puccini's "La bohème" and Violetta in Verdi's" La traviata".

In 1945, Schwarzkopf was given Austrian citizenship so that she would be allowed to sing in the Vienna State Opera. In 1947 and 1948, Schwarzkopf appeared on tour with the Vienna State Opera at London's Royal Opera House at Covent Garden on 16 September 1947 as Donna Elvira in Mozart's "Don Giovanni" and at La Scala on 28 December 1948, as the Countess in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro", which became one of her most famous roles.

From that time on she was invited to sing all over the world, including at La Scala, Milan and the San Francisco Opera.

In March 1946, Schwarzkopf had been invited to audition for Walter Legge. Legge was a man who produced classical music recordings in Britain. He had founded the Philharmonia Orchestra. Legge asked Schwarzkopf to sing Hugo Wolf's lied "Wer rief dich denn?". He thought she was so good that he gave her an exclusive contract with EMI. They worked a lot together, and they were married on 19 October 1953 in Epsom, Surrey; Schwarzkopf now had British citizenship because of her marriage to an Englishman. 

In the 1960s, when Schwarzkopf sang in operas she nearly always sang one of her five favourite operatic roles: Donna Elvira in Mozart's "Don Giovanni", Countess Almaviva in "The Marriage of Figaro", Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte", Countess Madeleine in Strauss's "Capriccio", and the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier". She was also good at singing Alice Ford in Verdi's "Falstaff". On the EMI label she made several "champagne operetta" recordings like Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow" and Johann Strauss II's "The Gypsy Baron".

Schwarzkopf's last operatic performance was as the Marschallin on 31 December 1971, in the theatre of La Monnaie in Brussels. For the next several years, she only sang in lieder recitals. 

On 17 March 1979, Walter Legge had a serious heart attack. His doctors told him to rest, but instead of resting he went to Schwarzkopf's last recital two days later in Zurich. Three days later, he died. 

After retiring, Schwarzkopf taught and gave master classes around the world, especially at the Juilliard School in New York City. She was well known for being an extremely strict teacher who stopped her pupils to criticize every little bit of detail. After living in Switzerland for many years, she went to live in Vorarlberg, Austria.

She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976, and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1992. She received many other awards.

Schwarzkopf died in her sleep during the night of 2–3 August 2006 at her home in the village of Schruns, in Vorarlberg, western Austria, aged 90.


New York and New Jersey campaign

The New York and New Jersey campaign was a series of battles between the British forces and the Continental Army that decided who would take control of New York City and the U.S. state of New Jersey in the American Revolutionary War and were mostly British victories. One British purpose was to finish smashing the Rebel army after the Battle of Long Island. The battles happened near the end of 1776. The Continentals won the two small battles of Trenton and Princeton at the end of the campaign, and spent the winter in Morristown, New Jersey. The British controlled the area for most of the rest of the war. 

Amish Paradise

"Amish Paradise" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Gangsta's Paradise" by Coolio. It was released in 1996 on the album "Bad Hair Day".

Gump (song)

"Gump" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of "Lump" by The Presidents of the United States of America. It was released on the album "Bad Hair Day" in 1996. The song is a humorous retelling of the movie "Forrest Gump".

Spy Hard (song)

"Spy Hard" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a comedic song in the style of spy songs such as James Bond. It was used in the movie of the same name.

Malt

Malt is cereal grain that is sprouted and then dried by hot air. It is sometimes used in brewing and the manufacture of malt vinegar. Malt is high in sugar because when the grain sprouts, much of its starch changes to sugar. If the malt is dried with fire, it can have a smoky flavor. The sugar from the malt can be fermented into beer and whisky.

Liberal Party of Canada

The Liberal Party of Canada () is a political party in Canada. The party is considered to be centre to centre-left. The party was the Official Opposition after it lost the 2006 election, until the NDP became the Official Opposition in 2011. They won the election in 2015.

The current party leader is the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.

Every provinces and one territory in Canada have its own Liberal Party. However, only the parties in New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island are part of the federal Liberal Party. Some of the other provincial parties might have very similar political ideologies but they are different political parties. These parties might have different members and different funding.


Christogram IHS

The Christogram IHS is a monogram symbolizing Jesus Christ.

From Greek it is an abbreviation of the name ΙΗΣΟΥΣ (Jesus).

In Eastern Orthodox Church the Christogram is composed with letters "X," "P", "I" and "X" arranged into the cross. They are the first letters of one from two words in Greek language: "Christ" and "Jesus Christ".

In the Western culture there exist the compositions: "IHS" and also "IHC" being the first letters (iota-eta-sigma) of the name Jesus in Greek alphabet: ΙΗΣΟΥΣ (Ίησοῦς or ΙΗϹΟΥϹ with lunated sigma). The abbreviation in form "IHS" appeared in first time on the coins of Justinian II on the turn of the 7th and 8th centuries.

The order of Jesuits, in other words the Society of Jesus ("Societas Iesu"), adopted "IHS" as its fixed emblem - the symbol in 17th century. There appeared also Latin interpretations of the abbreviation "IHS", among others:
and also:

These developed inscriptions were most likely formed because in the Middle Ages people mistakenly read the letter E as H. 

According to a legend, this inscription with the cross was seen by emperor Constantine the Great in his sleep before the battle against Maxentius in 312 on the Ponte Milvio.

Commentators unfriendly to the Catholic Church sometimes interpret the abbreviation IHS as derived from the solar idols of the Egyptian mythology: Isis, Horus and Seth. Nevertheless, present scientific knowledge does not confirm such interpretations.

The Color Purple (1985 movie)

The Color Purple is a 1985 American period drama movie directed by Steven Spielberg with a screenplay by Menno Meyjes, based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning 1982 novel of the same name by Alice Walker. It was Spielberg's eighth movie as a director, and marked a change from the summer blockbusters for which he had become known. It was also the first movie directed by Spielberg for which John Williams did not compose the music. It stars Whoopi Goldberg, Danny Glover, Desreta Jackson, Margaret Avery, Oprah Winfrey, Rae Dawn Chong, Willard Pugh, and Adolph Caesar in his final roles.

Filmed in Anson and Union counties in North Carolina, the movie tells the story of an young African American girl named Celie Harris and shows the problems African American women faced during the early 20th century, including domestic violence, incest, pedophilia, poverty, racism, and sexism. Celie is changed as she finds her self-worth through the help of two strong female friends.

The movie was a box office success, grossing $142 million against a budget of $15 million. The movie received positive reviews from critics, receiving praise for its acting, direction, screenplay, musical score, and production values; but it was also criticized by some critics for being "over-sentimental" and "stereotypical." The movie was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, without winning any; it also received four Golden Globe Award nominations, with Whoopi Goldberg winning Best Actress in a Drama. Steven Spielberg did not receive an Academy Award nomination for his directing, but did receive a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement, and a Golden Globe nomination. The movie was later included in Roger Ebert's book series "The Great Movies".


"The Color Purple" was nominated for 11 Academy Awards. Notably, Spielberg was not nominated for his direction. It won none of the Academy Awards. This tied the record set by 1977's "The Turning Point" for the most Oscar nominations without a single win.

"The Color Purple" was nominated for five Golden Globes, including Best Picture (Drama), Best Director for Spielberg, and Best Supporting Actress for Winfrey. Its only win went to Goldberg for Best Actress (Drama).

Menno Meyjes was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Spielberg received the Directors Guild of America Award for Best Motion Picture Director, his first.

The movie was shown at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival as a non-competing title.

Meet the Parents

Meet the Parents is a 2000 American comedy movie. It was produced by Robert De Niro, Jay Roach, Jane Rosenthal and Nancy Tenenbaum and was directed by Jay Roach. "Meet the Parents" is a remake of the 1992 movie of the same name. There were two sequels to "Meet the Parents". The first sequel was "Meet the Fockers", which was released in 2004. The second sequel was "Little Fockers", which was released in 2010.



Ferris Bueller's Day Off

Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American teen comedy movie set in Chicago, Illinois. It was produced by John Hughes and Tom Jacobson and was directed by Hughes. It was very successful at the box office and has since become a cult classic.


There was a TV show on NBC in 1990 called "Ferris Bueller", which was a prequel to the movie. Charlie Schlatter played Ferris Bueller; Jennifer Aniston played his sister and also featuring Samantha Robson in her first starring role. The Bueller family lived in Los Angeles instead of Chicago.


Alfred Sisley

Alfred Sisley (30 October 1839 – 29 January 1899) was an English Impressionist landscape painter. He was a British citizen, but was born, and spent most of his life, in France. Sisley is known for his Impressionist landscapes painted "en plein air", that is, outdoors. He never went into portrait painting and continued in the impressionist style all his career.

Among his most important works are a series of paintings of the River Thames, mostly around Hampton Court, painted in 1874, and various paintings showing places in or near Moret-sur-Loing.

Sisley was born in Paris to rich English parents. His father William Sisley was in the silk business, and his mother Felicia Sell enjoyed music. In 1857, at the age of 18, Sisley was sent to London to study for a career in business, but he gave it up after four years and returned to Paris. In 1862 he studied at the atelier of Swiss artist Marc-Charles-Gabriel Gleyre, where he met Frédéric Bazille, Claude Monet, and Pierre-Auguste Renoir.

Together they would paint landscapes in the open rather than in the studio. This helped them to capture the changing effects of sunlight. This new approach resulted in paintings more colorful and more broadly painted than people were used to seeing. At first Sisley and his friends had few chances to show or sell their work. Their works were usually rejected by the jury of the most important art exhibition in France, the annual Salon. During the 1860s, though, Sisley was in a better position than some of his fellow artists, for his father regularly gave him money.

In 1866 Sisley began a relationship with Eugénie Lesouezec (1834–1898; also known as Marie Lescouezec). They had two children: son Pierre (born 1867) and daughter Jeanne (1869). At the time, Sisley lived not far from Avenue de Clichy and the Café Guerbois, the meeting place of many Parisian painters. In 1868 his paintings were accepted at the Salon, but it did not bring him any financial or critical success, and neither did any of the subsequent exhibitions.

The Franco-Prussian War which began in 1870 caused Sisley's father's business to fail. The painter's only income was from the sale of his works. He lived in poverty for the rest of his life, as the value of his paintings only rose in value after his death. Occasionally, however, Sisley would be helped by his patrons, which allowed him, among other things, to make a few short trips to England. The first trip was in 1874 after the first independent Impressionist exhibition. The result of the trip was a series of nearly 20 paintings of the Upper Thames near Molesey. Art historian Kenneth Clark said this was "a perfect moment of Impressionism."

Until 1880, Sisley lived and worked in the countryside west of Paris; then Sisley and his family moved to a small village near Moret-sur-Loing. This was close to the forest of Fontainebleau where the painters of the Barbizon school had worked earlier in the century. Here, as art historian Anne Poulet has said, "the gentle landscapes with their constantly changing atmosphere were perfectly attuned to his talents. Unlike Monet, he never sought the drama of the rampaging ocean or the brilliantly colored scenery of the Côte d'Azur." In 1881 Sisley made one more short trip to England.

In 1897 Sisley and his partner visited Wales and were married in Cardiff Register Office on 5 August. They stayed at Penarth, where he painted at least six pictures of the sea and the cliffs. In mid-August they moved to the Osborne Hotel on the Gower Peninsula, where he painted at least eleven oil-paintings in and around Rotherslade Bay. They returned to France in October. This was Sisley's last trip to England. The National Museum of Wales in Cardiff now has two of his Welsh paintings.

In 1898 he applied for French citizenship but was refused. He made a second application supported by a police report. He became ill before the application was accepted, with Sisley remaining English until his death. The painter died of throat cancer in Moret-sur-Loing at the age of 59, just a few months after the death of his wife.

Sisley's first works are lost. His earliest known work is "Lane near a Small Town". This is believed to have been painted around 1864. His first landscape paintings are sad and gloomy, coloured with dark browns, greens, and pale blues. They were often painted at Marly and Saint-Cloud. No one knows if Sisley's knew the paintings of J. M. W. Turner and John Constable, which he may have seen in London. These artists have been suggested as an influence on his development as an Impressionist painter, as well as Gustave Courbet and Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot.

Among the Impressionists Sisley has been overshadowed by Monet. Sisley's work very similar to that of Camille Pissarro. Described by art historian Robert Rosenblum as having "almost a generic character, an impersonal textbook idea of a perfect Impressionist painting", his work strongly creates atmosphere and his skies are always very impressive. His concentration on landscape subjects was the most consistent of any of the Impressionists.

Among Sisley's best-known works are "Street in Moret" and "Sand Heaps", and "The Bridge at Moret-sur-Loing" shown at Musée d'Orsay, Paris. "Allée des peupliers de Moret" ("The Lane of Poplars at Moret") has been stolen three times from the Musée des Beaux-Arts in Nice. The first time was in 1978 when on loan in Marseille, but it was found a few days later in the city's sewers. It was stolen again in 1998 and the museum's curator was convicted of the theft and jailed for five years along with two friends. It was stolen again in August 2007. On 4 June 2008, the French National Police found it and three other stolen paintings inside a van in Marseille.



Anthoxanthum

Anthoxanthum, the "vernal grasses", is a large genus of true grass with a wide distribution. "A. odoratum" is a common species of acidic grassland and bogs in northern Europe.

The genus "Hierochloe" is included in "Anthoxanthum" by some. "Hierochloe" is a genus or subgenus known generally as "sweetgrass". These are perennial rhizomatous grasses found in temperate regions in the Northern Hemisphere. These erect green grasses are known for their sweet scent. They bear panicle inflorescences with rounded grass grain fruits.

Inflorescence

An inflorescence is a flowering stem. The term is most used for a group or cluster of flowers arranged on a stem. An inflorescence is the reproductive portion of a plant; each plant bears its flowers in a specific pattern.

Whereas gymnosperms are mostly wind-pollinated, flowering plants are mostly pollinated by insects. There are some exceptions to this, for instance grasses are wind-pollinated. However, as a general rule, flowering plants rely on animals for their pollination.

Most flowers are pollinated by animals, usually insects. To be pollinated, "a flower needs to be seen". Most insects have good colour vision, including vision in the ultra-violet (which humans do not have).
That is the reason many flowers have attractive colours. 

Sometimes there is just a close bunch of flowers (e.g. "Antirrhinum") on a "spike". Sometimes the inflorescence is so tight it looks like one single flower. What you see as a single daisy is actually made of several hundred tiny flowers packed together. This kind of inflorescence is called a pseudanthium ("false flower").

The advantages of the inflorescence mode is all about reproduction compared to a single primitive flower of the "Magnolia" type.




Donald Adamson

Donald Adamson (born 30 March 1939 at Culcheth, Lancashire) is a British historian, philosophical writer and literary critic.

He is the author of "Blaise Pascal: Mathematician, Physicist and Thinker about God" (1995), a book detailing the concept of the existence of God and a study of Pascal’s "Wager".

Adamson has written on French history, and histories of the City of London, a ducal family, travel, finance, and art. He also wrote about the novels of Honoré de Balzac. He has translated many short stories of Guy de Maupassant into English. 
Adamson aids the cause of museums and libraries in the UK. From 1983 to 1992 he served as a Justice of the Peace for the City of London.

Adamson studied at the University of Oxford. He taught at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand, as well as Paris and London Universities. He also is a member of a Cambridge College where he conducts research.

2012-13 Donald Adamson was Master of the Curriers’ Company, a London Livery Company. He established a Curriers' Co. biennial award for graduates of British universities to write an essay on the history of London, as well as sixteen annual prizes in mathematics and history for pupils aged 14 to 15 at four London Academies.




Hesperornis

Hesperornis is an extinct genus of flightless aquatic birds that lived during the Upper Cretaceous (89–65 million years ago).

"Hesperornis" was an important early find in the history of avian paleontology. It was discovered by the paleontologist O.C. Marsh in the late 19th century Bone Wars. 

Famous locations for "Hesperornis" are the Upper Cretaceous marine limestones from Kansas and the marine shales from Canada. The genus probably had a Holarctic distribution.

"Hesperornis" was a large bird, reaching up to 1.5 meters (5 feet) in length. It had virtually no wings, and swam with its powerful hind legs. 

Like many other Mesozoic birds such as "Ichthyornis", "Hesperornis" had teeth in its beak which were used to hold prey (most likely fish).

"Hesperornis" hunted in the waters of such contemporary shelf seas as the North American Inland Sea, the Turgai Strait and the prehistoric North Sea, which then were subtropical to tropical waters, much warmer than today. They probably fed mainly on fish, maybe also crustaceans, cephalopods and mollusks, as do the diving seabirds of today. Their teeth were helpful in dealing with slippery or hard-shelled prey.

On land, "Hesperornis" species may or may not have been able to walk. They certainly could not stand upright like penguins as in the early reconstructions. Their legs attached far at the back and sideways, with even the lower leg being tightly attached to the body (see photo of skeleton). Thus, they were limited to a clumsy hobble at best on land and would have been more nimble if they moved by sliding on their belly or galumphing. The leg skeleton of "Hesperornis" was so thoroughly adapted to diving that their mode on land, and their egg-laying and parental care, is a matter of speculation.

Young "Hesperornis" grew fairly quickly and continuously to adulthood, as is the case in modern birds. More young birds are known from the fossil record of the more northerly sites than from those further south. This suggests that at least some species were migratory like today's penguins, which swim polewards in the summer.

"Hesperornis" was preyed upon by large marine carnivores such as mosasaurs. A "Tylosaurus" specimen contains the bones of a "Hesperornis" in its gut area.

Nissan Primera

The Nissan Primera was an automobile produced by Nissan. It replaced the Nissan Bluebird in 1990 and was produced in three generations produced until 2006. The first generation was made from 1990 to 1996. The second generation was made from late 1996 to early 2002 with a facelift in 1999 for European markets. The third generation was made from late 2001 to 2006 and was effectively replaced with the Qashqai crossover model in early 2007. It was also offered in the US market as the Infiniti G20 sold over two generations with only a sedan model available coming from the factory in Japan between the 1991 and 2002 model years. It is available as a 4-door sedan, 5-door hatchback and 5-door station wagon bodystyles with 4-cylinder petrol and diesel engines. The model was produced in Japan and the UK.

Charles M. Schulz

Charles Monroe Schulz (November 26, 1922 – February 12, 2000) was an American cartoonist, whose comic strip "Peanuts" proved one of the most popular and influential in the history of the medium, and is still widely reprinted on a daily basis.

Schulz died of colorectal cancer in Santa Rosa, California.

The Littlest Hobo

The Littlest Hobo was a Canadian children's show directed by Charles R. Rondeau. It was based on a movie and is about a German Shepherd that wanders from town to town, helping people in need. The TV series ran from 1963-1965 and was later revived by CTV from 1979-1985.


Luke Ridnour

Lucas Robin "Luke" Ridnour (born February 13, 1981 in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho) is an American basketball player that currently plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He went to University of Oregon for college where he played for the Oregon Ducks basketball team. Ridnour has also played with the Seattle SuperSonics from 2003-2007 and the Milwaukee Bucks from 2008-2010.


Binge eating

Binge eatingis a disease characterized by episodes of compulsive overeating. 

It has the following characteristics:

The vicious cycle of binge eating

It can make people feel satisfied for a while, but after that, they will feel guilty and they will regret eating so much. People overeat to feel better, but they actually feel worse, and go back to overeating for relief, forming a vicious cycle.

Other characteristics:
If binge eating becomes a pattern, this is an eating disorder. People who suffer from this have a high risk of weight gain. They may feel ashamed of their eating habits and become depressed. People who binge and then purge, (usually by vomiting), have a different eating disorder called bulimia. People with anorexia may also binge and purge. 

Conway Twitty

Conway Twitty (born Harold Lloyd Jenkins; September 1, 1933 – June 5, 1993) was an American country music singer.

Twitty held the record for the most number one singles of any act with 55 No. 1 Billboard country hits until 2006 when George Strait broke his record.

Twitty is a former member of the Grand Ole Opry and was inducted into the Country Music and the Rockabilly Halls of Fame.

He died on June 5, 1993 at Cox House Hospital in Springfield, Missouri, as a result of abdominal aortic aneurysm.


Matchbox

A matchbox is a container or case made of cardboard or thin wood and designed to place matches . It usually has a special surface on one edge to light the matches contained inside. Usualy, is a box that contains safety matches. made of wooden sticks or cardboard stripes. It usually has a coarse striking surface on one edge for lighting the matches contained inside. Matchboxes generaly mesure 5 x 3.5 x 1.5 cm. For some applications matchbooks have replaced matchboxes. 

It is generally used to carry matches in the pocket, in the form of a cardboard box with a separate drawer that runs inside the cover, or a folding case whith half lid folding over the other half, acting as protection for the matches. Cylindrical matchboxes with a round cover on one end, are also available..

There are metal match boxes (of the type described above or a different type), rubber, wood, mother-of -pearl, ivory, bone, celluloid, etc. sometimes with very whimsical shapes, some of which also have a hollow cylinder in which a nitrated wick is housed so that it can ignite when it is windy.

Apart from the pocket boxes mentioned, there are tabletop match boxes, to hang on the wall, fixed in a palmarium, etc. The first are boxes of some capacity, made of fine wood, cut glass, etc., without a lid or with a hinged lid, the only condition being that they close well and have enough weight at the bottom to scratch the match don't move Match boxes hung on the wall are used in kitchens, they are usually made of ash wood, they do not have a lid and a hook or hole protrudes from the back of the box to hang them on the wall. 

All matchboxes must have a scraper so that the head of the match can be rubbed against it to light it. Ordinary cardboard boxes carry it on one or both sides. The metal boxes have for scraper a scraper that is usually placed on the edge, in a slot made for this purpose. The rasp can be machined from the same metal or be a metal sheet, welded or glued. 

In tabletop or wall-hanged match boxes, the scraper is usually made of sandpaper, attached to the most visible part and at the top of the box.

A book of matches is a small cardboard folder that contains matches joined at the base and has a surface to be able to rub the matches on the outside. The binder must be opened to access the matches, which are placed in a comb shape and must be torn to use.them, unlike those in a standard matchbox where they are loosely packed in the drawer that can be slided with the fingerr.

In English there is the term phillumeny, which is the hobby of collecting different items related to matches, matchboxes, match box labels, matchbooks, match covers, etc. 

In Japan, Teiichi Yoshizawa was listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the best collector of matches in the world. In Portugal, Jose Manuel Pereira published a series of albums to catalog and display matchbox collections called "Phillalbum".

Canadian Special Operations Forces Command

The Canadian Special Operations Forces Command (CANSOFCOM) (french:Commandement des forces d'opérations spéciales du Canada) is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for special operations. 

The command is composed of four units : 

Deaths in 2011

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2011.













Joint Task Force 2

Joint Task Force 2 (JTF 2) (French: Deuxième Force opérationnelle interarmées) is the main counter-terrorism and special forces unit of Canada. JTF2 is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command of the Canadian Forces.

Canadian Special Operations Regiment

The Canadian Special Operations Regiment (CSOR) (french:Régiment des opérations spéciales du Canada) is one of the two special forces unit of Canada. CSOR was created in 2005. Its role is to support the Joint Task Force 2, but it is also capable of conducting its own operations. The regiment is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command of the Canadian Forces.

427 Special Operations Aviation Squadron

The Special Operations Aviation Squadron ("427SOAS"') (french:427 Escadron d'opérations spéciales d'aviation) is a helicopter squadron of Canada responsible to provide support to the Joint Task Force 2 and the Canadian Special Operations Regiment. It operates the CH-146 Griffon. The squadron is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command of the Canadian Forces.

Logistics

Logistics is the term which generally means the management of transportation of information or goods from one place to another. Logistics involves things like transportation, inventory, packaging, supplies and sometimes, social security and warehousing.

There are many types of logistics, for example : military logistics, business logistics and production logistics and marketing logistics.

A logistics company is an enterprise that provides services for the transportation, processing and storage of goods, assisting its customers in the process of promoting goods from the manufacturer to the consumer.

Canadian Expeditionary Force Command

The Canadian Expeditionary Force Command was the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for military deployments and operations outside Canada. It was formed in 2006. In 2012 it was joined with Canadian Joint Operations Command.

Canada Command

Canada Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for national security, emergency management and domestic operations inside Canada.

Oath of office

An oath of office is an oath a person gains a higher position, usually in government or within a religious body. There are other positions in which people are supposed to take oaths as well, like in the military. When someone makes an oath, they make a promise to follow certain rules and guidelines of the position that they are taking. Some oaths of office are a statement of loyalty to a constitution or other legal text, to a person or other office holder. Under the laws of a state it may be considered treason or a high crime to betray a sworn oath of office. Oaths of office can be a public ceremony, like in the United States with presidential inauguration, or private.

Canadian Operational Support Command

The Canadian Operational Support Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for logistics, engineering and health services.

Duke of York

The Duke of York (sometimes shortened to DOY) is a title of nobility and royalty in the United Kingdom. Dukedom is the highest ranking of royalty before monarch. The wife of the Duke of York is the Duchess of York. The current Duke is Prince Andrew, Duke of York. The first one was Edmund of Langley, who founded the House of York and served as the duke from 1385 until his death in 1402. Since the 15th century, the title has usually been given to the second son of the reigning monarch. Since the second creation, not one of the holders of the title has ever passed it on: they either died without male heirs or became King themselves.

Lamborghini Gallardo

The Lamborghini Gallardo is a sportscar that has been built by Lamborghini since 2003 and is Lamborghini's most-produced model to date. The Gallardo is named after a type of fighting bull. Later, at the Geneva Motor Show 2014, the Gallardo was replaced by the Lamborghini Huracán. There are also police car models of the Gallardo for countries like Italy and England. The Gallardo's superior is the Lamborghini Murciélago. The Lamborghini V10 engine was reused in the Audi R8.


Brian Boucher

Brian Boucher (born January 2, 1977 in Woonsocket, Rhode Island) is a professional American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the NHL. Boucher was drafted into the NHL by the Philadelphia Flyers with the twenty-second overall pick in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft.

Boucher has also played for many other teams in the NHL: Phoenix Coyotes for 3 seasons, Calgary Flames for 1 season, Chicago Blackhawks for 1 season, Columbus Blue Jackets for 1 season and the San Jose Sharks for 2 seasons.


Sauerkraut

Sauerkraut ("sour herb") directly translated from German or "sour cabbage", is finely shredded cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria, including "Leuconostoc", "Lactobacillus", and "Pediococcus". It has a long shelf-life and a distinctive sour flavor, both of which result from the lactic acid that forms when the bacteria ferment the sugars in the cabbage. It is therefore not to be confused with coleslaw, which receives its acidic taste from vinegar. It has its roots in cole flower marinated in honey and fluid from your belly. 

Conservation of legumes with lactic acid has a long history. It was known and used both in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. It was common to eat conserved cabbage during the winter months.

Federal Hall

Federal Hall was the first capitol building of the United States, and was the site where George Washington was inaugurated as America's first president in 1789. In 1700, it was built on Wall Street and named New York City Hall. It was renamed to Federal Hall when it became the capitol under the new United States Constitution.

In 1812, the building was demolished. A new customs house replaced it in 1842. In 1882, a bronze statue of President Washington was made and put in front of the steps. The new building officially became a landmark according to the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission on 21 December 1965.

Cline

In biology, a cline, or 'ecocline', describes a series of connected populations in a species. These populations show a continuous gradient of traits and genetics. The term was coined by the English evolutionary biologist Julian Huxley in 1938. He defined a cline as a species whose members fall into a series of sub-species with continuous change in characters over a geographical area. 

Clines consist of forms of a species that show gradual phenotypic and/or genetic differences over a geographical area. 

The reason for these differences is that the environment is somewhat different in different parts of the range. Populations become adapted to the situation in their areas, but this adaptation is limited by gene flow between neighbouring sub-species.
Genetically, clines result from the change of allele frequencies within the gene pool of the species in question. 

Precancerous condition

A precancerous (or premalignant) condition is not malignant. However, it has the potential to become cancer if proper treatment is not taken in time.

A premalignant lesion is a visually (morphologically) altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its normal counterpart.

The condition was named in 1875 by Romanian physician Victor Babeş.

Nasi lemak

Nasi lemak is a commonly found food in Malaysia and Singapore. It is also an official national food in Malaysia. It is traditionally wrapped up in banana leaves. The rice is usually cooked in coconut cream. Sometimes spices such as ginger are added for their aroma (good smell).
Nasi lemak is sold in hawker centres in Singapore and other ingredients like fried egg, fried chicken wings and "belacan" chilli (made from chilli and shrimp) are added.


New York Provincial Congress

The New York Provincial Congress was an organization that was started by rebels in 1775 during the American Revolution as a replacement for the Province of New York Assembly. It was a replacement for the Committee of One Hundred. There were three provincial congresses until the first Constitutional Convention was founded. The New York Provincial Congress was replaced in 1777.

Battle of Fort Washington

The Battle of Fort Washington was one of the early battles fought in the American Revolutionary War between the United States and Great Britain. It took place on 16 November 1776. The British won the battle.

After winning against the Continental Army (commanded by George Washington), the British army (commanded by William Howe) wanted to capture Fort Washington, the last American stronghold in Manhattan. Washington had thought of leaving the Fort and moving its military camp of 1400 men to New Jersey, but had been convinced by General Nathaniel Greene to fight for it. The garrison was expanded to 3,000 men.

On 16 November, Howe attacked the fort. The assault came from three different directions: the north, east and south. The attack was put off for a short time because of the tides in the Harlem River that stopped some of the troops from landing. When the attack did begin, the southern and western American defenses fell quickly. In the North there was better defense against the attack, but they eventually weakened as well. With the fort surrounded by land and sea the Fort's commander, Robert Magaw, chose to surrender the fort rather than try to hold out. A total of 59 Americans were killed and 2,837 became prisoners of the British. After this defeat the main American army under George Washington was chased across New Jersey and into Pennsylvania, setting the stage for the battles of Trenton and Princeton.

Great Fire of New York (1776)

The Great Fire of New York was a large fire in New York City. It burned through the night of September 21, 1776 on the west side of the former boundaries of New York City at the southern end of the island of Manhattan. It started when the British Army took control of the city during the American Revolutionary War. Many think that Washington's men, who had recently lost the Battle of Long Island, started the fire to hamper British shipping of materials. Others believe that the British Army started the fire in an attempt to burn Whitehall.

The fire destroyed 10 to 25% of the city. Some of the unburned parts of the city were ransacked. The lack of housing made difficulties for war refugees who went to the city to escape the Rebels elsewhere.

Cinematography

Cinematography is the recording of photographic images for cinema. Like still photography, it includes making lighting and camera choices. However, the pictures move. A person who specializes in cinematography is called a cinematographer.

The word cinemetography come from the Greek words "kinema - κίνημα", meaning "movement" and "graphein - γράφειν" meaning "to write".

Movie cameras use a lens to focus reflected light from objects. This light makes an image that is used by an image sensor or a light-sensitive material inside a movie camera. These images are created one after another and saved for later processing and viewing as a motion picture. Images captured with photographic emulsion create a series of invisible images on the film stock. Chemicals are used to "developed" this into visible images. The images on the film stock are projected for viewing the motion picture. 

When using an electronic image sensor, the image creates an electrical charge for each pixel in the image. This kind of camera is a video camera. These are processed and stored in a video file. This file can later be processed or shown. 

Cinematography is used in many fields of science and business as well as for entertainment and mass communication.


Ferenc Fricsay

Ferenc Fricsay (born Budapest, 9 August 1914; died Basel, 20 February 1963) (pronounced "Ferr-'ens 'Frich-sye") was a Hungarian conductor. From 1960 until his death, he was an Austrian citizen.

Fricsay was born in Budapest in 1914. His music teachers were Hungary's most famous composers: Béla Bartók, Zoltán Kodály and Ernst von Dohnányi. He was only 15 when he conducted his first concert, and he soon became very famous. He became music director of the then newly formed RIAS Symphony Orchestra in Germany in 1949. He was conductor of the Houston Symphony in 1954. He spent much of his time from the 1950s onward in Germany as conductor of the Bavarian State Opera (1956–1958), the RIAS Symphony Orchestra, the Deutsche Oper Berlin and the Berlin Philharmonic.

From the 1950s until his death, he recorded for the Deutsche Grammophon record label. Fricsay gave his last concert on 7 December 1961 in London where he conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra in Beethoven's "Symphony No. 7". He was often ill during his life, and he died of stomach cancer on 20 February 1963 at the age of 48 in Basel, Switzerland. He was buried in Ermatingen, a village at Lake Constance. His mother Berta died shortly after him and was buried in the same grave.

Fricsay was known for his interpretations of the music of Mozart and Beethoven, as well as that of his teacher Béla Bartók. His 1958 recording of Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9" is featured in the movie "A Clockwork Orange".

Many musicians still think his recordings are among the very best.


Irmgard Seefried

Irmgard Seefried (born Köngetried, Bavaria, 9 October 1919; died Vienna, 24 November 1988) was a famous German soprano who sang opera and lieder.

Irmgard Seefried was born in Köngetried, near Mindelheim, Bavaria, Germany. She studied at Augsburg University. Her first appearance in opera was in Aachen where she sang the role of the priestess in Verdi's "Aida" in 1940. She soon began to sing leading parts, and in 1943 she sang the part of Eva in Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" at the Vienna State Opera conducted by Karl Böhm. Since then, she belonged to the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera until she retired in 1976.

She sang at the Salzburg Festival nearly every year and gave many recitals. She appeared at the Royal Opera House of Covent Garden in London from 1947 to 1949, and also La Scala in Milan, Edinburgh Festival, etc. She sang at the Metropolitan Opera in New York during the 1953 -a1954 season the role of Susanna in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro"

She is especially remembered for her singing of the music of Mozart and Richard Strauss, but she also sang in other composers' operas; the title role in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly", Marie in Alban Berg's "Wozzeck", Eva in "Der Meistersinger von Nürnberg", Blanche in Poulenc's "Dialogues des Carmélites", and the title role in Janáček's "Káťa Kabanová". She was a great "lieder" singer and several of her Salzburg Festival recitals were recorded. She left many recordings of oratorio and sacred music by Bach, Mozart, Haydn (including at least four different performances of the Angel Gabriel in "Die Schöpfung"), Brahms, Fauré, Beethoven, Dvořák, and Stravinsky.

Although she was a high soprano, she performed, and recorded, both the trousers roles of the Composer in Strauss's "Ariadne auf Naxos" and Octavian in "Der Rosenkavalier".

She often sang with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, who said in an interview that Seefried could do easily some things which other singers struggled all their lives to do. 

She was married to the Austrian violinist Wolfgang Schneiderhan from 1948 until her death. 

After retirement, she taught students at Vienna Music Academy and Salzburg Mozarteum. She died aged 69 in Vienna in 1988.

Mica

The mica group of minerals are aluminosilicates with various metals. They split into fine sheets, which puts them in the phyllosilicate group of silicate minerals.

Mica includes several closely related materials having perfect basal cleavage. 

All are monoclinic which means their crystals are shaped like one kind of prism. They tend towards pseudo-hexagonal crystals and are similar in chemical composition. The highly perfect cleavage, which is the most prominent characteristic of mica, is explained by the hexagonal sheet-like arrangement of its atoms.

Being excellent electrical insulators, they are used in electronic equipment including capacitors.

Talc

Talc (from the Arabic "talk") is a silicate mineral, a type of clay. It is the standard for grade 1 in the Mohs scale of mineral hardness. A fingernail can easily scratch it. Talc is composed of hydrated magnesium silicate with the chemical formula MgSiO(OH). Talc and pyrophyllite are very similar, but pyrophyllite may be slightly harder.

Talc has a greasy feel and a translucent, soapy look. In loose form, it is the widely used substance known as talcum powder. Steatite, also called soapstone, is a rock with a lot of talc.

Vugar Gashimov

Vugar Gashimov (24 July 1986 – 11 January 2014) was a leading chess grandmaster from Azerbaijan who died recently from a brain tumour.

Gashimov was a noted player of bullet chess (2/3 minutes a side), and three times Azerbaijani national chess champion (1995, 1996 and 1998).
He won at Athens 2005 (Acropolis International). He was a two-times winner of the huge Cappelle-la-Grande Open: in 2007 and 2008 (with other players).

Gashimov played for Azerbaijan in the Chess Olympiads of 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008. He played in the gold medal-winning Azerbaijani team at the European Team Chess Championship in Novi Sad in 2009, alongside Shakhriyar Mamedyarov, Teimour Radjabov, Rauf Mammadov and Gadir Guseinov. He won the bronze medal in 2007.

Gashimov was treated for a brain tumor in a hospital in Heidelberg, Germany, and died on the night of 11 January 2014.

Ian Nepomniachtchi

Ian Nepomniachtchi (born 14 July 1990) is a Russian chess grandmaster and former Russian chess champion. 

He won the European Youth Chess Championship three times, in 2000 in the U10 class and in 2001 and 2002 in the U12 class. In 2002 he also won the World Youth Chess Championship in the U12 class. By winning the Aeroflot Open in Moscow in February 2008, he qualified for the 2008 Dortmund Sparkassen Chess Meeting. In 2010, in Rijeka, he won the European Individual Chess Championship with 9/11. In the same year, in Moscow, he won the Russian Chess Championship; he defeated Sergey Karjakin in a playoff. In 2019, Nepomniachtchi played in the FIDE Grand Prix. He finished second in this tournament. Nepomniachtchi's second place finish qualified him to play in the Candidates Tournament 2020–21. On 26 April 2021 Nepomniachtchi won the Candidates tournament. Winning the Candidates tournamet qualifies Neopmniachtchi to play in the World Chess Championship 2021 match against the current World Chess Champion, Magnus Carlsen. He lost the World Chess Championship match 2021 in Dubai to Magnus. In 2022, he won the Canddates Match again.

Hao Wang

Hao Wang (), born 4 August 1989 in Harbin, Heilongjiang, is a Chinese chess grandmaster. 

In November 2009, Wang became the fourth ever Chinese player to cross the 2700 rating mark. 

He was the 2010 Chinese chess champion, and was ranked #1 in China and #15 in the world in July 2012.

Lee Hae-chan

Lee Hae-chan (, born July 10 1957) is a Korean politician, journalist and writer. In 2004, he became the 36th Prime minister of South Korea. He was the 38th education minister from March 3, 1998, to May 24, 1999. He became deputy mayor of Seoul in 1995.

Lee started his political career as an liberal activist. In 1988, he was elected to Parliament. He has been re-elected seven times since then; in 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, and 2012.

In 1995, Lee was appointed to deputy mayor of Seoul. He only had the job briefly, however, because he resigned. From 1998 to 1999 he was Education Minister. During that time, he made reforms to education in the country, fought corruption, bribery and incompetency in schools, and reduced the age of retirement.



Gata Kamsky

Gata Kamsky (born June 2, 1974) is a Soviet-born American chess grandmaster. Kamsky won the 2010 Grenke Open World Rapid Chess Championship. He is rated #2 in the United States.

Kamsky was a prodigy who reached the final of the FIDE World Chess Championship 1996 at the age of 22, and reached a ranking of fourth in the world in 1996. He played almost no FIDE-rated games between 1997 and late 2004. He was studying medicine at the time.

Kamsky won the Chess World Cup 2007. This earned him a match against Veselin Topalov for the right to challenge for the World Chess Championship 2010, which he lost. Kamsky also played in the Candidates Tournament to determine the challenger for the World Chess Championship 2012. He advanced to the semifinals before losing to Boris Gelfand.

Radosław Wojtaszek

Radosław Wojtaszek (born 13 January 1987 in Elbląg, Poland) is a Polish chess Grandmaster. In 2004 he won the European Youth Chess Championship (U-18), the World Youth Chess Championships (U-18) and the Cracovia Open with 7.5/9.

Wojtaszek won the Polish Chess Championship in 2005.
In 2006 he played for the Polish team at the Chess Olympiad played in Turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games.
In 2008 Wojtaszek was one of world champion Anand's official seconds for the match with Kramnik.
In December 2008 Wojtaszek became the European rapid chess champion.

In 2009 Wojtaszek finished second in the Polish championship, shared second at the international tournament in Lublin and won the Najdorf memorial played in Warsaw. In 2009/10 he tied for 1st5th at the 39th Rilton Cup in Stockholm.
In January 2010 Wojtaszek finished again second in Polish championship.

In 2010 Wojtaszek was again one of world champion Anand official seconds for the match with Topalov.
Wojtaszek won the 5th International Tournament of Polonia Wrocław played between the end of June and beginning of July 2010. At the San Juan International tournament in Pamplona he scored 6.5 points out of 9 games winning the tournament.

At the Chess Olympiad in Khanty Mansiysk, Wojtaszek played on the first board for Poland scoring 6 points in 9 games.

Nissan Maxima

The Nissan Maxima is an automobile produced by Nissan Motor Company in eight generations from 1981 to 2023. It is a 4-door sedan with a 6-cylinder petrol engine.

Violeta Chamorro

Violeta Barrios Torres de Chamorro (Born October 18, 1929 in Rivas, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan . She and was President of Nicaragua from 1990 to 1996. Her husband, Pedro Chamorro, was a newspaper editor. He was assassinated in 1978. She took over as editor of the paper, La Prensa.

François Duvalier

François Duvalier (14 April 1907 – 21 April 1971), known as "Papa Doc" because he was once a doctor, was the President (dictator) and Head of State of Haiti from 1957 until his death. He was excommunicated from the Catholic Church for expelling foreign-born bishops. 

Like many rulers of Haiti, he was called "President for Life". His widow was Simone Duvalier. When he died their son, Jean-Claude Duvalier, called "Baby Doc", became President.

He was born and died at Port-au-Prince, Haiti. He died of diabetes and heart disease. 

Kratos

Kratos is a minor Ancient Greek god or demon. His name comes from the Greek word for "power" or "strength". He was a guardian of the throne of Zeus. Kratos was the second son of Zeus and also the brother of Nike, Zelus, and Bia. He was one of the few people who dragged Prometheus to the rock where he was chained. His name is used as part of other words about power, including democracy, theocracy, plutocracy, aristocracy and dictator.

This Kratos is not to be confused with the protagonist of the video game franchise "God of War." That Kratos is a Spartan warrior and son of Zeus, who is enslaved by Ares, the Greek God of War. Over the course of the original God of War game, Kratos escapes bondage and becomes the new God of War by slaying Ares. However, that title is stripped from Kratos by Zeus at the beginning of God of War II.

Charophyceae

The Charophyceae are the green algae closest to plants.

Their exact rank is the matter of some debate. Some botanists recommend expanding the existing plant kingdom to include charophyceans and chlorophytes.

Others classify Charophyceae as a class under division Charophyta, with Chlorophyta remaining a distinct division. There are also other possibilities.

The consensus among botanists is that charophyceans are the organisms most closely related to land plants (embryophytes).

Many of the complex plant traits related to sexual reproduction evolved first in charophyceans. Analysis of cpDNA (chloroplast DNA) shows that characteristics of plant chloroplasts also evolved first in the charophyceans, before the Zygnematales diverged from the lineage that lead to Coleochaetales, Charales, and the land plants.

Groups generally included within the Charophyceae are:

Proactivity

In behavioural psychology, proactivity is thinking ahead. It means doing things before they are needed. It also means preventing something before it happens. It means the same thing as "anticipation".

The term is often used in organizational behaviour. Proactive behaviour by individuals anticipates situations in the workplace. It means acting in advance of a situation, rather than just reacting afterwards. Proactive employees usually do not need to be asked to do something. They also do not need detailed instructions. Reactive employees are often controlled by the situation around them. In an unfamiliar situation they need instructions.

Chlorophyta

Chlorophyta are a division of green algae.

It includes about 7,000 species of mostly aquatic photosynthetic eukaryote organisms.

Like the land plants, green algae contain chlorophylls "a" and "b", and store food as starch in their plastids. Most species are flagellate in at least one stage of their life cycle.

They are related to the Charophyceae (also called Charophyta) and land plants, together making up the Viridiplantae.
The division contains both unicellular and multicellular species. While most species live in freshwater habitats and a large number in marine habitats, other species are adapted to a wide range of environments. Watermelon snow, or "Chlamydomonas nivalis", lives on summer alpine snowfields. Others live attached to rocks or woody parts of trees. Some lichens are symbiotic relationships between fungi and green algae.

Members of the Chlorophyta also form symbiotic relationships with protozoa, sponges and cnidarians. Some conduct sexual reproduction.

Extremism

Political views and ideas which are far from the mainstream are called extremist. Such views often violate common moral standards. As an example, a group that wants to replace a democratic form of government with a totalitarian one is almost always considered extremist. Political or religious fundamentalism as well as fanaticism can also be seen as extremist.

What is seen as extremist varies by country. People who support that Muslim women should wear a burqa may be seen as extremist in France, but such an opinion may not be extremist in Afghanistan or Saudi Arabia.

David Moss (ice hockey)

David Moss (born December 28, 1981 in Livonia, Michigan) is an NHL ice hockey right winger for the Calgary Flames. He was picked by the Calgary Flames with the 220th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. He played college hockey at the University of Michigan with the Michigan Wolverines ice hockey team.

Moss is the cousin of current Toronto Maple Leaf, Phil Kessel.


Zilda Arns

Dr. Zilda Arns (August 25, 1934 - January 12, 2010) was a Brazilian doctor and in 1983 set up the Children's Pastoral. Children's Pastoral is a Catholic church based organization which teaches mother basic health care skills. It has saved the lives of thousands of babies in Brazil.

She was born in the south of Brazil to German parents. She studied medicine at university and then set up clinics in Curitiba. She soon saw that much of the sickness, such as diarrhoea and dehydration could be prevented if parents knew how to care properly for their children. In 1983, her brother, Paulo Evaristo Arns, a bishop in the Catholic Church encouraged her to set up Children's Pastoral. It is now in 42,000 Brazilian communities, and has over 260,000 trained volunteers.

In 2007, Arns was given the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public service.

Arns was killed in the 2010 Haiti earthquake while speaking to a church group. She had gone there on a visit to a missionary organization helping with the care of babies.

Marshall Warren Nirenberg

Marshall Warren Nirenberg (April 10, 1927 - January 15, 2010) was an American biochemist. He won the 1968 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Robert W. Holley and H. Gobind Khorana, for work on the genetic code and protein synthesis 

Transphobia

Transphobia or transmisia is any prejudice or discrimination based on bad feelings toward transgender or transsexual people. This also means refusing them the chance to take part in society, have a job, or forcing prostitution out of them, not only hate speech or hate crime against the transgender person. In 2009, to prohibit hate crime against transgender people, the Matthew Shepard Act was passed in the United States.

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees points out that asylum seekers because of gender identity are covered by the Yogyakarta Principles. A transgender woman who escaped from Guatemala to Denmark was put into a male centre and raped there. Now she is in danger to be returned into Guatemala by Danish government.

Transphobia is common all over the world. It is also found in social justice movements such as feminism. It is especially associated with radical feminism. 'Transmisogyny' is a word that refers to transphobia towards trans women. Julia Serano made it popular with her book "Whipping Girl". Cissexism is sometimes used as a synonym for transphobia, and cisphobia is sometimes used as its antonym.

Misgendering is when someone does not use the pronouns preferred by a transgender person, deliberately or by accident. Deadnaming is using a name that someone used before transitioning.
In a 2012 study of transgender people in the United Kingdom, 14% had been sexually assaulted for being transgender. 6% had been raped because they were transgender. These are hate crimes. 38% had been sexually harassed because they were transgender. A review of American studies on sexual violence against transgender people found that about 50% of transgender people had been sexually assaulted.

In the National Transgender Discrimination Survey 19% had become homeless at some time in their lives because they were transgender.

In 2013 there was a study of transphobia in the American workforce. It found that 26% of transgender people had been fired for being transgender. Transgender people are not protected against employment discrimination under US law. The National Transgender Discrimination Survey found that 60% of Native American transgender people had not been given a job because of being transgender. 10% were sexually assaulted at work.

Transgender people are put in prison more often than cisgender (non-transgender) people. The biggest study about discrimination against transgender people found that 16% of transgender people had been in prison. Black transgender people were even more likely to have been in prison. 41% of black transgender people said that they had been put in prison because of discrimination. They are often not put in prisons that match their gender identities. They may also be refused hormones. A famous example of this is Chelsea Manning.

Transphobia has been identified as a predictor of HIV risk and suicide attempts in transgender people. A study found that transgender women are 49 times more likely to have HIV compared with adults in general.
In a case before the Human Rights Tribunal in British Columbia several business owners were sued for refusing service to a transgender woman. The transgender person lost the case.


Brad Maxwell

Brad Robert Maxwell (born July 8, 1957 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. During his junior career he won the Memorial Cup in 1977 as a member of the New Westminster Bruins. Following that season Maxwell was selected seventh overall in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft by the Minnesota North Stars. He spent time playing for Minnesota, the Quebec Nordiques, the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Vancouver Canucks and the New York Rangers before retiring in 1987.

Viridiplantae

Viridiplants (Viridiplantae, 'green plants') are the clade which includes the green algae and land plants.

In some classification systems they have been called Plantae, by expanding the traditional plant kingdom (Embryophytes) to include the green algae.

Adl and colleagues, who produced a classification for eukaryotes in 2005, used the name Chloroplastida for this group, reflecting the group having primary chloroplasts with green chlorophyll. They rejected the name Viridiplantae on the grounds that most of the species are not plants, as understood traditionally.

There are more than 350,000 species of Viridiplantae.

The monophyletic Chlorophyta and Charophyta are classified under Viridiplantae. A common classification is:
'Green algae' is not used here because they are definitely not monophyletic. It is just a convenience term for Chlorophyta and Charophyta together.

There are different opinions about the classification. Another opinion is that only the Charophyceae are closely related to land plants, and that arrangement is simplified as:

Bernie Morris

Bernard Patrick Morris (August 21, 1890 - May 16, 1963) was an Canadian ice hockey player for the old Seattle Metropolitans of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association. When the Metropolitans became the first U.S.-based team to win the Stanley Cup in 1917, Morris scored 14 of Seattle's goals (in a best-of-five series).

Born in Brandon, Manitoba, Morris played for several senior teams in Manitoba and Saskatchewan before joining the Victoria Aristocrats of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA) in 1914. He moved over to Seattle the following season, and played eight seasons for Seattle, and was a member of the Stanley Cup champion 1917 team. He played in two other Finals, the ill-fated 1919 series, and the 1923 series. He had an outstanding 1917 series, scoring 14 goals in four games. In 1923, he joined the Calgary Tigers and played a season and a half before joining the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). From 1925 unil 1930, he finished his career with various teams in the minor California Pro League, the Can-Pro and International League.

Johan Ferrier

Johan Henri Eliza Ferrier (12 May 1910 – 4 January 2010) was the last governor of Suriname, and then became its first president in 1975. Ferrier was a teacher, a trade union leader and a radio pioneer. In 1946 he helped start the National Party of Suriname.

Suriname was a Dutch colony, and Ferrier was made an adviser to the Minister of Education. In 1968 he was made Governor of Suriname. The country became independent on November 25, 1975, and Ferrier was made the first President of Suriname. The government was overthrown by a military coup in 1980, led by Desi Bouterse.

Ferrier and his family moved to the Netherlands where he wrote a children's book called "The Anansi Book".

Stimulation of nipples

x| Oral nipple stimulation]]
Stimulation of nipples is a sexual act of humans. Stimulation of the nipples is known to cause the body to release a hormone called oxytocin. Oxytocin is known to aid in the bonding of individuals.

Natural rights and legal rights

Natural rights are rights that believe it is important for all humans and animals to have. These rights are often called "inalienable", meaning they can never be taken away. 

The idea first came up in ancient times but was discussed most famously by English philosopher John Locke in the 1600's. Locke said that the most important natural rights are "Life, Liberty, and Property". In the United States Declaration of Independence, the natural rights mentioned are "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness". The idea was also found in the Declaration of the Rights of Man. Locke, Jefferson, and others think that the purpose of government is to protect peoples' natural rights. A social contract is an implicit agreement among the members of a society to cooperate for social benefits. There have been many times in history that natural rights have been breached by both governments and individual people.


Trisha Yearwood

Patricia Lynn "Trisha" Yearwood (born September 19, 1964) is an American country music singer and songwriter. Her first charting single was in 1991.




Chimera (mythology)

The Chimera (, "Khimaira", from , "khimaros", "she-goat") according to Greek mythology, was a fire-breathing monster that was composed of several different animals. The chimera is only one of several famous mythological hybrids. As with all mythical creatures, there is the question of its origin. In some traditions, the Chimera was one of the offspring of Typhon and Echidna and sister of such monsters as Cerberus and the Lernaean Hydra. However, the chimera does not appear to have an existence in physical reality, save for the individual animals from which it is composed.

The most common description of the chimera comes from Homer's "Iliad", in which the creature is said to have the head, and legs of a lion, the body of a goat, and tail of a snake. It is also believed to breathe fire and be female, despite the mane adorning the lions head. The chimera was said to be incredibly vicious and powerful, especially since as one single creature, it possessed the abilities of three separate animals.

The Chimera was eventually killed by the hero Bellerophon. 

Lou Bega

Lou Bega was born as David Lubega on 13 April 1975 in Munich, Germany.

He is a Latin pop musician, famous for his song “Mambo No. 5”. This song is a remake of the Perez Prado instrumental from 1952. Bega added new lyrics to the song and sampled the original version extensively.

Bega had a multicultural upbringing as his mother is Sicilian and his father is from Uganda. Bega spent time in Miami during his teenage years.

Lou Bega has made music for Tropico video game.

Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson

Bjørnstjerne Martinius Bjørnson (born 8 December 1832 in Kvikne, Norway - died 26 April 1910 in Paris, France) was a Norwegian playwright, author and poet who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1903.

His father was a Lutheran minister, but Bjørnson rejected organized religion. He married Karoline Reimers, a famous stage actress, and their son Bjørn also had great success as a stage actor, and appeared in a few early silent films. Their daughter, Bergljot, married Henrik Ibsen's son Sigurd.

He attended grammar school, Heltbergs Studentfabrikk in Oslo, with Henrik Ibsen, but dropped out of a course at the University of Oslo. By his early twenties he was writing literature reviews for the Norwegian newspaper, Morgenbladet. At 25 he wrote his first produced play, "Mellem Slagene" (Between the Battles). His "Paul Lange og Tora Parsberg" was a statement for political tolerance, and "På Guds veie" ("In God's Way") for religious tolerance. He is best known internationally for his tales of peasant life in Norway. His novel, "Synnöve Solbakken", has been filmed three times. Bjørnson also worked as a stage director, and later served as editor of another paper, Aftenbladet, where he wrote fiery liberal editorials and passionately defended Alfred Dreyfus. His poem, "Yes, We Love This Land", is the Norwegian national anthem.

The cause of his death is unknown.



Ragnar Granit

Ragnar Arthur Granit (30 October 1900 – 12 March 1991) was a Finnish-Swedish doctor and scientist. He won the 1967 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on the eye.

His father was a forester, Arthur Wilhelm Granit, and his mother was Albertina Helena Malmberg Granit. Ragnar Granit married Baroness Marguerite Emma Bruun ("Daisy") in 1929.

For his research into the internal electrical impulses that take place as the eye processes vision, Ragnar Granit was given the 1967 Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology.

Granit received Swedish citizenship during World War II, and once said that his Nobel Prize "belongs fifty-fifty to Finland and Sweden".


Copper (color)

Copper is the color of the metal copper. It is a purplish-orange color.

The first recorded use of "copper" as a color name in English was in 1594.



Skandar Keynes

Skandar Keynes, or ‘”Alexander Amin Caspar Keynes” is a British actor, born 5 September 1991. He starred Edmund Pevensie in The Chronicles of Narnia. He appeared in all three movies, "" (2005), "" (2008) and "", which was released on December 10, 2010.

Keynes was born in London. He was the son of Zelfa Hourani and author Randal Keynes. He has an older sister, Soumaya Keynes (born 1989), who also starred in many productions of the BBC Radio 4. His grandparents by his mother’s side were Furugh Afnan and Cecil Fadlo Hourani. Cecil Fadlo Hourani used to be an author and also advisor to Habib Bourguiba, the late Tunisian president. Cecil Hourani was also the brother of Albert Hourani, a historian who studied about the Middle East. The Hourani family were immigrants to England.
On his father’s side, Keynes is the grandson of Richard Keynes, the nephew of the Cambridge professor Simon Keynes, and the great-great-nephew of John Maynard Keynes, an economist. His great-great-great-grandfather was the famous naturalist Charles Darwin, who invented the theory of evolution. Keynes' great-grandparents were Edgar Adroam. 1st Barpm Adoroam and Hester Adrian, Baroness Adrian, both receivers of the Nobel Prize.
Keynes had stated that he is an atheist. Keynes attended the Anna Scher Theatre School from 2000 to 2005. He went to the all-boys City of London School, and took his GCSEs in May and June 2008. He studied biology, chemistry, maths, and history at A-level. In October 2010 he began his degree in Arabic and Middle Eastern History at Pembroke College, Cambridge. He is currently a movie critic, writing for "The Citizen", the City of London School weekly school newspaper. He is also a fan of English football club Arsenal.

Keynes lives presently in Highbury, London.

He auditioned for "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" at the same time as he asked for the role of Simon Brown in "Nanny McPhee", but lost the role to Thomas Sangster. His voice got deeper when he was filming "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", so his sister Soumaya had to voice some of his lines.

Recently, he starred in "The Voyage of the Dawn Treader", the third installment of "The Chronicles of Narnia" movie series. The filming began in July 2009, and finished in December of the same year. The movie was released on 10 December 2010 in Britain and the US.


Shin-Ōsaka Station

Shin-Ōsaka Station (新大阪駅,しんおおさかえき) is a railway station of JR West, JR Central and Osaka Municipal Subway in Yodogawa-ku, Osaka, Japan.


Fontainebleau

Fontainebleau () is a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris, France. It is south-southeast of the centre of Paris. 

Fontainebleau is a sub-prefecture of the Seine-et-Marne department. It is the seat of the Arrondissement of Fontainebleau. The commune has the largest land area in the Île-de-France region. It is the only one to cover a larger area than Paris itself.

Fontainebleau, together with the neighbouring commune of Avon, Seine-et-Marne and three other smaller communes, form an urban area of 36,713 people (according to the 1999 census). This urban area is a satellite of Paris.

Fontainebleau is known for the large and scenic Forest of Fontainebleau, a favourite weekend getaway for Parisians. It is also known for the historical Palace of Fontainebleau, which once belonged to the kings of France.

Mudrock

Mudrocks make up most of the sedimentary rocks on Earth. They are a class of fine grained siliciclastic sedimentary rocks.

The types of mudrocks include: "siltstone", "claystone", "mudstone", "slate", and "shale".

Most of the particles are less than 0.0625 mm (1/16th mm or 0.0025 inches) and are too small to study readily in the field. At first sight the rock types look quite similar; however, there are important differences in composition and naming.

There has been a great deal of disagreement about the classification of mudrocks. There are some reasons for this:

Mudrocks make up half of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record, and are easily the most widespread deposits on Earth. Fine sediment is the most abundant product of erosion, which is why mudrocks are so common.

With increased pressure over time the platey clay minerals may become aligned, with the appearance of parallel layering (fissility). This finely bedded material which splits readily into thin layers is called "shale", as distinct from "mudstone".

From the beginning of civilization, when pottery and mudbricks were made by hand, to now, mudrocks have been important. The first book on mudrocks was not published until 1964. However, scientists, engineers, and oil producers have understood the significance of mudrocks since the discovery of the Burgess Shale and the relatedness of mudrocks and oil.


Siltstone

A siltstone is a mudrock. For a rock to be a siltstone, it must be over fifty percent silt-sized material.

Silt is any particle smaller than sand, 1/16th of a millimeter (~0.06 mm), and larger than clay, 1/256th (~0.004 mm) of millimeter. Silt is the product of physical weathering, such as freezing and thawing. Physical weathering does not involve any chemical changes in the rock, just its physical breaking apart.

One of the highest proportions of silt found on Earth is in the Himalayas, which get rainfall of up to five to ten meters (16 to 33 feet) a year. Quartz and feldspar are the biggest contributors to silt. Silt tends to be non-cohesive, non-plastic, but can liquefy easily.

There is a simple field test to judge whether a rock is a siltstone or not, and that is to put the rock to one's teeth. If the rock feels "gritty" against one's teeth, than it is a siltstone.


Maria Mitchell

Maria Mitchell (1818–1889) was one of the first female astronomers. She was born in Nantucket, Massachusetts. She attended a local girls school. Later, Mitchell attended a school run by her father. Mitchell opened her own school when she was 17. Her school had many programs. These programs allowed students to birdwatch. They also allowed students to observe astronomy.

Mitchell’s love for astronomy started when her father began keeping a small observatory. She began to observe space and notice things. The accomplishment that made Mitchell famous was when she discovered a comet in October 1847. The comet was later known as Miss Mitchell's comet, and is now called C/1847 T1. She received a medal from the king of Denmark after discovering the comet.

Mitchell also helped make accurate calculations of time, latitude, and longitude. Mitchell became the first woman elected to join the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the year after. In 1850, she joined the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Afterward, she became professor of astronomy at Vassar College in 1865. She stayed there until she retired in 1888. Mitchell died one year later at age 71.

After Mitchell’s death, she was recognized as a great astronomer. In 1905, she was elected into the Hall of Fame for Great Americans.

Mudstone

A mudstone is a siliciclastic sedimentary rock which has a mixture of silt- and clay-sized particles (at least 1/3 of each). So, a mudstone is a type of mudrock with a more varied grain size than either siltstones or claystones.

Alternatively, some sources say it is a synonym for mudrock.

A claystone is a mudrock which does not split easily.

In order for a rock to be a claystone, it must be up to half (50%) clay, whose particles measure less than 1/256th of a millimeter.


Lego Mindstorms NXT

Lego Mindstorms NXT is a robotic kit. It is made to build and program first robot in 30 minutes. The kit replaces a system called Robotics Invention System. The available versions are: "Lego Mindstorms NXT 1.0" (set #8527), "Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0" (set #8547) and "Lego Mindstorms Education NXT" (set #9797). It comes with the NXT-G programming software. It is possible to use unofficial programming languages, such as NXC, NBC, leJOS NXJ, and RobotC using software that is not included with the kit.

The main component in the kit is computer module that controls the robot's movements and actions called the "NXT Intelligent Brick". It has 32-bit microprocessor, four inputs, three outputs, Bluetooth communications, a speaker, 1 USB 2.0 port, and a 100×64 LCD display. Also, the NXT includes three powerful servo motors with rotation sensors. Very simple programs can be created in the menu on the "NXT Intelligent Brick "without a computer. More complicated programs can be downloaded via Bluetooth or USB from the computer to the robot. The graphical, drag-and-drop programming language NXT-G is simple, but complete enough to be usable.

The NXT comes with five types of sensors: Touch, Light, Sound, Ultrasonic, and Rotation. The sound sensor is not included in the Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0 kit. 

In the "Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0" is new Colour sensor. It can detects different colours and measure the amount of reflected light and ambient light.

Audi 100

The Audi 100 is a car produced by Audi from 1968 to 1994. It was available as 4-door saloon and 5-door estate. It was replaced by the Audi A6. A 5-cylinder petrol version was sold as Audi 200.

The Night Santa Went Crazy

"The Night Santa Went Crazy" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a style parody of "Black Gold" by Soul Asylum. 

Lorne Michaels

Lorne Michaels (born November 17, 1944) is the creator of "Saturday Night Live". He has also produced movies. Michaels was born in Toronto. He moved to Los Angeles in 1968. He is the executive producer of "The Tonight Show" as well as "Late Night with Seth Meyers". Michaels was given an Honorary Doctorate from Ryerson University in 1999.

Alaska Marine Highway

The Alaska Marine Highway or the Alaska Marine Highway System (AMHS) is a ferry service operated by the government of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is based in Ketchikan, Alaska. The ferries have many different ways of being used. Passengers can stay inside in lounges or individual cabins, or can stay outside on the "sun deck." You can also bring a car or other vehicle with you for more money. The ferries operate along the coast of Alaska and also out to the Aleutian Islands. They also run all the way down to Bellingham, Washington sometimes. 

Yi Jianlian

Yi Jianlian (born October 27, 1984 in Heshan, Guangdong) is an Chinese former professional basketball player. Yi began his professional career in China with the Tigers, and was chosen with the sixth pick in the 2007 NBA Draft by the Milwaukee Bucks. He played for the Bucks from 2007-08, the New Jersey Nets from 2008-10, and the Washington Wizards in 2010–11, after which he became a free agent. Because the NBA's owners locked out the players at the start of the 2011–12 season, Yi returned to China to play with the Tigers. Once the lockout ended, he returned to the U.S. and signed with the Dallas Mavericks. He played two games with the Texas Legends of the D-League before joining the Mavericks for the rest of that season. After the 2011–12 season, Yi once again returned to his original Chinese team.

Yi was featured on the cover of the August 24, 2003 issue of Time magazine.

On August 30, 2023, Yi decided to retire from playing professional basketball after his last season with the Guangdong Southern Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).

Since he was drafted by the Bucks, his age has been the subject of controversy. There is strong evidence that he was actually born in 1984 not in 1987 as first thought. It is widely thought that Chinese officials lied about his age so that he could play for more years in tournaments for younger players (under 19, or under 21). One Chinese basketball official admitted in 2006 that past Chinese junior teams included over-age players, and an American who played with Yi in China has said that players' ages were often changed. Yi has never commented on his age. In 2007 and 2008, Yi's date of birth was further scrutinized as being 27 October 1984, including a Chinese reporter discovering a high school enrollment form from 1997 that listed Yi as being born on 27 October 1984.

Günther (singer)

Mats Söderlund (better known by his stage name, Günther) is a Swedish Europop/Eurodance singer and songwriter. 

Günther is probably best known for his song, "Ding Dong Song" which featured the lyrics ""Ooohh, you touch my tralala... Mmmmm, My ding ding dong."".


Eudibamus

Eudibamus is an extinct genius of biped bolosaurid (a reptile) from the early Permian some 290 million years ago of Germany. "Eudibamus" is claimed to be the first bipedal vertebrate.

National Geographic Society

The National Geographic Society is one of the world's largest nonprofit scientific and educational organizations. Founded in January 27, 1888 to "increase and diffuse geographic knowledge," the Society works to inspire people to care about the planet. It reaches more than 350 million people worldwide each month through its official journal, "National Geographic", and four other magazines; National Geographic Channel; television documentaries; radio programs; films; books; DVDs; maps; and interactive media. National Geographic has funded more than 8,000 scientific research projects and supports an education program combating geographic illiteracy.

The National Geographic Society (NGS), headquartered in Washington, D.C. in the United States, is one of the largest non-profit scientific and educational institutions in the world. Its interests include geography, archaeology and natural science, the promotion of environmental and historical conservation, and the study of world culture and history. The National Geographic Society’s logo is a yellow rectangular border, which became famous while appearing around each front page of the society's magazine.

Lactose intolerance

Lactose intolerance is when a person cannot digest milk or milk products (such as cheese or yogurt). All mammals start off on mother's milk, and almost all change to a non-milk diet, a process we call "weaning".

Lactose is a disaccharide sugar (double sugar molecule). To be digested it must be split (digested) into two simple sugars (monosaccharides), glucose and galactose. 

An enzyme called lactase is needed to break it down. People with lactose intolerance do not have this enzyme or make only small quantities. Because of this they are unable to digest lactose.

Up to 75% of people worldwide begin to lose the ability to digest lactose as they grow into adults. This loss of ability ranges from 5% in northern Europe, to over 71% in Sicily and to over 90% in parts of Africa and Asia. There is no cure for lactose intolerance. Those people need to change their diet to eat and drink substances with very little lactose. There are many milk substitutes. 

Milk is not a fermented product. If is not digested, then it may ferment in the small intestine which can cause a problem called pseudoallergy. Amino acids are changed to other substances, which may act in much the same way as histamine in a true allergy.

Lactose intolerance is not the same as milk allergy, which is an immune reaction to some of the proteins in milk.
Lactose intolerance can cause symptoms such as farting, diarrhea, bloating, stomach rumble and stomachache. The undigested lactose travels through the digestive system, causing various symptoms. 

One of the most common symptoms of lactose intolerance is bloating and gas. When lactose is not properly broken down, it ferments in the large intestine, causing gas to build up, leading to abdominal bloating, discomfort, and pain.

Diarrhea is another common symptom of lactose intolerance. The unabsorbed lactose draws water into the colon, leading to loose, watery stools. While diarrhea is a common symptom of lactose intolerance, some individuals may experience constipation instead. This occurs when the undigested lactose slows down the movement of stool through the digestive tract. Nausea and vomiting may occur in individuals who are lactose intolerant. When lactose remains undigested, it can cause irritation to the lining of the stomach, leading to various symptoms of lactose intolerance. Abdominal pain and cramps are also the symptoms of lactose intolerance. These may range from mild discomfort to severe pain. In some cases, lactose intolerance can lead to headaches. The reason for this is not clear, but it may be due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose in the gut. Fatigue is another symptom that may occur in individuals with lactose intolerance. This is due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose, which can lead to a general feeling of tiredness. In rare cases, lactose intolerance may cause skin problems such as eczema and acne. This is thought to be due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose in the body. Anemia is a medical condition characterized by an insufficient number of red blood cells in the body. In some cases, lactose intolerance may lead to anemia due to the malabsorption of nutrients caused by undigested lactose. Weight loss is a rare symptom of lactose intolerance. This occurs when the individual avoids dairy products altogether, leading to a decrease in calorie intake.

The signs and symptoms of lactose intolerance may vary from person to person. However, if you experience any of the symptoms mentioned above after consuming dairy products, you may have lactose intolerance. It is essential to consult a healthcare professional to confirm the diagnosis and receive appropriate treatment.

Normally infant mammals drink their mother's milk. Then the gene which causes the body to make lactase is switched off, and the young move on to adult food. They can no longer digest milk.

Humans are somewhat different from other mammals. Some humans continue to produce lactase, and some do not. It is a type of genetic polymorphism.

The ability to digest lactose into adulthood ('lactase persistence') was useful to humans after the invention of animal husbandry. People kept animals which could provide milk. 

Hunter-gatherer people before the Neolithic revolution were mostly lactose intolerant. So are modern hunter-gatherers. Many modern populations are lactose-intolerant, but European populations are tolerant. That may be because milk has long been in the European diet, and so people who can take milk products have a wider potential diet. Hence in hard times they will survive better.

A mutation on chromosome 2 stops the shutdown in lactase production. This makes it possible for those with the mutation to continue drinking fresh milk (and eating other dairy products) throughout their lives.

This appears to be a recent adaptation to dairy products. It occurred in both northern Europe and east Africa in people with a historically pastoral lifestyle. Lactase persistence, allowing lactose digestion to continue into adulthood, is a dominant allele, making lactose intolerance a recessive trait. 

Genetic studies suggest that the oldest mutations associated with lactase persistence have only become common in human populations in the last 10,000 years. Because of this, lactase persistence is often given as an example of recent human evolution. As lactase persistence is genetic, but animal husbandry a cultural trait, this is gene–culture coevolution.


Unix shell

A Unix shell, also called terminal or console, is a program that accepts Unix commands from the keyboard and executes them. These commands can be installed programs, for example:

The commands do not need to come from the keyboard. They will, generally speaking, come from stdin. A Unix shell is a command line interface made especially for the control of a Unix system. There are different Unix shells, most notably bash, sh, C Shell and zsh. Their syntax is similar, for example the following dialog to find out your CPU type would be possible with all of them:

Murder of Joanna Yeates

Joanna Clare "Jo" Yeates (19 April 1985 – 17 December 2010), was a 25 year-old English woman who disappeared on 17 December 2010 in Bristol. Yeates' boyfriend reported her missing on 19 December. An investigation into her disappearance was soon afterwards started. Yeates' dead body was found on 25 December. Police stated that she had been strangled and had been dead for several days before being found. On 30 December, Yeates' landlord, 65-year-old Christopher Jefferies, was arrested on suspicion of Yeates' murder, and was released on bail in early 2011. Avon and Somerset Police received help from a criminal profiler, clinical forensic psychologist Doctor Glenn Wilson who has worked on other high profile criminal cases.

In October 2011, Dutch engineer Vincent Tabak was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 20 years. 

Quillajaceae

Quillajaceae is a flowering plant including two species, i.e. "Q.saponaria" and "Q.brasiliensis". Formely included in Rosaceous taxa 

Seinäjoki

The City of Seinäjoki is the center of the Southern Ostrobothnia in Finland and one of the fastest growing urban city centers in Finland. Seinäjoki has a population of more than 60 000 inhabitants and in the Southern Ostrobothnia region there are about 200 000 inhabitants.

Seinäjoki is established 1868.

In 2005, the former municipality of Peräseinäjoki was merged into Seinäjoki. In 2009, the neighbouring municipalities of Nurmo and Ylistaro were merged with Seinäjoki.

Seinäjoki offers high-quality education from primary school to university level as well as good jobs and living conditions for all age groups. Seinäjoki region is Finland's sixth largest market area and offers very competitive and attractive trade services.
A pleasant urban and garden-like environment, short distances, and a wide range of housing types is typical to the city's daily life.

Seinäjoki is known for the unique administrative and cultural center designed by architect Alvar Aalto. The city hosts various summer festivals such as Provinssirock, Tango Festival and Race and Rock Festival (Vauhtiajot), which attract tens of thousands of people to enjoy the city year after year.

Seinäjoki is good living 24 hours a day.


Neil Davidge

Neil Davidge (born 1962 in Bristol, United Kingdom) is a record producer, songwriter, movie score composer, musician and occasional backing singer. Once a helper of dance producers, DNA, he is best known as the long-term co-writer, producer and key background musician for the music production band Massive Attack. (In 1997, he also produced the Sunna album, "One Minute Science".) During that time he has established a career as a movie score composer including movies such as "Push", "Bullet Boy", "Trouble the Water" and additional music for "Clash of the Titans".

Artists he has worked with include UNKLE, Damon Albarn, Elizabeth Fraser, Mos Def, David Bowie and Snoop Dogg.

Most recently he recorded "The Storm That Brought Me To You" with Tina Dico for the "Clash of the Titans" soundtrack, the first "vocal" track for which he is credited as an artist separately from Massive Attack.

Susan Lucci

Susan Lucci (born December 23, 1946) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Erica Kane on the award winning soap opera "All My Children" on ABC. Some information sources say Lucci was born during 1946, while others say that she was born in 1948.

Lucci was born in Scarsdale, New York. She has been married to Helmut Huber since 1969. She has a daughter, actress Liza Huber and a son, Andreas Huber.

Jadwiga of Poland

Jadwiga Andegaweńska' (1374 1399) became the King of Poland on 16 October 1384 at the age of eleven. She was crowned as a king, not queen. Her royal title was: " Hedvigis Dei Gracia Rex Poloniae, necnon terrarum Cracoviae, Sandomiriae, Syradiae, Lanciciae, Cuyaviae, Pomeraniaeque domina et heres," (Jadwiga the grace of God, the Polish king, and heir to the land in Kraków, Sandomierz, Sieradz, Łęczyca, Kujawy and Pomerania). She was the daughter of Louis Hungarian, King of Poland and Hungary).

Jadwiga married a Lithuania Grand Duke, Jogaila (Władysław Jagiełło) on 18 February 1386. After her death during childbirth on 17 July 1399, her husband became the King Ladislaus II of Poland.

In 1997 she was made a saint by Pope John Paul II.

Cybill Shepherd

Cybill Lynne Shepherd (born February 18, 1950) is an American actress. She has acted in many sitcoms, television programs and movies. She starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis.

Shepherd had melanoma in 2002.

Jill Clayburgh

Jill Clayburgh (April 30, 1944 - November 5, 2010) was an American actress. She was nominated for several Academy Awards. Clayburgh was born in New York City and died from leukemia. 

Peugeot 207

The Peugeot 207 is a car produced by Peugeot from 2006 to 2014. It is available with 4-cylinder petrol and diesel engines. It is based on the same platform as the Citroën C3. It was sold as a 3 or 5-door hatchback with a hard-top convertible and estate versions added in 2007, facelifted in 2009 and was replaced in 2012 by the 208, the estate was replaced by the 2008 crossover in 2013 but the convertible was not replaced. 


Bacterial microcompartment

A bacterial microcompartment is a structure inside bacteria. They are made of a protein shell which surrounds and encloses various enzymes. They are similar to eukaryotic cell organelles, but do not have plasma membranes. They do not contain lipids.

These compartments are typically about 100-200 nanometres across and made of interlocking proteins.

Protein-enclosed compartments are also found in eukaryotes, such as enzyme encapsulation.

Electroweak interaction

In particle physics, the electroweak interaction or electroweak force is the description of two of the four known fundamental interactions of nature which are electromagnetism and the weak interaction. Though different, the theory models show them as two different parts of the same force. It proves that if the universe is hot enough, then the electromagnetic force and weak force merge into a combined electroweak force. 

Sheldon Glashow, Abdus Salam, and Steven Weinberg were awarded the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics for their works to the unification of the weak and electromagnetic interaction.

Evacuation Day (New York)

Evacuation Day for New York was the day that the last of the British authorities in the United States (its troops in New York City) left Manhattan on November 25, 1783. After this British evacuation, General George Washington triumphantly led the Continental Army through the city.

Sterile neutrino

Sterile neutrinos, also known as neutral heavy leptons, heavy neutrinos, or right-handed neutrinos, are theoretical particles that are extremely difficult to find. This is because they are not affected by all of fundamental forces that rule normal physics, only gravity. They are detected by a theory called the seesaw mechanism which says that when sterile neutrinos are near other neutrinos (tiny particles which are not affected by much), they increase their own mass by lowering the mass of the nearby neutrinos. Detection probably comes from the fact that they are affected by gravity.

Think of it as a particle that absorbs the energy of other particles of the same family type. Once one is near another of its family, it raises its mass by lowering (absorbing) another's overall mass.

Claire Danes

Claire Catherine Danes (born April 12, 1979) is an American actress. She was born in New York City, New York. Danes starred as Angela Chase in "My So-Called Life" in the 1994-1995 television season. She also acted in many movies, including the 1996 movie "Romeo + Juliet" and the 2010 movie "Temple Grandin". She plays Carrie Mathison in "Homeland".

Burn

A burn is an injury to a person's skin or flesh caused by heat, cold, electricity, chemicals, friction, or radiation. Most burns are due to heat from hot liquids, solids, or fire. While rates are similar for males and females the underlying causes often differ. Among women in some areas, risk is related to use of open cooking fires or unsafe stoves. Among men, risk is more related to the work environments. Alcoholism and smoking are other risk factors. Burns can also occur as a result of self harm or violence between people.

Burns can be very serious injuries, and can even cause death. Depending on how deep the burn goes and amount of skin affected, a burn can be a medical emergency. For children, at least five percent of the skin needs to be affected. Adults can tolerate up to ten percent of affected skin.

Burns of a certain extent affect the body as a whole: Common reactions are circulatory shock, systemic inflammatory response syndrome and sepsis.

In the United States, almost eight out of ten serious burns resulted from fire, flames, or hot liquids. Most burn injuries occur at home (73%) or at work (8%), and most are accidental, with 2% due to assault by another, and 1–2% resulting from a suicide attempt. Burns can cause inhalation injury to the airway and/or lungs, occurring in about 6%.

Burns are usually minor. They are usually Degree One to a minor Degree Two. People may get more powerful burns from high heat or radioactive items.

Degree One burns are minor and can be cured at home. They seldom leave scars. A person can get them from hot water, a minor sunburn, or by touching hot metal. It causes pain, but only the top layer of skin is burnt and no nerves are injured.

Degree Two burns can be cured at home, but some people take them to the hospital. This degree of burn goes into the second layer of skin.

Degree Three burns are the most severe burns that most people can survive from. Although they may be severe, the chances of death are low if treated at the hospital right away. It burns through all three layers of skin, leaving a scab.

This degree of burn goes through the skin and destroys the nerves near it. There is no pain at the location of the 4th degree burn area, due to the destruction of the nerves, but there can be immense pain that occurs in the area surrounding the burn. Very few survive it. It must be treated at the hospital ASAP if it occurs and the person is still alive.

Cave paintings from more than 3,500 years ago show burns and their management. The earliest Egyptian records on treating burns describes dressings prepared with milk from mothers of baby boys. The 1500 BC Edwin Smith Papyrus describes treatments using honey and the salve of resin (may be myrrh). Many other treatments have been used over the ages, including the use of tea leaves by the Chinese documented to 600 BC, pig fat and vinegar by Hippocrates documented to 400 BC, and wine and myrrh by Celsus documented to 100 AD. French barber-surgeon Ambroise Paré was the first to describe different degrees of burns in the 1500s. Guillaume Dupuytren expanded these degrees into six different severities in 1832.

The first hospital to treat burns opened in 1843 in London, England and the development of modern burn care began in the late 1800s and early 1900s. During World War I, Henry D. Dakin and Alexis Carrel developed standards for the cleaning and disinfecting of burns and wounds using sodium hypochlorite solutions, which significantly reduced mortality. In the 1940s, the importance of early excision and skin grafting was acknowledged, and around the same time, fluid resuscitation and formulas to guide it were developed. In the 1970s, researchers demonstrated the significance of the hypermetabolic state that follows large burns.

Waterloo, Iowa

Waterloo is a city in northeast part of the US state of Iowa. It is near Cedar Falls. These two cities make up the Waterloo-Cedar Falls area. The University of Northern Iowa is in the area. Waterloo is the county seat of Black Hawk County.

Heather Locklear

Heather Locklear (born September 25, 1961) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and television series. Her most notable performance was starring as Amanda in "Melrose Place". She also played Sammy in "Dynasty" and Caitlin in the sitcom "Spin City". Locklear was born in Los Angeles.

On June 24, 2018, after being released on bail for accounts of battery, Locklear overdosed on drugs and was hospitalized.

Alicia Silverstone

Alicia Silverstone (born October 4, 1976) is an American actress and activist. She was born in San Francisco, California to an English father and Scottish mother. Silverstone's movies include "Clueless", "Batman and Robin" and "".

Alicia was married to musician, radio show host and actor Christopher Jarecki on June 11, 2005. They have one child together, a son named Bear Blu Jarecki (born May 5, 2011). They divorced in 2018.

Francisco I. Madero

Francisco I. Madero (October 30, 1873 - February 22, 1913) was a reformist politician and writer. He was President of Mexico from 1911 to 1913. He never held any other political office. He satarted the Mexican Revolution . This helped overthrow dictator Porfirio Díaz. Madero was not able to change all of the government of Diaz. Some people did not like him, because he had removed Diaz from power. For the revolutionary forces, he was not radical enough; these forces thought he should have done more. Victoriano Huerta, a general who had served under Diaz, removed Madero from power in 1913. The general also executed Madero. 

Álvaro Obregón

Alvaro Obregón Salido (February 19, 1880 – July 17, 1928) was a Mexican farmer, warlord and general. He was one of the key players in the Mexican Revolution (1910-1920) and it is his election as President in 1920 that is considered by many as the ending point of the Revolution, although the violence continued afterwards. A brilliant and charismatic general, his rise to power is contributed to his effectiveness, ruthlessness, and the fact that he was the only one of the Revolution's “Big Four” still standing after 1923, as Pancho Villa, Emiliano Zapata and Venustiano Carranza all were assassinated.

Sexual reassignment surgery

Sexual reassignment surgery (SRS) is also called gender reassignment surgery, sex reassignment surgery or a sex change. SRS is one or more surgeries that are done to change the body's genitals or other sexual characteristrics. Transgender people may get SRS to make their body match their gender identity.

There are many different kinds of surgeries that fall under the category of "sexual reassignment surgery."

For transgender women ("male-to-female" transgender people), some types of sexual reassignment surgery are:

For transgender men ("female-to-male" transgender people), some types of SRS are:

Transgender people may get one of these surgeries, a combination, or no surgeries at all. Every person is different.

Some international laws on human rights cover SRS. For example, the Declaration of Montreal and the Yogyakarta Principles say that transgender people must be allowed SRS. These laws say that if health insurance companies did not cover SRS, they would be discriminating against transgender people.


Artificial insemination

Artificial insemination is when sperm is put into the cervix of a female to make her pregnant without sexual intercourse. It is often used for breeding livestock. It can also be used in human women insemination. It is the process of breeding without sexual inter course. It is when a males sperm is extracted from the body and inserted the cervix and which in theory will make a woman pregnant.

Iskandar of Johor

Sultan Iskandar Ibni Almarhum Sultan Ismail (April 8, 1932 - January 22, 2010) was the sultan of the southern Malay state of Johor. He had held this position since 1981. In the 1960's he won the first Johor Grand Prix. In 1977 he shot and killed a man he thought was a smuggler. Iskandar was going to go to prison for six months, but his father gave him a royal pardon. He also caused trouble in 1993, when he assaulted a hockey coach who had not followed his son's instructions. This led to a change in Malayasian law that means in future, sultans would have to obey the laws.

Tengku Mahkota of Johor Tunku Ibrahim Ismail, his eldest son, was appointed to be the new sultan.

Milk substitute

A milk substitute is a product that looks and tastes like milk. The mammary glands of mammals produce milk. In milk substitutes many of the ingredients of milk are replaced: A milk substitute may contain fat and proteins obtained from plants. People with a lactose intolerance or a milk allergy often replace milk by a substitute. 

The two most common categories of milk substitutes are grain milk and plant milk. The most common grain milk is oat milk, while the most common plant milk is soy milk. Other examples include coconut milk, almond milk, and peanut milk.

Staffordshire Bull Terrier

The Staffordshire Bull Terrier, sometimes nicknamed as a Staff, is an English dog breed.It is a medium-sized dog- Originally, it was bred for dog fighting. It is related to the Bull Terrier. Its appearance is similar to the American Staffordshire Terrier and American pit Bull Terrier, but it is smaller than both of them. It grows to a wrist height of 12-17cm and a weight of about 11-17 kg.

In Great Britain, the dog is often kept as a "family dog". Staffordshire Bull Terriers have also been trained as search and rescue dogs.

In other countries, such as Germany, this dog breed is seen as problematic; these countries may have put restrictions in place regarding the breeding and keeping such dogs. The people keeping such dogs may need to undergo tests to determine whether they are allowed to keep them. 

Francis Bouillon

Francis Bouillon (born October 17, 1975 in New York City, New York) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He played in the QMJHL with the Laval Titan. Bouillon has also played for the Montreal Canadiens for 8 seasons before signing a one-year contract with the Predators.

The Chosun Ilbo

The Chosun Ilbo (, Hanja: 朝鮮日報) is a big South Korean newspaper.


Rök Runestone

The Rök Runestone is a runestone. It has an inscription of about 760 runes, which is the longest known runic inscription in stone. It is on display at the church of Rök, a small village in the south of Sweden. It is considered the first piece of written Swedish literature and marks the beginning of the history of Swedish literature.

Unconformity

An unconformity is a gap in the sequence of rocks in a geologic column. It is a buried erosion surface separating two rock strata of different ages. It shows that sediment deposition was broken for a time, usually because the land was above sea level at that time. 

Usually, the older layer was exposed to erosion for some time before deposition of the younger. However, the term is used to describe any break in the sedimentary record.

Many millions of years may separate the rocks above and below the discontinuity. 

James Hutton found examples of unconformity in Scotland, at Jedburgh in 1787 and at Siccar Point in 1788.

The rocks above an unconformity are younger than the rocks beneath (unless the sequence has been overturned). An unconformity represents time during which no sediments were preserved in the region. 

The local record for that time interval is missing and geologists must use other clues to discover that part of the geologic history of that area. The interval of geologic time not represented is called a "hiatus" (= 'gap').

Jerry Moran

Gerald Wesley "Jerry" Moran (born May 29, 1954) is an American Republican politician. He is the senior U.S. Senator from Kansas since 2011. Moran was a U.S. Representative from 1997 to 2011.

The Dong-a Ilbo

The Dong-a Ilbo (, Hanja:東亞日報) is a big South Korean newspaper.


Harry Mummery

Harold "Mum" Mummery (August 25, 1889 - December 9, 1945) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, shooting left. He was born in Chicago, IL, and died in Brandon, MB. Mummery played professionally from 1911 until 1923, including six seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Blueshirts, Toronto Arenas, Quebec Bulldogs, Montreal Canadiens and Hamilton Tigers. He was a two-time winner of the Stanley Cup hockey championship.

At the time of his career, Mummery was the largest player ever in the NHA and NHL, playing at 245 pounds in his NHL years and he was known to eat two steaks before hockey games. Mummery appeared in three games as an NHL goaltender in an era when teams did not dress a backup netminder, making him the skater to have played the most games in net. He suited up as a goaltender twice with Quebec and once with Hamilton.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, Mummery moved at an early age to Brandon, Manitoba. He first played senior-level hockey for Brandon YMCA in 1907–08. He moved to Fort William, Ontario to play a season with the Fort William Forts on the Northern Ontario League. He returned to the prairies playing for Brandon and Moose Jaw in minor professional leagues. In 1912, he joined the Quebec Bulldogs, then in the National Hockey Association (NHA). In his rookie season, the Bulldogs, the defending champions, won the NHA and Stanley Cup championships. He played with the Bulldogs until 1916, when he joined the Montreal Canadiens for a season. The Canadiens won the NHA title but lost to the Seattle Metropolitans in the Stanley Cup championship.

Before the beginning of the 1917–18 season, the NHA was suspended and the owners formed the National Hockey League (NHL). The Quebec team did not field a team that year and he was loaned to the Toronto Blueshirts club, now run by the Toronto Arena Company. The club would go on to win the Stanley Cup in a series against Vancouver. After the season the Arena company formed the Toronto Arena Hockey Club and Mummery signed for the 1918–19 season. Unfortunately, the season was a disaster as the club had poor results, weak attendance and it folded, prematurely ending the season.

In 1919–20, a Quebec team was formed in the NHL, and the NHL assigned former Bulldogs players from the NHA to the team. Mummery was one of those players. When the Quebec team was moved to Hamilton, he was traded before the season to the Canadiens, where he played for the 1920–21 season. He was traded to Hamilton for the 1921-22 season and traded from Hamilton to Saskatoon of the West Coast Hockey League in 1922. He played four games for Saskatoon in 1922–23 and retired.



Walter Mummery

Walter Mummery (born September 10, 1893, date of death unknown) was a professional ice hockey player. He played for the Quebec Bulldogs from 1914 until 1917. His brother Harry also played professional hockey.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, United States, the Mummery family moved to Brandon, Manitoba. In 1913, Walter joined the Brandon Wheat Cities of the Manitoba Hockey League. The next season, 1914–15, Walter joined the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association (NHA), where he played until the end of the 1916–17 NHA season. The following year, the Quebec club did not operate in the new National Hockey League (NHL) and Mummery was assigned to the Montreal Canadiens. Mummery was loaned to the Montreal Wanderers in December 1917, but did not play a game for the Wanderers either. Before Mummery played a game, the Wanderers arena burned down. Mummery did not play pro hockey until 1919–20, when he joined Edmonton of the Big 4 League for one season. By then, Quebec was operating in the NHL and his rights were assigned to Quebec but he did not return.

James Hutton

James Hutton MD (Edinburgh, (14 June 1726 – 26 March 1797) was a Scottish geologist, physician, naturalist, chemist and experimental farmer. 

Hutton studied in medicine, but never practised it. Instead, he did scientific research, helped to start a chemical industry, and farmed his estate. He is one of the founders of modern geology. He saw the Earth as the product of natural forces. What could be seen happening today, over long periods of time, could produce what we see in the rocks.

His book on the "Theory of the Earth" set out theories of geology and geologic time. These ideas supported the theories of plutonism and uniformitarianism.

Hutton hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock strata he saw around him. According to Playfair he "was in no haste to publish his theory; for he was one of those who are much more delighted with the contemplation of truth, than with the praise of having discovered it”. 

After some 25 years of work, his "Theory of the Earth" was read to meetings of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1785. 

Hutton later read an abstract of his "Concerning the system of the Earth, its duration and stability" on 4 July 1785, which he had printed and circulated privately. In it, he outlined his theory as follows;

In Hutton's less well-known work is a remarkable anticipation of the idea of natural selection. As always with Hutton, the idea is almost hidden in the complex language:

The same "principle of variation" would influence "every species of plant, whether growing in a forest or a meadow". He came to his ideas as the result of experiments in plant and animal breeding, some of which he outlined in an unpublished manuscript, the "Elements of Agriculture". He distinguished between heritable variation as the result of breeding, and non-heritable variations caused by environmental differences such as soil and climate.

Hutton's prose hindered his theories. John Playfair in 1802 restated of Huttton's geological ideas (though not his thoughts on evolution). Charles Lyell in the 1830s popularised the idea of an infinitely repeating cycle (of the erosion of rocks and the building up of sediment). Lyell believed in gradual change, and thought even Hutton gave too much credit to catastrophic changes. 

Lyell's books had widepread influence, not least on the up and coming young geologist Charles Darwin who read them with enthusiasm during his voyage on the "Beagle". William Whewell coined the term uniformitarianism to describe Lyell's version of the ideas. This was in contrast with catastrophism, the idea that the rocks recorded a series of catastrophes followed by repopulation by a new range of species. Over time there was a convergence between these views, but Lyell's description of the development of geological ideas led to a belief that uniformitarianism had triumphed.


Munmu of Silla

Munmu of Silla (, 626 - 681) was the 30th king of Silla, ruling from 661 to 681. His family name was Kim (), while his surname was Beopmin (). Munmu was the first monarch to unify southern Korea. The Korean people usually call him Munmu the Great (). 

He was the son of King Muyeol of Silla. Before his father died, he sought an alliance with Tang China. In 660, with the help of the Tang army, he and Kim Yushin conquered Baekje. Japan sent reinforcements for Baekje.

Munmu was with the Tang army at the attack of Goguryeo and the destruction of it in 668.

JoongAng Ilbo

The Joong-ang Ilbo (Hangul: , Hanja:) is a big South Korean newspaper. Another name is Korean Joong-ang Ilbo.

The Korea JoongAng Daily is the English language version of the newspaper, and it is one of three big English-language daily newspapers in South Korea, along with "The Korea Times" and "The Korea Herald".


Asclepiadoideae

The Asclepiadaceae, commonly known as the milkweed family, is a former plant family now treated as a subfamily (subfamily Asclepiadoideae) in the Apocynaceae.
They form a group of perennial herbs, twining shrubs, lianas or rarely trees but notably also contain a significant number of leafless stem succulents, all belonging to the order Gentianales. The name comes from the type genus "Asclepias" (milkweeds).

Auburn (singer)

Auburn Williams (born 1990, Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a singer, rapper and songwriter who performs as Auburn. In July 2010 her first single, a song called "La, La, La" went into the Billboard Hot 100 music charts at Number 74. It was produced by J.R. Rotem. In 2007 she had made an independently released album called "Same Girl".

Her song "Perfect Two" is a hit single

Ghost crab

A ghost crab is crab of the genus Ocypode. Characteristics of the genus include one claw being larger than the other, but this difference is not as marked as in male fiddler crabs.

The Iron Sheik

Hossein Khosrow Ali Vaziri (March 15, 1943 – June 7, 2023), better known by his ring name, The Iron Sheik, was an Iranian professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling for NWA and WCW. He was born in Damghan, Iran.

He was a one-time WWF Champion, three-time WWF Tag Team Championship with Nikolai Volkoff and was also inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005 by Sgt. Slaughter.

He ended the near six year World Wrestling Federation Championship reign of Bob Backlund and was the man Hulk Hogan faced against for his first WWF Championship. He is also known for his shoot interviews on The Howard Stern Show, Opie and Anthony and Kidd Chris and also the internet.

His finishing move was the Camel clutch.

Vaziri died on June 7, 2023 in Fayetteville, Georgia at the age of 81. His cause of death was cardiac arrest caused by congestive heart failure and hypertension.


Flag of Kansas

The Flag of Kansas was adopted in 1927. The flag has the state seal of Kansas and a sunflower. This original design was changed in 1961 to add the name of the state at the bottom of the flag.

Stuffed toy

A stuffed toy is soft. It is made from cloth and filled with straw, beans, plastic beads, cotton, or other similar things.

Stuffed toys are made in many different shapes and sizes. They often look like animals or cartoon characters. They are often given as gifts for birthdays or holidays such as Valentine's Day.

Mountain (band)

Mountain was an American hard rock band. The band was formed when Leslie West, formerly from the Long Island R&B band The Vagrants had recorded a solo album entitled "Mountain" (which was a reference to West's one-time physical bulk) and had former Cream collaborator and bassist Felix Pappalardi producing it and former Remains drummer N.D. Smart. The current members of the band are Leslie West (lead vocals, guitar), Corky Laing (Drums, percussion), Rev Jones (bass). They are probably best known for their song, "Mississippi Queen" which was also featured in the video games, and Rock Band.

Felix Pappalardi died in 1983 after he was shot in the head.

Steve Knight died in 2013.

Leslie west died in 20202 of a heart attack.

Corky Laing is still living.





Mohammad Ali Jinnah University

Mohammad Ali Jinnah University is a large private university in Karachi, Pakistan. It is named after Mohammad Ali Jinnah, who was one of the leaders of Pakistan independence and who became the first Governor General of Pakistan. The university is part of the Punjab Group of Colleges, and offers courses in Banking and Finance, Management Information Systems, Computer Science and Telecommunication.

John Foster Dulles

John Foster Dulles (25 February 1888–24 May 1959) was a US Secretary of State between 1953 and 1959 under President Dwight D. Eisenhower.

Dulles was born on 25 February 1888 in Washington, DC. He went to public school in Watertown, New York, and also went to three different colleges. In 1908, he graduated from Princeton University, went to the Sorbonne in Paris for two years, and after this learned law at the George Washington University until 1911. That same year, he became a lawyer in New York City.

He was part of the US Army in World War I in 1917 and 1918. After the war, he served as part of many groups involved in world and economic issues.

On 7 July 1949, he became part of the United States Senate after Robert F. Wagner left the Senate. Dulles was part of the Senate until 8 November 1949, when an election for the position was held and he lost. In 1950, he was made a US representative to the United Nations.

In 1953, he became Secretary of State, and served as such until 15 April 1959, when he left the position because of colorectal cancer. He died on 24 May 1959.

In 1954, Dulles was named the "Man of the Year" by "Time" Magazine. He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1959, just before he died. Washington Dulles International Airport in Northern Virginia is named for Dulles, as is the community of Dulles, Virginia 

Soldier Field

Soldier Field is a large stadium in Chicago. It is the home of NFL team Chicago Bears and MLS team Chicago Fire FC. The stadium is also used for concerts by the Rolling Stones, U2, and Bon Jovi as well as special events such as the American Idol auditions and the 2006 International Gay Games opening ceremony. It seats 61,500 people.


Bill O'Reilly

Bill O'Reilly (born September 10, 1949) is an American conservative political commentator who hosted "The O'Reilly Factor" on Fox News from 1996 until 2017, after Fox News fired him. O'Reilly also hosted The Radio Factor (2002-2009) and Inside Edition (1989-1995).

O'Reilly was born in Washington Heights, Manhattan, New York City. He has written some books including Pinheads and Patriots. He was raised in New York City and Westbury, Connecticut.

O'Reilly has been criticized for claims he reported events in the Falklands War between Argentina and the United Kingdom incorrectly. He also has been criticized by former "Washington Post" editor Jeff Morley for claiming he was outside George de Mohrenschildt's house when he committed suicide.

In April 2017, Fox News Channel fired O'Reilly from the network due to sexual harassment accusations.

O'Reilly is known for his "Killing" series of historical nonfiction books, all written with Martin Dugard. The first five books in the series are about the violent deaths, or attempted assassinations, of historic figures. The next four deal with major episodes in American military history. Two others involve the U.S. government's battle against organized crime and the worldwide battle against terrorism, and the most recent recounts the lives, influence, and deaths of three iconic figures of 20th-century Anglo-American culture. These are:
Some of his "Killing" books have been made into television movies for National Geographic.


Reba McEntire

Reba McEntire (born March 28, 1955) is an American country music singer, songwriter and actress. She has many hit songs. She acted in a TV comedy called "Reba".

McEntire was born in Kiowa, Oklahoma. She was raised in Denison, Texas.

A list of albums from 1977 to 2010:


Universal City Station

Universal City Station (ユニバーサルシティ駅, ゆにばーさるしてぃえき) is a railway station of JR West in Konohana-ku, Osaka, Japan.


Nakanoshima Station (Osaka)

Nakanoshima Station (中之島駅,なかのしまえき) is a railway station of Keihan Electric Railway in Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan. The station name occasionally accompanies the secondary name Osaka International Convention Center.


Street art

Street art is a kind of visual art in a public place. It can include styles of contemporary arts like impressionism, cubism or pop art.

A lot of poor people try to survive by asking a little money in the street. They sometimes do the same while making art. These are the "original", "true" street artists. They make music, theatre, temporary paintings on the ground. The other ones are more likely called "urban artist".

A spray can is a artistic tool used by writers on the walls in cities like Philadelphia or New York in 1970. This technique is still used but remain considered more or less as vandalism. One of the most important New York writer wrote SEEN on subways in New York.

The artist Banksy said in December 2010 in a French newspaper called "Le Monde" (The world) that he has been influenced by the street art of Paris. For him it is the May 1968 mini revolution that started the street art movement. He also mentioned stencil artist Blek le Rat.

Land art is an art movement in which the landscape and the work of art are linked. It is also an art form that is created in nature, using natural materials. Christo and Jeanne-Claude were a couple who made illegal art in the street of Paris in 1962 to protest against the Berlin Wall. In 1972, and 1976 they made land art in the desert of California, building a very long fence. In 1985, they made a huge work in Paris. They wrapped the oldest bridge of the city with polyamide fabric. They had to negotiate for years to have the permission of doing it. So it was official but it was controversial.

After the Berlin wall collapsed, a man called Shepard Fairey started gluing images of a dead French wrestler called André the Giant in California. It was a phenomenon. Fairey opened a web site were he just said it was phenomenology. It was so absurd people could not stop talking about it. Stickers were made of the image of the dead wrestler. It was considered "cool" by some skateboarders. 

In 1999, in Seattle, took place a WTO (World Trade Organisation) summit. There took place big demonstrations. Others summits took place in Prague (2000) and in Genoa (July 2001). The youth that demonstrate during this summit used "Absurd Propaganda", "culture jamming" and other artistic techniques to "reclaim the streets". After the president Georges W. Bush was elected and the 9/11 (September 2001), the absurd propaganda seemed to have a political meaning. So, critics came to the idea to call that phenomenon artivism. Something part art and part activism.

In 1999, an artist called Space Invader (who took his name from a video game) started putting little mosaic work in Paris. He started by doing it in a museum called the Louvre. French television showed it. Then he started doing it in every city he could. So he met other artists in other cities. Because his work is not ephemeral but very discreet, the authorities let him do. Only in Amsterdam, the city council decided to officially remove them. 
In the same time he opened a web site so people from around the world could relay and participate. He invited Shepard Fairey in Paris in march 2003. Malcolm McLaren who invented punk was there to.

Erosion

Erosion is a process where natural forces like water, wind, ice, and gravity transport rocks and soil. It is a geological process, and part of the rock cycle. Erosion occurs at the Earth's surface, and has no effect on the Earth's mantle and core.

Most of the energy that makes erosion happen is provided by the Sun. The Sun's energy causes the movement of water and ice in the water cycle and the movement of air to create wind. 

Erosion can cause problems that affect humans. Soil erosion, for example, can create problems for farmers. Soil erosion can remove soil, leaving a thin layer or rocky soil behind. Erosion can also cause problems for humans by removing rocks or soil that support buildings. 

Erosion can be caused by natural elements such as wind and ice.

Temperature changes cause pieces of rock to flake away from the surface. Also, the acid in rainwater dissolves rocks containing calcium carbonate. These processes are called weathering. 

Water erosion happens when water moves the pieces of rock or soil downhill. Waves also carry away small pieces of material. A wave can wash up onto the surface of rock or soil and then carry away pieces of material as it flows back into the ocean or lake.

The size of earth materials that can be moved by water depends on how fast the water is moving. A fast-flowing stream can carry large rocks while a slow-moving stream might only be able to carry very small things like clay. Canyons are among the most obvious features made by erosion. Where a river meets the sea, it drops the solids, sometimes making a river delta.

Large tropical rivers like the Paraná, Indus, Brahmaputra, Ganges, Zambezi, Mississippi and the Amazon carry huge amounts of sediment down to the sea. The Nile, perhaps the world's longest river, carries much less sediment than the others because, part of the way, it runs through less fertile regions than the other great rivers.

The Amazon has by far the largest waterflow, with an average discharge greater than the next seven largest rivers combined. It has the largest drainage basin in the world, about . The Amazon accounts for about one-fifth of the world's total river flow.

The sediment discharged by the gigantic mouth of the Amazon stains the sea brown for hundreds of miles out to sea.

When a glacier moves downhill,it pushes & pulls rocks with it. There is also another way. Cold weather causes water inside tiny cracks in rocks to freeze. When it freezes, the ice gets larger,& pushes hard against the rock to break it.

Wind erosion occurs when wind moves pieces of earth materials. Wind erosion is one of the weakest kinds of erosion. Small pieces of earth material can be rolled along the ground surface by wind. Very small pieces can be picked up and carried by the wind. Sometimes, wind can carry small pieces of earth materials over large distances. Some sediment from the Sahara Desert is carried across the Atlantic Ocean by wind.

One of the most famous examples of wind erosion occurred in the Dust Bowl, when wind erosion severely damaged farming communities.
Gravity erosion is the simplest kind of erosion. Gravity simply pulls loose earth materials downhill. Landslides are dramatic examples of gravity erosion.

Tectonic effects on erosion has long been recognized. For example, rivers form as a result of tectonic uplift (as Himalayas and Tibetan Plateau). All of the Earth's mountain ranges were created by the upward movement of the land by changes beneath the Earth's surface. When the ground rises the whole weather system can also be changed including local sea levels, wind strength and direction, rainfall and more. 

The Earth's landscape is a product of two factors. Tectonics builds up height by surface and rock uplift, and climate controls the erosion. Erosion wears away upland areas over time. The interaction of these processes can form, modify, or destroy features of the Earth’s surface.

Baby blue

Baby blue is a shade of blue. It is the pastel color of blue. Baby blue is a light tone of azure. 

The first recorded use of "baby blue" as a color name in English was in 1892.

In Western culture, since the late 19th century, the color baby blue has been associated with baby boys.


Geraldine Ferraro

Geraldine Ferraro (Newburgh, Orange County, N.Y., August 26, 1935 - March 26, 2011, in Boston, Mass.) was an American politician. She ran for Vice President in the 1984 US Presidential Election with Walter Mondale. She was the first woman to be a major party vice-presidential nominee. Mondale and Ferraro lost to Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, who won their second term. She was also a member of and politician from the Democratic Party. She served as a Congresswoman from New York, representing Queens in the 96th-98th Congresses (January 3, 1979-January 3, 1985). Ferraro was also an attorney, assistant District Attorney and teacher. Ferraro was a permanent member of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, from 1993 to 1996

She died from multiple myeloma (a type of cancer), twelve years after being diagnosed.

Ferraro, Geraldine A., with Linda Bird Francke. "Ferraro: My Story". New Edition. Foreword by Marie C. Wilson. Evanston, IL: Northwestern University Press, 2004.

New jack swing

New jack swing is a type of music that combines dance, hip hop, R&B and other musical genres. It was extremely popular between 1984 and 1997. The artists of new jack swing include TLC, Bell Biv Devoe and New Edition. Teddy Riley started new jack swing. Michael Jackson's 1991 album "Dangerous" is the most successful new jack swing album.

Faith Hill

Faith Hill (born Audrey Faith Perry; September 21, 1967 in Ridgeland, Mississippi) is an American country singer-songwriter, who has had many hit songs and records. She is married to country music singer and actor, Tim McGraw. She is of Cornish, Dutch, English, French, German, Irish, Northern Irish (Scotch-Irish), Scottish and Welsh descent.

Faith Hill has released 7 studio albums:



Mount Sunflower

Mount Sunflower is the highest place in the state of Kansas. At , it is feet above the state's lowest point in Montgomery County. The mountain is in Wallace County, less than half a mile (0.8 km) from the Colorado state border and close to the lowest point in Colorado.

The State of Kansas slowly increases in elevation from the east to the west. Because of this, "Mount" Sunflower, while the highest point in the state, does not look any different from the land around it.

Shannen Doherty

Shannen Maria Doherty (born April 12, 1971) is an American actress. She is known for her roles including Beverly Hills, 90210, Little House on the Prairie and Charmed. She has also starred in many movies, including "Heathers". Doherty also starred on the series "Charmed". She was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

In February 2020, Doherty announced that she has stage-4 breast cancer. In June 2023, she announced that the cancer had spread to her brain and is terminal.

Bobby Brown

Robert Barisford Brown (born February 5, 1969) is an American R&B singer-songwriter and former member of New Edition. He left the group in 1986 and has many hits, including "Don't be Cruel", "Every Little Step" and "Roni". Brown is an African-American who was born in Roxbury, Boston, Massachusetts.
Brown married Whitney Houston in 1992. They had a daughter, Bobbi Kristina Houston Brown, in 1993. The couple separated in 2006. Houston divorced him in 2007.

Brown has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder.


Tammany Hall

Tammany Hall, (also called the Society of St. Tammany, the Sons of St. Tammany, or the Columbian Order), named for Tamanend (meaning ""affable""), a Native American leader of the Lenni Lenape, was started in 1786 and was declared on May 12, 1789 as the Tammany Society. It was the Democratic political machine that played a major role in controlling New York City politics. It also helped many immigrants, especially the Irish, rise in American politics. In 1858 Boss Tweed became its leader. In the middle 20th century it became less powerful and dissolved in the 1960s.

Michael Savage

Michael Savage (born as Michael Alan Weiner in 1942) is a conservative radio host and commentator. He is the host of the "Savage Nation".

Delta Burke

Delta Ramona Leah Burke (born July 30, 1956) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for her role in the sitcom "Designing Women". She also acted in other television programs.

Burke graduated from Colonial High School, in Orlando, Florida. She did some modeling in high school.

<br>

Bernadette Peters

Bernadette Peters (born February 28, 1948) is an American actress and singer. She is famous for her performances in musical theater as well acting in many movies. Her first Broadway performance was in 1967 in "Johnny No-Trump".







Sally Struthers

Sally Ann Struthers (born July 28, 1947) is an American actress, and activist. Her most famous acting was in the classic television series "All in the Family". Struthers also acted in many movies and other television programs. Struthers also plays Babette in the television series "Gilmore Girls". She also provided the voices for animated characters in television cartoon programs.

Earthquake performance simulation

Earthquake performance simulation is meant to study effect of earthquakes on building structures and is a practical way of seeing a thing to happen without it actually taking place in the same way.

The best way to do it is to put the structure on a shake-table that simulates the seismic loads and watch what may happen next (if you have no time to stand out in the field and wait for a real earthquake to strike, of course). The earliest experiments like this were performed more than a century ago.

Another way is to evaluate the earthquake performance analytically. The very first earthquake simulations were performed by statically applying some "horizontal inertia forces", based on scaled peak ground accelerations, to a mathematical model of a building. With the further development of computational technologies, statics approaches began to give way to dynamics ones.


Nikki Blonsky

Nicole Margaret "Nikki" Blonsky (born November 9, 1988) is an American actress. She played Tracy Turnblad in the 2007 adaptation of "Hairspray". Blonsky is from Great Neck, New York.

Natron

Natron is a natural mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate (NaCO·10HO, a kind of soda ash) and about 17% sodium bicarbonate (also called nahcolite or baking soda, NaHCO) along with small amounts of household salt (halite, sodium chloride) and sodium sulfate. Natron is white or without color when it is pure. It can be gray or yellow with impurities. Natron deposits are sometimes found in saline (salty) lake beds which arose in dry environments. Throughout history natron has had many practical uses which are still used.

In modern mineralogy the word "natron" has come to mean only the "sodium carbonate decahydrate" (hydrated soda ash) which makes up most of the historical salt.

The English word "natron" is a French cognate that came from the Spanish "natrón" through Greek νιτρων "nitron", which came from the Ancient Egyptian word "netjeri", meaning natron. The modern chemical symbol for sodium, Na, is an abbreviation of that element's New Latin name "natrium", which came from "natron".

Historical natron was harvested as a salt mixture from dry lake beds in Ancient Egypt and has been used for thousands of years for cleaning. Together with oil, it was an early form of soap. It softens water and removes oil and grease at the same time. Natron was also a cleanser for the teeth and an early mouthwash. The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts. Natron can be used to dry and preserve fish and meat. It was also an ancient household insecticide, was used for making leather and as a bleach for clothing.

The mineral was used in Egyptian mummification because it absorbs water and was a drying agent. Also, when exposed to moisture the carbonate in natron increases pH, which makes a good environment for bacteria. In some cultures, natron was thought to keep both the living and the dead spiritually safe. Natron was added to castor oil to make a smokeless fuel, which allowed Egyptian artisans to paint artworks inside ancient tombs without staining them with soot.

Natron is an ingredient for making a color called "Egyptian blue". It was used with sand and lime in ceramic and glass-making by the Romans and others at least until 640 CE. The mineral was also used as a flux to solder precious metals together.

Most of natron's uses both in the home and by industry were replaced with closely related sodium compounds and minerals. Natron's detergent properties are now commercially supplied by soda ash, the mixture's chief compound ingredient, along with other chemicals. Soda ash also replaced natron in glass-making. Some of its ancient household roles are also now filled by ordinary baking soda, natron's other meaningful ingredient.

Natron is also the mineralogical name for the compound sodium carbonate decahydrate (NaCO·10HO), which is the main component in historical natron. Sodium carbonate decahydrate has a specific gravity of 1.42 to 1.47 and a Mohs hardness of 1. It crystallizes in the monoclinic-domatic crystal system, typically forming efflorescences and encrustations.

The term "hydrated sodium carbonate" is commonly used to encompass the monohydrate (NaCO·HO), the decahydrate and the heptahydrate (NaCO·7HO), but is often used in industry to refer to the decahydrate only. Both the hepta- and the decahydrate effloresce (lose water) in dry air and are partially transformed into the monohydrate thermonatrite NaCO·HO.

Sodium carbonate decahydrate stays the same at room temperature, but it changes into the crystal material NaCO·7HO, then above to sodium carbonate monohydrate, NaCO·HO, if the temperature becomes . This releases a mostly clear, colorless salty kind of water with a little solid thermonatrite. The mineral natron is often found in association with other minerals such as gypsum and calcite. Most human-made sodium carbonate is soda ash, sodium carbonate anhydrate NaCO, which is obtained by calcination (dry heating at temperatures of 150 to 200°C) of sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate monohydrate, or trona.


Jan Parandowski

Jan Parandowski (11 May 1895 – 26 September 1978) was a Polish writer, essayist, and translator. He is best known for his works relating to classical antiquity, he was also the president of the Polish PEN Club between 1933 and 1978, with a break during World War II.

He was born in Lwów, Austria-Hungary and died in Warsaw.

Jan Parandowski graduated from Jan Długosz High School, in Lwów, Austria-Hungary. In 1913 he began studying about philosophy at the University of Lwów. There he also studied classical philology, archeology, art history, and Polish literature. However, he had to stop studying because of the World War I, and instead taught at schools in Voronezh and Saratov. From 1920 he was able to continue studying again, and in 1923 received his Master's degree in classical philology and archeology.

From 1922 to 1924 he was the literary chief for publisher Alfred Altenberg. He organized a series of translations of classical works and a further "great writers" series. Between 1924 and 1926 he travelled to Greece, France, and Italy. From 1929 he lived in Warsaw, where at first he was an editor for the monthly, "Warsaw Diary". In 1930 he became a member of the Polish PEN Club, and in 1933, he became its president.

At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, he received a bronze medal for his book, "The Olympic Discus", and in 1937 he received the Polish Literary Academy's "Gold Laurels" for outstanding literary achievement. Between 1937 and 1938 he was an editor for the state publishing house for school books, and produced the educational series, "Great People". After World War II began, he participated in the cultural underground. The flames of the Warsaw uprising consumed his literary archives and his entire unpublished works.

During the years 1945 - 1950 he took over the Department of Classical Antiquity, then the Department of Comparative Literature at the Catholic University of Lublin (KUL). He became a regular member of Warszawskiego Towarzystwa Naukowego (Warsaw Association of Sciences), worked with publications such as the "Universal Weekly", "Meander", "Creation", and renewed his activities as chairman of the Polish PEN Club. In 1948 he organized a World Congress of Intellectuals in Wrocław, after which he went back to live in Warsaw. 

In 1958, Jan Parandowski organized an International Translators Convention in Warsaw, and in 1962 he became the vice-president of International PEN. In 1964 he received the Polish State Award of the First Degree, and in the same year he was a signatory to the "List of 34" scholars and writers in defense of freedom of speech. In 1975 he was honored for his lifetime achievement by Radio Free Europe. In 1976 he received an honorary doctorate in Christian Philosophy from the Catholic University of Lublin (KUL).

In 1988 a prize was founded in his honour, the Jan Parandowski prize, and is awarded annually by the Polish PEN Club to exemplary historical writers.

As a literary figure, Parandowski began writing in Lwow in 1913, though he came to experience international prominence after his much cited "Mythology" in 1924. His knowledge, crisp and engaging writing style, and ability to tackle the most controversial subjects contributed greatly to Parandowski's popularity. In Poland his works have become a staple of classical study in schools of all levels.




Sirenomelia

Sirenomelia, also known as Mermaid Syndrome, is a very rare disorder in which the legs are stuck together, making them look like a mermaid's tail. This, however, is as rare as conjoined twins, and only happens to one out of every 100,000 live births. It is usually very bad for the kidney and bladder, and only about four survivors were known to be alive as of July 2003.

P. T. Barnum

Phineas Taylor Barnum (July 5, 1810 – April 7, 1891) was an American showman and businessman. He started his career in New York City by showing off a slave he owned named Joice Heth. He told people that Joice was 161 years old and removed her teeth to make her look older. This made him famous at a young age. After her death, he showed off her dead body in a public autopsy.

In New York City, Barnum founded two American Museums. In these museums, he showed real acts such as General Tom Thumb and hoaxes such as the . He introduced Jenny Lind to the public. After fire destroyed his second museum, Barnum created a circus. In the circus he displayed Jumbo the elephant. He suggested the circus setting for Horatio Alger, Jr.'s book "The Young Acrobat". Barnum is also well known for saying "There's a sucker born every minute."

He may have been the first "show business" millionaire. Barnum said "I am a showman by profession," but he was also an author and publisher. For a while, he was also a politician. 

Barnum was portrayed by Hugh Jackman in "The Greatest Showman" (2017).

Gerty Cori

Gerty Theresa Cori (née Radnitz) (August 15, 1896 – October 26, 1957) was a Czech-American biochemist. 

Cori was born in Prague in 1896, which is now in the present-day Czech Republic. She was the first of three daughters.  Her father was a manager at a sugar factory. Cori’s work was influenced by her parents. Her family encouraged her to pursue a career in science. She went to a special high school. Gerty Cori then entered the German-language University where she received an M.D. degree. There, she met her husband, Carl Ferdinand Cori. They both took the same classes and studied human complement. In 1922, they moved to the United States to get a stabler life after World War I. In America, Ferdinand Cori worked at the University of Graz and the University of Vienna. Gerty's job involved her being an assistant at the Karolinen Children's Hospital. Her work there sparked her interest in the thyroid gland.

Cori became the third woman ever and the first American woman to win a Nobel Prize in physiology. They researched the way a cell is able to use glycogen. In 1922 they moved to the United States. They were given the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1947. She and her husband were only the third husband-and-wife team to receive this award. They discovered how glycogen is broken down in muscle tissue into lactic acid. After this, it is absorbed by the body and stored as a source of energy. This process is called the Cori cycle. They also found the important catalyzing compound, the Cori ester. In 2004, Cori and her husband's work was designated an ACS National Historical Chemical Landmark for carbohydrate metabolism.

Cori died at the age of 61 on October 26, 1957, in Missouri. She died because of myelosclerosis, a blood disease. Her husband remarried Anne Fitzgerald Jones three years after her death. In addition to her accomplishments with the Nobel Prize, Gerty Cori also received the Garvan Medal for women chemists from the American Chemical Society and gained membership to The National Academy of Sciences.

Gustave Caillebotte

Gustave Caillebotte (19 August 1848 – 21 February 1894) was a French painter. Caillebotte was noted for his interest in photography as an art form.

Johnny Mathis

John Royce "Johnny" Mathis (born September 30, 1935) is an American singer and songwriter. He has had many hit songs. Mathis was born in Gilmer, Texas and raised in San Francisco, California. He is openly gay.

In 1956 Mathis' first album "Johnny Mathis" was released. Mathis' first single "Wonderful! Wonderful!" was released in 1957. One of his well-known hit songs is "Misty". This song was written in 1954 by a jazz pianist Erroll Garner. Johnny Burke wrote a lyrics later for this melody and became popular as Mathis recorded this song and made public on September 1, 1959. Nowadays "Misty" is considered as one of American standards.


Reese Witherspoon

Reese Witherspoon (also known as Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon, born March 22, 1976) is an American actress and film producer.

She lived in Wiesbaden, Germany for four years when her father worked for the U.S. military. After returning to the U.S., she spent her childhood in Nashville, Tennessee. She was raised as an Episcopalian. She attended Stanford University as an English literature major.

Witherspoon was selected as a fashion model for a florist's television advertisements at age seven. This made her want to take acting lessons. She has starred in many motion pictures. Notable movies by Witherspoon include "Election", "Legally Blonde", and "Walk the Line". Witherspoon owns a production company called Type A Films. The company was at first believed by the media to be named after her childhood nickname "Little Miss Type A". Witherspoon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on December 01, 2010, at 6262 Hollywood Blvd. In 2018, she appeared alongside Oprah Winfrey and Mindy Kaling in support of the Time's Up movement against sexual assault in the workplace and in "A Wrinkle in Time".

Witherspoon married Ryan Phillippe from 1999 to 2008. They have two children together — daughter Ava Elizabeth Phillippe (born September 9, 1999) and son Deacon Reese Phillippe (born October 23, 2003). Witherspoon married talent agent Jim Toth on March 26, 2011. They have a son, Tennessee James Toth (born September 27, 2012). In March 2023, they got divorced.

Jennifer Capriati

Jennifer Marie Capriati (born March 29, 1976) is an American retired tennis player. Capriati made her professional debut in 1990 at fourteen years old. In 1992, Capriati defeated Steffi Graf during the Barcelona Olympics to win a Gold medal. 

Seal of Kansas

The Great Seal of the State of Kansas is the seal of Kansas. The seal is used on the Flag of Kansas.

Western meadowlark

The Western Meadowlark is a bird that lives in the middle-western United States of America. The Western Meadowlark is the state bird of Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oregon and Wyoming. 

Artemisia absinthium

Wormwood (artemisia absinthium, absinthe wormwood, common wormwood, Green Ginger or grand wormwood), is native to mild-climate places of Eurasia and northern Africa.

Perciformes

The Perciformes is the largest order of vertebrates. They have about 40% of all bony fish. 

"Perciformes" means "perch-like". They belong to the class of ray-finned fish and have over 7,000 species in almost all aquatic environments.

They have the widest range of sizes of any order of vertebrates, ranging from the 7 mm "Schindleria brevipinguis" to the 5 metre "Makaira" species. They first appeared and diversified in the Upper Cretaceous.

Some well-known members of this group are angelfish, barracuda, bass, blenny, cichlids, damselfish, filefish, goby, grouper, remora, swordfish, mackerel, pufferfish, tilefish, tuna, whiting, and of course perch.

The dorsal and anal fins are divided into front spiny and back soft-rayed portions, which may be partially or completely separated. 

The pelvic fins usually have one spine and up to five soft rays, positioned unusually far forward under the chin or under the belly. Scales are usually ctenoid (rough-edged). 

They are grouped as in the text "Fishes of the World". The order is probably polyphyletic, and changes may occur in this and other teleost orders.

Recent morphological and DNA sequence analysis has shown that several of the higher-level groupings of teleosts are evolutionary grades rather than clades. Examples of demonstrably paraphyletic groups include the Perciformes.

Verdigris River

The Verdigris River is the lowest point in Kansas. It is a branch of the Arkansas River.

The Santa Clause

The Santa Clause is a 1994 comedy movie distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Hollywood Pictures. It was directed by John Pasquin. The movie starred actors Tim Allen, Judge Reinhold, and Wendy Crewson.

Film negative

Negative film is the name for a photographic film that will give images which have their colors inverted, after development. This inversion means that the complementary color is used. A second process (usually called "making a print") is used to obtain any number of "photos", which can also be in different sizes. The other kind of film is called reversal film, also called slide film, where development results in a "positive" image (which uses true colors rather than complementary colors). 

Negative films that use colors have multiple layers. Each layer is sensitive to a different wavelength of light. 

Many amateur films in the 20th century were slide films; today most films are negative films. 

The benefits of this kind of film is that it is very tolerant to exposure differences, without noticeable loss in quality. Another benefit is that getting the film developed is very easy because it uses only 3 chemicals rather than 6 for reversal film.

Air navigation

Air navigation is navigation while flying. It is used by pilots in aircraft to know their exact position and find their way. That is important because if they get lost, they can hit a mountain or fly into a dangerous area or not find a place to land. There are generally two types of air navigation depending on weather. In good weather, pilots navigate themselves visually with maps. But when the weather is bad and they do not see the ground, they use special radio navigational instruments or the air traffic controller navigates them. The first kind of navigation is called VFR (visual flight rules) navigation. The second is IFR (instrument flight rules) navigation. 

When flying under VFR, or Visual Flight Rules, pilots navigate using purely what they can see outside their aircraft, sometimes using a special map called a sectional. When preparing for a flight they prepare a route going between features labeled on the sectional map, including things like roads, and large structures like windmills. Pilots when flying with VFR are responsible for avoiding other aircraft and terrain.

When flying under IFR, pilots fly set routes only, following airways and tracks between physical radio beacons and waypoints. While the pilot is still responsible to avoid incident, navigation under IFR is heavily reliant on an Air Traffic Controller's instructions.

Kristi Yamaguchi

Kristine Tsuya Yamaguchi (born July 1971) is a retired American figure skater. She was the first Asian American to win an Olympic gold medal in figure skating. Her skills have inspired many people.
Yamaguchi was born in July 12 1971 in Hayward, California. As a child, she had a bad foot condition. She had to wear casts on her legs when she was young. Her mother said this could be why she is such a hardworking person. She was inspired by Olympic gold medalist, Dorothy Hamill and other famous figure skaters. She started figure skating at a young age and worked very hard through her teenage years. 

When she was 20, Yamaguchi won an Olympic gold medal for figure skating in the 1992 Winter Olympics. She also won many other awards. She is also a member of the United States figure skating Hall of Fame. 
After she retired from skating, she continued to inspire and prove herself to the world. She wrote many books, Including "Figure skating for Dummies", "Always Dream", and "Dream Big, Little Pig". These books are about figure skating and dreaming big. Yamaguchi started the “Always Dream Foundation” to help kids pursue their dreams. She is also a mother of 2 kids and continues to figure skate for fun. 

Sarah Hughes

Sarah Elizabeth Hughes (born May 2, 1985 in Great Neck, New York) is an American figure skater. Hughes won a gold medal during the 2002 Winter Olympics.

Parallelogram

A parallelogram is a polygon with four sides (a quadrilateral). It has two pairs of parallel sides (line segments which never meet if the lines were allowed to extend beyond their end points). The opposite sides of a parallelogram have the same length (they are equally long). The word "parallelogram" comes from the Greek word "parallelogrammon" ("bounded by parallel lines"). Rectangles, rhombuses, and squares are all parallelograms.

As shown in the picture on the right, because triangles ABE and CDE are congruent (have the same shape and size),

In all Parallelogram's opposite angles are equal to each other.
Angles which are not opposite in the Parallelogram will add up to 180 degrees.

A simple (non self-intersecting) quadrilateral is a parallelogram if and only if any one of the following statements is true:


A parallelogram can be cut into a trapezoid and a right triangle, and be rearranged to make a rectangle. This mean the area of a parallelogram is the same with with a rectangle of the same height and base as that parallelogram:

formula_3


The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe

The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a 2005 British epic fantasy adventure movie. It was directed by Andrew Adamson and based on "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", the first published book in C. S. Lewis's children's series, "The Chronicles of Narnia". It was co-produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures (North America) and Warner Bros. Pictures (International). William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter, Susan, Lucy and Edmund, the four British children that had to go to the countryside during the Blitz, and there they find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia. There they join the Lion Aslan against the forces of Jadis, the White Witch (Tilda Swinton).

The movie was released on November 14, 2005, in both Europe and North America and was highly successful at the box office. It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Make Up and various other awards and is the first movie in the series of movies based on the books. It was the best selling DVD in North America in 2006 taking in $332.7 million that year.

During the 1940 bombing of Finchley, London, the Pevensie children, Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy, are sent to the country home of Professor Digory Kirke.

While they are playing hide-and-seek, Lucy finds a wardrobe that leads to a world called Narnia, where it is always winter. She spends a few hours in the home of the faun, Mr. Tumnus, who tells her about Jadis, the White Witch, and how she cursed Narnia into being only winter for one hundred years. If they ever met a human, they had to bring them to her. However, Tumnus likes Lucy and does not want to kidnap her, so he instead takes her safely back home. When she returns, hardly any time has passed in the normal world, and when the other children check the Wardrobe, it does not lead to "Narnia".

A few days later, Edmund follows Lucy into the wardrobe, meeting the White Witch and her dwarf Ginarrbrik. She offers him Turkish Delight and asks Edmund to bring his brother and sisters to her castle, so that he can become her heir and the rest will serve him. Edmund agrees, and she leaves, just as Lucy meets Edmund. They return together, and Lucy tells Peter and Susan about how she went to Narnia again (this time with Edmund), but Edmund denies it. The Professor talks with Peter and Susan, and he tells them that Lucy's story might be telling the truth.

While running away from the housekeeper after accidentally breaking a window, the four siblings hide in the wardrobe and enter Narnia. They find out that Mr. Tumnus has already been taken by the Witch's secret police, and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver, who tell them about Aslan. They say that Aslan is on the move to take back Narnia from the Witch. The four must help Aslan, for there was a prophecy that if two sons of Adam and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones, the White Witch would no longer be able to reign.

Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch while they are at the Beaver's house. When he goes to her castle, she is angry that he came alone and without his siblings. The Witch sends wolves to find the children and the beavers, who barely escape. Edmund meets Tumnus while being chained in the Witch's dungeon. The Witch demands that Edmund reveal where his siblings are because the wolves could not find them, and Edmund hesitates before telling her. The Witch then turns Tumnus into stone and begins searching for the other children herself.

While Peter, Lucy, Susan and the beavers go to the Stone Table, they see what they think is the White Witch chasing after them, so they hide. It is actually Father Christmas, one of the signs that the Witch is getting weaker. Father Christmas gives Lucy a bottle of cordial that will cure any sickness and a dagger to defend herself with, Susan a bow and arrows and a magical horn, and Peter a sword and shield.

Pursued by wolves led by Maugrim, the group crosses a river. When they come to Aslan's camp, they meet Aslan, who is a huge and noble lion. Aslan promises to help Edmund in any way he can. Later, two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan while they are playing in the river. Then Peter comes and kills Maugrim with his sword, and some of the troops of Aslan follow the other wolf to the witch's camp and rescue Edmund.

The White Witch goes to Aslan's camp and tries to take back Edmund, but Aslan says he will sacrifice himself instead. That night, as Lucy and Susan secretly watch, Aslan is killed by the White Witch at the Stone Table. In the morning he is resurrected because "there is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know". Aslan takes Susan and Lucy to the Witch's castle, where he turns the stone prisoners back to real life.

Edmund persuades Peter to battle with the Witch. Peter's army begins losing, and to stop the witch from turning others to stone, Edmund destroys the Witch's wand and gets stabbed while he does so. Then, as the Witch fights Peter, Aslan comes and kills her with his roar. The Pevensies become Kings and Queens, staying in Narnia until they are adults.

Fifteen years later they find the wardrobe and return to England, becoming children again. The professor enters the room and asks what they were doing. Peter replies, "You wouldn't believe us if we told you, sir." The professor tosses him the ball that broke the window and replies, "Try me." Lucy later goes to the wardrobe because she wants to return to Narnia, but the Professor tells her he has been trying for years, and that the wardrobe will probably not work again.


The radio-announcer that Peter listens to near the beginning of the movie is played by Douglas Gresham, co-producer of the movie and C. S. Lewis's stepson. Keynes' voice broke during filming, so some of his voice track had to be voiced again by his sister Soumaya. Mr. Pevensie is only glimpsed in a photo which Edmund tries to retrieve during the bombing, which is of Sim-Evan Jones' father.

With the exception of Tilda Swinton, who was the first choice to play Jadis, the White Witch, casting took a long time. Beginning in 2002, Adamson went through 2500 audition tapes and met 1800 children before coming down to the final four actors for the Pevensies. Moseley and Popplewell came from the very start of casting, whilst Henley and Keynes were rather late. Moseley quit school to learn all his lines and beat 3000 boys to the role of Peter.

Brian Cox was originally supposed to voice Aslan on December 9, 2004, but Adamson changed his mind.


Lázaro Cárdenas

Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (Jiquilpan, Michoacán, May 21, 1895 - October 19, 1970) was president of Mexico from 1934 and 1940. Considered one of the most honest and hardworking presidents in the history of Latin America, he provided strong, clean leadership at a time when his country most needed it. Today he is revered among Mexicans for his zeal in eliminating corruption, and many cities, streets and schools bear his name. He initiated a family dynasty in Mexico, and his son and grandson have both gone into politics.

Laura Schlessinger

Laura Schlessinger, also known as Doctor Laura or Dr. Laura, (born January 16, 1947) is an American radio show host and a writer. She is socially conservative. She has held controversial opinions and views on certain subjects.

The Chicks

The Chicks are an American country band. They have had many hit songs. They are from Texas. The Dixie Chicks are Martie Maguire, Natalie Maines and Emily Robison. The group formed in Dallas, Texas in 1989. They have won 13 Grammy Awards. When performing a concert in 2003 they garnered controversy afterward for Natalie Maines' comments about being ashamed that George W. Bush was from Texas.

In June 2020, during the George Floyd protests, the band changed their names from The Dixie Chicks to The Chicks.

On December 22, 2023, original Dixie Chicks member Laura Lynch died in a car accident in El Paso, Texas.


Kathy Bates

Kathy Bates (born Kathleen Doyle Bates, June 28, 1948) is an American actress and director. She was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Bates has starred in many movies, most notably "Misery", "Fried Green Tomatoes", "Titanic" and "Richard Jewell".

Bates had ovarian cancer in 2003 and breast cancer in 2012. 

Bates is also known for her multiple roles on "American Horror Story". She also played Jo Bennett in the American sitcom "The Office".


Earthquake Engineering Research Institute

Earthquake Engineering Research Institute or EERI is a technical society in spreading of earthquake engineering information both in the U.S. and globally. EERI members include researchers, geologists, geotechnical engineers, educators, government officials, and building code regulators. Their mission, as stated in their 5-year plan published in 2006, has the following three points:




Feria del Sol (Mérida)

Feria Del Sol (), or Carnaval Taurino de America (), is an international cultural festival held in the city of Mérida every February of the year. The Feria festival is held alongside the carnival feast. The festival includes bull competitions, cultural expositions, commercial and zootechnic expositions, concerts, parades, sports, and a voting competition for "La Reina Del Sol" ().

In the city of Mérida; celebrates a more ancient interest of Venezuela, but in the City of the Knight, which did not celebrate fairs similar to the cities of San Cristóbal, Barquisimeto, Maracaibo, Táriba. Therefore, a group of amateurs had the idea to build a Plaza de Toros, so that Mérida had a taurine calendar and was added to the most important fairs of the country, which already had a peak imponente in all the national territories. At the beginning the fairs, who was set up the first days of December, had the function of celebrate the day of the "Immaculate Conception", therefore the people set the date of the fairs on 9 December and 10 December. For the bullfighting, César Faraco, Manuel Benítez "El Cordobés", Francisco Rivera "Paquirri", Julio Aparicio, Curro Girón, Paco Camino and the mounted bullfighter, Juan Cañedo, who is of Mexican origin, and fought bulls of Félix Rodríguez, "Achury Vejo" and "Ambaló" who all originated in the country of Colombia.

For the first run, heavy rainfall prevented the inauguration, which resulted in two runs, which had to be held on the second day: one in the morning hours and the other during the afternoon, which was, the first time this had happened in a same square, in the same day in Venezuela. Previously in Caracas, which celebrated two runs in the same day, but in two different squares, in the "Circo Metropolitano" and the "Nuevo Circo", but in the same square, during the same day, which also, was the first time that this had happened.

In 1968, the fair was not celebrated, but a bullfighting occurred on 13 April 1968 in coincidence of the Holy Saturday. Was fought a stupendous closing of "Dosgutiérrez" and acted Alfredo Leal, Curro Girón and Pepe Cáceres. Then, decided celebrate the fairs so that they coincided with the carnivals under the name of "Feria del Sol" and like this was as in 1969 celebrated the first fair with three run of bulls the days 15, 16 and 17 February of said year. The first poster was composed by bulls of "Valparaíso" for Alfredo Leal, Daniel "Matatoba" Santiago, Manuel Benítez "El Cordobés" and the Venezuelan Lucio Requena. The first ear of the fair was for Alfredo Leal.

At the end, the fair has transformed into one of the most important fairs of Venezuela and, also, the taurine world. Regarding the fair of the "Immaculate" which, has celebrated in these years, 1990, 1991, and 1997 but with very little acceptance.



Mérida, Venezuela

Santiago de los Caballeros de Mérida, Venezuela, is the capital of the municipality of Libertador and the state of Mérida, and is one of the principal cities of the Venezuelan Andes. It was founded in 1558, forming part of Nueva Granada, but later became part of the Captaincy General of Venezuela, and played an active role in the War of Independence.

Mérida has more than 200,000 inhabitants and a metropolitan area containing some 350,000 people. It is the main center for education and tourism in western Venezuela, the home of the prestigious University of the Andes, and the location of the highest and second longest aerial tramway in the world.

Mérida is at an altitude of approximately 1,600 meters (5,249 ft). The city sits on a plain in the valley of the Chama river, which runs from one end to the other. The backdrop of Mérida's skyline is the country's highest summit, Pico Bolívar.

Beeswax

Beeswax is a wax used by honeybees for building their hive. It is also used in the cosmetics and pharmaceutical industry. Large amounts of beeswax are used to make candles. It only has a minor role in the chemical industry, to make ski wax, for example. Sweets which are made of gelatin sometimes use beeswax as a covering. In medicine and physical therapy, beeswax is sometimes used to treat a cough and common cold, as well as muscle pain.

Hernia

A hernia is a medical condition. If an organ or its tissue moves from its normal position through to another position, this is called a hernia.

There are various types of hernia. Most hernias happen in the abdomen. Hernias sometimes give pain and/or a lump that can be felt or seen. The cause can be hereditary or it can be from lifting objects especially heavy ones – in a wrong way. There are other things that can give hernias as well. Hernias especially if small or mild can be treated with medicine but will not go away although it will relieve symptoms.


Laparoscopic, or minimally invasive, procedures use several small incisions to access the hernia no more than 1 centimeter in length. The abdomen is inflated with carbon dioxide to provide space for the surgeon to work, and the hernia is repaired with a small, flexible instrument called a laparoscope.

This is an open-cut surgery that is performed in the area of the hernia. In this procedure, the protruding tissues are set back, and the weak muscles are stitched up neatly. Also, these are times when a type of mesh will be inserted over the area to provide additional support.

Abdominal wall reconstruction repairs defects in the abdominal walls while reducing abdominal tension and providing structural support. This may require a component separation so that the muscular sides of the hernia gap can be brought together again.

2001 anthrax attacks

The 2001 Anthrax attacks were a series of incidents in the United States. The attacks began on September 18, 2001 and lasted for several weeks. Anthrax was spread through the mail. The anthrax spores were put in envelopes and sent to several news media offices and two U.S. senate offices.
22 people were infected. Five people died. It was believed that the person who was responsible for this was Dr. Bruce Edward Ivins. He was a senior biodefense researcher who was employed by the U.S. government. Ivins killed himself in 2008. He was not prosecuted for the crime but the evidence suggests that he acted alone in mailing the envelopes.

Southern Province, Sri Lanka

The Southern Province ( "Dakunu Palata", "Thaen Maakaanam") of Sri Lanka is a small geographic area consisting of Galle District, Matara District and Hambantota District.It takes 8 hours and 10 minutes to go to Jaffna to Matara District.

Western Province, Sri Lanka

The Western Province ( "Basnahira Palata", "Mael Maakaanam") is the most densely populated province of Sri Lanka.

Province of Albacete

Albacete Province () is a province of central Spain, in the southern part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. It is bordered by the provinces of Granada, Murcia, Alicante, Valencia, Cuenca, Ciudad Real and Jaén.

Álava

Álava Province ( and officially "Álava-Araba") is a province of northern Spain in the southern part of the Basque Autonomous Community. It is bordered by the provinces of Burgos (W), La Rioja (S), Navarre (E), Gipuzkoa (NE) and Biscay (NW). The County of Treviño is an exclave of Burgos Province (Castile and León) surrounded by Alavese land, although there is strong local support for Treviño's incorporation into Álava and the Basque Autonomous Community.

Province of Ávila

Ávila Province () is a province of central-western Spain, in the southern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is bordered on the south by the provinces of Toledo and Cáceres, on the west by Salamanca, on the north by Valladolid, and on the east by Segovia and Madrid. Ávila has a population of 165,138 (2002). Its capital is Ávila.

Province of Almería

Almería Province () is a province of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia, Spain. It is bordered by the Andalusian Province of Granada, the Region of Murcia, and the Mediterranean Sea. Its capital city is Almería.


Kenai Peninsula

The Kenai Peninsula is a large peninsula at the southern coast of Alaska in the United States. The name "Kenai" is probably derived from "Kenayskaya", the Russian name for Cook Inlet, which borders the peninsula to the west. The peninsula sticks out about from the mainland of Alaska. Several towns and cites are there, including Soldotna, Kenai, Seward, and Homer. The pennsula has its own local government. There is also a lot of wilderness, a lot of it is in protected areas such as the Chugach National Forest and the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge.


Provinces of Gran Colombia

The 37 provinces of Gran Colombia in 1824:

The Nutty Professor (1996 movie)

The Nutty Professor is a 1996 American science fiction romantic comedy movie. It was released by Imagine Entertainment/Paramount Pictures. It stars Eddie Murphy and co-stars Jada Pinkett Smith, John Ales, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle and Montell Jordan.

Eddie Murphy plays university professor Sherman Klump, Jada Pinkett Smith plays a chemistry graduate student, John Ales plays Sherman’s assistant Jason, James Coburn plays Harlan Hartley, Larry Miller plays Dean Richmond, Dave Chappelle plays Reggie Warrington and Montell Jordan plays himself.

It was marketed as a family science fiction comedy and earned $273,961,019. It had one sequel named "" which was released in theaters and later given a format release. There is also a third movie in development which was set to be released mid-late 2011.

2010 WTA Tour

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour is the number one tier professional tennis tour for women's tennis competition. The 2010 WTA Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the WTA Premier tournaments (Premier Mandatory, Premier 5 and regular Premier), the WTA International tournaments, the Fed Cup (organised by the ITF), and the year-end championships (the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships). Also included in the 2010 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.

This is the complete schedule of events on the 2010 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.


2011 ATP World Tour

The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour is the number one tier tennis tour for men's tennis competition. The 2011 ATP World Tour calendar consists of Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the ATP World Tour Masters 1000, the ATP World Tour 500 series, the ATP World Tour 250 series, the ATP World Team Championship, the Davis Cup (organized by the ITF), and the ATP World Tour Finals. Also included in the 2011 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2011 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.


Scotty 2 Hotty

Scott Ronald Garland (born July 2, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and firefighter, currently signed to All Elite Wrestling as a coach and producer. He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) under the ring names "Too Hot" Scott Taylor and Scotty 2 Hotty from 1991 to 2007.

He was one-half of the tag-team Too Cool with Grandmaster Sexay and sometimes Rikishi. During his time in Too Cool, Garland won the WWE Tag Team Championship 1
Onetime with Rikishi and won the WWF World Tag Team Championship with Grandmaster Sexay. He also defeated Dean Malenko to win the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship on April 17, 2000 but he held the title for only 10 days before he dropped it back to Malenko on April 27, 2000.

In February 2013, he began training as a firefighter and graduated from the Lake Tech Fire Academy in Tavares, Florida in June 2013.

In October 2023, Garland said in an interview that he was working for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as a coach and producer.

Garland has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:



2011 WTA Tour

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour is the number one tier professional tennis tour for women's tennis competition. The 2011 WTA Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the WTA Premier tournaments (Premier Mandatory, Premier 5 and regular Premier), the WTA International tournaments, the Fed Cup (organised by the ITF), and the year-end championships (the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships). Also included in the 2011 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2011 WTA Tour. Player progression will be documented from the quarterfinals stage.


2011 Brisbane International

The 2011 Brisbane International was a combined Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and Women's Tennis Association (WTA) tennis tournament, played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 3rd edition of the tournament and took place at the Queensland Tennis Centre in Tennyson, Brisbane. It was held from January 2 to 9 . It was part of the Australian Open Series in preparation for the first grandslam of the year.

 Robin Söderling def. Andy Roddick, 6–3, 7–5.

 Petra Kvitová def. Andrea Petkovic, 6–1, 6–3.

 Lukáš Dlouhý / Paul Hanley def. Robert Lindstedt / Horia Tecău, 6–4, retired.

 Alisa Kleybanova / Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova def. Klaudia Jans / Alicja Rosolska, 6–3, 7–5.


Jhang

Jhang is a city in Pakistan. It is the capital of Jhang District. It is on the east bank of the Chenab River.

Bhawana Tehsil

Bhawana Tehsil is in Chiniot District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is on the bank of the Chenab River.

Bhawana

Bhawana (Bhowana) (, ) is a capital of Bhawana Tehsil and a city of Punjab, Pakistan. It is on the bank of Chenab River. Its administration (Bhawana Tehsil) was made a tehsil of Chiniot District on 2 February 2009 when Mian Shahbaz Sharif (Chief Minister of Punjab) came to Chiniot to make it a district. Before that, Bhawana was a sub-tehsil of Chiniot Tehsil and Chiniot Tehsil was a tehsil of Jhang District.

Bhawana is on the banks of the Chenab River. It is between coordinates 31°33'58 in North and 72°38'46 in East with altitude of 157 m (515 ft). Its soil is very fertile. It is among the area's largest agriculture cities. It is 36 km from Chiniot, 50 km from Faisalabad, 46 km from Jhang and 70 km from Sargodha. Its weather is like much of Pakistan's, with summer, spring, winter and autumn seasons. Its temperatures are moderate.

Chiniot

Chiniot is a city of Punjab province in Pakistan. It is the capital of Chiniot District. It is on the bank of the Chenab River.

All-India Muslim League

The All-India Muslim League was a political party in British India. It was founded at Dacca (now Dhaka, Bangladesh), in the Bengal Presidency, in 1906. The League played an important role during the 1940s in the Indian independence movement. It was a driving force behind the creation of Pakistan as a Muslim state on the Indian subcontinent.

After the independence of India and Pakistan, the Muslim League was split. The major part went to Pakistan and continued politics as the Muslim League there. The Muslim League remained as a minor party in India, especially in Kerala.

In Pakistan, the League formed the country's first government. The League disintegrated into a number of factions during the 1950s after an army coup by General Ayub Khan. One or more functions of the Muslim League have been in power in most of the civilian governments of Pakistan since 1947.

In Bangladesh, the party gained strength in 1976 and won 14 seats in 1979 parliamentary election. Its importance has decreased since then. The League no longer holds any major or significant role in Bangladesh.
In Pakistan, the Pakistan Muslim League (PML) is still one of the major political parties. It has split into a number of separate groups now, like the PML-N, PML-Q and others.

Mir Taqi Mir

Mir Taqi Mir (born 1723 in Agra - died September 21, 1810 in Lucknow). He was an Urdu poet and one of the pioneers who gave Urdu shape to itself. He is remembered as Khuda-e-Sukhan which means "god of poetry". His father's name was syed ali muttaqi . 

Kristina Keneally

Kristina Kerscher Keneally (born 19 December 1968) is an American-born Australian politician. She was the 42nd Premier of New South Wales. On 3 December 2009 the Australian Labor Party caucus elected Keneally to replace Nathan Rees as leader and she became the first woman premier of New South Wales. The Labor Party lost the 2011 state election, and Barry O'Farrell of the Liberal Party became the new premier on 28 March 2011. 
On 29 June 2012, Keneally resigned from Parliament as she started her job as CEO of Basketball Australia. 

List of Urdu-language poets

Below is a list of Urdu Poets.

















Ted Baillieu

Edward Norman "Ted" Baillieu MLA (born 31 July 1953) is an Australian politician. He was the Premier of Victoria from 2010 to 2013, and member for the Legislative Assembly seat of Hawthorn. He became the leader of the Victorian Division of the Liberal Party of Australia since May 2006 and Premier of Victoria from 2 December 2010 after the Liberal/Nationals Coalition defeated the Brumby-led Australian Labor Party government with 45 seats to 43 in the Legislative Assembly. He resigned as Premier on 6 March 2013. There had been complaints about his ability to lead and there was a scandal involving his Chief of Staff. Earlier on 6 March, a member of the party, Geoff Shaw, resigned which meant Baillieu no longer had a workable majority in Parliament.

University of the Punjab

University of the Punjab is a public university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It was established in 1882 and is the oldest university in Pakistan. The university is spread over an area of . It is affiliated with the and the Pakistan Engineering Council.

It has two campuses in Lahore, the Allama Iqbal campus (the old campus) and the Quaid-e-Azam campus (the new campus). There is also a campus in Gujranwala, Jhelum, Khanaspur and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

Marital status

A person's marital status is the answer to the question about whether he is married. This question is usually seen on the forms such as censuses and credit card applications. The application forms ask you to select either the word "Single" or the word "Married".

Location

In geography, the term location or geographical location is the place or location used to identify a point on the surface of the Earth or any other place in relation to the countries and bodies of water adjacent to this place. It can also be determined by the 360-degree longitude lines separated by the Greenwich line to 180 degrees east and 180 degrees west; a coordinate system. The 180 degrees latitude are divided by the equator into 90 degrees north and 90 degrees south. 


Jhang Tehsil

Jhang Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Jhang District. It is on the bank of Chenab River and Jhelum River.

Islamic studies

Islamic studies is a term that can mean two different things.

"Islamic studies" can mean researching or learning any topic in a way that agrees with Islamic knowledge. It includes all the traditional forms of religious thought, such as Kalam (Islamic theology) and Fiqh (Islamic law). It also looks at areas of study that look at secular topics from an Islamic understanding. For example, Islamic science and Islamic economics.

"Islamic studies" can also mean studying the history of Islam and Islamic philosophy. Academics from many different disciplines (areas of study) study and share knowledge on Muslim societies as it is today and as it has been in the past. Some non-Muslim scholars have written works which are read by many Muslims. Before 1980, such non-Muslim scholars in this field had been called "Islamicists". The field of study was often a part of Oriental studies It is now more often said to be a part of Asian studies. Many universities have degrees on the subject of Islamic studies.

Punjab International Public High School

Punjab International Public School is a high school on Aminpur road in Bhawana. It has a well educated faculty of males and females. It studies the classes Nursery to Matric.

Aminpur

Aminpur is a town in Faisalabad, Pakistan. It is near the border with the Chiniot District.

Life peer

A Life Peer is a member of the British House of Lords, who is appointed to serve for his or her lifetime. The first life peers were made in the 19th century, to help the House of Lords carry out its job as England's highest court, but this is now done by the Supreme Court.

Liquid scintillation counting

Liquid scintillation counting is an analytical technique. It is used to measure radiation from beta (alpha) - emitting nuclides. It can also detect the auger electrons emitted from Chromium-51 (Cr) and Iodine-125 (I) samples. Samples of nuclides are dissolved or suspended in a "cocktail". The "cocktail" is containing an aromatic solvent and small amounts of other additives known as fluors. Beta (alpha) particles emitted from the sample transfer energy to the solvent molecules. The molecules in turn transfer their energy to the fluors. The excited fluor molecules dissipate the energy by emitting light. Scintillation cocktails often contain additives that shift the wavelength of the emitted light. It makes it more easily detected.

The samples are placed in small transparent (often glass or plastic) vials. They are loaded into a liquid scintillation counter. The counter has two photomultiplier tubes. They are connected in a coincidence circuit. The coincidence circuit assures that genuine light pulses are counted. 
Counting efficiencies under ideal conditions is about 30% for tritium. Tritium is a low-energy beta emitter. It is nearly 100% for phosphorus-32 (P). Phosphorus is a high-energy beta emitter. Some chemical compounds and highly colored samples can interfere with the counting process. This interference is known as "quenching". It can be overcome through data correction or through careful sample preparation. P can also be counted in a scintillation counter without the cocktail. This technique is known as Cherenkov counting. It relies on the Cherenkov radiation being detected directly by the photomultiplier tubes. Cherenkov counting in this experimental context is normally used for quick rough measurements.

Sarah Jessica Parker

Sarah Jessica Parker (born March 25, 1965) is an American television and movie actress, producer, and fashion designer. She was born in Nelsonville, Ohio.

Parker is partly of Jewish descent (her father is Jewish) and considers herself Jewish.

She played Carrie Bradshaw in the television series "Sex and the City". She has also starred in many movies, such as the 1984 movie "Footloose".

Sarah Jessica Parker married Matthew Broderick in 1997.

Old Street station

Old Street station is a central London National Rail and London Underground station. It is at the junction of Old Street and City Road. This is just north of the City of London. It is on the border between the boroughs of Islington and Hackney. The station is in Travelcard Zone 1.


Multiple working

Multiple Working is the term used in the UK where more than one operational diesel or electric locomotives are coupled together under the control of one driver. The term can also apply when diesel or electric multiple unit trains are coupled together and also under the control of one driver. 'In tandem' is the term usually used in the UK when more than one diesel or electric locomotive are hauling a single train and under the control of a driver on each locomotive.

If the front locomotive of a pair in multiple has failed the driver can still control the rear locomotive for as long as air and electricity supplies are available on the failed locomotive.

Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb

The Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb is an Islamic organisation which has its roots in Algeria. They are armed, and were called "Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat" (French: "Groupe Salafiste pour la Prédication et le Combat"; GSPC) beforehand. In English they were sometimes referred to as Group for Call and Combat. They want to overthrow the Algerian government and put an Islamic state in its place. To that end, it is currently engaged in an insurgent campaign.

It is commonly believed that the group is a false flag operation created by the Algerian state intelligence agency.
The group has said it would attack Algerian, Spanish, French, and American targets. It has been designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the U.S. Department of State, and similarly classed as a terrorist organization by the European Union.

The group is believed to be allied with Al-Qaeda, and to have between 300 and 800 active fighters.

Julia Louis-Dreyfus

Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus (born January 13, 1961) is an American actress of partly Jewish descent. 

Louis-Dreyfus is best known for her role as "Elaine Benes" in the television series "Seinfeld". She is also noted for her work in other television programs and in movies. She also starred on the situation comedy "The New Adventures of Old Christine". She also starred in the HBO show "Veep" where she played Selina Meyer, the Vice President of the United States.

She won many awards, like the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 2017.

Ancestor and Jewish-French businessman Léopold Louis-Dreyfus founded the Louis Dreyfus Group in the nineteenth century.

Wall Street

Wall Street is a street in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It runs southeast from Broadway, through the Financial District to South Street on the East River. It is home to the New York Stock Exchange, the world's largest stock exchange and Federal Hall. Most headquarters of many other American exchanges NYSE, NASDAQ, AMEX, NYMEX, NYBOT are also run from Wall Street.

Nancy Kerrigan

Nancy Kerrigan (born October 13, 1969) is an American silver medalist and figure skater. During the Winter Olympics of 1994, Kerrigan was clubbed behind the knee by an attacker. As a result, Tonya Harding, her figure skating rival, was banned from professional skating.

Kerrigan married her agent, Jerry Solomon, on September 9, 1995. The couple have three children together, Matthew, Brian, and Nicole.

Tonya Harding

Tonya Harding (born November 12, 1970) is an American former figure skater and boxer. She became well known because of her role in the attack on fellow skater Nancy Kerrigan in 1994. She was then banned by USFSA from professional skating. In her later years, Harding became a boxer.

Rufus Wainwright

Rufus Wainwright (born July 23, 1973, Rhinebeck, New York) is a Canadian-American singer. He is the son of singers and performers Loudon Wainwright III and Kate McGarrigle. His sister Martha Wainwright is also a well known singer.

In 2009 he wrote his first opera, "Prima Donna", which was first performed at the Manchester International Festival.

Wainwright made his first album in 1998. It was called "Rufus Wainwright".



