Globalization

Globalization is the spread of products, technology, information, and jobs across nations.

It is a term which may be used broadly to mean doing things as distant people do them, or more narrowly to mean complying to global standards in economy, politics, culture, education, environment or other matters. It describes the way countries and people of the world interact and integrate. Many things have become globalized as people come into contact.

Economic globalization is how countries are coming together as one big global economy, This is all making international trade easier. In the late 20th century, many people agreed to lower tariffs, or taxes on goods that are imported from other countries. Telegraphy and bull other communication technologies have helped people to buy and sell products from around the world, thus bringing globalization. Herman E. Daly has said that there is an important difference between internationalization and globalization. Internationalization is about nations working together for the same goals. These are things like treaties, alliances, and other international agreements. Globalization is about international trade that are 
being less blocked by national borders.

Political globalization is how institutions and countries can influence the whole world. The United Nations are an example of globalization because most countries of the world are members of its General Assembly. This international organization can make countries follow rules and apply economic sanctions to a country that doesn't. This means the countries in the U.N will punish them by not talking or trading with them, so they don't benefit from globalization.

Cultural globalization is how culture is becoming homogeneous, which means that people from all over the world act in similar way. For example, many people around the world write with the Latin alphabet, wear T-shirts and jeans and watch Hollywood movies and other media.

Some people, like Noam Chomsky, do not like globalization because they feel it only helps rich people get richer by making poor people poorer. Offshore outsourcing, such as a company hiring workers in a developing country, is often a part of globalization. This sometimes means that some people in a developed country lose their jobs. Joseph Stiglitz said that international groups like the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have made it harder for poorer nations to get richer. Globalization also means that problems from other countries will affect your country. For example, the Great Depression of the 1930s started in the United States but affected the entire world.

Many countries also dislike it when international organizations such as the United Nations tell them what to do. However they obey to avoid sanctions. Many people also criticize the fact that globalization means that fewer people are deciding what brands, like Coca-Cola and McDonald's, taking over smaller, local shops and businesses. They criticize the fact that powerful countries have bigger influence on world culture than others. For example, the United States is the biggest cultural exporter, which means that countries around the world are becoming like the United States. However, this hurts local cultures. Jean Baudrillard believes that globalization hurts local cultures and is the cause of most terrorism. He also believes that most supporters of globalization just want to stay in power.

Gregory Meyjes interprets globalization as a largely hegemonic, unequal process of socio-cultural imposition. Questioning the various processes (economic, political, cultural) by which globalization or globalisation has favored rapid Anglo-cultural dominance over a more gradual, egalitarian evolution towards an inclusive world civilization, Meyjes argues for cultural policies that support "ecological" relations between local ethnocultural traditions, by protecting cultural specificity in the short term and allow as many cultural groups as possible to organically contribute to the whole. At the global level, Meyjes therefore proposes the term universalization or universalisation to denote a process of (largely) non-imposed socio-cultural exchange between state-level and sub-state-level groups and "nations" – i.e. a transnational process that informs the gradual emergence of a universal civilization.

Others, like Thomas Friedman, believe that globalization can bring people together and make everyone richer without getting rid of local cultures. People who support globalization also believe that it makes war less likely because it is bad for business. Francis Fukuyama also argued that globalization would eventually lead to a system of world governance which would cause wars to end.

Many believe that globalization helps out poorer nations by bringing them business. A report by the World Bank said that poverty in India and Indonesia was cut in half because of globalization. The report also said that people in poorer nations are living longer and better because they were making more money.



North Holland

North Holland is a province (area with a local government) of the Netherlands. It is in the northwest. The capital is called Haarlem. Other cities in the province are Amsterdam, Hilversum, Alkmaar, Zaandam, and Hoorn. About 2,888,000 people are living in North Holland (2021).

Folk music

Folk music is music that represents the tradition or culture of the area, place or state. It is traditional music that people learn by listening to other people playing it and then copying them. We say that the tradition is "orally transmitted" or "handed down orally", meaning that the music is not written down but taught by speaking ("oral" means "belonging to the mouth"). Every country has its own traditional music. Folk song is part of folk music. A folksinger is a person who sings folk songs.

There are three categories of Folk Music:

In the 1960s a new type of music was started by Bob Dylan who mixed traditional folk song with rock and roll. This music is sometimes called "folk rock". 

Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to. In this way it is different from classical music which is mainly developed by professional musicians for a smaller group of people. Folk music is part of a popular culture, although the term "popular music" or "pop music" today refers to a kind of music which people can hear through television, radio and other means of recording.

In many parts of the world nearly all music is folk music. The term "folk music" is usually used for European and American music which is part of an oral tradition. Folk music as an oral tradition, is much less important than before, in part because of new technology (radio, television etc, and recordings of music). Folk tunes are now often written down, and they have influenced other kinds of music, so that the differences between various types of music are harder to see.

In older times folk music was part of "communal recreation". This means that small communities such as villages or families would relax by playing and singing music together. People would often make up a new song or new piece of music, or make changes to music that they already knew. In this way music was always changing. People would get musical ideas from other groups nearby. This is why folk music from neighbouring countries often sound similar.

Ballads were a popular kind of folk music. These were folk songs which told a story (they were "narrative"). Sometimes they had a refrain after each verse so that everybody could join in. Ballads told stories of love, myths or folklore. This is how stories were handed down from one generation to another.

Instrumental folk music was used for dancing. Some of the instruments may have been very simple, such as a pair of sticks, rattle or a simple drum. Other instruments may include fiddle (the folk word for "violin"), bagpipes, harp, zither, or various wind instruments, depending on the time of history and the country.

Some singing was polyphonic, i.e. there were two or more parts (voices). Very often two voices would sing in parallel (going up and down together). In countries such as Russia persons sings in three or four parts, e.g. in the tradition of "podgolosnaya" ("underneath the voice"). In countries, such as Britain, this polyphonic tradition did not exist. Folk songs there were sung by one singer, unaccompanied.

Folk music used different scales. These are called modes. The Ionian mode (major scale) was the most common in Western Europe. In some parts of Eastern Europe modes with several semitones were used, but for the most part, half steps were avoided. This results is the tunes being described as tetratonic (four notes per octave) or pentatonic (five notes per octave).

Folk music also includes simple children's songs and lullabies.

Folk music was sung by people as they worked. In the early days of European immigration in America the pioneers sang as they travelled, cowboys sang as they worked, slaves sang in the cottonfields.

In the 18th century folk music started to have an influence on classical music (or "art music"). People from the higher classes started to be interested in folk music because they were conscious of being part of a tradition. Composers such as Mozart and Schubert wrote folk dances for orchestras or small groups of instruments.

Folk music was used by many composers in the Romantic period. Gustav Mahler used folk song in a lot of his music. In the early twentieth century some composers travelled around collecting folk music which was being played or sung by people in the country. They often used some of these ideas in their music. Bartok did this in Hungary as well as in Bulgaria and in the United States, and people such as Cecil Sharp and the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams collected folk music in England. In the United States the influence of jazz on classical music is all part of the story of folk music.


Abraham

Abraham (originally Abram) is a man in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an. There, he is said to be the father of all Jews. This is because he is their ancestor. Abraham is part of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic religions. Abraham is considered the father of these three religions, which are called Abrahamic religions.

Abraham is the father of Isaac with his wife Sarah. He also has Ishmael with Hagar, Sarah's handmaid, and he has other children with Keturah, whom he marries after Sarah's death. He is the grandfather of Jacob and Esau. Abraham is believed to be the founding patriarch of the Israelites, Ishmaelites and Edomites. Abraham was the son of Terah and the grandson of Nahor (son of Serug). Abraham's older brothers were named Nahor (son of Terah) and Haran.

In the Book of Genesis, Abraham leaves his home in Mesopotamia for Canaan because the Almighty told him to go there and become the ancestor of a great nation. At the time, his name was Abram but then the Almighty told him to circumcise himself and all his sons and that “the uncircumcised male who dwells among you, his soul shall be cut off, for he has rejected my covenant” and after his circumcision Abram changed his name to Abraham.

When Abraham was circumcised, the Almighty told him that his wife Sarah would give birth to a son but Abraham laughed because of how old he was and asked the Almighty to give a blessing to Ishmael. The Almighty told Abraham that he would bless Ishmael and that Sarah would give birth to a son whose children would inherit what the Almighty promised Abraham. 

After Abraham’s circumcision three angels pretending to be humans came to him and told him that in one year his wife Sarah would give birth to a son but she laughed since Abraham was 100 years old (and she was 90) but the angels said that nothing is impossible for the Almighty. One year later, Sarah gave birth to a son. Abraham circumcised him and named him Isaac because of the laughter. Years after Hagar and Ishmael were sent away, the Almighty told Abraham “take your son, your only one, whom you love Isaac and sacrifice him” and Abraham took Isaac to a mountain to be a human sacrifice but then the Almighty sent an angel to Abraham to stop him from killing Isaac and said that “I have seen that you are indeed a God fearing man since you have not withheld your son, your only one from me” so Abraham sacrificed a ram instead of Isaac. And Abraham named the place Yireh.

After Abraham’s wife Sarah died when she was 127 years old, Abraham bought the Cave of Machpelah from Ephron the Hittite for 400 shekels and buried Sarah there. He then sent his servant to find a wife for Isaac. Then Abraham married Keturah and became the father of many children. Abraham died when he was 175 years old and Isaac and Ishmael buried him next to Sarah in the Cave of Machpelah.

According to a midrash in the Talmud, when Abraham was young, his father Terah told him to take care of his store selling idols but instead Abraham destroyed them except the biggest one and told Terah that it had destroyed the rest and Terah told him that idols are mindless statues and not deities so they couldn’t have done that. Then Abraham asked Terah why he worshipped them so Terah took him to King Nimrod who tried to kill him by burning him in a furnace but a miracle saved Abraham. So Nimrod asked Abraham’s brother Haran what he believed and Haran said he believed in the deity of Abraham because He would save him with a miracle. Then Nimrod threw Haran to the furnace and he died and Nimrod sent away Terah and his family. And then the Almighty told Abraham to go to Canaan.


Tao Te Ching

Tao Te Ching ( <nowiki>[</nowiki><nowiki>]</nowiki>) is the Chinese name of a book by a man named Laozi (or Lao Tzu, which literally means "old master"). Laozi was a sage (a wise man) and he was a record-keeper. The title can mean "The Book of the Way and its Virtue." People believe the book was written around 600 BC.

It is an important text to Chinese culture. It is very important in Chinese philosophy (way of thinking) and religion. It is the main book for Taoism, which is both a philosophy and part of Chinese folk religion. It also influenced other philosophies in and around China.

There are many ways to translate the book's title, because each Chinese word has a few meanings:

The three words together gives the meaning "Virtue Way Rules".

The book is constructed of a series of poems, each containing a rule, way or belief to becoming successful.

The Tao Te Ching is a short book of about 5,000 Chinese characters. It has 81 short chapters. It has two parts: Part One is the Tao Ching (道經) "Way Rules", which is chapters 1–37; Part Two is the Te Ching (德經) "Virtue Rules", which is chapters 38–81.

The Tao Te Ching is one of the most translated books in history, alongside the Bible and the Quran. Why are there thousands of translations? The text is short, the meaning is difficult. There are many interpretations, or ways to understand what the book says.



Bacon

Bacon is a type of meat that comes from pigs. It is taken from the sides, back, or belly of the pig. It is often cut in thin slices, unlike other cured or smoked pork products. It is usually fried or grilled. It can also be microwaved.

In the U.S., back bacon and smoked ham is sometimes called Canadian bacon.

Bacon has lots of fat. Because bacon comes from pigs, people of some religions will not eat it. In some cultures and religions (such as Islam and Judaism), eating pork may be considered "unclean." Because of this, other varieties of bacon are also made out of turkey or chicken instead. Turkey bacon and chicken bacon usually contain half of the fat of pork-based bacon.

The type of bacon is different depending on the primal cut of pork it is made of.


The inclusion of skin with a cut of bacon is called the 'bacon rind'.

Salted pork belly first appeared in China. In Middle English the term bacon or bacoun meant pork in general. Before the Industrial Revolution, bacon was mostly made on local farms and in home kitchens. The world's first bacon processing plant was opened in Wiltshire in the 1770s.

Molotov-Ribbentrop pact

The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, otherwise known as the Nazi-Soviet Pact, was signed by Vyacheslav Molotov (Stalin's Soviet foreign minister) and Joachim von Ribbentrop (Hitler's German foreign minister) on 23 August 1939. The agreement promised that neither the Soviet Union nor Nazi Germany would attack each other.

A secret part established spheres of interest in Eastern Europe, and a border between both countries existed after they had invaded and divided Poland.

Only nine days later, on 1 September 1939, the German invasion of Poland began. On 17 September, the Soviet invasion of Poland began. 

About 250,000 to 454,700 Polish soldiers and policemen were captured and interned by the Soviet authorities. About 125,000 were imprisoned in camps run by the NKVD, and 43,000 soldiers born in western Poland, which was under German control, were transferred to the Germans. In turn, the Soviets received 13,575 Polish prisoners from the Germans, which showed how close the co-operation was between the Germans and the Soviets. 

On 3 September, France and the United Kingdom declared war soon because both had promised to defend Poland if it was attacked. Since neither of them was ready for war, they did nothing to help Poland for some time, but the Second World War clearly had started on that day.

Hitler later broke the pact in June 1941 by invading the Soviet Union in Operation Barbarossa. The war would end by the Soviet victory in 1945.

Vyacheslav Molotov

Vyacheslav Mikhaylovich Molotov (; in Kukarka – November 8, 1986 in Moscow) was a Soviet politician and diplomat who served as the Premier of the Soviet Union from 1930 to 1941. He was a leading figure in the Soviet government from the 1920s, when he came to power. He worked for Joseph Stalin from 1924 to 1953 when Stalin died, and for Georgy Malenkov from March-September 1953. He worked for Nikita Khrushchev until Khrushchev dismissed him from office in 1956.

Molotov was the main Soviet signatory of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact of 1939. The pact was signed between Germany and the Soviet Union, and both countries promised not to attack each other. The pact lasted about two years until Germany started the invasion of the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941.

The Molotov Cocktail, which was invented by Finns fighting in the Winter War against the Soviet invasion of Finland, is named after him. 

Babylonia

Babylonia was a city state in Mesopotamia in the 2nd millennium BC, over 3000 years ago. Its capital city was Babylon, which meant "The Gate of the Gods". They built an empire out of the lands of the former Akkadian empire.

Mesopotamia is the region of the two rivers, Euphrates and Tigris. At that time the region also included the city states of Assyria to the north, and Elam to the south-east. It is part of the Fertile Crescent in the Middle East. It was there people first lived together in a civilization, with farming, cities and writing. 

The Babylonians had a written language that they used for trade and communication. They got it from the Sumerians, who invented it. The Babylonians used the same cuneiform system of pressing triangular shapes into soft clay. They wrote in two different languages: Sumerian for religious purposes and Akkadian language for official purposes.

Hammurabi was a king of Babylon who fought wars. He made Babylonia into an empire by putting Assyria under a vassal (puppet) king. He made the earliest written set of laws, the "Code of Hammurabi". It has 280 judgments. It can be seen today in the Louvre, in Paris. The earlier Sumerian punishments had not been harsh, but Babylonian law was quite severe. The death penalty was given for theft, murder, and other crimes.

The houses in Babylon had open roofs, so that on hot nights, the family could sleep there. The living rooms, dining rooms, and the kitchens were, of course, downstairs. Lamps burned with olive oil, and every house had a chapel for burial and worship ceremonies. Since Mesopotamia had only clay for use in building, the strong wooden supports for the houses were imported from Lebanon. Eventually, people began baking their bricks and improved the strength of their buildings.

Later, Babylon was sacked by the Hittite king Musilis I, which led to the so-called 'Dark Ages' of the Bronze Age, where there is little evidence in writing. The date of the sacking of Babylon is debated by archaeologists, who have proposed no fewer than four chronologies. Possible dates for the sack of Babylon are:
The difficulty is to line up the Mesopotamian dates with the Ancient Egyptian dates.

After the Hittite destruction, Babylon was ruled by Kassites for 576 years. Next it was ruled by Elam, and then regained its independence for about three centuries. They were then conquered by the Neo-Assyrians. A century later they again became free, to form the Neo-Babylonian or Chaldean Empire. This constant conquest and re-conquest is partly due to geography. There are no natural boundaries except the rivers, and it is easy to get at the cities from north or south.

The king Nebuchadnezzar II reigned for 43 years. He conquered Phoenicia in 585 BC.

The Babylonian empire was finally brought to an end by Cyrus the Great of Persia. 

It was in 549 BC that Cyrus put an end to the empire of the Medes. Three years later Cyrus had become king of the Achaemenid Empire (Persia), and was engaged in a campaign in northern Mesopotamia. 

In 539 BC Cyrus invaded Babylonia. A battle was fought at Opis in the month of June, where the Babylonians were defeated; and immediately afterwards Sippara surrendered to the invader. Two days after the capture of Sippara, "the soldiers of Cyrus entered Babylon without fighting". Cyrus did not arrive until the 3rd of "Marchesvan" (October), Gobryas having acted for him in his absence. Gobryas was now made governor of the province of Babylon.

Cyrus now claimed to be the legitimate successor of the ancient Babylonian kings and the avenger of their god Bel-Marduk. The invasion of Babylonia by Cyrus was doubtless helped by the presence of foreign forced exiles like the Jews, who had been planted in the midst of the country.

One of the first acts of Cyrus was to allow these exiles to return to their own homes, carrying with them the images of their god and their sacred vessels. The permission to do so was embodied in a proclamation, whereby the conqueror endeavored to justify his claim to the Babylonian throne. The feeling was still strong that none had a right to rule over western Asia until he had been consecrated to the office by Bel and his priests; and accordingly, Cyrus henceforth assumed the imperial title of "King of Babylon."

Like the Sumerians, the Babylonians ate vegetables, fruits, meat, and fish. They also ate bread and enjoyed toasting and eating the pesky but crunchy locusts which destroyed their precious crops.

The Babylonians loved art. Beautiful vessels ornamented with sparkling gold were buried with the kings. In those days books dealt with floods which were thought to be caused by sin, or about the journey of Abraham. 
Science, too, improved well: they invented the first calendar, the 60-minute hour, and the advance multiplication table.

Life was rich, full, and usually peaceful. People rarely thought about war or how to protect the city. As a result, Babylon was conquered in 730 BC by the Assyrians and Kassites. This great civilization then ended.


Joachim von Ribbentrop

Ulrich Friedrich Wilhelm Joachim von Ribbentrop ("von" was added only later) (30 April 1893 in Wesel,Rhine Province,Prussia,Germany/16 October 1946 in Nuremberg,Bavaria, Germany) was the foreign minister of Germany from 1938 to 1945. He was executed by hanging for war crimes after the Nuremberg trials.

From 1936 to 1938, before the Second World War, he had been the ambassador to the United Kingdom.

Noise

Noise is another word for sound. It usually means it is not wanted. Noise is perceived by our ears. They can be damaged by noise. Noise is created through any object, which produces vibration unnecessarily. 

Noise can also mean data (information) that typically does not have a meaning, like "white noise". Loudspeaker measurements can use white noise for measuring loudspeakers frequency response.

Noise can also refer to some math that makes random numbers. Click here to learn about it.

In electronics, heat produces noise in resistors. Depending on the type of resistor, the amount of noise may differ. Most audio devices are designed not to produce noise.


Karma

Karma is a word meaning the result of a person's actions as well as the actions themselves. It is a term about the cycle of cause and effect. According to the theory of Karma, what happens to a person, happens because they caused it with their actions. It is an important part of many religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism. In Shinto (a religion often syncretised with Buddhism), Karma is interpreted as "Musubi" (むすび), a view of karma is recognized in Shinto as a means of enriching, empowering and life affirming.

In terms of spiritual development, Karma is about all that a person has done, is doing and will do. Karma is logically about punishment or reward. It makes a person responsible for their own life, and how they treat other people.

The "Theory of Karma" is a major belief in Hinduism, Ayyavazhi, Sikhism, Buddhism, and Jainism. All living creatures are responsible for their karma - their actions and the effects of their actions.

 Karma is often misconstrued as the universal principle of cause and effect. Our actions, both good and bad, come back to us in the future, helping us to learn from life’s lessons and become better people. In religions that include reincarnation, karma extends through one's present life and all past and future lives as well.

Karma is basically energy. One person throws out energy through thoughts, words and actions, and it comes back, in time, through other people. Karma is the best teacher, forcing people to face the consequences of their own actions and thus improve and refine their behavior, or suffer if they do not. Even harsh karma, when faced in wisdom, can be the greatest spark for spiritual growth. The conquest of karma lies in intelligent action and unemotional response.

Supporting any action, with the claim, "I am doing it," is karma. Claiming doership of any action, binds karma. To support the action with the belief 'I am the doer' is called binding the karma. It is this support of the belief of 'doership' that binds karma. If you know that you are not the doer and are aware of who the true doer is, 'I am not the doer' and 'who is the doer' then the action will not have any support and the karma will be shed.

The process of action and reaction on all levels—physical, mental and spiritual—is karma. One must pay attention to thoughts, because thought can make karmas—good, bad and mixed.

“I say kind words to you, and you feel peaceful and happy. I say harsh words to you, and you become ruffled and upset. The kindness and the harshness will return to me, through others, at a later time. Finally, what I give is what I get back.”

“An architect thinks creative, productive thoughts while drawing plans for a new building. But were he to think destructive, unproductive thoughts, he would soon not be able to accomplish any kind of positive task even if he desired to do so.”

Hindus look at time as a circle, as things cycle around again. Karma is a very just law which, like gravity, treats everyone the same. The law of karma puts man at the center of responsibility for everything he does and everything that is done to him. Understanding the way karma works, Hindus try to live a virtuous life. This is called dharma.

There are three types of karma in Hinduism:

Karma is considered one of the natural laws of the mind, just as gravity is a law of matter. Just as God created gravity to bring order to the physical world, He created karma as a divine system of justice that is self-governing and infinitely fair. It automatically creates the appropriate future experience in response to the current action.

Several different views exist in Hinduism regarding the role of divine beings. In Hinduism, many see the deities or devas as playing some kind of role. Other Hindus, such as the Mimamsakas, reject such notions and see karma as acting independently, considering the natural laws of causation sufficient to explain the effects of karma.

Some interpretations of the Bhagavad Gita suggest an intermediate view, that karma is a law of cause and effect yet God can mitigate karma for His devotees. It is said in Bhagavad Gita that only the karma that is done with a sense of doership and with attachment to the karma could cause good or bad reactions. Karma that is done with an attitude of duty and without attachment to the results will not create any effect and will move one closer to God.

Another view holds that a Satguru, acting on God's behalf, can mitigate or work out some of the karma of the disciple.



Western hemisphere

The western hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is west of the Prime Meridian. Pretend that the earth is cut in half, from the North Pole, through England, to the South Pole. The Western Hemisphere is the half to the west. The other half is called the Eastern Hemisphere.


Molotov cocktail

A Molotov cocktail, also known as a petrol bomb, fire bomb, or benzine torch, is a simple incendiary device, meant to start a fire. It is relatively easy to make and is used by irregular paramilitary forces and by rioters. It is also used for arson.

It was used for the first time in the Spanish Civil War between July 1936 and April 1939, but it became known as "Molotov cocktails" only during the Second World War.

A Molotov cocktail consists of a glass bottle partly filled with a flammable liquid. The liquid will typically be gasoline, alcohol, methanol or ethanol. The mouth of the bottle is closed with a cork or other type of tight sealing made of rubber, glass, or plastic, and a cloth rag is fixed securely around the mouth. The weapon is used by first soaking the rag in a flammable liquid immediately before using it, lighting the rag, and throwing the bottle at the target. The bottle breaks when it lands, spilling the flammable liquid over the target, which is then ignited by the burning rag.

Many substances may be added to the basic Molotov cocktail to enhance its use as a weapon. These include:

Molotov cocktails are similar to napalm bombs in principle. Napalm was originally made by combining flammable naphthalene and petrol with a thickening agent palmitic acid. The latter two are the main ingredients of Molotov cocktails. When gasoline is used as the main ingredient, motor oil is commonly added to help the gasoline cling to the target.

The name "Molotov cocktail" is derived from Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov, a Soviet politician. He was the People's Commissar for Foreign Affairs, or the Foreign Minister, of the Soviet Union.

During the early part of World War II, when Finland refused to surrender some land to the Soviet Union, the Soviets invaded it. The poorly equipped and heavily outnumbered Finnish Army faced Red Army tanks in what came to be known as the Winter War. The army borrowed an improvised incendiary device from the 1936–39 Spanish Civil War. In that conflict, the Spanish Nationalists under the orders of General Francisco Franco had used the weapon against Soviet T-26 tanks. Those tanks helped the Spanish Republicans in a failed 1936 Soviet assault near Toledo, 30 km from Madrid.

When Molotov claimed in radio broadcasts that the Soviet Union was not dropping bombs but rather delivering food to the starving Finns, the Finns started to call the air bombs satirically "Molotov bread baskets". Soon they responded by saluting the advancing tanks with "Molotov cocktails." At first the term was used to describe only the burning mixture itself, but the term was soon applied to the combination of both the bottle and its contents. This Finnish use of the hand- or sling-thrown explosive against Soviet tanks was repeated in the subsequent Continuation War. Molotov cocktails were eventually mass-produced by the Finnish military, bundled with matches to light them.

These weapons saw widespread use by all sides in World War II. They were very effective against light tanks, and very bad for enemy morale. The following is a first-hand description of their effects, written during the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943:

During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, members of the Israeli Kibbutz Degania managed to stop a Syrian tank assault by using Molotov cocktails. They were frequently used against Soviet tanks with great efficiency in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.

The weapon has been used against tanks effectively because of the conformation of parts of tanks, particularly around the undersides and fuel tank "entrances". A Molotov cocktail could blow up the fuel tank, destroying the machine, particularly for older (before 1940) tank models. Molotov cocktails are much more effective against gasoline engines than diesel engines' tanks. This is because diesel has a high flashpoint of 64 °C – making it more difficult to ignite compared to petrol. Some Soviet tanks actually had an entry to the gas tank on the side of the vehicle, which could be opened by combatants in close quarters, letting out the highly flammable liquid and making destruction of the tank even easier. These tactics are effective only inside a small space, where tanks cannot easily maneuver. In such conditions quick-moving enemies, armed with incendiary bombs, have a huge advantage.

Petrol bombs were widely used throughout the Troubles in Northern Ireland in riot situations, directed towards the RUC or the British Army. As well as occasional situations where they continue to be used against the PSNI and army, they are frequently used in sectarian attacks on homes and businesses by both communities. Fireworks and homemade grenades, known as blast bombs now commonly accompany petrol bomb attacks on the security forces.

As such things can cause a lot of damage, and actually kill people, it is illegal in most countries to make or possess them. When they are used against property, this usually counts as "arson". When they are used against people, the charges range from manslaughter to murder.

Given the recent terrorism laws, such things could also fall under anti-terror legislation.

Ukrainians were using these to fend off Russian tanks late February 2022.

Molotov cocktails were put to use recently during the riotous 2005 civil unrest in France. Another situation with popularity for them is the Palestinian Intifada.

In Sydney, during the Cronulla Riots, rioters carrying Molotov cocktails were apprehended when they carried open bottles in a bus. The resulting smell of petrol alerted the driver, who in turn alerted the police.

During the Columbine High School massacre, the two gunmen built and threw several Molotov cocktails; however, none of them exploded. It is presumed that this was due to bottles being overfilled.


Flammability

Flammability or inflammability means that something can be set on fire easily. It will burn easily. The words come from Latin. The word at the base is "in-flammare" (late Latin). It means something like "to put fire to a thing".

"Inflammable" and "flammable" are used to mean the same thing. People sometimes get confused and think that "inflammable" means "not flammable" because the prefix "in" is often used to mean "not". For example, something that is inhuman is not human. Since many people do not know that "inflammable" means "burns easily", "flammable" is used more often in public places as a warning.

Flammability can be tested. Paper, for example, is more flammable than wood, and less flammable than natural gas.

Arson

Arson is a crime. When someone deliberately sets fire to anything (such as a building or vehicle) they do not own and they want to cause damage, it is called arson. A person who commits arson is an arsonist. Arsonists usually use gasoline or kerosene to start a fire. 

Arsonists use matches, Molotov cocktails and fire starters to start a fire. Arson is common in violent protests and retaliations against the government and other powers. 

Arsonists deliberately burn things for benefits that they want. This includes personal reasons, reasons related to money, or political reasons.

Julio Gonzalez became one of the most prolific arsonists in history when he set fire to the Happy Land nightclub with only 6 of the 93 occupants making it out alive. Julio started the fire after the bouncer kicked him out late in the evening due to him quarreling with his girlfriend Lydia Feliciano after she recently quit her job there. She was one of the 6 people to survive the fire. The club also came under fire due to the club having no fire escapes or sprinklers. 

Cocktail

A cocktail is a kind of mixed drink. Usually, it is made with alcoholic drinks such as vodka, gin or rum. Since such spirits do not have much taste of their own (at around 40% alcohol), other ingredients are added. Common ingredients are fruits, fruit juice, sugar, crushed ice, and ice cubes. If the cocktail is served in a bar or nightclub, it often comes with a piece of fruit on top. For example, a gin and tonic could have a lemon, a Piña Colada could have a pineapple and a cherry. A popular cocktail in Cornwall UK is the McVey, 440ml of strongbow and 125ml of Malibu.

Most cocktails were invented in the late 19th or early 20th centuries. People began drinking a lot of cocktails in the United States in the 1920s due to Prohibition. Around that time, cocktails from Cuba, such as the mojito, became popular around the world.

Cocktails made without alcohol are also made.

Because all the ingredients give their flavor to the finished drink, a cocktail is only as good as the worst ingredient.

There are many kinds of cocktails. They include:



1103

1103 was a common year.



Sneeze

A sneeze is a reaction in the body that suddenly presses air out of lungs so it flows quickly out through the mouth and nose. Air and mucus (the liquid found in the nose) are forced out quickly. Sneezing often happens after breathing dust or other small things that irritate the membranes in the nose. The function of sneezing is to clean the space in the nose by removing the mucus and irritating things. Sneezing is mostly involuntary, which means that it happens without trying.

A sneeze consists of a deep inward breath that fills the lungs, a closing or partial closing of the throat, and a sudden increase in pressure in the lungs that forces air out. This increase in pressure is a result of muscles near the lungs that contract (tighten and shorten). Sneezing never happens during sleep because reflex signals do not pass to the part of the brain that causes muscles to move. When people sneeze, their eyes close. The speed of the air from sneezing is about 150 kilometers per hour or more.

Many animals sneeze, including human beings, cats, dogs, chickens and iguanas.

When a person sneezes, many small drops of saliva and mucus blow out from the nose and mouth. These tiny drops often contain viruses and bacteria. Some of these are germs, which can make other people sick. To keep this from happening as much, is important to block the sneezed air with something like cloth or tissue to catch the drops. It also helps to move away from other people, go outside, or face away.

A common thing to say to people when they sneeze is "Bless you!", or sometimes in the United States sometimes "Gesundheit!" (from German, meaning "Good health"). There is a story that the blessing started with Pope Gregory VII (540–604 AD). He said a blessing might stop people from getting the bubonic plague which was killing people in Rome at the time. There is a myth that when you sneeze your heart and all internal organs stop functioning.

The sound of a sneeze is written "achoo!" in English. Other languages write it differently. For example, in Swedish it is "atjoo!", in French it is "atchoum!" and in German it is "Hatschi!".

Some involuntary ways that people move air in or out of the lungs are: to sneeze, laugh, cough, hiccup, or yawn.


Puma

Pumas ("Puma concolor"), also called cougars, mountain lions, catamounts, or brown panthers, are large wild cats that live in the western half of North America, along with Florida, and most of Central and South America. 

Pumas are mainly tan-color, and can be up to 9 feet long, although average length is 6 – 8 feet. They can weigh from 29 kilograms to 90 kilograms. (The males are larger.) Most pumas live up to 21 years. Although pumas are very large and some are larger than humans, the puma is classified as a small cat. That means that, in scientific terms, the puma is more closely related to the domestic cat than they are to lions. Unlike the big cats in the genus "Panthera", the puma cannot roar. Instead, it can growl, hiss, screech, and purr. Since pumas are, in the biological sense, small cats, they are capable of purring continuously. The big cats can only purr while breathing out. 

Pumas are carnivores because they eat only meat. Pumas are apex predators. They prey on deer, elk, raccoons, squirrels, foxes, rabbits, and skunks. They can also prey on mice, beavers, coyotes, bobcats, birds, porcupines, fish, and bear cubs. They will sometimes prey on livestock such as cattle, goats, sheep, and pigs. They hunt at night. Cougars can see better at night than people can. They can hear well too. Pumas stalk their prey, which means they walk slowly and quietly, they hide and then when close, they jump or run fast to catch their prey by surprise. They live and hunt alone. Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves. Baby cougars are called cubs or kittens.

Pumas live in the mountains and forests far from people. However, encounters with humans happen sometimes. 26 people have been killed by cougars in North America in the last 30 years. However, many more cougars have been killed by humans. Cougars used to be found all in eastern North America, but they were hunted to extinction there by the beginning of the 1900s. Also, recent sightings of cougars have been reported from Michigan, New Brunswick, southern Indiana, Kentucky, and Vermont. For now, the only confirmed, population of cougars east of the Mississippi River is in Florida, where a subspecies of the cougar lives.



Google Talk

Google Talk (also called Google Chat) was an instant messaging service that was offered by Google. It let users communicate by using texting and voice chatting. The service was sometimes called Gchat, Gtalk, or Gmessage by its users.

It is built on the XMPP platform. A web-based version was also available online.

Armour

Armour (or armor U.S.) is a protective covering or clothing to prevent injury from attack. Armour can be worn by a person, or it can be used to protect machines, animals, even buildings. Armour has always been made from the strongest materials available at the time, but weight has always been a problem. Early body armour was made from leather. Later, metals were used (e.g. mail or plate armour). Some modern armour, like bullet-proof vests, are made from plastics that do not stretch or break, such as Kevlar. These plastics may be woven into a cloth and used in layers, which makes them even stronger.

Plastic lamination (layers) is often used to protect windows against bullets. Many jewellery stores, embassies, and vehicles have bullet-proof glass with this feature.

Armour put on vehicles is usually made of metal and can include one layer over another with open spaces in between (spaced armour) or multiple layers of metal; ceramics (baked clay), and other materials. Another type of armour uses blocks of explosive that explode when another explosion goes off near it. This explosive armour protects by pushing against the other explosion. Vehicle armor is often angled to increase the amount of armour that must be shot through to get inside and to make the shot bounce off rather than piercing the armour.

Tanks have the heaviest armour of all land vehicles. Other military vehicles have armour, but not as much as a tank. 

Sometimes armour is put in non-military vehicles, such as limousines used by leaders of a country or by anyone who thinks they might be attacked such as film stars or leaders of major companies.

In the past, armour has also been used in wars to protect animals such as dogs, elephants, and horses. Today, police dogs and horses sometimes wear woven plastic bullet-proof vests.

Many sports involve violent physical contact and may be highly dangerous if the players are unprotected. Such sports include ice hockey, American football and kendo. Sports armour is usually made from hard plastic. 

North Star Computers

North Star Computers was one of the earliest manufacturers of microcomputers. Before they started making their first computer, the "North Star Horizon", they made floppy disk drives for S-100 bus computers. They included a disk operating system called "North Star DOS" (or "N*DOS"). The Horizon used the North Star disk controller and operating system. It was one of the first microcomputers that had multi-user features.

Their second computer, called the "North Star Advantage", ran CP/M, and had the keyboard and monitor built-in. The graphics were very powerful for their time. When the IBM PC came out, North Star made an MS-DOS compatible processor card that could be added to the "Advantage".

Their third computer, the "North Star Dimension", was multi-user like the "Horizon", but MS-DOS based.

Because their products in the early 1980s were only MS-DOS compatible, not fully PC compatible, they never sold very many, and the company went out of business.

Mario Bros.

Mario Bros. is a video game made in 1983. In the game, Mario and/or Luigi must defeat enemies by jumping on them from below and then kicking them, when they are knocked down. It is the first game to feature Luigi as a playable character as well as the first game in which Mario is named Mario. In "Donkey Kong", Mario was called Jumpman. It was later remade for other game consoles at the time. "Mario Bros." was also included with the four "Super Mario Advance" games.

Oval

An oval is a shape. It is round but a bit longer in one direction. 


Focus

Focus is a Latin word for hearth. In English it means many things.


Pipe organ

The pipe organ is a keyboard instrument in which the sound is made by air blowing through pipes. A person who plays the organ is called an organist. The organist plays the instrument using both the hands and the feet. The hands play the keyboards (called manuals), while the feet play pedals which also make notes.

Organs have been made for many centuries. They are usually found in places for Christian worship such as churches and cathedrals, although they may also be found in places like town halls and concert halls or even large private houses. Very small organs can be called “chamber organs”. Organs in large churches, cathedrals or halls are very large instruments indeed, and are built especially for the building they are in. They are called “pipe organs” to distinguish them from modern “electronic organs”.

No two organs are ever quite the same, and they vary greatly from one country to another and one historical period to another. The information here is about organs from Europe, Great Britain and America.

In a pipe organ, the musical notes are made by blowing air through pipes. Every organ must have pipes, something to blow the air and a way of controlling which pipes are played.

The pipes are made of metal or wood. They are lined up in rows in the "organ case" which can be as big as a room. The metal pipes are round tubes. They can be made of different types of metal, but the most common type is an alloy (or mixture of metals) of tin and lead called "spotted metal" because it has round shiny spots on it. This alloy makes pipes sound good as the harder tin provides clarity and definition while the softer lead produces tonal warmth. Very small pipes can sometimes be made of silver, like flutes. Some organs also have some pipes made of brass that sound like trumpets. Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes. The wooden pipes have four flat sides and make a sound different from that of the "spotted metal" pipes. They are not usually seen; they are neatly lined up behind the large metal pipes at the front of the organ which are sometimes painted with colours and patterns. All the pipes have to be made with an end that tapers at the bottom where the air blows in.

Each pipe can play only one note which depends on its size. The small pipes play high notes and the large pipes play low notes. Each pipe has its own special sound which depends on the material it is made from (whether it is wood or brass or spotted metal) and on the shape of the pipe. The pipes are arranged in "ranks" so that all the pipes of the same shape and material can be controlled to play a tune together, without all the others.

To blow air through the organ, there are boxes called "wind chests". When the organist is playing, he/she can see a little gauge that tells whether there is enough air. The wind chests can be kept full in two ways. The old-fashioned way is to have an enormous set of "bellows" which are pumped up and down by a person using a large handle. This sucks in air and fills the wind chest. Pumping the bellows of a large pipe organ is heavy work. For this reason, most organs nowadays have an electric motor and a large fan which fills the wind chest.

The organist uses keyboards like those on a piano to play the organ. A small organ may have just one keyboard, but many organs have two keyboards and a very big one may even have five. Organists do not call them keyboards; they call them "manuals". An organist will talk about "a four-manual organ" (which means it is a large one). The manuals are arranged on the organ "console", and the organist sits on a bench in front of the console to play. Apart from the manuals there are two other important parts of the console. There are a set of long wooden pedals which the organist can play with his/her feet. Each pedal plays a different note.

On either side of the manuals there are rows of "stops" which look like knobs. The stops can be pulled out or pushed in. When a stop is pulled out, it turns on some sets of pipes. The organist can choose whether to play loud pipes or soft pipes, flute-sounding pipes or brassy pipes, sweet pipes or harsh-sounding pipes. As the organist plays, he/she does not just have to think about the right notes. He/she also has to think about the sort of "voice" that the organ should play in. He/she can play different ranks of pipes together by pulling out several stops. Some pipes, usually the biggest decorated pipes at the very front of the organ, are used only for the grandest music. By tradition, these pipes are the symbol of the "Voice of God".

When the organist presses the keys of the organ, the sound comes from the air blowing through the pipes. This is because a valve (an opening with a one-way door) opens up to let the air into the pipe, and closes again when the organist stops pressing that key. This can happen in several ways. Traditional organs have what is called a "tracker action". The trackers are thin wooden rods and wires which move backwards and forwards, opening and shutting all the valves. They are worked by levers under the keyboard. A tracker action organ has to have the console right near the organ, usually under the big front pipes.

A more modern development was to have a "tubular pneumatic" action, in which the console could be away from the organ, but connected to it by tubes through which air could be pushed to open the valves. In the most modern pipe organs, the manual is connected to the organ pipes by electric wires. The power to open and shut the valves is controlled by electro-magnetic switches. The console does not have to be close to the organ. This makes it possible for the organist to sit in a position where he/she has good contact with the people in the church, or with other musicians.

A very small organ may only have one manual (keyboard). Most organs have at least two. In English and American Organs the lower manual is the main one and is called the "Great". The upper manual is called the "Swell" because it operates pipes which are inside a “swell box” which has shutters that can be opened or closed. This makes the music get louder or quieter (crescendo or diminuendo). The organist operates the swell box with a pedal which pivots (rocks to and fro). It is in the centre just above the pedal board. On old English organs the swell box is operated by a lever at the side. This is quite difficult to use. Most of these have now been replaced by central swell boxes.

If there is a third manual, it is called the "Choir" in English-speaking countries. Originally the English called them “chair organs” because they were a separate instrument. The organist had to turn round and face the other way to play it. It is thought that the word "chair" gradually changed to "choir" because it was often used to accompany the choir. In German organs the third manual was called the “Positiv”. The name “Rückpositiv” (“back positive”) was used because the pipes were behind the organist’s back as he/she sat facing the main organ. These started to become popular again with organ builders in the 1950s when it was felt that the Romantic organ was not suitable for old music, and some organ builders started using Baroque principles again so that the music of composers such as Bach could sound like it used to. The Choir manual is nearest to the player, the Great is in the middle and the Swell is farthest away. The Choir or Positiv often contains soft stops which are suitable for accompanying the choir. On French organs from the late 19th century onwards, the three manuals are arranged differently: the Great (“Grande Orgue”) is nearest to the player, the “Positif” is the middle manual and is like a smaller version of the Great, and the Swell (“Recit”) is the top manual. This makes it easy for the organist to build up the music, getting louder gradually, by starting at the top and gradually coming down.

The fourth manual is called the "Solo" because the stops on this manual are used to play out the tune as a solo. This manual is even farther away from the player than the Swell. Large cathedral organs usually have four manuals. The Solo will probably have a very loud stop indeed called the “Tuba” or “Tuba Mirabilis”.
If there is a fifth manual it may be called the "Echo" because it has very quiet stops that echo. Alternatively, especially on American organs, it might be a "Bombarde". The Bombarde usually contains loud, bold reed stops, including stops called 'Bombarde'. For instance: a State Trumpet or Pontifical Trumpet might be placed on this manual which can be heard above all the other stops playing. The Bombarde is borrowed from French Organs where it is a standard stop on nearly all the manuals and pedals. Having a Bombarde Manual is something of a luxury for an organist. It can be found, for example, on the organ of Westminster Abbey.

It is extremely unusual to have more than five manuals, but in America there are a few very large organs. The Wanamaker organ at Macy's store in Philadelphia has six manuals. The world’s largest organ is in the Atlantic City Convention Hall. It has seven manuals and over 33,000 pipes. However, the largest organ in the world does not work since it would be too expensive to run it.

Having two or three manuals makes it possible to have quick changes of sound during a piece. The player can also play on two manuals at once: one with the left hand and one with the right. This is particularly useful to make a tune louder than the accompaniment (on a piano this can be done by pressing harder). The manuals can also be coupled together, for example, pulling out the “Swell to Great” stop will make all the sounds from the Swell come out on the Great as well. On an organ with mechanical action the keys of the Swell will be seen “playing by themselves” like a pianola, but on some older organs it can be hard work for the organist’s fingers when the manuals are coupled as it makes the action very heavy.

The notes on the pedals are arranged like the notes on a keyboard, but are obviously much bigger. The player needs to learn to play by 'feel', otherwise he will have to spend all his time looking at his feet. He plays each note, either with the toe or the heel and either on the inside of the foot or the outside. The American and British Standard organ contains 30 notes giving a range of nearly 2 octaves (C to F, or sometimes C to G: 32 notes). They are not quite in a straight line but fan out a little to make it easier to play (it is called a "radiating, concave pedalboard"). In German and French organs and organs built before 1920, the pedalboard will be straight without any fan curvature to it. Many organists find that this makes it more difficult to play. Organists need a good pair of shoes: ones which have good narrow heels and preferably pointed toes. The soles need to be fairly slippery, but not too much, so that the player can slide the foot from one pedal to another. Organists usually like to keep a pair of shoes which are worn only for playing the organ so that the soles do not have grit or dirt from the street.
The stops on an organ console give different sounds, like the instruments of an orchestra, and have names which tell the organist what kind of sound they will produce. The stops are usually to the left and right of the organist and they are pulled out (“drawstops” or “pulls” because they are “drawn” i.e. pulled). Some organs have “tab stops” or “rocker stops” which are in front of the player and can be rocked forwards and backwards for on/off.

The stops of an organ can be divided into families.

The "chorus" stops are the foundation stops, the basic ones which are good for building up the big, solid sound. A "diapason" or "principal" is a chorus stop.

The "flute" stops sound like flutes in an orchestra. They are gentler than the diapasons and sound good for very quick and light music.

The "reeds" are stops like the "oboe", "clarinet", "trumpet", "fagotto", "trombone". Each pipe has a reed inside. Their sound is very strong and nasal (like speaking through the nose).

The "strings" are quiet stops which sound like string instruments. These are stops like the "violone" and "gamba".

There is another way of grouping the stops. Each stop will have a number underneath the name. The number may be 16, 8, 4, 2, 1 or even 2 2/3 or 1 3/5. If the number is 8 this is called an “eight foot stop”. This is the normal pitch: the note will sound as it is written, e.g. when playing Middle C the sound will be Middle C. A 4-foot stop will sound an octave higher than written, a 2-foot stop will be two octaves higher. A 16-foot stop will sound an octave lower than an 8-foot stop. 8 foot is therefore the normal pitch, and the others are added to it to make a larger, brighter sound. 16 foot stops are normal in pedal parts.

Mutation stops are stops in which a note does not sound a whole number of octaves above the normal pitch. Examples are the Tierce 1 3/5 (which sounds 2 octaves and a third above) and the Nazard or Twelfth 2 2/3 (one octave and a fifth).

An organist needs to learn which combinations of stops sound good together and how to balance them well. Each organ is different and has its own character.

The combination of stops that an organist chooses for a particular piece of music is called the “registration”. The list of all the stops that a particular organ has is called the “specification”. The specification of an organ shows the names of the stops for each of the manuals and for the pedals, as well as the list of couplers.

Organs also have buttons called “pistons” which help to change the registration in the middle of a piece. There are “toe pistons” operated by the feet, and “thumb pistons” which are placed just below each manual so that they can be pushed by the thumb while the fingers keep playing. Large organs often have “general pistons” which change any combination of stops across the organ. These are often be computerised so that players can set them up differently depending on the music they are going to play. If several players regularly use the instrument they can each have their own personal settings for the pistons which they can lock so that no one else can change them.

Each stop controls a row of pipes, called a “rank”. Each rank makes a different sound (one row for the “diapason” sound, another row for the “flute”, another for the “trumpet” and so on). The stops control the air flow through the ranks. Some stops may control more than one rank. For instance, a Mixture stop of three ranks will have 182 pipes (3 ranks of 61 pipes each) and in some organs the Celeste is a 2 rank stop. The celeste pipes are tuned slightly sharper than the rest of the organ so that, when played together with another quiet stop such as the Salicional, there will be a pleasant throbbing beat because two pipes are slightly out of tune with one another. Organ Pipes are normally made of metal or wood. High quality metal organ pipes usually contain 75 percent tin or more, and the rest is lead. The Pipes are placed on windchests inside an "organ case" in a special room called an Organ chamber. A windchest is a box-like device which contains pallets that are opened and closed to admit air to a pipe so that it sounds. The pallets are operated by pull wires and rollers in the case of a tracker instrument but may also be operated by pneumatics or direct electric action using magnets.

There is always air being pumped into the windchest when the organ is switched on. In the days before electricity someone (an organ blower) had to pump the air into the windchest using bellows. This was hard work. Large organs would have needed more than one organ blower to do this job.

No other instrument has developed in such a wide variety of ways as the organ. If Bach, who lived in the early 18th century, had gone from his home in Germany to France, he would have found it impossible to play his music properly on French organs. If Couperin, who lived at the same time, had gone from his home in France to Germany, he would not have been able to play his music on the organs that Bach was using. Neither of them could possibly have played on an organ in England at the time. For one thing, English organs in the 18th century still had no pedals. This means that organists need to know a lot about what organs were like in other countries in other centuries in order to know what registrations to use when playing music by composers of the past.

The earliest organs were water organs invented in Ancient Greece. The Romans used them in circuses and gladiator combats because they were loud. They were still popular in some countries a few hundred years ago, for example, in pleasure gardens.

In the Middle Ages large organs were built in the huge Gothic cathedrals in Britain. These instruments did not have different stops: all the ranks sounded at once. They were played by a slider mechanism. Only in the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries did they start to use a keyboard. The so-called "Mixture Organ" (or "Blockwerk") still sounded several pitches at once. Very small organs called "portatives" (because they could be carried) were used in processions. "Positives" were a bit bigger and were used to accompany singing in the church. The "Regal" was like a portative but it had reeds and no pipes. It could be put on a table. The world's oldest organ is generally agreed to be the one built at Sion, Switzerland in the 15th century. the organ.

By about 1450, the organs that were being built in Germany and the Netherlands had two or three manuals and pedals. There were stops so that the player could choose which ranks he wanted to sound. The collection of pieces called the "Buxheimer Orgelbuch" (about 1470), is one of the first collections we have of organ music. French organs, too, were developing. In England, organs were quite small. Composers like John Bull, William Byrd and Orlando Gibbons wrote music for chamber organs. In the Netherlands Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck was a very famous organist and teacher.
The Baroque period was a great period for organ music in Germany. Organs there were built on the "Werkprinzip" (literally: "work principle") which meant that each keyboard with its pipes was built separately, like two or three different organs, although they were played from the same console. Organs like these were built by the famous Arp Schnitger (1648-1719). Many famous German composers wrote organ music, especially Johann Pachelbel (1653-1709) in South Germany and (Dietrich Buxtehude) (1637-1707) in North Germany. The great composer Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) learnt from these composers and wrote some of the most famous organ music of all times. The great organ builder Gottfried Silbermann (1683-1753) lived during this time and built organs with a very beautiful tone. Instead of a keyboard called a Choir (or Chair Organ) he built an "Oberwerk" which was above the "Hauptwerk" (Great).

French organ builders at this time were very interested in colour (meaning: different sounds). Many stops had names like Cornet, Tierce and Prestant. When all the stops of the Principal chorus played together it was called the "Plein jeux". This was like the medieval Blockwerk. All the reed chorus together was called "Grand jeux". This would have sounded very loud and was used for dialogues and fugues. Composers included Nicolas de Grigny (1672-1703), Louis Marchand (1669-1732), Louis Nicolas Clérambault (1676-1749), Louis Claude Daquin (1694-1772) and François Couperin (1683-1733).

In England there was not much interest in developing the organ. It was used for accompanying the choir. There were no pedals. Pieces for organ were called voluntaries. Henry Purcell wrote a few organ pieces.

Organ composition reached a great peak in the work of J.S.Bach, but then people started to lose interest. Not many developments took place in organ-building during the Classical music period. Although Mozart played the organ and called it the “King of Instruments” he did not often write music for it. Among the organ builders at this time were Joseph and Claude-Ignace Callinet who built the organ at Notre-Dame's (St. Etienne, Loire) in 1837.
The organ in 19th century Germany started to be used for imitating the sound of an orchestra. People also started to be interested in playing the music of J.S. Bach. Many Classical organs were re-built and sometimes they lost their original character. Organs in different countries started to sound the same.

Gradually, composers started writing for the organ again. Felix Mendelssohn (1809-1847) wrote some excellent sonatas and preludes and fugues which were inspired by Bach’s music and made other composers want to write organ music. Robert Schumann (1810-1856) and Franz Liszt (1811-1886) wrote for the organ and later in the century Max Reger (1873-1916) and Sigfrid Karg-Elert (1877-1933).

In France, the organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811-1899) was a real genius. His organs had lots of new ideas including the Barker lever (which made it easier to play on coupled manuals) and placing families of stops on to separate chests. Organists could change their registrations quickly, pushing in or pulling out the stops that they needed. Composers included César Franck (1822-1890), Charles-Marie Widor (1845-1937) and Louis Vierne (1870-1937). The last two wrote long works in several movements which they called Symphonies because they were full of colourful sounds like those in a symphony orchestra. There were usually three manuals called "Grand", "Positif" and "Récit" placed in that order (with Grand nearest to the player). The Grand had warm foundation stops and big reeds (it was like combining the classical plein jeux and grand jeux). The Positif had string stops as well as a solo reed, and the Récit had lighter reeds.

In England, Samuel Wesley (1766-1837) wrote some important organ music inspired by J.S. Bach, and his son Samuel Sebastian Wesley (1810-1876) was influenced by Continental Romantic composers such as Mendelssohn. In 1851, the organ builder Henry Willis built a large organ for Crystal Palace Exhibition. It had three manuals and a pedal board. This set the standard in English organ building for the future.

During the 20th century organ builders became more and more interested in returning to some of the ideas of the Baroque and Classical periods. Many organs now have electric action, but a good mechanical action has the advantage that the player feels more close to the instrument that he is playing. Some large 20th century organs are able to play many kinds of organ music. Other 20th century organs were built as copies of Baroque or Classical instruments, but this means these instruments are mainly suitable for Baroque or Classical music, and are not well suited for music of the 19th and 20th centuries.

In the 19th century, many organs in England and America were placed in corners of churches where they could not be heard very well. In the 20th century, organ builders thought more about the best position for the organ, so that the sound would fill the main part of the church, the nave.
Among the most famous 20th century organ composers are Marcel Dupré (1886-1971), Jehan Alain (1911-1940) and Olivier Messiaen (1908-1992) in France, Paul Hindemith (1895-1963) in Germany, and Edward Elgar (1857-1934) and Herbert Howells (1892-1983) in England. The Czech composer Petr Eben (1929-2007) was one of the most important organ composers at the end of the 20th century, writing in an individual style.

As well as the obvious use of the organ for accompanying church choirs and congregational singing the organ has often been used to accompany instruments. In the Baroque period small organs were used to accompany solo instruments or small groups of instruments or orchestras. This kind of accompaniment was called continuo. Occasionally composers have written organ concertos in which the organ is the solo instrument and the orchestra accompanies. Handel wrote several of these. In modern times Francis Poulenc wrote an organ concerto. There is an important organ solo in Symphony no 3 by Saint-Saëns. Other orchestral works sometimes have organ parts. Organists have often made organ “transcriptions”, i.e. arranged music written for other instruments so that it can be played on the organ.




Celtic

The words Celt and Celtic can have many meanings. 

Pronounced /kel-(tik)/:


The following should only be pronounced /selt(ik)/:


Manx language

Manx, or Manx Gaelic, (known in Manx as "Gaelg" or "Gailck"), is a language spoken in the Isle of Man.

It is a Celtic language of the Gaelic language family. It is in the same family as Scottish Gaelic and Irish Gaelic.

Manx is spoken mainly by people who learn it through interest. It died out as a natural community language in the 20th century. The last of the old native speakers died in 1974.

Manx is protected under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.

Manx began to separate from Middle Irish in about 900–1600 AD, and it is called Yn Ghaelg / Yn Ghailck by its speakers. There became fewer and fewer speakers during the 19th century, when the language was replaced by English. In 1901, 9% of the people in the Isle of Man were said to speak Manx, but in 1921, the number had dropped to only 1%.

Today, Manx is used as the only language taught at five of the Isle of Man’s preschools. Manx is taught as a second language at all of the Isle of Man's primary and secondary schools.

There is now a school that teaches all of its lessons in Manx. The census of 2001 said that 2.2% of the population of the island could speak the language. There are currently 54,000 second-language speakers, mainly on the Isle of Man.

Goidelic languages

The Goidelic languages or Gaelic languages are a group of Celtic languages. They are spoken in Scotland, Ireland and the Isle of Man.

There are three Goidelic languages:


Manx cat

The Manx is a breed of domestic cat. It either has no tail at all, a "rumpy", or it has a very short tail, a "stumpy". This is because of a natural difference in spine length. The back legs are also longer than the front legs. The breed comes from the Isle of Man, where it was found as early as three hundred years ago.

The Manx's character is nervous. The Manx's appearance is round on the whole. They are skilled hunters.

Horn

Horn can mean several things:



Agave

Agave is a type of succulent plant from Mexico and the southwestern parts of the United States. They have thick, sharp leaves. Agave plants flower only once, produce seeds and then die. Before flowering they usually live for 10 to 25 years. Because they live for a long time they are sometimes called "century plants".

Agave is used to make things like tequila, agave syrup and pulque. They were an important food for many indigenous people in the southwestern United States, such as the Navajo and the Hokoham.

Apple sauce

Apple sauce (or applesauce) is a sauce made from stewed and mashed apples. Peeled or unpeeled apples can be used and different spices or additives like cinnamon can be used. 

Sugar or high fructose corn syrup is often added to the applesauce to sweeten it. Applesauce can be fine or coarse textured, and can include large pieces of apple. It is easy to make at home, and it is also sold ready-made in supermarkets. 

It is a common food or snack for children and people who have problems eating solid food. Parents often feed it to their babies because teeth are not needed to eat it.

In the United Kingdom, apple sauce is normally used as a sauce for ham, pork, and gammon.

Apple sauce was once a food prepared for winter, since it keeps well.

Apple sauce can be used in baking as a substitute for fat (such as butter or oil) or eggs.

Charles Richter

Charles Francis Richter (April 26, 1900 – September 30, 1985) was an American seismologist (someone who studies earthquakes) and a physicist. He is known for creating the Richter scale of magnitude, which says how big an earthquake is.

Richter went to work at the Carnegie Institute in 1927 after Robert Millikan offered him a position as a research assistant there, where he began a collaboration with Beno Gutenberg. The Seismology Lab at the California Institute of Technology wanted to begin publishing regular reports on earthquakes in southern California and had a pressing need for a system of measuring the strength of earthquakes for these reports. Together, Richter and Gutenberg devised the scale that would become known at the Richter scale to fill this need, based on measuring quantitatively the displacement of the earth by seismic waves, as Kiyoo Wadati had suggested.


1104

1104 was a leap year.


Charles II of England

Charles II (29 May 1630 – 6 February 1685) was king of England, Ireland, and Scotland from 1649 to 1685. His father was Charles I, who was executed after losing a war with Parliament.

Prince Charles was the king's eldest son. As a little boy, he was made Prince of Wales as a sign that he would one day be king.

By the time he grew into a young man, his father was already at war with Parliament in the English Civil War.

Prince Charles did not take much part in the fighting. His mother, Henrietta Maria, was French, and she took her children to France when the war broke out, to keep them safe.

Prince Charles was only eighteen when he heard that his father was dead.

This made him King, and he started calling himself King Charles II immediately. However, Parliament was still in control of Britain and would not let him take his throne because after Charles I's execution, Oliver Cromwell became the Lord Protector of Britain from 1653 to 1658.

In 1651, Charles II returned to Britain and fought Parliament at the Battle of Worcester.

He was defeated, but is supposed to have escaped by hiding in an oak tree.

Later, he was forced to disguise himself as a servant. A young lady called Jane Lane helped him to escape, and he sailed to the Netherlands to re-join his supporters. He kept his own royal court there until 1660.

While Charles was in Holland, Britain was being ruled by Oliver Cromwell. He was chosen as leader of the country by Parliament. When Cromwell died in 1658, his son Richard was chosen to be the next leader.

Richard Cromwell was not the man his father had been. Charles II was asked to come back and rule Britain. In 1660, Charles II was brought back to Britain and took his throne. This was the English Restoration.

Many of his enemies were punished for having executed his father and fought against him, but Richard Cromwell was allowed to go and live quietly away from London.

Charles was popular and was called "The Merry Monarch" because he changed many laws that Cromwell had made and allowed people more freedom to enjoy themselves.

He liked to go to the theatre, play cards, and enjoy sports such as horse racing.

Some people thought that a king should be more serious and not spend so much time and money on fun.

There were also some people who did not like King Charles II because of his religious beliefs. He had been brought up by his mother, who was Roman Catholic, while most people in the country were Protestant.

He married a princess from Portugal, Catherine of Braganza. They did not have any children, but Charles refused to divorce Catherine. Before he was married, he had several girlfriends and lovers, and even after he was married, he went on having lovers, who were called mistresses.

The most famous was an actress called Nell Gwyn. Several of Charles's lovers had babies. However, none of these children were allowed to follow Charles as king because they were bastards, meaning that they had been born to parents who were not married to each other.

The most popular of Charles II's children was James Scott. Charles gave him the title Duke of Monmouth. James's mother had been Charles's girlfriend when he was living in Holland, and some people said that they had been secretly married. If this had been true, then James would have been allowed to be king when Charles died. There were many who wanted this to happen, because they did not like the thought of Charles's younger brother being the next king. This brother, who was also called James, was a Roman Catholic and was not popular.

Charles II died quite suddenly of an illness, and his son James, Duke of Monmouth, started a rebellion in the hope of becoming the next king. He was defeated by the royal army, which supported Charles's brother James. The Duke of Monmouth was executed by having his head chopped off, and Charles's brother became the next ruler, King James II.

By Marguerite or Margaret de Carteret
By Lucy Walter (c.1630–1658)
By Elizabeth Killigrew (1622–1680), daughter of Sir Robert Killigrew, married Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon in 1660
By Catherine Pegge
By Barbara Villiers Palmer (1641–1709), wife of Roger Palmer, 1st Earl of Castlemaine created Duchess of Cleveland in her own right
became 2nd Duke of Cleveland (1709)
later Duke of Marlborough, who was another of Cleveland's many lovers, and was never acknowledged by Charles as his own daughter. 

By Nell Gwyn (1650–1687)
By Louise Renée de Penancoet de Kérouaille (1649–1734), created Duchess of Portsmouth in her own right (1673)

Other probable mistresses:


Crunk

Crunk is a sub-genre of hip hop music that started in the clubs of Memphis, Tennessee in the mid-1990s. The word 'crunk' is the past tense version of the word 'crank' as in "crank the music up". It can also be used as an adjective. It is a mixture of Miami bass, Southern rap, and electronica with a lot of yelling and chanting. Lil Jon is the most popular crunk artist. His song 'Get Low' with the Ying Yang Twins is the song that made crunk music mainstream. After this song came out, crunk became a really popular style of music and it saw it's heyday in the mid-2000s. It was replaced with trap music in the 2010s.


Pimp

A pimp is a person who makes money from other people prostituting themselves. Usually, the prostitutes make money for themselves, but the pimp takes a percentage of the money in exchange for providing them with security and other services. Pimps has gotten connected to a special look, often a male with fancy and colorful clothes with gold accessories.

Pimps has been portrayed in many movies, such as Taxi Driver where the pimp is called "sport"

Allan Kardec

Allan Kardec (Hippolyte Léon Denizard Rivail 3 October 1804 31 March 1869) was a French philosopher and teacher. 
He dedicated the last 15 years of his life to organise a philosophical doctrine called Spiritism. He spread the educational ideas of Pestalozzi in the 19th century. He published books on grammar, mathematics and suggestions for the improvement of public education in France. He was a teacher of physiology, astronomy, physics and chemistry. The classes were at his home in Paris.

In 1854, Kardec started studying phenomena which some people call "paranormal" or "supernatural". This were quite common at that time.

In his philosophy the spiritual manifestations were useful to the social and moral improvement of men.


Hyves

Hyves is a website where people can have contact with friends online. It can be used to make new friends or to stay in touch with old friends. It was started in 2004 and has over 9 million users; most of them are Dutch. That is the reason why it is very popular in the Netherlands.
Pictures and videos can be put and shared on it. Hyves is similar to Facebook or the German VZ Networks.


Sex organ

The sex organs, which scientists call the genitalia or genitals, are the parts of the body that allow sexual reproduction (the making of young) to take place. They are also for urination (peeing), to remove waste products from the body. While all animals have sex organs, this article is about the sex organs of human beings.

The genitals are the main parts of the human body that make men and women different. Some parts of the genitals are outside the body, while other parts are inside. In a man, his external genitals are the penis and the scrotum (a bag that contains the testicles). Inside his body the testicles produce sperm and a substance called testosterone which makes a person grow into a man and feel like a man. Other glands produce a fluid called semen. The part of a woman's genitals that is outside her body is called the vulva. Inside her body is the vagina, which holds the penis during sexual intercourse; the uterus (womb), in which a baby grows when the woman is pregnant; the ovaries, which produce ova (egg cells) and a substance called estrogen which makes a person grow into a woman and to feel like a woman; and the Fallopian tubes, which connect the ovaries to the uterus.

Many human societies believe that genitals should be hidden. For this reason, people call them private parts. This attitude has resulted in public indecency laws which make it a crime for genitals to be left uncovered in public except in special places called nudist colonies.

If a man and a woman want to reproduce sexually, they have to engage in sexual intercourse. This involves placing the man's erect penis into the woman's vagina. The vagina rubs and puts pressure on the penis, which makes the man have an orgasm. During his orgasm, the man ejaculates, and his semen flows into the woman. If a sperm in the semen reaches the woman's Fallopian tubes and fuses with an ovum, this causes the woman to become pregnant. A man and woman can also have sexual intercourse for pleasure, without wishing to have a baby. Men and women, and gay couples (two women or two men) can also use their sex organs in other ways for pleasure.

The sex organs are the parts of the body that allow sexual reproduction (the making of young) to take place. They are also for urination (peeing), to remove waste products from the body. All animals have some kind of sex organs. This article is about the sex organs of human beings. In humans, the sex organs are in the lower abdomen, at the part of the body where the legs join the torso.

The scientific name for the sex organs is "genitalia" or "genitals". They are also commonly called the reproductive organs. The genitals include both organs that can be seen on the outside of the body (the primary genitalia or external genitalia), as well as internal organs (the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia). Sometimes, however, the words "genitalia" or "genitals" are used to refer only to the external sex organs. The sex organs are informally referred to as the private parts or privates.

Males and females have different sex organs. In fact, the genitals are the main parts of the human body that make men and women different.

A man's genitals are made up of many parts. The parts that can be seen on the outside of a man's body are his penis, which is shaped like a banana or a sausage; and his scrotum, which is a bag that hangs beneath the penis and contains the two testicles. A man's penis may be circumcised. A common slang, and slightly mean, word for the parts that can be seen outside the male body is "junk". For example, if a boy is naked, his sister might say, "Can't you wear a towel? Nobody wants to see your junk."

Inside a man's body, the testicles make tiny cells called sperm, which are needed for sexual reproduction. The testicles also make a hormone called testosterone. This is a chemical that makes a person grow into a man and feel like a man. The testicles are glands, which are special parts of the body that make chemicals. Other glands that make up the genitals are the prostate, seminal vesicles, and bulbourethral glands (also called the Cowper's glands). Together, these glands make a white, sticky fluid called semen that sperm float in. Finally, a man's body contains ducts (tubes) such as the two vasa deferentia or ducta deferentia, which carry sperm out of the testicles; and the urethra, which carries semen through the penis and out of the body. The urethra also carries urine away from the bladder.
In reproduction the job of the penis is to carry sperm from the testicles into a woman's body so that a sperm cell can join together with the woman's ovum (egg cell) to form a new cell that will grow into a baby. The process of fusion of a sperm and an ovum is called fertilization. 

A man's penis is usually soft, quite short, and hangs down. When a man becomes aroused (sexually excited), the inside of his penis fills with blood. This causes the penis to become bigger, thicker, and harder and to stand upright and is called having an erection. When a man has an erection, he is able to have sexual intercourse by putting his penis into a woman's vagina. During an erection, a valve stops urine from entering the urethra so that only semen flows along it. This is why it is very difficult for a man to urinate when he is having an erection.

Young boys can have erections, but their bodies do not start producing sperm until they have reached puberty. This usually happens when they are in their teens.

The part of a woman's genitals that is on the outside of her body is called the vulva. The main parts of the vulva are two sets of fleshy "lips" called the labia. The outer labia can be seen at the front of the woman's body. On adult women, they are generally covered with some hair. Between the outer labia are the inner labia which do not have hair and are very sensitive. At the front of the inner labia is the outside part of the clitoris which is covered by the clitoral hood. During sexual intercourse, the clitoris gives feelings of pleasure to the woman.

Most of a woman's genitals are tucked inside her body. Behind the labia is a tube called the vagina, which cannot be seen on the outside of the body. (People often incorrectly use the word "vagina" to refer to the vulva.) When a man and a woman have sexual intercourse, the man's penis is placed into the woman's vagina. When a woman menstruates (has her menstrual period), blood and other fluid from the uterus pass out from her body through the vagina. If a woman uses a tampon (a specially-made wad of material) to absorb this fluid, she puts it into her vagina. The vagina is also called the birth canal because when a pregnant woman has a baby, it passes through the vagina.

Like a man, a woman has a tube called the urethra connecting the bladder to the vulva through which urine is removed from the body. The opening of the urethra is between the clitoris and the opening to the vagina.

In many women, the opening of the vagina is partly or completely blocked by a thin tissue called the hymen. Some women are born without a hymen. The hymen usually breaks when a woman has sexual intercourse for the first time, which may cause or not some bleeding depending particularly on each woman. In some cultures, a broken hymen is taken as a sign that a girl has had sex. However, a broken hymen is not a clear sign of sexual intercourse because other activities such as exercise can also cause the hymen to break. In some women, the hymen may remain unbroken even after sex.

At the top of the vagina is the cervix which is a ring of muscle separating the vagina from the uterus or womb. The cervix allows menstrual fluid to flow from the uterus into the vagina, and during sexual intercourse it allows semen from a man's penis to flow from the vagina into the uterus. The uterus is a very muscular and stretchy organ in which babies grow during pregnancy. When a woman is not pregnant, each month the lining of the uterus grows thicker, and then breaks down, causing her to menstruate. Connected to the top of the uterus are two Fallopian tubes, on the left and right. These tubes join the uterus to the two ovaries. The ovaries produce ova, or egg cells, that are needed for reproduction. Each month, an ovum travels from one of the ovaries into a Fallopian tube. If, after the woman has had sexual intercourse with a man, the ovum fuses with a sperm cell and implants in the wall of the uterus, the woman will become pregnant. The ovaries also produce the female hormone oestrogen which causes a person to grow into a woman and to feel like a woman.

Young girls do not start producing ova and menstruating until they have reached puberty. Like boys, this usually happens in their teens. Once a woman starts menstruating, she is capable of becoming pregnant. Males begin producing sperm a good deal before women begin releasing eggs.

The sex organs or genitals are used for sexual reproduction and for sexual intercourse. For sexual reproduction to happen, a man and a woman need to have sexual intercourse with each other. A man's penis becomes erect when he is aroused, for example when he sees a naked woman or is touched by her. When a woman is aroused, her clitoris and vulva also swell, and the inside of her vagina produces mucus, a substance that makes it slippery. To reproduce, the man places his penis inside the woman's vagina and moves it in and out (a movement called thrusting), while the woman moves her hips back and forth or in a circular motion. The friction caused by this movement, together with the warmth and pressure of the vagina, causes the man to have pleasurable feelings in the penis. As intercourse continues, these feelings grow stronger and stronger until the man reaches a sexual climax called an orgasm. At this point, the man's penis spasms and then contracts strongly again and again to push semen through the urethra. The semen then ejaculates or shoots out from the end of the penis into the woman's vagina. The woman may also have an orgasm, which causes the vagina to tense up and relax repeatedly. Scientists are not sure why women have orgasms. Some believe that the orgasm helps the sperm in the man's semen to swim up the vagina into the cervix so that it is more likely that a sperm cell will fuse with an egg cell. Others think that the female orgasm causes the vagina to grip the penis more tightly, which makes sex more exciting for the man and causes him to ejaculate more quickly or to produce more semen; or that it encourages a woman to have sex more often as it feels good. Both of these events would make pregnancy more likely to happen. After the man has ejaculated, the blood flows out of his penis and it becomes smaller and soft again.

Sometimes, a man and a woman may have sexual intercourse because it gives them pleasure, without wishing for the woman to become pregnant. They may try to stop fertilization from happening by using methods of contraception or birth control. Common methods of birth control include the man wearing a condom on his penis, and the woman taking birth control pills that stop her ovaries from releasing egg cells.

Apart from the man putting his penis into the woman's vagina, the sex organs can be used in other ways in sexual intercourse. The man and woman can rub each other's sex organs with their hands. They can use sex toys such as dildos or vibrators. They can also engage in oral sex. When a person uses his or her mouth, lips, and tongue to touch a woman's clitoris and vulva, this is called cunnilingus. When a person uses his or her mouth, lips, and/or tongue to touch a man's penis, this is called fellatio. A man or a woman (using a strap-on dildo or harness) can also put the sexual organ into a person's anus, this is called anal sex.

People who are gay or homosexual also use their genitals to have sexual intercourse with each other. Two women can rub each other's sex organs, put sex toys into them, or perform oral sex on each other. Two men can also rub each other's sex organs, or perform oral or anal sex on each other.

When a man strokes his own penis or a woman rubs her clitoris and vulva in order to feel good or to reach orgasm, this is called masturbation.

The sex organs are also used for urination, which is one of the ways in which the body removes waste products. Both men and women have a bladder, which is an organ that stores urine. In a man, a thin tube called the urethra passes from his bladder right through his penis. In a woman, the urethra opens into the vulva. When a person urinates, urine flows from the bladder through the urethra and out of the body.


Laurence Olivier

Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier, (22 May 1907 – 11 July 1989) was an English actor and director. He was one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century. He was the youngest actor to be knighted and the first to be raised to the peerage. Olivier married English actresses Jill Esmond, Vivien Leigh and Joan Plowright.

Actor Spencer Tracy said that Olivier was 'the greatest actor in the English-speaking world'. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Olivier among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, at number 14 on the list.

Olivier had many awards: twelve Oscar nominations, with two wins (for Best Actor and Best Picture for the 1948 film "Hamlet"), plus two honorary awards including a statuette and certificate. He was awarded five Emmy Awards. He was a three-time Golden Globe and BAFTA winner. In 1976 he received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award.

Olivier's ashes are buried in Westminster Abbey.

Spiritism

Spiritism is a doctrine promoted by the French professor Allan Kardec. His first two books were:

Other characteristics ideas of his were:

Although Kardec claimed it was distinct, spiritism is similar to spiritualism. Kardec's books were based on reporting séances in which he claimed to observe phenomena which he attributed to incorporeal intelligence (spirits). Arthur Conan Doyle included a chapter about Spiritism in his book "History of Spiritualism". This said that Spiritism is Spiritualist (but not vice-versa). As a consequence, many Spiritualist works are widely accepted in Spiritism, particularly the works of scientists Sir William Crookes and Oliver Lodge.


Alexa

Alexa was an Internet service that measures how many Internet users visit a website. At Alexa.com, people entered a website address and Alexa showed them how well-visited the website is. It can also tell them how its popularity has changed over time.
Alexa had 6 million unique visits monthly.

Alexa was created in 1996 by American businessman Brewster Kahle and Bruce Gilliat.
In 1999, Alexa was bought by Amazon.com for about US$250 million in Amazon stock.
Alexa provided a free API that is used by services and toolbars all around the world to easily display Alexa Rating.

Some virus companies mark Alexa toolbar as adware (McAfee), trackware (Symantec) and potentially unwanted Program.

At December 2021 Amazon announced that they will turn Alexa off. Service was discontinued May 1 of 2022.


Poodle

A poodle is a breed of dog. Poodles are one of the smartest dogs. Miniature and toy poodles are two sizes. The original poodle is the Standard poodle. Miniature and toy poodles are not related to Standard poodles. They do not share DNA. If the owner does praise it, it will start liking the owner even more, and doing things for the owner. Many people that own them show them at dog shows. Poodles were once used as hunting and sporting dogs, but now they are mostly pets. Poodles do not shed their fur as some dogs do, so they are good pets for people who are allergic to dogs. Their coats are most often white or black; but can be apricot, dark gray, called "blue"; and other colors. There are also some rare colors, such as chocolate brown, and brindle. In Japan, apricot color is the most liked.

Poodles are bred in many different sizes. The four main sizes from largest to smallest are Standard, Miniature, Medium and Toy. There are also other sizes, like the very small Teacup, that are not official. This means that these other sizes cannot be part of professional dog shows.


Poodles have been used as working dogs in the military for several centuries. During World War II, it was thought that this breed of dog could become helpers during the war. So, poodles went through training by the United States Army for special tasks. In 1942, the poodle was one of 32 breeds officially ranked as war dogs by the Army.

It is the poodles main style to left hair of the chest and ankles in order to protect heart and joints from cold waters and cut others in order to reduce the resistance of the water. Now, poodles hair styles have more variations. In Japan, the "teddy bear cut" is most popular. This style lets the whole body have roundness like a teddy bear.

Irish language

Irish, "Irish Gaelic" or "Gaelic" is a language spoken in Ireland and (less commonly) in Northern Ireland. Irish is a Gaelic and so it is similar to Scottish Gaelic and Manx Gaelic and less so to Breton, Cornish, and Welsh.

Many people who speak Irish can understand some Scots Gaelic but not Welsh because the Celtic languages are divided into two groups. One group is called the p-Celtic languages, and the other is called the q-Celtic languages. Irish and Scots Gaelic are q-Celtic languages, and Welsh is a p-Celtic language.

Irish has no "yes" or "no" words.

There were great poets who wrote in Irish. Their poems became the songs of the people. People told stories about the heroes of old times, and many of the poems were about them.

Queen Elizabeth I of England tried to learn Irish, and Christopher Nugent, 9th Baron of Delvin, gave her an Irish primer. She also asked her bishops to translate the Bible into Irish in an unsuccessful attempt to split the Catholic people from their clergy.

Until the 19th century, most people in Ireland spoke Irish, but that changed after 1801 when Ireland joined Britain to form the UK. Ireland’s state schools then became part of the British system and had to teach or even to allow only English. The Catholic Church also began to discourage Irish. Also, the Irish Nationalist leader Daniel O'Connell was an Irish-speaker himself, but he thought that people should speak English since most job opportunities were in the English-speaking US and the wider British Empire.

Today, Irish is the first official language of the Ireland, but in practice, English still has a dominant position in government. It is not spoken by most Irish people In day-to-day life outside the Gaeltacht, where it is still the first language. Howewer, many speak the language among friends or family, and it must be taught in all schools in Ireland.

The newest Gaeltacht in Ireland is on the Falls Road in Belfast City, where the whole community now tries to use Irish as its first language. The area is called the Gaeltacht Quarter.

There are around 2 million speakers. The places where Irish is spoken a lot are called Gaeltacht areas or in Irish, "Gaeltachtaí". Around 70% of the people in these areas speak Irish.

Irish

Irish could mean:


Max &amp; Ruby

Max and Ruby is a Canadian preschool children’s animated television series created by Rosemary Wells. The series originally aired on Nick Jr. on Nickelodeon in the United States, It is aimed at preschool children. The series was created by children's book author / illustrator Rosemary Wells. It is based on the fictional world of her "Max and Ruby" books. The series shows stories about four year old Max, an anthropomorphised child bunny, and his big sister, seven year old Ruby, a patient young lady. The show has a good message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and using respect and love in solving their problems.


Max gets into trouble in almost every episode, but Ruby gives him a helping hand.

The show premiered on Treehouse TV on May 3, 2002 in Canada. The show also airs on Nickelodeon worldwide on 2003. The show also featured a British dub to Nick Jr. DSN premiered this show on December 4, 2009 without any copyright to Dante Channels Worldwide. After in 2016, Atomic Cartoons took the season 6 and 7, Nelvana still holds the show, Season 7 premiered also on 2018 with the New Nelvana logo.


1716

1716 was a leap year.


400

Year 400 (CD) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Stilicho and Aurelianus (or, less frequently, year 1153 "Ab urbe condita"). The denomination 400 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.


Apollo program

The Apollo program (or Project Apollo) was a project by the United States' National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The program was named after the Greek god Apollo. The goal was to send a human to explore the Moon and bring him home to earth safely. It was started by US President John F. Kennedy in 1961. He said:
One reason the program started was that the Soviet Union was the first country to send a person into outer space. Since this was during the Cold War, many in the US thought that the US needed to stay ahead of the USSR in space exploration.

The Apollo spacecraft was made up of a Command and Service Module, and a Lunar Module. The Command Module was a space capsule. The Lunar Module was a lander. These spacecraft docked on the way to the Moon. Mercury and Gemini spaceships were very small and cramped, but the Apollo capsule was much bigger. Astronauts could move around and not have to stay in their seats. The Lunar Lander was also big on the inside. The only part of the Apollo spacecraft to come back to Earth was the capsule, the Lunar Module would crash on the moon.

The Apollo program ended in 1975. After that, NASA began to work on the Space Shuttle program, the International Space Station, and many unmanned space exploration projects.

There was a movie made about the problems that happened on the Apollo 13 mission.

In September 1967, Owen Maynard of the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, Texas proposed a series of Apollo missions that would lead to landing a person on the Moon. There were seven types of mission, each testing a specific set of parts and tasks. Each step would need to be completed successfully before the next mission type could begin. These were:


The first manned Lunar Module, LM-3, was not ready for the December 1968 launch date of Apollo 8. The mission flew as a lunar orbital mission, using just the CSM. The E mission was canceled.

The first landing would be followed by more advanced lunar missions:

The Apollo flights were carried into space by the Saturn I and V rockets.


NASA

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is an independent agency of the United States Federal Government that deals with space exploration and aeronautics, the operating and designing of planes. NASA has had many successful missions, for example the ISS, and Apollo 11, which put the first man on the Moon in 1969. NASA was founded on July 29, 1958. NASA's motto is: "For the Benefit of All". Since April of 2021, Bill Nelson, former Senator from Florida, has served as NASA Administrator.

NASA was preceded by the "National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics" (NACA). NACA was a US federal agency founded on March 3, 1915 to undertake, promote, and institutionalize aeronautical research. On October 1, 1958 the agency was dissolved, and its assets and personnel transferred to the newly created National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). NASA was founded to compete with the Soviet Union in the space race. In the 1950s and 1960s there was a space race between the US and the Soviet Union - now called Russia. The Soviets started first launching Sputnik 1, the first object made by people to go into orbit, in October 1957. The Americans were worried by this. It caused a crisis known as the Sputnik Crisis as the Americans feared the Russians might start building weapons in space. This all happened at a time called the Cold War when the US and the Soviet Union were always very close to war.

Originally NASA was very small with only four laboratories and around eighty people working there. German engineers and scientists led by Wernher von Braun helped them build rockets. They had helped build the V-2 missile in Germany during World War II and the Redstone missile for the US Army afterwards. Their Army missile laboratory was transferred to NASA.

In 1960 they set up the Mercury project. The Mercury Project space missions were designed by NASA, mostly to test if humans could survive in space. After they proved it was possible for people to live in space they moved on.

On May 15th 1961 astronaut Alan Shepard became the first American in space. Less than a year later, John Glenn became the first American to orbit or circle the Earth. He did so in a spacecraft called Friendship 7. Once the Mercury Project proved that humans could live in space, the Gemini Project was started. Less than a year after it began, the Apollo Program also began.

After the success of Mercury, NASA realized it had to start planning for its missions to the Moon. The Gemini spacecraft was built for two men. It was still small and cramped similar to the Mercury capsule, but allowed for more freedom of movement. Project Gemini proved that two spacecraft could rendezvous (meet and dock) in space. Neil Armstrong, the first man on the Moon, was also on the first Gemini flight to dock with another spacecraft in outer space. The Gemini spacecraft did not dock with another spacecraft with people in it. Instead, it docked with a rocket called "Agena target vehicle". The last few Gemini missions were science experiments and spacewalks designed to prepare for the Apollo Program, which would land human beings on the Moon.

The Apollo program was started by President John F Kennedy in the 1960s. The program was made of 16 missions designed to send a man to the Moon and return him safely back to Earth. The first Apollo mission, Apollo 1, ended in disaster when a fire in the command module killed all the astronauts on board. The Apollo 8 and 10 missions went to the moon. They tested equipment and took photos but did not land.

The project's main success came in 1969 when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon as part of Apollo 11. The mission was a big success for NASA and over six million people watched it worldwide. After Apollo 11, six more Apollo flights went to the moon. Five of them landed. The one that did not land, Apollo 13, had to abort its mission when an oxygen tank exploded in the spaceship. Apollo 17 was the last mission to land on the Moon.

After Congress stopped the Moon landings, NASA needed a new direction. Using a leftover Saturn V rocket, the giant rocket that sent men to the Moon, they created a space station that orbited above the Earth. This space station was called Skylab. Skylab was very big on the inside, even bigger than a small house. Skylab was visited by Apollo spacecrafts. There were three missions to Skylab. Each of them carried important experiments. The last crewed mission, Skylab 4, spent 84 days, 1 hour, 15 minutes, 30 seconds, longer than any space mission had spent until 1977. Skylab broke up in the atmosphere in 1979.

During the Space Race, the Soviets had designed their own spacecraft to fly to the Moon. Their spacecraft was called Soyuz. The Soviets never landed on the Moon, they had too many problems. Instead, they started creating small space stations. The Soyuz spacecraft is what they used to go to these space stations. US and Soviet Union were part of the Cold War. In order to make peace between Soviet Union and US, they decided they would dock an Apollo spacecraft to a Soyuz spacecraft in space. After docking, the crews performed experiments and learned about each other's cultures. Apollo–Soyuz was the last flight of the Apollo spacecraft. It has never been used since, and as of 2020, there are no plans for it to be used again.

In the 1980s and 1990s NASA began to concentrate on building Space Shuttles. Four Shuttles were built in 1985. The first to launch was the Space Shuttle Columbia on April 12, 1981. At this time the public began to lose interest in the space program and NASA faced budget cuts. They had planned for the Space Shuttles to cost less as they could be used more than once. But eventually it turned out the Space Shuttles were more expensive as building them in the first place cost more money than normal. There were further problems for NASA after the Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrated in flight in 1986, killing all seven of its astronauts. The incident is known as the Challenger Disaster.

The Challenger Disaster forced NASA to think about the way they worked. The entire Space Shuttle fleet was suspended for a year. After that, NASA launched the Hubble Space Telescope into orbit. Its most famous photo was the Hubble Deep Field.

In 2011, NASA shut down the Space Shuttle program. They were more expensive to use than other launch vehicles.

In the early 1980s, NASA planned Space Station Freedom as a counterpart to the Soviet Salyut and Mir space stations. It never left the drawing board and, with the end of the Soviet Union and the Cold War, it was cancelled. The end of the Space Race prompted the U.S. administration officials to start negotiations with international partners Europe, Russia, Japan and Canada in the early 1990s in order to build the International Space Station. This project was first announced in 1993 and was called Space Station Alpha. It was planned to combine the proposed space stations of all participating space agencies: NASA's Space Station Freedom, Russia's Mir-2 (the successor to the Mir Space Station, the core of which is now Zvezda) and ESA's Columbus that was planned to be a stand-alone spacelab.

"Curiosity" is a car-sized rover. It was made to explore the crater Gale on Mars. "Curiosity" was launched from Cape Canaveral on November 26, 2011, at 15:02 UTC and landed on Aeolis Palus inside Gale on Mars on August 6, 2012, 05:17 UTC. The Bradbury Landing site was less than from where the rover landed after a journey. The goals of the rover include an investigation of the Martian climate and geology.

Artemis 1 was a flight that landed in December 2022.

Peregrine Mission One was launched in January 2024.


In early 2010, President Barack Obama cancelled the Constellation project that was aiming to have humans return to the moon's surface by 2020. He said the project was "behind schedule and lacking in innovation". At the same time he cut back the amount of money NASA will be getting from the government in 2011.

When President Barack Obama did this, he also worked with NASA to create the Space Launch System. This, with commercial launch vehicles (launch vehicles that are not owned by NASA), will take humans to the Moon, Mars and Ceres.
In 2069, NASA plans to send a space probe to Alpha Centauri, the closest star system to the Sun. The proposed launch would be on the 100th anniversary of the first Moon landing, Apollo 11.

NASA is continuing operations include missions to the planets Mars, Saturn and Pluto. Missions to Jupiter are also planned for the future.

NASA has launched over 500 missions. Over 150 missions had humans on board. Such "manned" missions are the most expensive and make the most news but the majority of launches are for space exploration, science, and other purposes that do not need people. NASA spacecraft such as Cassini-Huygens and the Voyager program have visited every planet in the Solar System. Four NASA spacecraft have left the Solar System, Voyager 1, Voyager 2, Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11, while the fifth, a New Horizons spacecraft is estimated to exit the solar system by 2048. As of 2022 Voyager 1 is 23,447,000,000 (23.4 billion) kilometers away from Earth and Voyager 2 was at a distance 19,474,000,000 (19.4 billion) kilometres away from Earth.

The New Horizons spacecraft flew past Jupiter in February 2007, studying some of the planet's moons. On July 14, 2015 the craft flew by Pluto, took high resolution pictures of the planet's surface and analysed the chemical properties of its atmosphere.

Like other scientific organizations, NASA conducts most of its measurements in the international system (metric system). This is partially due to federal law requiring that most US government programs be done in the international system. In the 1980s, NASA transitioned to the metric system, but was still using US customary \ imperial units into the 1990s. In September 1999, a mixup (or mistake) between imperial and metric units resulted in the loss of the Mars Climate Orbiter.



Advaita Vedanta

Advaita Vedanta is a school in Hinduism. People who thoroughly explore Advaita know that their soul is not different from Brahman. The most famous Hindu philosopher who taught about Advaita Vedanta was Adi Shankara who lived in India more than a thousand years ago.

Adi Shankara learned the sacred texts of Hinduism, like Vedas and Upanishads under his teacher Govinda Bhagavadpada and later wrote extensive commentaries of Hindu sacred texts called Upanishads. In these commentaries, he proposed the theory of Advaita, saying that the Upanishad actually teach that the individual soul (called Atman) is not different from Ultimate Reality (called Brahman). He also taught that there is only one essential principle called Brahman and everything else is a kind of expression of that one Brahman. Because of this theory of one being, his teachings became popular as the "Advaita" ("a" = not, "dvaita" = two, means no-two or non-dual). The way he said this to people was ""Atman is Brahman.""

Adi Shankara was smart and knew that people would wonder how he could say such an odd thing. He realized that many people would ask him, "If a person's soul is really one with Ultimate all along, then what makes a person feel so separate from Ultimate?" His answer to this was that we are ignorant of our real self being Ultimate because we see through a kind of filter—like looking through a dirty piece of glass—and he called this filter we look through, "maya", which means "illusion" in Sanskrit. 

Shankara said that our ignorance makes us feel very separate from Ultimate, and even from everything around us. Shankara suggested that the best way people can find the truth is for them to try to clear their thinking of all ignorant thoughts, be very good, and think very hard about who they really are. He said that if a person did all these things he would realize that Brahman was himself all along.

This is a very similar idea to other religions at their esoteric core. For instance within Islam there is an idea of annihilation within the divine, and (Unity of Existence)


Parthenon

The Parthenon is a temple in the middle of the Acropolis in Athens, Greece (Europe). It was a temple to honor the goddess Athena for nearly 900 years from the 5th century BC to the 5th century AD, and originally had a huge idol to her. It was a Christian church from the 5th century to the 15th when it became a mosque. The name "Parthenon" means "the virgin's place" in Greek. It was built between 447 BC and 432 BC during the reign of Pericles. It is considered one of ancient Greece's greatest architecture accomplishments. 

The building was constructed using limestone foundations and 22,000 tons of marble. The building was designed by the architects Ictinus and Callicrates. It has 46 Doric columns which support the roof, with 8 across the front and back, and 17 on each side. 

In 1687 a gunpowder explosion damaged the building. Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin took some of the sculptures, now called the Elgin Marbles, from the Parthenon in 1759. They have been on display in the British Museum since 1816.

Neutral

The word neutrality can have different meanings too:


Physical anthropology

Physical anthropology deals mainly with looking at how the anatomy of the human body has changed over the course of time. It compares the human body to that of other primates. Studies of physical anthropology often include looking at the evolution of mankind.

Some areas of physical anthropology are paleoanthropology and primatology. When physical anthropology is joined to other branches of biology it becomes biological anthropology. Biological anthropology puts together information from the fossil record, the human skeleton, genetics, our primate relatives, human adaptations and behaviour.

Jackal

Jackals are canid species found in Africa, Asia and Europe. They are carnivorous of small and medium-sized prey. To hunt, they can run at speeds of 16 km/h (10 mph). This is not fast, but they have great endurance, so can run for a long time. 

They often chase prey as a pair or a group, usually not as individuals. Jackals are "opportunistic omnivores", which will take on larger animals if they need to. They are predators of small to medium-sized animals and scavengers.

Jackals are monogamous (each male lives with only one female). A pair defends its territory from other pairs: they mark the territory with urine and feces. The territory may be large enough to hold some young adults who live with their parents until they have their own territory. Sometimes, jackals join small packs, for example to hunt a big animal, but normally they hunt alone or as a pair.

Jackals are not a clade. They have several times developed from canid ancestors. However, they are closely related. It could be put this way: jackals are dogs which have a certain similar appearance and behaviour. They all have 78 chromosomes.
There are three species of jackals:

A canid from Ethiopia and Eritrea, the Ethiopian wolf ("Canis simensis"), is sometimes called Simien jackal, but it is really a wolf. The Ethiopian wolf is one of the rarest and most endangered of all canids.

Milwaukee

Milwaukee is the largest city in the state of Wisconsin. Milwaukee is also the 31st largest city in the United States. The city is the county seat of Milwaukee County. It is on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan, and is about 90 miles (145 kilometers) north of Chicago. As of 2009, about 604,133 people lived in Milwaukee. Part of Milwaukee is in Washington County. Cavalier Johnson has been the mayor since 2021.

The city got its name from the Indian word "millioke", which is thought to mean "the good land" or "gathering place by the water".

The city is home to the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball and the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association.

Diogenes syndrome

Diogenes syndrome is a behavioral disorder. It is not a disease, it is a psychological condition. People who have it do not look after themselves enough any more, this is called self-neglect. They do not wash, perhaps do not shave, etc. So they develop a strong odor (scent). Since they neglect their hygiene, other diseases related to poor hygiene usually accompany the disorder.

Very often this disorder affects old people who live alone.

Diogenes Syndrome is named after the behavior (but not necessarily the ideals) of Diogenes of Sinope. It is thought to be the end stage of personality disorder.


Marx and Engels Internet Archive

The Marxists Internet Archive (also known as MIA or Marxists.org) is a volunteer-based non-profit organization that has an Internet archive of Marxist writers and other similar authors, socialists, and others on their website.

The texts are available in many different languages.

NATO

The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (sometimes known as the North Atlantic Alliance, the Atlantic Alliance or the Western Alliance), also simply called NATO is a military alliance mostly in Europe and North America. It was established by the North Atlantic Treaty in 1949 and it was signed in Washington, DC, United States, on April 4, 1949. Its headquarters are in Brussels, Belgium. Its other official name means the same in French: "Organisation du traité de l'Atlantique nord" ("OTAN").

NATO has two official languages, English and French, as defined in Article 14 of the North Atlantic Treaty.

Its members in 1949 were the United States, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, the United Kingdom, Canada, Portugal, Italy, Norway, Denmark and Iceland. On 18 February 1952, Greece and Turkey also joined.
When West Germany joined the organization on 9 May 1955 it was described as "a decisive turning point in the history of our continent" by Halvard Lange, Foreign Minister of Norway at the time., the result was the Warsaw Pact, signed on 14 May 1955 by the Soviet Union and its satellite states as response to NATO.

After the Cold War in 1999 three former communist countries, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Poland joined NATO. On 29 March 2004 seven more Northern European and Eastern European countries joined NATO: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and also Slovenia, Slovakia, Bulgaria, and Romania.

Croatia and Albania received NATO membership invitation on 3 April 2008. The Republic of Macedonia received the only conditional invitation because it was vetoed by Greece because of its name dispute with Greece.

Montenegro joined on 5 June 2017. Having changed its name to end the dispute,
North Macedonia joined NATO on 27 March 2020 and became its 30th member.
Ireland officially joined NATO on 8 September 2020 as an observer.

In April 2023, Finland joined NATO, following efforts to join since the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Sweden joined in March 2024.

Apart from this, Iceland also threatened to leave during the Cod Wars, which would put the UK at fault, and NATO would lose a key position in the North Atlantic. They did not leave as they won the Cod Wars.



Felidae

Felidae is a family of mammals, in the order Carnivora. Animals that belong to Felidae are called "felids".

The family is of quite recent origin: the first fossils are from the Oligocene, 25 million years ago (mya). There are 41 living species, including the domestic cat, and they are monophyletic: all descended from the same ancestor.

Felids tend to have lithe and flexible bodies with muscular limbs. In most species, the tail is a third or a half the length of the body, with some exceptions (the bobcat and margay). The limbs are digitigrade, meaning they walk on their toes. The paws have three soft toe pads and retractible claws (usually). The tongue of felids is covered with horny papillae, which rasp meat from prey and aid in grooming.

The Felidae has three subfamilies:

More examples of felines are the big cats – the lion, tiger, leopard, jaguar, snow leopard, clouded leopard, puma, and cheetah - and other wild cats, for example the lynx, caracal, and bobcat. All felines, also the small pet cat, are predators that can hunt many animals.

The felids evolved in Asia and spread across continents by crossing land bridges. DNA sequence analysis shows that ancient cats evolved into eight main lines. There were at least 10 migrations (in both directions) from continent to continent via the Bering land bridge and Isthmus of Panama. The "Panthera" genus is the oldest and the "Felis" genus is the youngest. 60 percent of the modern species of cats developed within the last million years.

The felids' closest relatives are the linsangs, and at one remove the group of civets, hyenas, mongooses, and Madagascar carnivores, with whom they share the Suborder Feliformia. All felid species share a genetic anomaly that prevents them from tasting sweetness.

Genetic research has provided a basis for a more concise classification for the living members of the cat family based on genotypical groupings. Specifically, eight genetic lineages have been identified:

The last four lineages (5, 6, 7, 8) are more related to each other than to any of the first four (1, 2, 3, 4), and so form a clade within the Felinae subfamily of family Felidae.



Andrei Sakharov

Andrei Dmitrievich Sakharov (Russian: Андре́й Дми́триевич Са́харов, May 21 1921 – December 14 1989), was a Soviet nuclear physicist. He was also a well-known dissident and human rights activist. Sakharov was an advocate of nuclear disarmament and civil liberties and reforms in the Soviet Union.

Sakharov was a very clever scientist. He graduated from college during World War II but was kept out of the Red Army to do scientific research for the government. Sakharov helped the Soviets develop the hydrogen bomb in the 1950s. But he also made many peaceful uses of nuclear power.

The bomb he had helped make started Sakharov to be a dissident. He argued with Nikita Khrushchev against unneeded nuclear tests. He was afraid that these tests put people's lives and healths in danger without need. He began asking, too, for more freedom of speech. The government removed him from his secret work and his special job as a scientist. Sakharov began to see what unhappy lives most Soviet citizens led.

Persecution only made him speak out more. He asked for more freedom of religion and defended others who had spoken out and been put into jail. The secret police began to watch him and to make files of information against him. After Sakharov criticized activities of the USSR's Arab allies, Arab terrorists came to his apartment and held him, his wife, and his stepson hostage for an hour. "Do you want to kill us?" cried Sakharov's wife. "We can do worse things than kill you," they replied. After the terrorists left without doing anything, Sakharov tried to tell the police about it. The police did not really care.

The only thing that protected Sakharov was many people knew about him outside the Soviet Union. The Communists were afraid that if something happened to him, it would give the world a bad image of the USSR. But when Sakharov criticized the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, they became very angry and took him to the city of Gorky. There he was watched by the police outside his apartment. He tried to go on a hunger strike, not eating anything. The Soviet Union was afraid he might die, so they force-fed him (forcing him to eat).

Sakharov kept on asking for "glasnost" (openness). In 1986, Mikhail Gorbachev, who agreed with Sakharov and thought there should be "glasnost", let the dissident scientist return home. Sakharov continued to call for reform, and in December 1989, he died of heart failure, at the age of 68. . But two years later his wish became true with the dissolution of the Soviet Union. .

1686

Year 1686 was a common year that started on a Tuesday when using the Gregorian calendar.





1149

1149 was a common year.

1st century

The 1st century was the century that lasted from year 1 to 100.

During this period Europe, North Africa and the Near East fell under increasing domination by the Roman Empire. It continued expanding under the emperor Claudius (43). The reforms introduced by Augustus during his long reign stabilized the empire. Later in the century the Julio-Claudian Dynasty, which had been founded by Augustus came to an end with the death of Nero in 68. There followed the famous Year of Four Emperors, a brief period of civil war and instability, which was finally brought to an end by Vespasian, 9th Roman emperor, and founder of the Flavian Dynasty.

China continued to be dominated by the Han Dynasty, despite a 14-year interruption by the Xin dynasty under Wang Mang. Han rule was restored in 23. Wang Mang's rule represents the watershed between the Western/Former Han and the Eastern/Later Han. The capital was also moved from Chang'an to Luoyang.





According to the New Testament, during the reign of Tiberius, Jesus, a Jewish religious leader from Galilee, was crucified in Jerusalem on the charge of blasphemy for claiming to be the Son of God. But "God raised him from the dead" three days later, see Resurrection of Jesus. Over the next few decades his followers, following the Great Commission, including the apostle Paul, carried his message throughout the Greek-speaking regions of Asia Minor, eventually introducing it to Rome itself. Roman rulers began to persecute the new sect almost immediately (the emperor Nero accused the Christians of starting the fires that destroyed much of Rome in 64 AD), and would continue to do so for centuries, sometimes vigorously, and other times passively. Christian tradition records that all of Christ's apostles except John the Evangelist suffered martyrdom.

In the 4th century, Christianity was eventually taken up by the emperor Constantine. One of his successors Julian the Apostate renounced it for paganism and again persecuted the Church. However, by the end of the 4th century, Emperor Theodosius I proclaimed Christianity as the state religion of the Roman Empire.

Note: years before or after the 1st century are in "italics".


Equidae

Equidae is a family of odd-toed ungulate that are only one surviving genus: "Equus". Horses, donkeys and zebras belong in this genus. Animals of the "Equus" genus can have hybrid offspring, but they are usually sterile. They can have many different colours.

Lynx

The Lynx is a small cat. It is a genus with four species. The four species are in Eurasia, Spain, Canada and America, and do not overlap much.

"Lynx" have short tails, and usually some hair on the ears. They have large paws (feet) padded for walking on snow, and long whiskers on the face. The color of the body is from light brown to grey and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the legs. They weigh about 5 kg or about 11 pounds (approximately the size of a large domestic cat) and can weigh up to about 30 kg (66 pounds). They are between 70 and 150 cm long, with a relative short tail - 5-25 cm. They live for about 20 years.

"Lynx" are similar to a regular house cat, but larger. They have a powerful body on short, furry legs attached to hefty feet, and a bobbed, black-tipped tail. The fur is spotted and yellowish-brown to grey. It has a collar of fur around the face, giving a triangular shape. They also have long black ear tufts.

"Lynx" live in the high altitude forests with many shrubs, reeds and grass. They hunt only on the ground, but can climb trees and swim.

They can be found in the some places in northern Scandinavia, in North America and also in the Himalayas. Since the 1990s people try to move part of the population of the Eurasian lynx to Germany. They can also be found in Białowieża Forest (northeastern Poland), and southern Spain.

The Colorado Division of Wildlife tried to move other wild "Lynx" populations from Canada back to the United States.

"Lynx" are usually solitary, although a small group may travel and hunt together occasionally. Mating takes place in the late winter and once a year the female gives birth to between two and four kittens. The young stay with the mother for one more winter, a total of around nine months, before moving out to live on their own as young adults.

"Lynx" make their dens in crevices or under ledges. They feed on a wide range of animals from white-tailed deer, reindeer, roe deer, small red deer, and chamois, to smaller, more usual prey: snowshoe hares, fish, foxes, sheep, squirrels, mice, turkeys and other birds, and goats. They also eat ptarmigans, voles, and grouse.


The Iberian lynx is the most endangered feline in the world. There are only two populations (together, 300 animals), in the southern Spain.
Hunting lynxes is illegal in many countries.


Shania Twain

Shania Twain (born Eilleen Regina Edwards; August 28, 1965, in Timmins, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and record producer. She was married a long time to music producer Mutt Lange. She is very successful in the country and pop music genres. She had a residency show at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada, in late 2012.

Her 1995 album "The Woman in Me" brought her fame. Her 1997 album "Come On Over" became the bestselling album of all time by a female musician in any genre and the bestselling country album of all time. It has sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.

In 2017, she released the album "Now", her first in 15 years. She wrote and co-produced all of the songs. It entered at the top of the charts in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the US, where it opened with 137,000 combined copies and streams.

Twain married music producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange on December 28, 1993. They have a son, Eja (pronounced "Asia") D'Angelo, who was born on August 12, 2001. On May 15, 2008, a spokesperson for Mercury Nashville said that Twain and Lange were separating. This was after Lange allegedly had an affair with Twain's best friend, Marie-Anne Thiébaud. Their divorce was finalized on June 9, 2010. On December 20, 2010, Twain's manager said that Twain was engaged to Swiss Frédéric Thiébaud (the ex-husband of her former best friend), an executive at Nestlé. They married on January 1, 2011, in Rincón, Puerto Rico.

Twain is a longtime vegetarian. In 2001 she was voted PETA's very first Sexiest Vegetarian Alive.

In September 2010, it was confirmed that Twain was to release her first biography, "From This Moment On", on May 3, 2011. The cover work for the book was released on March 2, 2011.

In addition to the awards for her singles and albums, Twain has a number of personal honours:

Twain has released thirty-five singles from six studio albums, one greatest hits album, and one soundtrack album.



The Grass Roots

The Grass Roots are an American rock music group. Their peak in popularity was in the 1960s and 1970s. They formed in Los Angeles, California in 1966. Their biggest hit was the song "Midnight Confessions" which charted in the US at #5 in 1968. Their 1969 song "I'd Wait a Million Years" was #15 in the U.S..


Dionne Warwick

Dionne Warwick (born December 12, 1940) is an American R&B singer. She was born in East Orange, New Jersey.

Warwick sang many songs written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. Many of these songs were hits.

In 1990, Warwick hosted and executive produced a talk show, "Dionne and Friends". She was a contestant in the 2011 season of "The Apprentice".

Warwick's sister Dee Dee Warwick (1942-2008), their aunt Cissy Houston (born 1933) and cousin Whitney Houston (1963-2012) were singers.

Barenaked Ladies

Barenaked Ladies are a Canadian band. They formed in Toronto, Canada in 1988. The band is made up of four men. In 1991, the band was taken off the program for a New Year's Eve concert in Toronto because someone thought the name was bad. The band started as a duo with Ed Roberstson and Steven Page. Lead singer Page left the band in 2009 to begin a solo career. He was also arrested in 2008 for having the illegal drug cocaine.

The current band members are:

Ed Robertson is also the host of a television programme, called "Ed's Up". On the programme, he travels around Canada by airplane. A plane he was flying crashed into trees in 2008. Roberston and the other passengers were not hurt.

The theme song to the television series "The Big Bang Theory" is performed by Barenaked Ladies.

The band have made 18 albums:


Paul Revere &amp; the Raiders

Paul Revere & the Raiders were an American pop group who were popular in the 1960s. They started in Portland, Oregon in 1960.

The band claimed to have 23 hits from 1961 to 1972, more hits for a long period of time than even the likes of The Beatles did not achieve. The Raiders most well known lineup consisted of: Mark Lindsay (lead vocals), Drake Levin (guitar), Jim Valley (guitar), Phil Volk (bass), Paul Revere (keyboards) and Mike Smith (drums).

Nintendogs

There are four versions of the game each with different breeds.
They are: "Dalmatian and Friends", "Chihuahua and Friends", "Labrador and Friends" and "Dachshund and Friends". All breeds are unlockable in every version and a player can unlock dogs by increasing his trainer points. However, the player can only have three dogs at home. To get more the player must drop off one at the Dog Hotel. Every player can only drop off five dogs at a time.

If the player does not play the game for a long period of time, the dog may run away, so players need to play with their dogs daily.

A sequel, "Nintendogs + Cats", was released for the Nintendo 3DS in 2011.


Luigi

Luigi Mario is a video game character made by Nintendo. The famous game designer, Shigeru Miyamoto, made him. Luigi is the younger but taller fraternal twin brother of the Nintendo mascot, Mario. He is in many games all over the "Mario" series, almost always as an assistant to his brother Mario.

The first game Luigi was in was "Mario Bros. (Game and Watch)" (1983) as a character seen working in a factory. He later appeared playable in the 1983 arcade game "Mario Bros" and was played by the second player. It was also done in "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 3", "Super Mario World", and other games. The first game in which he was present as the first character was "Super Mario Bros. 2". In the Mario series, he is usually not the main character. However, he has his own games where he is the main character, like Luigi's Mansion and Mario is Missing!. He also appears in many spin-offs, such as Mario Kart, Mario Party and the Super Smash Bros. series. Luigi has also been in every show of the three DiC TV series based on the Nintendo Entertainment System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System games.

At first, he was made as a copy of Mario with a green color instead of red. Later in the series, he became his own character with his own personality and abilities. As his part in the "Mario" series progressed, Luigi became taller and thinner than his brother.

Nintendo called 2013 "The Year of Luigi" to mark the thirty years of the character's existence. The games released in 2013 brought attention to Luigi, such as "", "", "Dr. Luigi", and the level pack "New Super Luigi U" for "New Super Mario Bros. U". In "Super Mario 3D World", a Luigi version of "Mario Bros." called "Luigi Bros." can be unlocked.

The events leading to the creation of Luigi began in 1982, during the making of "Donkey Kong". The Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto had created Mario (who used to be "Jumpman") hoping that he would be able to show the character in many different pars in future games. Miyamoto had been given ideas by the game "Joust" to create a game where two players can play at the same time. This was the cause of his development of the game "Mario Bros." in 1983, with Luigi as the brother of Mario and the second playable character. The name Luigi is said to have been inspired by a pizza business near the head office of Nintendo of America in Redmond, Washington, called "Mario & Luigi's". Miyamoto noticed that the word "ruiji" means "similar" in the Japanese language and that Luigi was designed to have the same size, shape and gameplay as Mario.

At first, in "Donkey Kong", Mario was a carpenter. In "Mario Bros.", Mario and Luigi were designed as Italian plumbers by Miyamoto at the suggestion of a partner. Software limits at the time—almost the same as those that gave Mario his special look in "Donkey Kong"—meant the first appearance of Luigi was limited to a simple color swap of Mario, designed to be the second player. The characters were in every way the same, other than their colors. The green color for Luigi would be one of his physical characteristics in future releases.

After the success of "Mario Bros.", Luigi was shown to a wider market in 1985 with the release of the NES game "Super Mario Bros. "Once again, his part was limited to a color swap of Mario, acting as the second-player in almost the same way as "Mario Bros. "The Japan-only form of "Super Mario Bros. 2" in 1986 (released in the west as " "in the future) marked the start of Luigi becoming a separate character. As with his last appearances, Luigi was still a color swap of Mario. However, his moves were not the same. Luigi could now jump higher and a greater distance than his brother, at the cost of motion reaction and exactness.

While this form of "Super Mario Bros. 2" was released in Japan, it was thought to be too hard for the American public at the time. In 1988, as a result, an alternative release was developed to be good enough as "Super Mario Bros. 2" for western players (and in the future released in Japan as "Super Mario USA"). This would play a key part in forming the current look of Luigi. The game was a conversion of "", with the art changed to be characters and places from the "Mario" series. In this release, the character of "Mama", who could jump the highest, was good enough for the model for Luigi. This caused his taller, thinner look, combined with his Mario-designed outfit and green color. There were appearances of Luigi being taller than Mario before - for example, in the 1988 Famicom Disk System game "" and before that, in a very limited 1986 anime "" (though in the anime, he had a yellow shirt and blue overalls). Licensed art for "Super Mario Bros. 3" and "Super Mario World "shows Luigi with this new look. Nintendo of Japan would not change his art differences to his look within the game until the 1992 game "Super Mario Kart". The appearance of Luigi from the "Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic" version of "Super Mario Bros. 2" has been used ever since, even for games made again in which he was a palette swap to start with.

Much like his appearance, Luigi's voice has changed over the years. In "Mario Kart 64", which voiced many characters for the first time, some characters had two different voices in relation to the region of the game. The North American and European versions of the game present a deep voice for Luigi, by Charles Martinet, who also voices Mario, Wario, Waluigi, and Toadsworth. The Japanese version uses a high, falsetto voice, by (then French translator at Nintendo) Julien Bardakoff. All forms of "Mario Party" present the high-pitched clips of Bardakoff from "Mario Kart 64". Luigi kept this higher voice in "Mario Party 2". In "Mario Golf", "Mario Tennis", and "Mario Party 3" his voice returned to normal. Since then, in all games but "" and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", Luigi has always had a medium-pitched voice. In "", Luigi's voice was the same high voice as in the Japanese "Mario Kart 64". In "Super Smash Bros." and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", Luigi's voice is based on Mario's voice (with clips taken from "Super Mario 64"), with a higher pitch. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", he has his own voice clips instead of voice clips taken from Mario.

Playable only in two-player:

Playable in one-player or two-player:

RAID

RAID is an acronym that stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks. RAID is a term used in computing. With RAID, several hard disks are made into one logical disk. There are different ways this can be done. Each of the methods that puts the hard disks together has some benefits and drawbacks over using the drives as single disks, independent of each other. The main reasons why RAID is used are:


It is not possible to achieve all of these goals at the same time, so choices need to be made.

There are also some bad things:


Most of the work on RAID is based on a paper written in 1988.

Companies have used RAID systems to store their data since the technology was made. There are different ways in which RAID systems can be made. Since its discovery, the cost of building a RAID system has come down a lot. For this reason, even some computers and appliances that are used at home have some RAID functions. Such systems can be used to store music or movies, for example.

A hard disk is a part of a computer. Normal hard disks use magnetism to store information. When hard disks are used, they are available to the operating system. In Microsoft Windows, each hard disk will get a drive letter (starting with C:, A: or B: are reserved for floppy drives). Unix and Linux-like operating systems have a single-rooted directory tree. This means that people who use the computers sometimes do not know where the information is stored.

In computing, the hard disks (which are hardware, and can be touched) are sometimes called "physical drives" or "physical disks". What the operating system shows the user is sometimes called "logical disk". A physical drive can be split into different sections, called disk partitions. Usually, each disk partition contains one file system. The operating system will show each partition like a logical disk.

Therefore, to the user, both the setup with many physical disks and the setup with many logical disks will look the same. The user cannot decide if a "logical disk" is the same as a physical disk, or if it simply is a part of the disk. Storage Area Networks (SANs) completely change this view. All that is visible of a SAN is a number of logical disks.

In the computer, data is organised in the form of bits and bytes. In most systems, 8 bits make up a byte. Computer memory uses electricity to store the data, hard disks use magnetism. Therefore, when data is "written" on a disk, the electric signal is converted into a magnetic one. When data is read from disk, the conversion is done in the other direction: An electrical signal is made from the polarity of a magnetic field.

A RAID array joins two or more hard disks so that they make a logical disk. There are different reasons why this is done. The most common ones are:


RAID is done by using special hardware or software on the computer. The joined hard disks will then look like one hard disk to the user. Most RAID levels increase the redundancy. This means that they store the data more often, or they store information on how to reconstruct the data. This allows for a number of disks to fail without the data being lost. When the failed disk is replaced, the data it should contain will be copied or rebuilt from the other disks of the system. This can take a long time. The time it takes depends on different factors, like the size of the array.

One of the reasons why many companies are using RAID is that the data in the array can simply be used. Those using the data need not be aware they are using RAID at all. When a failure occurred and the array is recovering, access to the data will be slower. Accessing the data during this time will also slow down the recovery process, but this is still much faster than not being able to work with the data at all.
Depending on the RAID level however, disks may not fail while the new disk is being prepared for use. A disk failing at that time will result in losing all the data in the array.

The different ways to join disks are called "RAID levels". A bigger number for the level is not necessarily better. Different RAID levels have different purposes. Some RAID levels need special disks and special controllers.

In 1978, a man called Norman Ken Ouchi, who worked at IBM, made a suggestion describing the plans for what would later become RAID 5. The plans also described something similar to RAID 1, as well as the protection of a part of RAID 4.

Workers at the University of Berkeley helped to plan out research in 1987. They were trying to make it possible for RAID technology to recognize two hard drives instead of one. They found that when RAID technology had two hard drives, it had much better storage than with only one hard drive. However, it crashed much more often.

In 1988, the different types of RAID (1 to 5), were written about by David Patterson, Garth Gibson and Randy Katz in their article, called "A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID)". This article was the first to call the new technology RAID and the name became official.

RAID uses a few basic ideas, which were described in the article "RAID: High-Performance, Reliable Secondary Storage" by Peter Chen and others, published in 1994.

Caching is a technology that also has its uses in RAID systems. There are different kinds of caches that are used in RAID systems:


In modern systems, a write request is shown as done when the data has been written to the cache. This does not mean that the data has been written to the disk. Requests from the cache are not necessarily handled in the same order that they were written to the cache. This makes it possible that, if the system fails, sometimes some data has not been written to the disk involved. For this reason, many systems have a cache that is backed by a battery.

When talking about a mirror, this is a very simple idea. Instead of the data being in only one place, there are several copies of the data. These copies usually are on different hard disks (or disk partitions). If there are two copies, one of them can fail without the data being affected (as it still is on the other copy). Mirroring can also give a boost when reading data. It will always be taken from the fastest disk that responds. Writing data is slower though, because all disks need to be updated.

With striping, the data is split into different parts. These parts then end up on different disks (or disk partitions). This means that writing data is faster, as it can be done in parallel. This does not mean that there will not be faults, as each block of data is only found on one disk.

It is possible to calculate different kinds of checksums. Some methods of calculating checksums allow finding a mistake. Most RAID levels that use redundancy can do this. Some methods are more difficult to do, but they allow to not only detect the error, but to fix it.

Many of the ways to have RAID support something is called a "hot spare". A hot spare is an empty disk that is not used in normal operation. When a disk fails, data can directly be copied onto the hot spare disk. That way, the failed disk needs to be replaced by a new empty drive to become the hot spare.

RAID works by spreading the data over several disks. Two of the terms often used in this context are "stripe size" and "chunk size".

The "chunk size" is the smallest data block that is written to a single disk of the array. The "stripe size" is the size of a block of data that will be spread over all disks. That way, with four disks, and a stripe size of 64 kilobytes (kB), 16 kB will be written to each disk. The chunk size in this example is therefore 16 kB. Making the stripe size bigger will mean a faster data transfer rate, but also a bigger maximum latency. In this case, this is the time needed to get a block of data.

Many controllers (and also software) can put disks together in the following way: Take the first disk, till it ends, then they take the second, and so on. In that way, several smaller disks look like a larger one. This is not really RAID, as there is no redundancy. Also, spanning can combine disks where RAID 0 cannot do anything. Generally, this is called "just a bunch of disks" (JBOD).

This is like a distant relative of RAID because the logical drive is made of different physical drives. Concatenation is sometimes used to turn several small drives into one larger useful drive. This can not be done with RAID 0. For example, JBOD could combine 3 GB, 15 GB, 5.5 GB, and 12 GB drives into a logical drive at 35.5 GB, which is often more useful than the drives alone.

In the diagram to the right, data are concatenated from the end of disk 0 (block A63) to the beginning of disk 1 (block A64); end of disk 1 (block A91) to the beginning of disk 2 (block A92).
If RAID 0 were used, then disk 0 and disk 2 would be truncated to 28 blocks, the size of the smallest disk in the array (disk 1) for a total size of 84 blocks.

Some RAID controllers use JBOD to talk about working on drives without RAID features. Each drive shows up separately in the operating system. This JBOD is not the same as concatenation.

Many Linux systems use the terms "linear mode" or "append mode". The Mac OS X 10.4 implementation — called a "Concatenated Disk Set" — does not leave the user with any usable data on the remaining drives if one drive fails in a concatenated disk set, although the disks otherwise operate as described above.

Concatenation is one of the uses of the Logical Volume Manager in Linux. It can be used to create virtual drives.

Most modern hard disks have a standard called Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T). SMART allows to monitor certain things on a hard disk drive. Certain controllers allow to replace a single hard disk even before it fails, for example because S.M.A.R.T or another disk test reports too many correctable errors. To do this, the controller will copy all the data onto a hot spare drive. After this, the disk can be replaced by another (which will simply become the new hot spare).

The setup of the disks and how they use the techniques above affects the performance and reliability of the system. When more disks are used, one of the disks is more likely to fail. Because of this, mechanisms have to be built to be able to find and fix errors. This makes the whole system more reliable, as it is able to survive and repair the failure.

RAID 0 is not really RAID because it is not redundant. With RAID 0, disks are simply put together to make a large disk. This is called "striping". When one disk fails, the whole array fails. Therefore, RAID 0 is rarely used for important data, but reading and writing data from the disk can be faster with striping because each disk reads part of the file at the same time.

With RAID 0, disk blocks that come after one another are usually placed on different disks. For this reason, all disks used by a RAID 0 should be the same size.

RAID 0 is often used for Swapspace on Linux or Unix-like operating systems.

With RAID 1, two disks are put together. Both hold the same data, one is "mirroring" the other. This is easy, fast configuration whether implemented with a hardware controller or by software.

RAID Level 5 is what is probably used most of the time. At least three hard disks are needed to build a RAID 5 storage array. Each block of data will be stored in three different places. Two of these places will store the block as it is, the third will store a checksum. This checksum is a special case of a Reed-Solomon code that only uses bitwise addition. Usually, it is calculated using the XOR method. Since this method is symmetric, one lost data block can be rebuilt from the other data block and the checksum. For each block, a different disk will hold the parity block which holds the checksum. This is done to increase redundancy. Any disk can fail. Overall, there will be one disk holding the checksums, so the total usable capacity will be that of all disks except for one. The size of the resulting logical disk will be the size of all disks together, except for one disk which holds parity information.

Of course this is slower than RAID level 1, since on every write, all disks need to be read to calculate and update the parity information. The read performance of RAID 5 is almost as good as RAID 0 for the same number of disks. Except for the parity blocks, the distribution of data over the drives follows the same pattern as RAID 0. The reason RAID 5 is slightly slower is that the disks must skip over the parity blocks.

A RAID 5 with a failed disk will continue to work. It is in "degraded mode". A degraded RAID 5 can be very slow. For this reason an additional disk is often added. This is called "hot spare" disk. If a disk fails, the data can be directly rebuilt onto the extra disk. RAID 5 can also be done in software quite easily.

Mainly because of performance problems of failed RAID 5 arrays, some database experts have formed a group called BAARF—the "Battle Against Any Raid Five".

If the system fails while there are active writes, the parity of a stripe may become inconsistent with the data. If this is not repaired before a disk or block fails, data loss may occur. An incorrect parity will be used to reconstruct the missing block in that stripe. This problem is sometimes known as the "write hole". Battery-backed caches and similar techniques are commonly used to reduce the chance for this to occur.

This was used with very large computers. Special expensive disks and a special controller are needed to use RAID Level 2. The data is distributed at the bit-level (all other levels use byte-level actions). Special calculations are done. Data is split up into static sequences of bits. 8 data bits and 2 parity bits are put together. Then a Hamming code is calculated. The fragments of the Hamming code are then distributed over the different disks.

RAID 2 is the only RAID level that can "repair" errors, the other RAID levels can only detect them. When they find that the information needed does not make sense, they will simply rebuild it. This is done with calculations, using information on the other disks. If that information is missing or wrong, they cannot do much. Because it uses Hamming codes, RAID 2 can find out which piece of the information is wrong, and correct only that piece.

RAID 2 needs at least 10 disks to work. Because of its complexity and its need for very expensive and special hardware, RAID 2 is no longer used very much.

Raid Level 3 is much like RAID Level 0. An additional disk is added to store parity information. This is done by bitwise addition of the value of a block on the other disks. The parity information is stored on a separate (dedicated) disk. This is not good, because if the parity disk crashes, the parity information is lost.

RAID Level 3 is usually done with at least 3 disks. A two-disk setup is identical to a RAID Level 0.

This is very similar to RAID 3, except that the parity information is calculated over larger blocks, and not single bytes. This is like RAID 5. At least three disks are needed for a RAID 4 array.

RAID level 6 was not an original RAID level. It adds an additional parity block to a RAID 5 array. It needs at least four disks (two disks for the capacity, two disks for redundancy). RAID 5 can be seen as a special case of a Reed-Solomon code. RAID 5 is a special case, though, it only needs addition in the Galois field "GF(2)". This is easy to do with XORs. RAID 6 extends these calculations. It is no longer a special case, and all of the calculations need to be done. With RAID 6, an extra checksum (called polynomial) is used, usually of "GF (2)". With this approach it is possible to protect against any number of failed disks. RAID 6 is for the case of using two checksums to protect against the loss of two disks.

Like with RAID 5, parity and data are on different disks for each block. The two parity blocks are also located on different disks.

There are different ways to do RAID 6. They are different in their write performance, and in how much calculations are needed. Being able to do faster writes usually means more calculations are needed.

RAID 6 is slower than RAID 5, but it allows the RAID to continue with any two disks failed. RAID 6 is becoming popular because it allows an array to be rebuilt after a single-drive failure even if one of the remaining disks has one or more bad sectors.

RAID 6 uses two parity blocks. These are calculated in a special way over a polynomial. "Double parity" RAID (also called "diagonal parity" RAID) uses a different polynomial for each of these parity blocks. Recently, the industry association that defined RAID said that double parity RAID is a different form of RAID 6.

RAID-DP is another way of having double parity.

RAID 1.5 (not to be confused with RAID 15, which is different) is a proprietary RAID implementation. Like RAID 1, it only uses two disks, but it does both striping and mirroring (similar to RAID 10). Most things are done in hardware.

RAID 5E, RAID 5EE and RAID 6E (with the added "E" for "Enhanced") generally refer to different types of RAID 5 or RAID 6 with a hot spare. With these implementations, the hot spare drive is not a physical drive. Rather, it exists in the form of free space on the disks. This increases performance, but it means that a hot spare cannot be shared between different arrays. The scheme was introduced by IBM ServeRAID around 2001.

This is a proprietary implementation. It adds caching to a RAID 3 or RAID 4 array.

Some Intel main boards have RAID chip that have this feature. It uses two or three disks, and then partitions them equally to form a combination of RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 5 or RAID 1+0 levels.

This is the name for the driver that allows to do software RAID with Linux. In addition to the normal RAID levels 0-6, it also has a RAID 10 implementation. Since Kernel 2.6.9, RAID 10 is a single level. The implementation has some non-standard features.

Sun has implemented a file system called ZFS. This file system is optimised for handling large amounts of data. It includes a Logical Volume Manager. It also includes a feature called RAID-Z. It avoids the problem called "RAID 5 write hole" because it has a copy-on-write policy: It does not overwrite the data directly, but writes new data in a new location on the disk. When the write was successful, the old data is deleted. It avoids the need for read-modify-write operations for small writes, because it only writes full-stripes. Small blocks are mirrored instead of parity protected, which is possible because the file system knows the way the storage is organised. It can therefore allocate extra space if necessary. There is also "RAID-Z2" which uses two forms of parity to achieve results similar to RAID 6: the ability to survive up to two drive failures without losing data.

With RAID different disks can be put together to get a logical disk.The user will only see the logical disk. Each one of the RAID levels mentioned above has good and bad points. But RAID can also work with logical disks. That way one of the RAID levels above can be used with a set of logical disks. Many people note it by writing the numbers together. Sometimes, they write a '+' or an '&' in between. Common combinations (using two levels) are the following:


With six disks of 300 GB each, a total capacity of 1.8TB, it is possible to make a RAID 5, with 1.5 TB usable space. In that array, one disk can fail without data loss. With RAID 50, the space is reduced to 1.2 TB, but one disk of each RAID 5 can fail, plus there is a noticeable increase in performance. RAID 51 reduces the usable size to 900 GB, but allows any three drives to fail.

There are different ways to make a RAID. It can either be done with software, or with hardware.

A RAID can be made with software in two different ways. In the case of Software RAID, the disks are connected like normal hard disks. It is the computer that makes the RAID work. This means that for each access the CPU also needs to do the calculations for the RAID. The calculations for RAID 0 or RAID 1 are simple. However, the calculations for RAID 5, RAID 6, or one of the combined RAID levels can be a lot of work. In a software RAID, automatically booting from an array that failed may be a difficult thing to do. Finally, the way RAID is done in software depends on the operating system used; it is generally not possible to re-build a Software RAID array with a different operating system. Operating systems usually use hard disk partitions rather than whole hard disks to make RAID arrays.

A RAID can also be made with hardware. In this case, a special disk controller is used; this controller card hides the fact that it is doing RAID from the operating system and the user. The calculations of checksum information, and other RAID-related calculations are done on a special microchip in that controller. This makes the RAID independent of the operating system. The operating system will not see the RAID, it will see a single disk. Different manufacturers do RAID in different ways. This means that a RAID built with one hardware RAID controller cannot be rebuilt by another RAID controller of a different manufacturer. Hardware RAID controllers are often expensive to buy.

This is a mix between hardware RAID and software RAID. Hardware-assisted RAID uses a special controller chip (like hardware RAID), but this chip can not do many operations. It is only active when the system is started; as soon as the operating system is fully loaded, this configuration is like software RAID. Some motherboards have RAID functions for the disks attached; most often, these RAID functions are done as "hardware-assisted RAID". This means that special software is needed to be able to use these RAID functions and to be able to recover from a failed disk.

There are different terms that are used when talking about hardware failures:

The failure rate is how often a system fails. The "mean time to failure" (MTTF) or "mean time between failures" (MTBF) of a RAID system is the same as that of its components. A RAID system cannot protect against failures of its individual hard drives, after all. The more complicated types of RAID (anything beyond "striping" or "concatenation") can help keep the data intact even if an individual hard drive fails, though.

The "mean time to data loss" (MTTDL) gives the average time before a loss of data happens in a given array. Mean time to data loss of a given RAID may be higher or lower than that of its hard disks. This depends on the type of RAID used.

Arrays that have redundancy can recover from some failures. The "mean time to recovery" shows how long it takes until a failed array is back to its normal state. This adds both the time to replace a failed disk mechanism as well as time to re-build the array (i.e. to replicate data for redundancy).

The "unrecoverable bit error rate" (UBE) tells how long a disk drive will be unable to recover data after using cyclic redundancy check (CRC) codes and multiple retries.

There are also certain problems with the ideas or the technology behind RAID:

Certain RAID levels allow to extend the array by simply adding hard disks, at a later time. Information such as parity blocks is often scattered on several disks. Adding a disk to the array means that a reorganisation becomes necessary. Such a reorganisation is like a re-build of the array, it can take a long time. When this is done, the additional space may not be available yet, because both the file system on the array, and the operating system need to be told about it. Some file systems do not support to be grown after they have been created. In such a case, all the data needs to be backed up, the array needs be re-created with the new layout, and the data needs to be restored onto it.

Another option to add storage is to create a new array, and to let a logical volume manager handle the situation. This allows to grow almost any RAID system, even RAID1 (which by itself is limited to two disks).

The error correction mechanism in RAID assumes that failures of drives are independent. It is possible to calculate how often a piece of equipment can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss very improbable.

In practice, however, the drives were often bought together. They have roughly the same age, and have been used similarly (called "wear"). Many drives fail because of mechanical problems. The older a drive is, the more worn are its mechanical parts. Mechanical parts that are old are more likely to fail than those that are younger. This means that drive failures are no longer statistically independent. In practice, there is a chance that a second disk will also fail before the first has been recovered. This means that data loss can occur at significant rates, in practice.

Another problem that also occurs with RAID systems is that applications expect what is called "Atomicity": Either all of the data is written, or none is. Writing the data is known as a "transaction".

In RAID arrays, the new data is usually written in the place where the old data was. This has become known as "update in-place". Jim Gray, a database researcher wrote a paper in 1981 where he described this problem.

Very few storage systems allow "atomic write semantics". When an object is written to disk, a RAID storage device will usually be writing all copies of the object in parallel. Very often, there is only one processor responsible for writing the data. In such a case, the writes of data to the different drives will overlap. This is known as "overlapped write" or "staggered write". An error that occurs during the process of writing may therefore leave the redundant copies in different states. What is worse, it may leave the copies in neither the old nor the new state. Logging relies on the original data being either in the old or the new state, though. This permits backing out the logical change, but few storage systems provide an atomic write semantic on a RAID disk.

Using a battery-backed write cache can solve this problem, but only in a power failure scenario.

Transactional support is not present in all hardware RAID controllers. Therefore, many operating systems include it to protect against data loss during an interrupted write. Novell Netware, starting with version 3.x, included a transaction tracking system. Microsoft introduced transaction tracking via the journaling feature in NTFS. NetApp WAFL file system solves it by never updating the data in place, as does ZFS.

Some sectors on a hard disk may have become unreadable because of a mistake. Some RAID implementations can deal with this situation by moving the data elsewhere and marking the sector on the disk as bad. This happens at about 1 bit in 10 in enterprise-class disk drives, and 1 bit in 10 in ordinary disk drives. Disk capacities are steadily increasing. This may mean that sometimes, a RAID cannot be rebuilt, because such an error is found when the array is rebuilt after a disk failure. Certain technologies such as RAID 6 try to address this issue, but they suffer from a very high write penalty, in other words writing data becomes very slow.

The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache. It does not need to wait until the data has been physically written. However, any power outage can then mean a significant data loss of any data queued in such a cache.

With hardware RAID, a battery can be used to protect this cache. This often solves the problem. When the power fails, the controller can finish writing the cache when the power is back. This solution can still fail, though: the battery may have worn out, the power may have been off for too long, the disks could be moved to another controller, the controller itself could fail. Certain systems can do periodic battery checks, but these use the battery itself, and leave it in a state where it is not fully charged.

The disk formats on different RAID controllers are not necessarily compatible. Therefore, it may not be possible to read a RAID array on different hardware. Consequently, a non-disk hardware failure may require using identical hardware, or a backup, to recover the data.

This guide was taken from a thread in a RAID-related forum. This was done to help point out the advantages and disadvantages of choosing RAID. It is directed at people who want to choose RAID for either increases in performance or redundancy. It contains links to other threads in its forum containing user-generated anecdotal reviews of their RAID experiences.



The RAID levels used most often are RAID 0, RAID 1, and RAID 5. Suppose there is a 3 disk setup, with 3 identical disks of 1 TB each, and the probability of failure of a drive for a given timespan is 1%.


Leonid Brezhnev

Leonid Illich Brezhnev (19 December 1906 – 10 November 1982) was a leader of the Soviet Union. Born in 1906, Brezhnev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was effectively the dictator of the Soviet Union from 1964 until his death in 1982. 

During the Second World War, Brezhnev was a Political Commissar. He supervised various military units. There, he became a friend of Nikita Khrushchev. 

Unlike Khrushchev, the leader of the Soviet Union before him, Brezhnev did not agree with the process of destalinization, and did not support reform. Under Brezhnev, the Soviet economy mostly consisted of military spending. Because the country's resources were going to the armed forces, as they had under Joseph Stalin in wartime, consumer wants were ignored. The standard of living began to fall.

Brezhnev died of a heart attack on November 10, 1982. At over 18 years, Brezhnev was longest ruling Russian Ruler since Stalin until Vladimir Putin broke this record in 2017.

List of wars and uprisings in Europe: WW2 ; Great Patriotic War (1941-1945),Hungarian Revolution of 1956,1968 Warsaw Pact Invasion Of Czechoslovakia

List of wars in Asia: Korean War,Vietnam War,Cambodian Civil War,Cambodian–Vietnamese War,Soviet–Afghan War (1950-1982)

List of wars in Africa and Middle East : Nigerian Civil War,Angolan Civil War,Iran–Iraq War (1967-1982)

Approximation

An approximation is a version of a piece of information that does not describe it exactly, but is close enough to be used. An approximation may be used either when the exact piece of information is not known, or when it's too long or complicated and people need something simpler. The most common simple adjective for an approximation is "about". 

For example, if you wanted to add 2.0002 and 2.0003, you can add 2 and 2, and it would be an approximation.
If you are left with a balance of Dollar 78.23 you might want to say you are left with 80 dollars. In mathematics, this is written using the formula_1 symbol (e.g., formula_2).

Archimedes used polygons to approximate a circle, and to calculate an approximation for formula_3 as shown below:

PhpBB

phpBB is a commonly used, free computer software for forums. As the name suggests, phpBB is written in PHP, with the use of one of SQL compatible databases.


World Health Organization

The World Health Organization (WHO) is part of the United Nations (UN), working on international public health, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The WHO was established by the UN on April 7, 1948. In the previous year they had already started an epidemiology service. WHO World Health Day is celebrated on April 7.


Jerboa

A jerboa is a small desert rodent of Asia and Northern Africa. It looks like a mouse, but it has a long tail and very long back legs. The jerboa moves by jumping. Jerboas have long tails, long hind legs, and short front legs. They tend to live in hot deserts.

When they are being chased, jerboas can run up to 24 kilometers per hour. Some jerboa species are preyed on by little owls in central Asia. Most species of jerboas have very good hearing. Their hearing helps them avoid being attacked by predators.

Jerboas are also 2 4km/h and there highest jump is 6 feet high and there are 33 species of jerboa


Aesop

Aesop, or Æsop (from the Greek "Αἴσωπος" "Aisopos"), is known for his fables. He was, by tradition, a slave of African descent who lived from about 620 BC to 560 BC in Ancient Greece.

Aesop's Fables are still taught as moral lessons and used as subjects for entertainment, especially children's plays and cartoons. Aesop is "said" to have written thousands of fables, but none has been verified. This means we do not know whether he wrote any, or perhaps just collected them. His most famous one was perhaps "The Lion and the Mouse".

No writings by him survive. Tales credited to him were gathered across the centuries and in many languages. This is a storytelling tradition that continues to the present day. Many of the tales have animals and inanimate objects that speak, solve problems, and generally have human characteristics.

The tradition is that he was at one point freed from slavery and that he eventually died at the hands of Delphians. In fact, the doubt about his life has led some to deny his existence altogether.

His most famous fable is a parable of the tortoise and the hare. In this story, a rabbit challenges a tortoise to a race. The rabbit is sure of its victory and as a result, depending on the version of the story, in some way completes the race slower than the turtle. Often, the hare takes a nap or takes too many breaks. The persistent tortoise, despite being slower, wins because it persevered.

The Qur'anic figure "Luqman" (Arabic: لقمان) is often identified with Aesop, whose lore is found in several ancient cultures. At some time during the Middle Ages, much was transferred to Luqman that was told in Europe of Aesop. This identification with Aesop is confirmed by the fact that many of the fables ascribed to Aesop in the west are referred to Luqman in the east.

Aesop's Fables or "Aesopica" refers to a collection of fables credited to Aesop. Aesop's Fables has also become a blanket term for collections of brief fables, usually involving personified animals.

The fables remain a popular choice for moral education of children today. Many stories included in Aesop's Fables, such as "The Fox and the Grapes" (from which the idiom "sour grapes" was derived), "The Tortoise and the Hare" (see Zeno's paradoxes) and "The Shepherd Boy and the Wolf" (also known as "The Boy Who Cried Wolf"), are well known throughout the world.



Smell

The term smell may refer to one of the following articles:


Olfaction

Olfaction is the sense of smell. The sense of smell is how a human or animal notices a smell (or odour or odor) by using the nose. Many animals have better noses than people. Some animals can detect small particles in the air or sometimes water that people cannot. 

People have special cells in the nose that can detect some chemicals. These are special nerve cells attached to the olfactory epithelium. All vertebrates have these cells. The smell is first processed by the olfactory system. The information is given to the olfactory bulb in the front of the forebrain. 

In insects, smells are sensed by sensillum on the antennae and first processed by the antennal lobe.

The olfactory reception (OR) cells are neurons (nerve cells). Many tiny hair-like cilia stick out of these cells into the mucus covering the surface of the epithelium. The surface of these cilia is covered with olfactory receptors, a kind of protein. 

There are about 1000 different genes which code for the ORs, though only about a third are functional. The rest are pseudogenes. The OR genes are the largest gene family. An odor molecule dissolves into the mucus of the olfactory epithelium and then binds to an OR. Various odor molecules bind to various ORs. The basis of the sense of smell is that different groups of scent molecules bind to different receptor cells and so fire different groups of neurons. Inside the olfactory region of the brain, the firing of neurons produces the perceived smell. 

When the OR is activated, changes start in the cells. Positive ions come in and negative ions go out of the cells. This causes the neuron to fire an impulse (generate an action potential).


Teaspoon

A teaspoon is a spoon used for stirring tea, measuring sugar, and playing games such as spoons. They are also called flatspoons in American English. Longer teaspoons can be used to eat ice cream and other desserts, too. It is usually covered with silver or stainless steel.

It is also a unit of measurement, now equal to 5 millilitres.

Camembert

Camembert is a village in France. It is in Normandy. It is in the Orne "département" of the Lower Normandy region in France. It is most famous as the place where Camembert cheese originated. In 1999, 199 people lived there.

Camembert has a total area of 10.3 square kilometers.

Camembert cheese

Camembert cheese, more generally known as Camembert, is a French soft cheese. It originated in the village of Camembert in Normandy. Since 1983, the name "Camembert de Normandie" has been protected as Appellation d'Origine controlée (AOC).

Camembert is made from unpasteurized cow's milk, and is ripened by the moulds "Penicillium candida" and "Penicillium camemberti" for at least three weeks. It is produced in small rounds, about 250 grams in weight, which are wrapped in paper and boxed in thin wooden boxes.

When fresh, it is quite crumbly and relatively hard, but it characteristically ripens and becomes more runny and strongly flavoured as it ages.

Camembert can be used in many dishes, but it is popularly eaten uncooked on bread or with wine or meat, to enjoy the subtle flavour and texture which do not survive heating.

Camembert was reputedly invented in 1791 by Marie Harel, a farmer from Normandy. However, the origin of the cheese we know today as camembert is more likely to rest with the beginnings of the industrialisation of the cheese-making process at the end of the 19th century. In 1890, an engineer, M. Ridel invented the wooden box which was used to carry the cheese and helped to send it for longer distances, in particular to America where it became very popular. These boxes are still used today.

Before fungi were properly understood, the colour of Camembert rind was a matter of chance, most commonly blue-grey, with brown spots. From the early 20th century onwards the rind has been more commonly pure white, but it was not until the mid-1970s that pure white became standard.

The cheese was famously issued to French troops in the First World War, becoming firmly fixed in the French popular culture as a result. It has many other roles in French culture, literature and history. It is now internationally known, and many local varieties are made around the world.

The cheese is said to have inspired Salvador Dalí to create his famous painting, "The Persistence of Memory". Its "melting" watches were inspired by the sight of a melting wheel of over-ripe Camembert.

The Camembert de Normandie was granted a protected designation of origin in 1992 after the original AOC in 1983.


"Camembert: A National Myth" by Pierre Boisard claims that Camembert was one of the first globalised, homogenised and standardised foods.


Childbirth

Childbirth, also known as labour and delivery, is the ending of pregnancy where one or more babies leaves the uterus by passing through the vagina or by Caesarean section. In 2015, there were about 135 million births globally.

About 15 million were born before 37 weeks of gestation, while between 3 and 12 percent were born after 42 weeks.

Birth rate is important in determining the population growth rate.


Shiva

Shiva or Mahadeva is the supreme god in Shaivism tradition in Hinduism and one of the chief deities as a member of the Trimurti. Shiva is causeless auspiciousness. Shiva is known as the Maha Rudra (the master of all Rudras). Shiva is an embodiment of ultimate space of enlightenment. He assumed human form to guide humans in the past and thus is known as Adhiguru (first guru).

His space of enlightenment is what all spiritual seekers aspire for. All enlightened masters live in this space of Shiva. Shiva is known as the destroyer god because he removes all evil from the world. His wife is the goddess Parvati or Devi Durga.

According to Hindu legend, he has a blue neck because he swallowed a poison in order to save the universe. He has three eyes, the third eye is on his forehead. Shiva is one-third of the Hindu trimurti including Brahma and Vishnu. Lord Shiva lives in the Mount Kailash with his two sons Kartikeya and Ganesha who is known as the Remover of Obstacles. There is a statue of Shiva in Bangalore which is a great tourist attraction.

In later vedic texts, Shiva becomes a deity. Shiva is also called as "Brahman", the supreme universal consciousness. The word "shivo'ham" translates as "I am Shiva", conveying that one's consciousness is where the lord resides, uniting it with the supreme "transcendence". In Tamil, he was called by different names other than Sivan. Nataraja (Dancing form of Shiva), Rudra (Enraged form of Shiva), and Dhakshinamoorthy (Yoga form of Shiva). Nataraja is the only form of Shiva worshipped in a human figure format. Elsewhere he is worshipped in Lingam figure. Pancha Bootha temples are located in south India. Pancha Bhoota Stalam refers to five temples dedicated to Shiva. Tamil literature is enriched by Shiva devotees called 63 Nayanmars (Nayanars).
A sculpture of Shiva with Moustache at Archaeological Museum, Goa
The Sanskrit word ""śiva"" (Devanagari: शिव, also transliterated as "shiva") means, states Monier Monier-Williams, "auspicious, propitious, gracious, benign, kind, benevolent, friendly". The roots of "śiva" in folk etymology are "śī" which means "in whom all things lie, pervasiveness" and "va" which means "embodiment of grace".

The word Shiva is used as an adjective in the Rig Veda (approximately 1700–1100 BC), as an epithet for several Rigvedic deities, including Rudra. The term Shiva also connotes "liberation, final emancipation" and "the auspicious one", this adjective sense of usage is addressed to many deities in Vedic layers of literature. The term evolved from the Vedic "Rudra-Shiva" to the noun "Shiva" in the Epics and the Puranas, as an auspicious deity who is the "creator, reproducer and dissolver".

Sharva, sharabha presents another etymology with the Sanskrit root "śarv"-, which means "to injure" or "to kill", interprets the name to connote "one who can kill the forces of darkness".

The Sanskrit word "śaiva" means "relating to the god Shiva", and this term is the Sanskrit name both for one of the principal sects of Hinduism and for a member of that sect. It is used as an adjective to characterize certain beliefs and practices, such as Shaivism.

The "Vishnu sahasranama" interprets "Shiva" to have multiple meanings: "The Pure One", and "the One who is not affected by three Guṇas of Prakṛti (Sattva, Rajas, and Tamas)".

Shiva is known by many names such as Viswanatha (lord of the universe), Mahadeva, Mahandeo, Mahasu, Mahesha, Maheshvara, Shankara, Shambhu, Rudra, Hara, Trilochana, Devendra (chief of the gods), Neelakanta, Subhankara, Trilokinatha (lord of the three realms), and Ghrneshwar (lord of compassion). The highest reverence for Shiva in Shaivism is reflected in his epithets 'Mahādeva' ("Great god"; 'mahā' "Great" and "deva" "god"), 'Maheśvara' ("Great Lord"; 'mahā' "great" and 'īśvara' "lord"), and 'Parameśvara' ("Supreme Lord").

Sahasranama are medieval Indian texts that list a thousand names derived from aspects and epithets of a deity. There are at least eight different versions of the "Shiva Sahasranama", devotional hymns ("stotras") listing many names of Shiva. The version appearing in Book 13 ("Anuśāsanaparvan") of the "Mahabharata" provides one such list. Shiva also has "Dasha-Sahasranamas" (10,000 names) that are found in the "Mahanyasa". The "Shri Rudram Chamakam", also known as the "Śatarudriya", is a devotional hymn to Shiva hailing him by many names.

See also: History of Shaivism

The Shiva-related tradition is a major part of Hinduism, found all over the Indian subcontinent, such as India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Southeast Asia, such as Bali, Indonesia. Scholars have interpreted early prehistoric paintings at the Bhimbetka rock shelters, carbon dated to be from pre-10,000 BCE period, as Shiva dancing, Shiva's trident, and his mount Nandi. Rock paintings from Bhimbetka, depicting a figure with a trishul, have been described as Nataraja by Erwin Neumayer, who dates them to the mesolithic.

Main article: Pashupati seal
Seal discovered during excavation of the Indus Valley archaeological site in the Indus Valley has drawn attention as a possible representation of a "yogi" or "proto-Shiva" figure.
Of several Indus valley seals that show animals, one seal that has attracted attention shows a large central figure, either horned or wearing a horned headdress and possibly ithyphallic, seated in a posture reminiscent of the Lotus position, surrounded by animals. This figure was named by early excavators of Mohenjo-daro as "Pashupati" (Lord of Animals, Sanskrit 'paśupatim'), an epithet of the later Hindu deities Shiva and Rudra.

Sir John Marshall and others suggested that this figure is a prototype of Shiva, with three faces, seated in a "yoga posture" with the knees out and feet joined. Semi-circular shapes on the head were interpreted as two horns. Scholars such as Gavin Flood, John Keay and Doris Meth Srinivasan have expressed doubts about this suggestion.

Gavin Flood states that it is not clear from the seal that the figure has three faces, is seated in a yoga posture, or even that the shape is intended to represent a human figure. He characterizes these views as "speculative", but adds that it is nevertheless possible that there are echoes of Shaiva iconographic themes, such as half-moon shapes resembling the horns of a bull. John Keay writes that "he may indeed be an early manifestation of Lord Shiva as Pashu-pati", but a couple of his specialties of this figure does not match with Rudra. Writing in 1997, Srinivasan interprets what John Marshall interpreted as facial as not human but more bovine, possibly a divine buffalo-man.

The interpretation of the seal continues to be disputed. McEvilley, for example, states that it is not possible to "account for this posture outside the yogic account". Asko Parpola states that other archaeological finds such as the early Elamite seals dated to 3000-2750 BCE show similar figures and these have been interpreted as "seated bull" and not a yogi, and the bovine interpretation is likely more accurate. Gregory L. Possehl in 2002, associated it with the water buffalo, and concluded that while it would be appropriate to recognize the figure as a deity, and its posture as one of ritual discipline, regarding it as a proto-Shiva would "go too far".

The Vedic literature refers to a minor atmospheric deity, with fearsome powers called Rudra. The Rigveda, for example, has 3 out of 1,028 hymns dedicated to Rudra, and he finds occasional mention in other hymns of the same text. The term Shiva also appears in the Rigveda, but simply as an epithet, that means "kind, auspicious", one of the adjectives used to describe many different Vedic deities. While fierce ruthless natural phenomenon and storm-related Rudra is feared in the hymns of the Rigveda, the beneficial rains he brings are welcomed as Shiva aspect of him. This healing, nurturing, life-enabling aspect emerges in the Vedas as Rudra-Shiva, and in post-Vedic literature ultimately as Shiva who combines the destructive and constructive powers, the terrific and the gentle, as the ultimate recycler and rejuvenator of all existence.

The similarities between the iconography and theologies of Shiva with Greek and European deities have led to proposals for an Indo-European link for Shiva, or lateral exchanges with ancient central Asian cultures. His contrasting aspects such as being terrifying or blissful depending on the situation, are similar to those of the Greek god Dionysus, as are their iconic associations with bull, snakes, anger, bravery, dancing and carefree life. The ancient Greek texts of the time of Alexander the Great call Shiva as "Indian Dionysus", or alternatively call Dionysus as ""god of the Orient"". Similarly, the use of phallic symbol as an icon for Shiva is also found for Irish, Nordic, Greek (Dionysus) and Roman deities, as was the idea of this aniconic column linking heaven and earth among early Indo-Aryans, states Roger Woodward. Others contest such proposals, and suggest Shiva to have emerged from indigenous pre-Aryan tribal origins.

Three-headed Shiva, Gandhara, 2nd century AD
Shiva as we know him today shares many features with the Vedic god Rudra, and both Shiva and Rudra are viewed as the same personality in Hindu scriptures. The two names are used synonymously. Rudra, the god of the roaring storm, is usually portrayed in accordance with the element he represents as a fierce, destructive deity.

The oldest surviving text of Hinduism is the Rig Veda, which is dated to between 1700 and 1100 BC based on linguistic and philological evidence. A god named Rudra is mentioned in the Rig Veda. The name Rudra is still used as a name for Shiva. In RV 2.33, he is described as the "Father of the Rudras", a group of storm gods.

The hymn 10.92 of the Rigveda states that deity Rudra has two natures, one wild and cruel (Rudra), another that is kind and tranquil (Shiva). The Vedic texts do not mention bull or any animal as the transport vehicle ("vahana") of Rudra or other deities. However, post-Vedic texts such as the Mahabharata and the Puranas state the Nandi bull, the Indian zebu, in particular, as the vehicle of Rudra and of Shiva, thereby unmistakably linking them as same.

Rudra and Agni have a close relationship. The identification between Agni and Rudra in the Vedic literature was an important factor in the process of Rudra's gradual development into the later character as Rudra-Shiva. The identification of Agni with Rudra is explicitly noted in the "Nirukta", an important early text on etymology, which says, "Agni is also called Rudra." The interconnections between the two deities are complex, and according to Stella Kramrisch:The fire myth of "Rudra-Śiva" plays on the whole gamut of fire, valuing all its potentialities and phases, from conflagration to illumination.In the "Śatarudrīya", some epithets of Rudra, such as "Sasipañjara" ("Of golden red hue as of flame") and "Tivaṣīmati" ("Flaming bright"), suggest a fusing of the two deities. Agni is said to be a bull, and Lord Shiva possesses a bull as his vehicle, Nandi. The horns of Agni, who is sometimes characterized as a bull, are mentioned. In medieval sculpture, both Agni and the form of Shiva known as Bhairava have flaming hair as a special feature.

Vima Kadphises with ithyphallic Shiva.
Coin of the Kushan Empire (1st-century BCE to 2nd-century CE). The right image has been interpreted as Shiva with trident and bull.

According to Wendy Doniger, the Puranic Shiva is a continuation of the Vedic Indra. Doniger gives several reasons for her hypothesis. Both are associated with mountains, rivers, male fertility, fierceness, fearlessness, warfare, the transgression of established mores, the Aum sound, the Supreme Self. In the Rig Veda the term 'śiva' is used to refer to Indra. (2.20.3, 6.45.17, and 8.93.3.) Indra, like Shiva, is likened to a bull. In the Rig Veda, Rudra is the father of the Maruts, but he is never associated with their warlike exploits as is Indra.

The Vedic beliefs and practices of the pre-classical era were closely related to the hypothesised Proto-Indo-European religion, and the pre-Islamic Indo-Iranian religion. The earliest iconic artworks of Shiva may be from Gandhara and northwest parts of ancient India. There is some uncertainty as the artwork that has survived is damaged and they show some overlap with meditative Buddha-related artwork, but the presence of Shiva's trident and phallic symbolism in this art suggests it was likely Shiva. Numismatics research suggests that numerous coins of the ancient Kushan Empire that have survived, were images of a god who is probably Shiva. The Shiva in Kushan coins is referred to as Oesho of unclear etymology and origins, but the simultaneous presence of Indra and Shiva in the Kushan era artwork suggest that they were revered deities by the start of the Kushan Empire.

The texts and artwork of Jainism show Indra as a dancer, although not identical generally resembling the dancing Shiva artwork found in Hinduism, particularly in their respective mudras. For example, in the Jain caves at Ellora, extensive carvings show dancing Indra next to the images of Tirthankaras in a manner similar to Shiva Nataraja. The similarities in the dance iconography suggests that there may be a link between ancient Indra and Shiva.

Rudra's evolution from a minor Vedic deity to a supreme being is first evidenced in the "Shvetashvatara Upanishad" (400–200 BC), according to Gavin Flood. Prior to it, the Upanishadic literature is monistic, and the "Shvetashvatara" text presents the earliest seeds of theistic devotion to Rudra-Shiva. Here Rudra-Shiva is identified as the creator of the cosmos and liberator of souls from the birth-rebirth cycle. The period of 200 BC to 100 AD also marks the beginning of the Shaiva tradition focused on the worship of Shiva as evidenced in other literature of this period. Shaiva devotees and ascetics are mentioned in Patanjali's "Mahābhāṣya" (2nd-century BC) and in the "Mahabharata". Other scholars such as Robert Hume and Doris Srinivasan state that the "Shvetashvatara Upanishad" presents pluralism, pantheism, or henotheism, rather than being a text just on Shiva theism.

Self-realization and Shaiva Upanishads

He who sees himself in all beings,

And all beings in him,

attains the highest Brahman,

not by any other means.

The Shaiva Upanishads are a group of 14 minor Upanishads of Hinduism variously dated from the last centuries of the 1st millennium BCE through the 17th century. These extol Shiva as the metaphysical unchanging reality Brahman and the Atman (soul, self), and include sections about rites and symbolisms related to Shiva.

A few texts such as "Atharvashiras Upanishad" mention Rudra, and assert all gods are Rudra, everyone and everything is Rudra, and Rudra is the principle found in all things, their highest goal, the innermost essence of all reality that is visible or invisible. The "Kaivalya Upanishad" similarly, states Paul Deussen – a German Indologist and professor of philosophy, describes the self-realized man as who "feels himself only as the one divine essence that lives in all", who feels identity of his and everyone's consciousness with Shiva (highest Atman), who has found this highest Atman within, in the depths of his heart.

The Shaiva Puranas, particularly the Shiva Purana and the Linga Purana, present the various aspects of Shiva, mythologies, cosmology and pilgrimage ("Tirtha") associated with him. The Shiva-related Tantra literature, composed between the 8th and 11th centuries, are regarded in devotional dualistic Shaivism as Sruti. Dualistic Shaiva Agamas which consider soul within each living being and Shiva as two separate realities (dualism, "dvaita"), are the foundational texts for Shaiva Siddhanta. Other Shaiva Agamas teach that these are one reality (monism, "advaita"), and that Shiva is the soul, the perfection and truth within each living being. In Shiva related sub-traditions, there are ten dualistic Agama texts, eighteen qualified monism-cum-dualism Agama texts and sixty-four monism Agama texts.

Shiva-related literature developed extensively across India in the 1st millennium CE and through the 13th century, particularly in Kashmir and Tamil Shaiva traditions. The monist Shiva literature posit absolute oneness, that is Shiva is within every man and woman, Shiva is within every living being, Shiva is present everywhere in the world including all non-living being, and there is no spiritual difference between life, matter, man and Shiva. The various dualistic and monist Shiva-related ideas were welcomed in medieval southeast Asia, inspiring numerous Shiva-related temples, artwork and texts in Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia, with syncretic integration of local pre-existing theologies.

See also: Roots of Hinduism

The figure of Shiva as we know him today may be an amalgamation of various older deities into a single figure. How the persona of Shiva converged as a composite deity is not understood, a challenge to trace and has attracted much speculation. According to Vijay Nath, for example:Vishnu and Siva [...] began to absorb countless local cults and deities within their folds. The latter were either taken to represent the multiple facets of the same god or else were supposed to denote different forms and appellations by which the god came to be known and worshipped. [...] Siva became identified with countless local cults by the sheer suffixing of "Isa" or "Isvara" to the name of the local deity, e.g., Bhutesvara, Hatakesvara, Chandesvara."An example of assimilation took place in Maharashtra, where a regional deity named Khandoba is a patron deity of farming and herding castes. The foremost center of worship of Khandoba in Maharashtra is in Jejuri. Khandoba has been assimilated as a form of Shiva himself, in which case he is worshipped in the form of a lingam. Khandoba's varied associations also include an identification with Surya and Karttikeya.

Lingodbhava is a Shaiva sectarian icon where Shiva is depicted rising from the Lingam (an infinite fiery pillar) that narrates how Shiva is the foremost of the Trimurti; Brahma and Vishnu are depicted bowing to Lingodbhava Shiva in the centre.

Main articles: Shaivism and History of Shaivism

Shaivism is one of the four major sects of Hinduism, the others being Vaishnavism, Shaktism and the Smarta Tradition. Followers of Shaivism, called "Shaivas", revere Shiva as the Supreme Being. Shaivas believe that Shiva is All and in all, the creator, preserver, destroyer, revealer and concealer of all that is. He is not only the creator in Shaivism, but he is also the creation that results from him, he is everything and everywhere. Shiva is the primal soul, the pure consciousness and Absolute Reality in the Shaiva traditions.

The Shaivism theology is broadly grouped into two: the popular theology influenced by Shiva-Rudra in the Vedas, Epics and the Puranas; and the esoteric theology influenced by the Shiva and Shakti-related Tantra texts. The Vedic-Brahmanic Shiva theology includes both monist ("Advaita") and devotional traditions ("Dvaita") such as Tamil Shaiva Siddhanta and Lingayatism with temples featuring items such as linga, Shiva-Parvati iconography, bull Nandi within the premises, relief artwork showing mythologies and aspects of Shiva.

The Tantric Shiva tradition ignored the mythologies and Puranas related to Shiva, and depending on the sub-school developed a variety of practices. For example, historical records suggest the tantric Kapalikas (literally, the 'skull-men') co-existed with and shared many Vajrayana Buddhist rituals, engaged in esoteric practices that revered Shiva and Shakti wearing skulls, begged with empty skulls, used meat, alcohol, and sexuality as a part of ritual. In contrast, the esoteric tradition within Kashmir Shaivism has featured the "Krama" and "Trika" sub-traditions. The Krama sub-tradition focussed on esoteric rituals around Shiva-Kali pair. The Trika sub-tradition developed a theology of triads involving Shiva, combined it with an ascetic lifestyle focusing on personal Shiva in the pursuit of monistic self liberation.

The Vaishnava (Vishnu-oriented) literature acknowledges and discusses Shiva. Like Shaiva literature that presents Shiva as supreme, the Vaishnava literature presents Vishnu as supreme. However, both traditions are pluralistic and revere both Shiva and Vishnu (along with Devi), their texts do not show exclusivism, and Vaishnava texts such as the "Bhagavata Purana" while praising Krishna as the Ultimate Reality, also present Shiva and Shakti as a personalized form an equivalent to the same Ultimate Reality. The texts of Shaivism tradition similarly praise Vishnu. The Skanda Purana, for example, states:Vishnu is no one but Shiva, and he who is called Shiva is but identical with Vishnu.

— Mythologies of both traditions include legends about who is superior, about Shiva paying homage to Vishnu, and Vishnu paying homage to Shiva. However, in texts and artwork of either tradition, the mutual salutes are symbolism for complementarity. The Mahabharata declares the unchanging Ultimate Reality (Brahman) to be identical to Shiva and to Vishnu, that Vishnu is the highest manifestation of Shiva, and Shiva is the highest manifestation of Vishnu.

Ardhanarishvara sculpture, Khajuraho, depicting Shiva with goddess Parvati as his equal half. In the Ardhanarisvara concept, the icon is presented as half-man and half woman.
The goddess-oriented Shakti tradition of Hinduism is based on the premise that the Supreme Principle and the Ultimate Reality called Brahman is female (Devi), but it treats the male as her equal and complementary partner. This partner is Shiva.

The earliest evidence of the tradition of reverence for the feminine with Rudra-Shiva context, is found in the Hindu scripture "Rigveda", in a hymn called the Devi Sukta:3. I am ruler, assembler of goods, observer foremost among those deserving the sacrifice.

Me have the gods distributed in many places—so that I have many stations and cause many things to enter (me).

4. Through me he eats food—whoever sees, whoever breathes, whoever hears what is spoken.

Without thinking about it, they live on me. Listen, o you who are listened to: it’s a trustworthy thing I tell you.

5. Just I myself say this, savored by gods and men:

"Whom I love, just him I make formidable, him a formulator, him a seer,

him of good wisdom".

6. I stretch the bow for Rudra, for his arrow to smash the hater of the

sacred formulation.

I make combat for the people. I have entered Heaven and Earth.

7. I give birth to Father (Heaven) on his (own) head [Agni]; my womb is in the waters, in the sea.

Thence I spread forth across all worlds, and yonder heaven with its height I touch.

8. I, just like the wind, blow forth, grasping at all worlds,

beyond heaven, beyond this earth here—of such size in my greatness

have I come into being.

— The "Devi Upanishad" in its explanation of the theology of Shaktism, mentions and praises Shiva such as in its verse 19. Shiva, along with Vishnu, is a revered god in the "Devi Mahatmya", a text of Shaktism considered by the tradition to be as important as the "Bhagavad Gita". The Ardhanarisvara concept co-mingles god Shiva and goddess Shakti by presenting an icon that is half-man and half woman, a representation and theme of union found in many Hindu texts and temples.

Main article: Panchayatana puja
Oleograph by Raja Ravi Varma depicting a Shiva-centric Panchayatana. A bearded Shiva sits in the centre with his wife Parvati and their infant son Ganesha; surrounded by (clockwise from left upper corner) Ganesha, Devi, Vishnu, and Surya. Shiva's mount is the bull Nandi below Shiva.
In the Smarta tradition of Hinduism, Shiva is a part of its Panchayatana puja. This practice consists of the use of icons or anicons of five deities considered equivalent, set in a quincunx pattern. Shiva is one of the five deities, others being Vishnu, Devi (such as Parvati), Surya and Ganesha or Skanda or any personal god of devotee's preference (Ishta Devata).

Philosophically, the Smarta tradition emphasizes that all idols (murti) are icons to help focus on and visualize aspects of Brahman, rather than distinct beings. The ultimate goal in this practice is to transition past the use of icons, recognize the Absolute symbolized by the icons, on the path to realizing the nondual identity of one's Atman (soul, self) and the Brahman. Popularized by Adi Shankara, many Panchayatana mandalas and temples have been uncovered that are from the Gupta Empire period, and one Panchayatana set from the village of Nand (about 24 kilometers from Ajmer) has been dated to belong to the Kushan Empire era (pre-300 CE). The Kushan period set includes Shiva, Vishnu, Surya, Brahma and one deity whose identity is unclear.

Adiyogi Shiva statue, recognized by the "Guinness World Records" as the "Largest Bust Sculpture” in the world; the statue is for inspiring and promoting yoga, and is named "Adiyogi", which means "the first yogi", because Shiva is known as the originator of yoga.

Shiva is considered the Great Yogi who is totally absorbed in himself – the transcendental reality. He is the Lord of Yogis, and the teacher of Yoga to sages. As Shiva Dakshinamurthi, states Stella Kramrisch, he is the supreme guru who "teaches in silence the oneness of one's innermost self ("atman") with the ultimate reality ("brahman")."

The theory and practice of Yoga, in different styles, has been a part of all major traditions of Hinduism, and Shiva has been the patron or spokesperson in numerous Hindu Yoga texts. These contain the philosophy and techniques for Yoga. These ideas are estimated to be from or after the late centuries of the 1st millennium CE, and have survived as Yoga texts such as the "Isvara Gita" (literally, 'Shiva's song'), which Andrew Nicholson – a professor of Hinduism and Indian Intellectual History – states have had "a profound and lasting influence on the development of Hinduism".

Other famed Shiva-related texts influenced Hatha Yoga, integrated monistic ("Advaita Vedanta") ideas with Yoga philosophy and inspired the theoretical development of Indian classical dance. These include the "Shiva Sutras", the "Shiva Samhita", and those by the scholars of Kashmir Shaivism such as the 10th-century scholar Abhinavagupta. Abhinavagupta writes in his notes on the relevance of ideas related to Shiva and Yoga, by stating that "people, occupied as they are with their own affairs, normally do nothing for others", and Shiva and Yoga spirituality helps one look beyond, understand interconnectedness, and thus benefit both the individual and the world towards a more blissful state of existence.

Main article: Trimurti
An art depiction of the Trimurti, with Shiva depicted on the right, at the Hoysaleswara temple in Halebidu.
The Trimurti is a concept in Hinduism in which the cosmic functions of creation, maintenance, and destruction are personified by the forms of Brahma the creator, Vishnu the maintainer or preserver and Shiva the destroyer or transformer. These three deities have been called "the Hindu triad" or the "Great Trinity". However, the ancient and medieval texts of Hinduism feature many triads of gods and goddesses, some of which do not include Shiva.

Shiva with Parvati. Shiva is depicted three-eyed, the Ganges flowing through his matted hair, wearing ornaments of serpents and a skull garland, covered in ashes, and seated on a tiger skin
A seated Shiva holds an axe and deer in his hands.


According to Gavin Flood, "Shiva is a god of ambiguity and paradox," whose attributes include opposing themes. The ambivalent nature of this deity is apparent in some of his names and the stories told about him.

Shiva is represented in his many aspects. Left: Bhairava icon of the fierce form of Shiva, from 17th/18th century Nepal; Right: Shiva as a meditating yogi in Rishikesh.

In Yajurveda, two contrary sets of attributes for both malignant or terrifying (Sanskrit: 'rudra') and benign or auspicious (Sanskrit: 'śiva') forms can be found, leading Chakravarti to conclude that "all the basic elements which created the complex Rudra-Śiva sect of later ages are to be found here". In the Mahabharata, Shiva is depicted as "the standard of invincibility, might, and terror", as well as a figure of honor, delight, and brilliance.

The duality of Shiva's fearful and auspicious attributes appears in contrasted names. The name Rudra reflects Shiva's fearsome aspects. According to traditional etymologies, the Sanskrit name "Rudra" is derived from the root "rud-", which means "to cry, howl". Stella Kramrisch notes a different etymology connected with the adjectival form "raudra", which means "wild, of "rudra" nature", and translates the name "Rudra" as "the wild one" or "the fierce god". R. K. Sharma follows this alternate etymology and translates the name as "terrible". Hara is an important name that occurs three times in the Anushasanaparvan version of the "Shiva sahasranama", where it is translated in different ways each time it occurs, following a commentorial tradition of not repeating an interpretation. Sharma translates the three as "one who captivates", "one who consolidates", and "one who destroys". Kramrisch translates it as "the ravisher". Another of Shiva's fearsome forms is as "Kāla" "time" and "Mahākāla" "great time", which ultimately destroys all things. The name "Kāla" appears in the "Shiva Sahasranama", where it is translated by Ram Karan Sharma as "(the Supreme Lord of) Time". Bhairava "terrible" or "frightful" is a fierce form associated with annihilation. In contrast, the name "Śaṇkara", "beneficent" or "conferring happiness" reflects his benign form. This name was adopted by the great Vedanta philosopher Adi Shankara (c. 788–820), who is also known as Shankaracharya. The name "Śambhu" (Sanskrit: शम्भु swam-on its own; bhu-burn/shine) "self-shining/ shining on its own", also reflects this benign aspect.

Shiva is depicted both as an ascetic yogi, and as a householder with goddess Parvati.
Shiva is depicted as both an ascetic yogi and as a householder (grihasta), roles which have been traditionally mutually exclusive in Hindu society. When depicted as a yogi, he may be shown sitting and meditating. His epithet Mahāyogi ("the great Yogi: 'Mahā' = "great", "Yogi" = "one who practices Yoga") refers to his association with yoga. While Vedic religion was conceived mainly in terms of sacrifice, it was during the Epic period that the concepts of tapas, yoga, and asceticism became more important, and the depiction of Shiva as an ascetic sitting in philosophical isolation reflects these later concepts.

As a family man and householder, he has a wife, Parvati and two sons, Ganesha and Kartikeya. His epithet "Umāpati" ("The husband of "Umā"") refers to this idea, and Sharma notes that two other variants of this name that mean the same thing, "Umākānta" and "Umādhava", also appear in the "sahasranama". "Umā" in epic literature is known by many names, including the benign "Pārvatī". She is identified with Devi, the Divine Mother; Shakti (divine energy) as well as goddesses like Tripura Sundari, Durga, Kali, Kamakshi and Minakshi. The consorts of Shiva are the source of his creative energy. They represent the dynamic extension of Shiva onto this universe. His son Ganesha is worshipped throughout India and Nepal as the Remover of Obstacles, Lord of Beginnings and Lord of Obstacles. Kartikeya is worshipped in South India (especially in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka) by the names Subrahmanya, Subrahmanyan, Shanmughan, Swaminathan and Murugan, and in Northern India by the names Skanda, Kumara, or Karttikeya.

Some regional deities are also identified as Shiva's children. As one story goes, Shiva is enticed by the beauty and charm of Mohini, Vishnu's female avatar, and procreates with her. As a result of this union, Shasta – identified with regional deities Ayyappan and Aiyanar – is born. In outskirts of Ernakulam in Kerala, a deity named Vishnumaya is stated to be offspring of Shiva and invoked in local exorcism rites, but this deity is not traceable in Hindu pantheon and is possibly a local tradition with "vaguely Chinese" style rituals, states Saletore. In some traditions, Shiva has daughters like the serpent-goddess Manasa and Ashokasundari. According to Doniger, two regional stories depict demons Andhaka and Jalandhara as the children of Shiva who war with him, and are later destroyed by Shiva.

Chola dynasty statue depicting Shiva dancing as Nataraja (Los Angeles County Museum of Art).
The depiction of Shiva as Nataraja (Sanskrit: 'naṭarāja', "Lord of Dance") is popular. The names Nartaka ("dancer") and Nityanarta ("eternal dancer") appear in the Shiva Sahasranama. His association with dance and also with music is prominent in the Puranic period. In addition to the specific iconographic form known as Nataraja, various other types of dancing forms (Sanskrit: 'nṛtyamūrti') are found in all parts of India, with many well-defined varieties in Tamil Nadu in particular. The two most common forms of the dance are the Tandava, which later came to denote the powerful and masculine dance as Kala-Mahakala associated with the destruction of the world. When it requires the world or universe to be destroyed, Shiva does it by the Tandava, and Lasya, which is graceful and delicate and expresses emotions on a gentle level and is considered the feminine dance attributed to the goddess Parvati. "Lasya" is regarded as the female counterpart of "Tandava". The "Tandava"-"Lasya" dances are associated with the destruction-creation of the world.

Dakshinamurthy "("Dakṣiṇāmūrti")" literally describes a form ('mūrti') of Shiva facing south ('dakṣiṇa'). This form represents Shiva in his aspect as a teacher of yoga, music, and wisdom and giving exposition on the "shastras". This iconographic form for depicting Shiva in Indian art is mostly from Tamil Nadu. Elements of this motif can include Shiva seated upon a deer-throne and surrounded by sages who are receiving his instruction.

An iconographic representation of Shiva called Ardhanarishvara ('Ardhanārīśvara') shows him with one half of the body as male and the other half as female. According to Ellen Goldberg, the traditional Sanskrit name for this form is best translated as "the lord who is half woman", not as "half-man, half-woman".

Shiva is often depicted as an archer in the act of destroying the triple fortresses, "Tripura", of the Asuras. Shiva's name Tripurantaka ('Tripurāntaka'), "ender of Tripura", refers to this important story.
Shiva Lingam with tripundra.

Main article: Lingam

Apart from anthropomorphic images of Shiva, he is also represented in aniconic form of a lingam. These are depicted in various designs. One common form is the shape of a vertical rounded column in the centre of a lipped, disk-shaped object, the "yoni", symbolism for the goddess Shakti. In Shiva temples, the "linga" is typically present in its sanctum sanctorum and is the focus of votary offerings such as milk, water, flower petals, fruit, fresh leaves, and rice. According to Monier Williams and Yudit Greenberg, "linga" literally means 'mark, sign or emblem', and also refers to a "mark or sign from which the existence of something else can be reliably inferred". It implies the regenerative divine energy innate in nature, symbolized by Shiva. Some scholars, such as Wendy Doniger, view "linga" merely as an erotic phallic symbol, although this interpretation is criticized by others, including Swami Vivekananda, Sivananda Saraswati, and S. N. Balagangadhara. According to Moriz Winternitz, the "linga" in the Shiva tradition is "only a symbol of the productive and creative principle of nature as embodied in Shiva", and it has no historical trace in any obscene phallic cult.

The worship of the lingam originated from the famous hymn in the "Atharva-Veda Samhitâ" sung in praise of the "Yupa-Stambha", the sacrificial post. In that hymn, a description is found of the beginningless and endless "Stambha" or "Skambha", and it is shown that the said "Skambha" is put in place of the eternal Brahman. Just as the Yajna (sacrificial) fire, its smoke, ashes, and flames, the "Soma" plant, and the ox that used to carry on its back the wood for the Vedic sacrifice gave place to the conceptions of the brightness of Shiva's body, his tawny matted hair, his blue throat, and the riding on the bull of the Shiva, the "Yupa-Skambha" gave place in time to the "Shiva-Linga". In the text "Linga Purana", the same hymn is expanded in the shape of stories, meant to establish the glory of the great Stambha and the superiority of Shiva as Mahadeva.

The oldest known archaeological "linga" as an icon of Shiva is the Gudimallam lingam from 3rd-century BCE. In Shaivism pilgrimage tradition, twelve major temples of Shiva are called Jyotirlinga, which means "linga of light", and these are located across India.

The 10th century five headed Shiva, Sadashiva, Cambodia.
Five is a sacred number for Shiva. One of his most important mantras has five syllables ("namaḥ śivāya").

Shiva's body is said to consist of five mantras, called the "pañcabrahmans". As forms of God, each of these have their own names and distinct iconography:

These are represented as the five faces of Shiva and are associated in various texts with the five elements, the five senses, the five organs of perception, and the five organs of action. Doctrinal differences and, possibly, errors in transmission, have resulted in some differences between texts in details of how these five forms are linked with various attributes. The overall meaning of these associations is summarized by Stella Kramrisch:Through these transcendent categories, Śiva, the ultimate reality, becomes the efficient and material cause of all that exists.According to the "Pañcabrahma Upanishad":One should know all things of the phenomenal world as of a fivefold character, for the reason that the eternal verity of "Śiva" is of the character of the fivefold Brahman. ("Pañcabrahma Upanishad" 31)

Puranic scriptures contain occasional references to "ansh" – literally 'portion, or avatars of Shiva', but the idea of Shiva avatars is not universally accepted in Saivism. The Linga Purana mentions twenty-eight forms of Shiva which are sometimes seen as avatars, however such mention is unusual and the avatars of Shiva is relatively rare in Shaivism compared to the well emphasized concept of Vishnu avatars in Vaishnavism. Some Vaishnava literature reverentially link Shiva to characters in its mythologies. For example, in the "Hanuman Chalisa", Hanuman is identified as the eleventh avatar of Shiva. The "Bhagavata Purana" and the "Vishnu Purana" claim sage Durvasa to be a portion of Shiva. Some medieval era writers have called the Advaita Vedanta philosopher Adi Shankara an incarnation of Shiva.

Main article: Maha Shivaratri

Maha Sivaratri festival is observed in the night, usually in lighted temples or special "prabha" (above).

There is a "Shivaratri" in every lunar month on its 13th night/14th day, but once a year in late winter (February/March) and before the arrival of spring, marks "Maha Shivaratri" which means "the Great Night of Shiva".

Maha Shivaratri is a major Hindu festival, but one that is solemn and theologically marks a remembrance of "overcoming darkness and ignorance" in life and the world, and meditation about the polarities of existence, of Shiva and a devotion to humankind. It is observed by reciting Shiva-related poems, chanting prayers, remembering Shiva, fasting, doing Yoga and meditating on ethics and virtues such as self-restraint, honesty, noninjury to others, forgiveness, introspection, self-repentance and the discovery of Shiva. The ardent devotees keep awake all night. Others visit one of the Shiva temples or go on pilgrimage to Jyotirlingam shrines. Those who visit temples, offer milk, fruits, flowers, fresh leaves and sweets to the lingam. Some communities organize special dance events, to mark Shiva as the lord of dance, with individual and group performances. According to Jones and Ryan, Maha Sivaratri is an ancient Hindu festival which probably originated around the 5th-century.

Another major festival involving Shiva worship is Kartik Purnima, commemorating Shiva's victory on the demons Tripurasura. Across India, various Shiva temples are illuminated throughout the night. Shiva icons are carried in procession in some places.

Thiruvathira is a festival observed in Kerala dedicated to Shiva. It is believed that on this day, Parvathi met Lord Shiva after her long penance and Lord Shiva took her as his wife. On this day Hindu women performs the Thiruvathirakali accompanied by Thiruvathira paattu (folk songs about Parvati and her longing and penance for Lord Shiva's affection).

Regional festivals dedicated to Shiva include the Chittirai festival in Madurai around April/May, one of the largest festivals in South India, celebrating the wedding of Minakshi (Parvati) and Shiva. The festival is one where both the Vaishnava and Shaiva communities join the celebrations, because Vishnu gives away his sister Minakshi in marriage to Shiva.

Some Shaktism-related festivals revere Shiva along with the goddess considered primary and Supreme. These include festivals dedicated to Annapurna such as "Annakuta" and those related to Durga. In Himalayan regions such as Nepal, as well as in northern, central and western India, the festival of Teej is celebrated by girls and women in the monsoon season, in honor of goddess Parvati, with group singing, dancing and by offering prayers in Parvati-Shiva temples.

The ascetic, Vedic and Tantric sub-traditions related to Shiva, such as those that became ascetic warriors during the Islamic rule period of India, celebrate the Kumbha Mela festival. This festival cycles every 12 years, in four pilgrimage sites within India, with the event moving to the next site after a gap of three years. The biggest is in Prayaga (renamed Allahabad during the Mughal rule era), where millions of Hindus of different traditions gather at the confluence of rivers Ganges and Yamuna. In the Hindu tradition, the Shiva-linked ascetic warriors ("Nagas") get the honor of starting the event by entering the "Sangam" first for bathing and prayers.

Shiva has been adopted and merged with Buddhist deities. Left: Daikokuten is a Shiva-Ōkuninushi fusion deity in Japan; Right: Acala is a fierce Shiva adaptation.
The statue of Shiva engaging in the Nataraja dance at the campus of European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in Geneva, Switzerland.
In Shaivism of Indonesia, the popular name for Shiva has been "Batara Guru", which is derived from Sanskrit "Bhattaraka" which means "noble lord". He is conceptualized as a kind spiritual teacher, the first of all Gurus in Indonesian Hindu texts, mirroring the Dakshinamurti aspect of Shiva in the Indian subcontinent. However, the Batara Guru has more aspects than the Indian Shiva, as the Indonesian Hindus blended their spirits and heroes with him. Batara Guru's wife in southeast Asia is the same Hindu deity Durga, who has been popular since ancient times, and she too has a complex character with benevolent and fierce manifestations, each visualized with different names such as Uma, Sri, Kali and others. Shiva has been called Sadasiva, Paramasiva, Mahadeva in benevolent forms, and Kala, Bhairava, Mahakala in his fierce forms. The Indonesian Hindu texts present the same philosophical diversity of Shaivism traditions found on the subcontinent. However, among the texts that have survived into the contemporary era, the more common are of those of Shaiva Siddhanta (locally also called Siwa Siddhanta, Sridanta).

In the pre-Islamic period on the island of Java, Shaivism and Buddhism were considered very close and allied religions, though not identical religions. The medieval era Indonesian literature equates Buddha with Siwa (Shiva) and Janardana (Vishnu). This tradition continues in predominantly Hindu Bali Indonesia in the modern era, where Buddha is considered the younger brother of Shiva.

The worship of Shiva became popular in Central Asia through the Hephthalite Empire, and Kushan Empire. Shaivism was also popular in Sogdia and the Kingdom of Yutian as found from the wall painting from Penjikent on the river Zervashan. In this depiction, Shiva is portrayed with a sacred halo and a sacred thread ("Yajnopavita"). He is clad in tiger skin while his attendants are wearing Sogdian dress. A panel from Dandan Oilik shows Shiva in His Trimurti form with Shakti kneeling on her right thigh. Another site in the Taklamakan Desert depicts him with four legs, seated cross-legged on a cushioned seat supported by two bulls. It is also noted that Zoroastrian wind god Vayu-Vata took on the iconographic appearance of Shiva.

Daikokuten, one of the Seven Lucky Gods in Japan, is considered to be evolved from Shiva. The god enjoys an exalted position as a household deity in Japan and is worshipped as the god of wealth and fortune. The name is the Japanese equivalent of Mahākāla, the Buddhist name for Shiva. Shiva is also mentioned in Buddhist Tantra. Shiva as "Upaya" and Shakti as "Prajna". In cosmologies of Buddhist tantra, Shiva is depicted as passive, with Shakti being his active counterpart. In Mahayana Buddhist cosmology, Shiva resides in Akaniṣṭha, highest of Śuddhāvāsa (Pure Abodes) where Anāgāmi ("Non-returners") who are already on the path to Arhat-hood and who will attain enlightenment are born in.

The Japuji Sahib of the Guru Granth Sahib says, "The Guru is Shiva, the Guru is Vishnu and Brahma; the Guru is Paarvati and Lakhshmi." In the same chapter, it also says, "Shiva speaks, and the Siddhas listen." In Dasam Granth, Guru Gobind Singh has mentioned two avtars of Rudra: Dattatreya Avtar and Parasnath Avtar.

Sagar Shiv Mandir in Mauritius
In contemporary culture, Shiva is depicted in films, books, tattoos and art. He has been referred to as "the god of cool things" and a "bonafide rock hero".

Popular films include the Gujarati language movie "Har Har Mahadev", the Kannada movie "Gange Gowri" and well-known books include Amish Tripathi's "Shiva Trilogy", which has sold over a million copies. On television, "Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev", a television serial about Lord Shiva on the Life OK channel was among the most watched shows at its peak popularity. A 90's television series of DD National titled Om Namah Shivay was also based on legends of Lord Shiva.

In the "Final Fantasy" videogame series, Shiva is often depicted as a benevolent ancient being of Ice Element who frequently aids the heroes against mighty foes (via summoning). Shiva is also a character in the video game "Dark Souls", with the name Shiva of the East.

In Shuumatsu no Valkyrie (Record of Ragnarok), Shiva is the representative of the gods in the 5th round of Ragnarok.

Aarti of Shiva BhaktiSansar.in Viewed on 2020-08-01.

ASCII art

ASCII art is art made out of ASCII characters. This can be simple art like "<3" (it looks almost like a heart if you turn your head sideways), or it can be more complex, with characters carefully placed out, containing many lines of characters. 
ASCII art was originally used to "draw" pictures on computers that only allowed ASCII characters. 
Smilies are considered ASCII art. 

ASCII art was invented because in the past, computers could only display simple characters in a format known as ASCII. This meant that computers could only display text. People started making art with ASCII characters to display an "image". Examples are: 

codice_1 

codice_2 

They can also be more complicated 

Riddle

A riddle can be classed as a statement with a solution. This solution, however, need not be logical. Solving riddles usually involve thinking about the question and putting it into context. 


Novalis

Novalis is the pseudonym of Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg (May 2, 1772 – March 25, 1801), who was a writer and philosopher of the early German Romanticism.

Body piercing

Body piercing or just piercing is a form of body modification, where humans of either gender pierce their skin to put jewellery through the hole later. There are many different reasons some people have piercings, such as religious or other cultural purposes. Many people, especially in North America and Europe, choose to be pierced for ornamental, or sexual pleasure.

In early records, it was not common to discuss the use of piercings or their meanings. However, body adornment and modification are estimated have been around for more than 5000 years, found in mummies like Ötzi the Iceman, Europe's oldest natural mummy estimated to be about 5,300 years old. Piercing of the ears, nose, and tongue have a long history in many ancient cultures, and lip piercing and stretching were more common in African tribes, especially for cultural identification.

Body piercings of any kind were not popular in Western cultures in the beginning of the 20th century. After World War II, the gay subculture used piercings as a fashion statement. Other subcultures, such as "hippie" and the punk movement, also began to use piercings as a form of expression in the 1960s and 1970s. Genital piercing is becoming more common. Sometimes people get genital piercings to create interest or attract attention. Some types of genital piercing are supposed to increase sexual pleasure. For males, one type of penis piercing is called an Ampallang.

Physical

Physical can mean:

Elonka Dunin

Elonka Dunin (; born December 29, 1958) is an American video game developer. Her job is to make computer games at Simutronics Corporation, in Missouri. She also knows a lot about famous puzzles, especially a puzzle called Kryptos, which no one knows all the answers to yet.

In 2006, she wrote a book with hundreds of puzzles in it, called "The Mammoth Book of Secret Codes and Cryptograms".


Supernova

A supernova is the explosion of a giant star. It usually happens when the nuclear fusion in the star cannot hold the core against its own gravity. The core collapses, and then explodes. 

The biggest stars that make supernovae are hypergiants and smaller ones are supergiants. They are massive: because of gravity, they use up their energy very quickly. Normally they only live for a few million years. 

During the explosion, the total energy radiated by supernovae may briefly outshine the entire output of a galaxy. They emit energy equal to that of the whole lifetime of a solar-like star. The explosion blows off its stellar material away from the star, at velocities up to 30,000 km/s or 10% of the speed of light. This drives a shock wave into the surrounding interstellar medium. This sweeps up an expanding shell of gas and dust, which we see as a supernova remnant. After exploding, what is left becomes a black hole or a neutron star. 

Most stars are small and do not explode. After their red giant phase, they become colder and smaller and become white dwarf stars.

Supernova explosions happen rarely. The last time people saw a supernova in our own galaxy, the Milky Way, was in the year 1604. We can see supernovas in other galaxies too. Every year we see 300 supernovas in other galaxies, because there are so many galaxies. Sometimes they are brighter than the whole rest of the galaxy.

Supernovas are usually sorted into Type I and Type II supernovas.

Type I supernovas have absorption lines that show they do not have hydrogen in them. Type Ia supernovas are very bright for a short amount of time. Then they get less bright very quickly. Type Ia supernovas happen when a white dwarf star is orbiting a big star. Sometimes, the white dwarf star sucks matter off of the big star. When the white dwarf eventually gets to be about 1.4 times the mass of the sun, it collapses. This makes lots of energy and light, which is why supernovas are very bright. Type 1a have mostly the same brightness. This allows them to be used as a secondary standard candle to measure the distance to their host galaxies.

Type II supernovas have absorption lines that show they do have hydrogen in them. A star must have at least 8 times, and no more than 40–50 times, the mass of the Sun to undergo this type of explosion.

In a star like the Sun, nuclear fusion turns hydrogen into helium. In very large stars, helium gets turned into carbon, then oxygen, and so on. The star fuses increasingly higher mass elements, up through the periodic table until a core of iron and nickel is produced. Fusion of iron or nickel produces no net energy output, so no more fusion can take place. When the energy released from the fusion process fades it cannot counteract gravitational collapse. The collapse of the core is so rapid (about 23% of the speed of light) that a huge shock wave is produced. The extremely high temperature and pressure lasts long enough for a brief moment when the elements heavier than iron are produced. Depending on initial size of the star, the remnants of the core form a neutron star or a black hole.

Without supernovas there would be no life on Earth. This is because many of the chemical elements were made in supernova explosions. These are called "heavy elements". Heavy elements are needed to make living things. The supernova is the only natural way heavy elements can be made. Other elements were made by fusion in stars. Heavy elements need very high temperature and pressure to form. In a macho supernova explosion the temperature and pressure are so high that heavy elements can be made. Scientists call this "supernova nucleosynthesis".

It could be dangerous if a supernova explosion happened very close to the Earth. The explosion is very big and many kinds of dangerous radiation are formed. But we do not have to be afraid. Only very big stars can explode as supernovas. There are no stars big enough near the Earth and if there was it would take millions of years for it to happen.

SN 1572 was seen by Tycho Brahe. This supernova helped astronomers learn that things in space could change. SN 1604 was seen by Johannes Kepler. It was the last supernova close enough to be seen from Earth's northern hemisphere without a telescope. SN 1987A is the only supernova so close that scientists could find neutrinos from it. SN 1987A was also bright enough to see without a telescope. People in the southern hemisphere saw it.

The Earth does have traces of past supernovae. Traces of radioactive iron-60, a strong indicator of supernova debris, is buried in the sea floor right across the globe. 

The "local bubble" is a ballooning region of hot gas, 600 light-years across. It surrounds the Solar System and dominates our stellar neighbourhood. It was formed by over a dozen supernovae blowing up in a nearby moving clump of stars. This happened between 2.3 million and 1.5 million years ago. This roughly corresponds with the start of the Pleistocene ice ages. The connection may be accidental.



Folk

Folk can mean:


In music:

Victorian

Victorian may mean:

Bethlehem

Bethlehem is a Palestinian city on the West Bank. It is most famous as the place where Jesus was born. (See Gospel of Matthew chapter 2.) It is five miles from Jerusalem in Israel.

Disco

Disco is a style of music that was most popular from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s, featuring African-American and Latino musicians and audiences, and in private dance parties thrown in the underground gay community of New York. People usually dance to disco music at bars called disco clubs. The word "disco" is also used to refer to the style of dancing that people do to disco music, or to the style of clothes that people wear to go disco dancing. Disco music was an up-tempo form of music which included elements of soul, funk and Latin music. It had a strong beat meant for dancing, a steady four-on-the-floor rhythm, and a big bass line, and orchestral instrumentation often included string sections. Disco is dance music too.

Disco was at its most popular in the United States and Europe in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Disco was brought into the mainstream by the hit movie "Saturday Night Fever," which was released in 1977. This movie, which starred John Travolta, showed people doing disco dancing. Many radio stations played disco in the late 1970s. By the early 1980s, disco had started to fall out of popularity, and other genres, such as dance, Hi-NRG and post-disco grew in popularity. Nevertheless, disco still exerts an influence on modern day dance music, and still has occasional moments of popularity. Additionally, a different form of disco arose in Europe, known as Euro disco, which obtained some popularity.

Disco music blends R&B with funk, soul and dance music. Disco music usually consists of a singer, electric guitars, synthesizer keyboards, electric bass guitar, and a drummer or electronic drum machine. Disco music is often very simple music, with a strong beat and a strong "bass line". Disco music often has many electronic effects.

Disco dancing is often sexually suggestive. When people go disco dancing, they usually wear tight trousers, leather shoes or boots, and glittery clothes. Women going disco dancing often wore tight clothes that revealed body parts such as their thighs or the upper part of their chest. Men going disco dancing often opened up the buttons of their shirts to show the upper part of their chest.

Disco music is played at disco clubs. In the late 1970s, there were famous disco clubs such as Studio 54 in New York City. Disco clubs have a large dance floor and a large pa system. A Disk Jockey (or "DJ") plays records of disco music through powerful amplifiers with a number of high wattage speakers. Disco music was usually played very loud, with lots of low bass frequencies. Disco clubs usually had coloured lights that flashed with the music called scanners, and mirror balls with hundreds of small mirrors, that reflect light onto the dancers and all corners of the room.

Most people who went disco dancing at disco clubs drank alcohol such as champagne and rum. Many people consumed illegal drugs such as cocaine or marijuana, so that they would become intoxicated. People who went disco dancing often had sex with people that they would meet at the disco club.



Albert II, Prince of Monaco

Albert II (born 14 March 1958), is the current Sovereign Prince of Monaco. He became ruler after his father Prince Ranier III died in April 2005. He is the only son and the middle of three children of Rainer and his wife, Grace Kelly.

Prince Albert and his wife, Charlene, had twins:

On 19 March 2020, amid the large-scale outbreak of COVID-19, it was officially announced that Albert II had tested positive. This made Albert II the first monarch and head of state to have tested positive for COVID-19. On 31 March, it was announced that he had made a full recovery.


<centre></centre>

Rex Warner

Rex Warner (birth name Reginald Ernest Walker; 9 March 1905 – 24 June 1986) was a classical English writer and translator.

Hugh Cook

Hugh Cook (born 1942) is a Canadian writer.


Franz Boas

Franz Boas (July 9, 1858 – December 21, 1942) was a German-born American anthropologist. He is considered by many to have been the 'Father of American Anthropology.' While today archaeology, cultural anthropology, linguistics, and Biological anthropology are often considered somewhat separate areas of study in anthropology, Boas used each of these fields to address research questions.

Boas was born in Prussia, or modern-day Germany, to wealthy, well-educated Jewish parents. In an effort to expose him to the values of the Enlightenment, Boas's parents enrolled in a very strong early education. During his primary school years, Boas explored the field of natural history, and as he moved on to secondary school he conducted research on the natural range of plants.

Franz Boas attended Heidelberg University for one semester, before transferring to Bonn University where he studied mathematics, physics, and geography. He received a doctorate in physics in 1881 from the University of Kiel. Today, Boas' doctorate would be closer to a degree in geography than physics.

Boas continued to study geography and eventually did fieldwork in Baffin Island, Canada with the native Inuit there. He first travelled to Baffin Island in 1883 to study the role of the environment in Inuit migrations. He published his findings in 1888 in "The Central Eskimo"

Boas returned to Germany for a time, but due to rising antisemitism, he decided to move to the United States. He worked as an editor for "Science" and as a teacher of anthropology at Clark University. He left the university in 1892 and shortly after went north to collect field-based material for the 1893 World's Colombian Exposition. After the exposition, the material was given to the Field Museum in Chicago, where Boas became the curator of anthropology. During this time Boas became involved in the Fin de Siècle debates. It was here he argued that anthropology should be different from the natural sciences and how they apply universal laws. He also began the groundwork that would grow into historical particularism: the idea that every aspect of a culture has a unique and relevant history.

Boas eventually settled at the University of Columbia in 1896. There, he created the first PhD program for anthropology in the United States. At Columbia, he taught some of his most famous students, including Alfred Kroeber, Ruth Benedict, Margaret Mead, Edward Sapir, and Zora Neale Hurston.

Franz Boas was censored by the American Anthropological Association (AAA) in December 1919 for a publication he wrote denouncing anthropologists who became involved with the war effort during the First World War. This persisted for the remainder of his life, not being reversed until 2005. He was very critical of Nazism as well as critical of the radical the war effort in the United States. Boas was also involved with combating racism. In 1963 Thomas Gossett claimed that "It is possible that Boas did more to combat race prejudice than any other person in history." Franz Boas died of a stroke on December 21, 1942.  According to legend he died in the arms of none other than Claude Levi-Strauss.

Franz Boas is often credited with the development of 'historical particularism', as well as 'cultural relativism.' Boas was a founding member of the American Anthropology Association (AAA) and served as one of the organization's first vice presidents.

Franz Boas is often credited with the development of several concepts in anthropology including 'historical particularism', 'cultural relativism', and ‘cultural determinism’. He argued culture played a significant role in human behavior and that cultures should be studied on their own terms, considering the specific and unique histories at hand. In general, the school of thought associated with Franz Boas, often referred to as "Boasian anthropology," emphasized the importance of multi-approach, context-based methods to understanding human societies. His theories laid the foundation for modern cultural anthropology. 

Although Boas was commonly known as the “Father of Anthropology” it is also important to recognize that other anthropologists like George Hunt, Zora Neale Hurston, Ella Deloria, Francis La Flesche, and Anténor Firmin either worked with him, did similar work before him, or worked under his guidance and are not equally given the credit of this title.

Zapotec peoples

The Zapotec are a native tribe of people from Mexico. People think there are between 300.000 and 400.000 people. Most of them live in the state of Oaxaca. Most of them speak either Zapotec languages or the Chatino language. Before Christopher Columbus came to America, the Zapotec civilisation was highly developed. It also included a system of writing. 



IMAX

IMAX is a kind of movie projection system, which shows movies on a very large screen. It was first introduced in Japan in 1970.


Esotericism

Esotericism is about secret knowledge for a small group of people. Esotericism also describes mystical, spiritual or occult points of view. Esotericism studies Gnosticism, Yoga, Alchemy, Magic, Spiritualism, Hypnosis, Astrology, Meditation, Mysticism, and Occultism. Many followers of Abrahamic faiths, particularly Christianity and Islam, have criticized Esotericism as black magic. Esotericism in religion is called "obscurantism".

Esotericism can also be about understanding symbolism and hidden meanings of many different books. They include religious books, philosophy books and books about history. They use these books as their texts.


Hugh Cook (science fiction author)

Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook (9 August 1956 – 8 November 2008) was a science fiction author. Cook was born in Essex, England, and moved to New Zealand. He moved to Japan in 1997.

Jainism

Jainism is a religion originated in India.It that teaches that "all the events in the universe are self-caused, random, fixed and are independent of previous events or external causes or god": Jain philosophy is the oldest philosophy of India that distinguishes body (matter) from the soul (awareness) completely. It teaches that the universe is eternal and that every living being has a soul which has the power to become all-knowing (observer of all the random events). A soul which has won over its inner enemies like attachment, greed, pride, etc. is called "jina" which means conqueror or victor (over ignorance). The holy book of Jainism is Pravachansara.


Sect

A sect is a small religious or political group that separates from a larger group. Sects have many of the same beliefs and practices as the original group, but often have some different doctrines. In contrast, a denomination is a large religious group. 


Caracal

The caracal ("Caracal caracal"), also called Persian lynx or African lynx, is a wild cat. Caracals are similar to lynxes, but are more related to the serval. Caracals are the fastest of the small cats.

The Caracal is 65 cm in length (about 2 feet), plus 30 cm tail (about 1 foot). It has longer legs and a look very similar to a lynx. The colour of its fur may be wine-red, grey, black, or sand-coloured (a type of yellow). Young caracals have red spots on the fur, but the only markings adults have are black spots above the eyes. A special part of the caracal body are its long black ears - the word "caracal" come from the Turkish word "karakulak" ("black ear"). Their ears are controlled by 20 different muscles, to help them find the animals they hunt.

Caracals live in Africa and Western Asia. Their habitat is dry steppes (areas without trees, covered with grass or shrubs) and semi-deserts, but also can live in places similar to woodlands, savannas, and scrub forests. They live alone or with a mate in a territory.

A caracal may live without drinking for a long time - they get the water from the body of the animals they eat. It hunts at night (but in winter they also hunt in the daytime) for rodents, birds, and hares. It is not usual, but sometimes they hunt small antelopes or young ostriches. They prefer to eat only the external meat of the mammals they hunt, and do not eat the internal organs, and they also do not like eating fur. But they eat the feathers of small birds and rotten meat.

They can hunt birds very well; a caracal is able to snatch a bird in flight, sometimes more than one at a time. Caracals can jump and climb every well, which enables them to catch hyraxes better than any other carnivore.

Because they can learn tricks and get accustomed to live with humans, caracals are sometimes kept as pets (especially in the United States and some European countries). Farmers in Africa do not like them, because sometimes they enter in farms and eat chickens and other animals. So they make their dog chase the caracal.

It is not easy to see caracals in nature because they hide very well. Drivers in countries where caracals live, for example, Kenya and Botswana, see many animals next to roads, but it is very rare a sighting of a caracal.

There are many species of caracals. See them and where they live:

Eel

Eels are teleost fish. They have long and narrow bodies like snakes. Adult eels can be as short as 10 cm or as long as 3 m. It depends on their species. The large eels can weigh up to 65 kg.

Eels have fewer fins than other fish. They do not have all the belly and chest fins. The back and anal fins are long and usually connected to the tail fin. The fins do not have spines.

The shoulder bones are separate from the skull. The scales have smooth edges or are absent.

Eels hatch from eggs. Baby (larval) eels are flat and transparent (clear). They are called "leptocephalus" (Greek for "thin head"). A young eel is called an elver. For a long time people did not know where eels came from, because baby eels look very different from adults. They thought the babies were a different species.

Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean. They live at the bottom of the ocean, sometimes in holes. Eels in the Anguillidae family come to fresh water to live there. Eels in the Nemichthyidae family swim about 500 m below the ocean surface. Eels in the Synaphobranchidae family live as deep as 4000 m below the surface.

Hand netting (catching with nets) is the only legal way of catching eels in England. It has been done for thousands of years on the River Parrett and River Severn.

Most eels are predators. They hunt their prey.

True eels belong to the order (group) Anguilliformes (Latin for "eel-shaped"). This order has 4 suborders (smaller groups) called "Anguilloidei", "Nemichthyoidei", "Congroidei", and "Synaphobranchoidei".

The suborders are separated into 19 families. The families are divided into 110 genera. The genera are then divided into species. There are 400 species of eels in all.

The term "eel" is also used for other eel-shaped fish, such as electric eels, spiny eels, swamp eels, and deep-sea spiny eels. These other clades, however, evolved their eel-like shapes independently from the true eels. Eels live both in salt water and fresh water and some species are catadromous (they migrate).

Freshwater eels ("unagi") and marine eels (Conger eel, "anago") are used in Japanese food. Eels are used in Cantonese (Hong Kong) food and Shanghai food. Some people eat the European eel and other eels that live in lakes all around the world. A traditional London food is "jellied eels." The Spanish meal, "angulas", consists of deep-fried elvers.
Eel skins are used to make some wallets and purses.

In some classifications, the family Cyematidae of bobtail snipe eels is included in the Anguilliformes, but in the FishBase system that family is included in the order Saccopharyngiformes.

The electric eel of South America is not a true eel, but is a South American knifefish more closely related to the carps and catfishes.

Easter egg

An Easter egg is an egg, eaten and used for decoration during the Easter holidays. The egg was a symbol of the earth to celebrate spring. The oldest tradition is to use painted chicken eggs, but today chocolate eggs wrapped in coloured foil, hand-carved wooden eggs, or plastic eggs filled with confectionery such as chocolate is used. It was used by early Christians as a sign of the resurrection (rising from the dead) of Jesus.

The use of painted and decorated Easter eggs was first recorded in the 13th century. The church did not let people eat eggs during Holy Week, but chickens still laid eggs during that week. Because there was nothing else to do with the eggs, they were used for Easter decoration.

In modern times, chocolate eggs with a colorful wrapping are given to children to be eaten. In the United Kingdom, children receive on average 8.8 chocolate Easter eggs every year. It is unclear where this tradition comes from. Most likely, it comes from a pagan fertility ritual during spring. Sometimes on Easter, children go on egg hunts to look for Easter eggs. They can look for them indoors or outdoors.

An easter egg is also the name of something secret added in computer programs, such as a joke, a picture, or a message that can be uncovered.

Although there have been claims that Easter eggs came from the pagan symbols, there is no solid evidence for this. At the Passover, a hard-boiled egg dipped in salt water is a symbol of both new life and the Passover sacrifice offered at the Temple in Jerusalem. In Christian times, the egg was a symbol of new life just as a chick might hatch from the egg. The Easter egg tradition may have celebrated the end of the privations of Lent. In the Medieval Europe, people were not allowed to eat eggs on fast days. It was traditional to use up all of the eggs that they had before Lent began, and this also made the tradition of Pancake Day. Eggs were viewed as symbols of new life and fertility through the ages. It is believed that for this reason many ancient cultures, including the Ancient Egyptians, Persians, and Romans, used eggs during their spring festivals. In Eastern Christianity, both meat and dairy are still not allowed to be eaten during the fast, and eggs are seen as "dairy" too.

It was during Easter that everybody was trying to get rid of the eggs before the fast. Eggs were given as gifts for children and servants, and used for decoration. And this is probably the reason why eggs came to be associated with Easter.

Lemur

Lemurs are primates and prosimians (not monkeys). The word "lemur" comes from the Latin word "lemures", which means "ghosts". Lemur are divided into eight families, with 15 genera and about 100 living species. However, lemur classification is controversial: it depends on which species concept is used. "Lemur" is also a genus in one of the families. 

Lemurs are native "only" to the island of Madagascar. From there a few species got to smaller islands nearby, for example the Comoros. Madagascar, like Africa and India, was part of the ancient southern continent of Gondwana. 

Lemurs weigh from 30g to the 10kg. Larger species have all become extinct since human groups moved to Madagascar. Usually, the smaller lemurs are active at night (nocturnal), and the larger ones were active during the day (diurnal).

Lemurs are endangered species because people destroy their habitat and used to hunt them, and perhaps still do so.

Ring-tailed lemur, the most studied, are white and black with a ring tail The larger species are about 1.5 meters tall and weigh about 2 to 3.5 kilograms. They move quietly, usually at night, sometimes letting out eerie wailing cries, which some people think is the reason why they got their names.

Lemurs mostly eat fruit, leaves, and other plant parts. They live in family groups of 5 to 42 members which is called a troop. Females are dominant and remain in the same troop for life. Males move between troops. The female's gestation period lasts four to five months, and they usually have one or two babies. Lemur mothers nurse their babies until they are about four months old. Then they begin to feed the babies solid food such as fruit. Lemurs spend most of their time in the trees. Some are great leapers, flinging themselves from tree to tree.

Lemurs communicate with a variety of hoots. They will also send messages with scents (smells). When a male lemur wants to scare another male away, he first rubs its tail on the smelly glands under its arms and then waves the tail in the other male's face. These are called "stink fights".




Good Friday

Good Friday is a religious holiday usually observed by Christians. It is also called Holy Friday, Black Friday, or Great Friday. It is observed to remember the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, his death, and his rising from the dead. The holiday is often at the same time as the Jewish holiday of Passover.

The estimated year of Good Friday is AD 33, by two different groups, and at first as AD 34 by Isaac Newton by the differences between the Biblical and Julian calendars.

According to the Gospels, Jesus was arrested in the Garden of Gethsemane by the Temple Guards. This was done through the help of his disciple Judas Iscariot. Judas received money (30 pieces of silver) () for betraying Jesus. He had told the guards that whomever he kisses was the one they were to arrest. Jesus was brought to the house of Annas. Annas was the father-in-law of the high priest at that time, Caiaphas. There he was questioned. However, it was with little result. Tied up, he was sent to Caiaphas the high priest, where the Sanhedrin had come together ().

Lots of people came and said conflicting things about Jesus to make him look bad. As he heard these, Jesus said nothing. At last, the high priest tells Jesus, "I adjure you, by the Living God, to tell us, are you the Anointed One, the Son of God?" Jesus said yes: "You have said it, and in time you will see the Son of Man seated at the right hand of the Almighty, coming on the clouds of Heaven." The high priest ripped his clothes, crying out that Jesus had blasphemed God. The trial ended with a sentence of death (). While they were questioning Jesus, Peter was waiting in the courtyard. He also said that he did not know Jesus three times to people standing by. According to the Bible, Jesus already knew that Peter would say this.

In the morning, the people brought Jesus to the Roman governor Pontius Pilate. They said he was troubling the nation. They also said he tried to stop people from paying taxes to Caesar, and wanted to make himself a king (). Pilate questioned Jesus. He told the people that Jesus had nothing to be sentenced for. When he learned that Jesus was from Galilee, Pilate said that Jesus should be judged by the ruler of Galilee, King Herod. At that time, Herod was in Jerusalem for the Passover Feast. Herod questioned Jesus, but Jesus did not answer. Herod sent Jesus back to Pilate. Pilate told the people that neither he nor Herod have found Jesus guilty. Pilate wished to have Jesus whipped, then let him go ().

It was a custom during the feast of Passover for the Romans to let one prisoner go free as requested by the Jews. Pilate asked the crowd whom they would like to go free. The crowd asked for Barabbas, another prisoner. He had gone to prison for murdering people. Pilate asked what they would have him do with Jesus. At this, and they demanded, "Crucify him!" (). Pilate's wife warned Pilate to "have nothing to do with this righteous man" (). She had had a dream about him earlier that day.

Pilate had Jesus whipped, then tried to let him go. The chief priests demanded that Jesus be sentenced to death "because he claimed to be God's son." This filled Pilate with fear. He brought Jesus back inside the palace and demanded to know from where he came ().
Coming before the crowd one last time, Pilate declared Jesus innocent. He washed his own hands in water to show he has no part in this. However, Pilate handed Jesus over to be crucified so that the crowd would not get angry () and that he could keep his job.
Jesus carried his cross to "A Place of the Skull", or "Golgotha" in Hebrew. In Latin it is called "Calvary". There he was crucified with two criminals ().

Jesus is hung on the cross for six hours in extreme pain. During his last 3 hours on the cross there is darkness over the whole land (; ; ). At last, Jesus cried, "It is finished". He then "gave up his spirit". There is an earthquake. Tombs break open, and the curtain in the Temple is torn from top to bottom. The centurion on guard at the crucifixion declares, "Truly this was God's Son!" () 

Joseph of Arimathea, a member of the Sanhedrin and secret follower of Jesus, who had not said yes to his death, went to Pilate. He asked for the body of Jesus (). Another secret follower of Jesus and member of the Sanhedrin named Nicodemus brought a mix of spices and helped wrap the body of Christ (). Pilate asked the centurion to make sure that Jesus is dead (). A soldier pierced the side of Jesus, causing blood and water to flow out (). At this, the centurion told Pilate that Jesus was dead ().

Joseph of Arimathea took the body of Jesus, wrapped it in a clean linen shroud, and placed it in his own new tomb that had been carved in the rock (). The tomb was in a garden. Nicodemus () also came bringing 75 pounds of myrrh and aloes, and placed them in the linen with the body of Jesus, according to Jewish burial customs (). They rolled a large rock over the entrance of the tomb (). Then they went back home and rested, because at sunset began Shabbat (). According to the Bible, on the third day, Sunday, which is now known as Easter Sunday (or "Pascha"), Jesus rose from the dead.

Special prayer services are usually held on this day with readings from the Gospel accounts of the events leading up to the crucifixion. Major Christian churches say that Christ's crucifixion was a voluntary act that he did for everyone who believed in him. It is also said that his crucifixion and resurrection on the third day caused death itself to be crushed.



Archaea

The Archaea (or "Archea") are a group of single-celled organisms. The name comes from Greek αρχαία, "old ones". They are a major division of living organisms.

Archaea are tiny, simple organisms. They were originally discovered in extreme environments (extremophiles), but are now thought to be common to more average conditions. Many can survive at very high (over 80 °f) or very low temperatures, or highly salty, acidic or alkaline water. Some have been found in geysers, black smokers, oil wells, and hot vents in the deep ocean. Recent research has found ammonia-eating archaea in soil and seawater.

In the past they had been classed with bacteria as prokaryotes (or Kingdom Monera) and named archaebacteria, but this is a mistake. The Archaea have an independent evolutionary history and show many differences in their biochemistry from other forms of life. They are now classified as a separate domain in the three-domain system. In this system, the three distinct branches of evolutionary descent are the Archaea, Bacteria and Eukaryota.

Archaea are, like bacteria, prokaryotes: single-celled organisms that do not have nuclei and cell organelles of the eukaryote type.

The following table compares some major characteristics of the three domains, to illustrate their similarities and differences. Many of these characteristics are also discussed below.

Interesting facts about archaea:




Jared Diamond

Jared Mason Diamond (born September 10, 1937) is an American author and biologist. His book "Guns, Germs, and Steel" won a Pulitzer Prize in 1997.

Diamond was born in Boston, Massachusetts. His father was a doctor and his mother was a teacher. He received his college degree from Harvard University in 1958, and then he received a doctorate degree from the University of Cambridge in 1961.

In 1966, he became a teacher at UCLA, a university in Los Angeles, California. He has also traveled to some islands called New Guinea, which are far away from the United States, in the South Pacific Ocean. Diamond is famous for knowing a lot about the birds that lived on that island, and he has traveled there many times.

Diamond writes about science in ways that people can understand, and he has written many articles for magazines like "Discover" in the United States.

He also writes books. One of his first books was called "The Third Chimpanzee", which talked about the way that people evolved from monkeys, and how many things are the same between humans and monkeys.

His most famous book is "Guns, Germs, and Steel". In his book, Diamond explained why he thought that different parts of the Earth had people on them at different times, and why some people in some parts of the world had more science or farming than people in other parts of the world. The book went over thousands of years of human history.

In 2004, he wrote another book, called, "Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed." In this book, Diamond wrote about why he thought that some groups of people from many hundreds of years ago were able to have their groups get very big and strong, while other groups fell apart. His book talked about what people today can maybe learn from the studying the problems from history.




Iglesia ni Cristo

The (IPA: ; Filipino for Church of Christ), or INC, is a church which was founded in the Philippines by Felix Manalo in 1914. The INC states the church was founded by Jesus Christ but that Felix Manalo restored it. The church does not believe in the religious teaching that Jesus is God and part of the Trinity.

Felix Manalo was born a member of the Roman Catholic Church, but joined a number of Protestant churches until he believed that God gave him a mission to teach the gospel and to bring back the first church made by Jesus. The INC began with a handful of followers on July 27, 1914 in Punta, Santa Ana, Manila, with Manalo as highest minister. It has now spread to many different countries.

Some of the teachings INC believes in are:


State court (United States)

In some countries, a municipal court is a court with limited jurisdiction, both in people and laws. Most commonly, municipal courts only deal with the laws and citizens of one city or town. But in some places they make decisions for an entire county, and may be involved with early hearings of cases that will be tried in a higher court. Some things that often involve municipal courts are traffic tickets, leash laws, and building code violations and death.

Municipal courts in Mississippi are "Judge Alone" courts. This means that judges alone hear the presented cases and offenders(and alleged offenders)have no right to jury trials. In felony cases in Mississippi, the Municipal court holds a preliminary hearing and then sends the case to the grand jury of the state. The Municipal court is not a court of record and its cases are summarized by docket.

There are no municipal court facilities in the state. All courthouses are done at the county level. For example, if a speeding ticket violation occurred, it automatically goes to the county seat in which the violation occurs whether it is in a municipality or unincorporated. In the case of some elongated counties like Chatham County, there is an alternate courtroom in Siler City as well as Pittsboro, the county seat. In other cases where there are multiple large population centers like in Guilford County, court cases are handled in Greensboro and High Point. Although a federal issue, traffic violations occurring in military bases are not subject to civilian courts.

Emma Goldman

Emma Goldman (June 27, 1869 – May 14, 1940) was an Russian-American anarchist and labor organizer. She was an anarcho-communist who was an early supporter of atheism, gay rights and feminism.

Goldman fought for women’s rights and equality, workers' rights, queer rights, and anarchism (anarchism is the belief that society should be run without authorities or a government). She was also known for being one of the first women’s reproductive rights activists. In addition, Goldman wrote many books. Her most famous book, “Living My Life,” is an autobiography. 
Goldman was born in a part of the Russian Empire, which is now known as Lithuania. She moved to the United States with her family when she was 17. She was upset by the way workers and labor activists were treated in the US. In 1889 she moved to New York. In New York, she joined an anarchist group. In the anarchist group, she met a new friend and someone she would work with for a long time, Alexander Berkman. In 1892, they attempted to assassinate (kill) Henry Clay Frick, for the way he treated workers. Berkman was unsuccessful and spent fourteen years in prison, but Goldman was not punished.

Later, in 1901, President William McKinley was assassinated by an anarchist who said he was inspired by Goldman. Goldman defended the murderer by saying “if the people want to do away with assassins, they must do away with the conditions which produce murderers."

Besides being a defiant radical, Emma was very well known for being incredibly influential in women’s reproductive rights activism. She fought for women’s sexual and economic freedom. Goldman was a nurse and midwife and taught other women about birth control. She was imprisoned in 1916 for this because at the time spreading information about birth control was illegal. 
Goldman faced many legal troubles. In 1893 she was convicted of starting a riot and spent a year in prison. She was arrested in 1901 for allegedly conspiring in the assassination of President McKinley, but was never found guilty.
In 1917 she was arrested and spent two years in prison for not supporting World War I. 
In 1919, Goldman and Berkman were sent back to Russia because the American government thought they were too dangerous. The Russian Revolution had just happened and Goldman was hopeful that Russia might end up being a good place. She ended up deciding that the revolution in Russia was not as good as she thought and that the Bolsheviks tricked many of the people in Russia. She thought the Bolsheviks were too controlling and were too powerful. She also did not like that the Soviet Union put lots of anarchists in jail for not agreeing with them.
She and Berkman left after two years and Goldman lived in many places in Europe, including England and France. In 1936 she moved to Spain to help the anarchists fight the fascists during the Spanish Civil War.
She died in Toronto of a stroke. She is buried near Chicago.

Computer engineering

Computer engineering is the practice of making computers and their parts. Computer engineers are always trying to make new parts smaller and better. They can also work on software, especially software for embedded systems (specialized electronics like cell-phones and satellite receivers, not a general-purpose computer).
Computers are electrical machines that run programs.

Computer engineering has parts of both electrical engineering and computer science/software engineering. In computer engineering classes, students learn about the hardware and software of computers. They start with learning how transistors and computer chips are made and how they work (which uses quantum mechanics). Then the student learns how the chips talk to each other and how to make a complete printed circuit board (PCB), which is the electrical part. They also learn how to program the ROM or Flash memory so the computer can do something useful.

Because computer engineering is closely related to electrical engineering and computer science, the fields are found in the same department at many universities. Students also need to learn fundamental science subjects and mathematics, such as calculus and differential equations.

Computer engineering is difficult to learn, but computer engineers are needed. Software engineering companies, telecommunications firms, designers of digital hardware, and many other companies hire computer engineering majors upon graduation and pay them well.

Spanish Civil War

The Spanish Civil War (18 July 1936 – 1 April 1939) was a civil war between Republicans and Nationalists. The war ended on 1 April 1939, when the last Republican troops surrendered. Francisco Franco became dictator of Spain until he died in 1975.

The civil war began after a "pronunciamiento" (revolt) against the Republican government by the Nationalists. The nationalists were supported by FE de las JONS, a far right political party. During this time, fascist General Francisco Franco and his nationalist troops wanted to take control of the Spanish Republic. The Army split, with about half of the troops being loyal to the Republic. 

Many different groups worked together to help the democratic Spanish Republic stop Franco, including Basques, Catalans and other groups.

The Soviet Union, Mexico and French Third Republic sold the Republican weapons, the International Brigades was a left wing international militant group formed to fight Franco, many anti-fascist partisans internationally volunteered to fight against Franco, including people from the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Germany, and Italy.

The governments of Nazi Germany, Kingdom of Italy and Second Portuguese Republic provided troops and supplies for Franco.

Around half-a-million people died in the war, and many atrocities were committed by both sides. The most famous atrocity was the bombing of Guernica. On 26 April 1937, the city was bombed by Legion Condor, a Nazi military unit working for Franco. It was the first time that an air bombing caused so many civilian casualties. The bombing was reported all over the world in newspapers and made people aware of the German involvement.


Fyodor Tyutchev

Fyodor Ivanovich Tyutchev (rus: "Фёдор Иванович Тютчев", fyô'dər ēvä'nəvĭch tyū'chĭf) (December 5 1803 – July 27, 1873) was one of the most significant Russian poets. Almost 20 years of his life he spent in Munich and Turin. Tyutchev was a good friend of Heinrich Heine, knew Schelling as well. Tyutchev didn’t want people to know him as a poet. He didn’t take any part in a literary life.

He has around 400 of his poems. Russian people quote them very often. His early poems are made in Russian poetic tradition of the XVIII century. In the 1830s we can find an influence of European (especially German) romanticism on Tyutchev’s lyrics. He writes philosophic poems about the universe, nature and human being. In 1840s Tyutchev wrote several articles about relations between Russia and Occidental civilization. In 1850s Tyutchev created several heartfelt poems, in which we can see love as a tragedy. These poems are combined into one cycle, named “Denisievsky”. “Denisievsky” means dedicated to a mistress of Tyutchev – Elena Alexandrovna Denisieva. In 1860s–1870s Tyutchev wrote mainly political poems.

The most famous Tyutchev's poem is “Silentium!”. This is a hard appeal to be silent. Because a man never can understand another person. A line “A word once uttered is untrue” is one of the most popular aphorisms of Tyutchev. As well as “We can’t understand Russia by the reason” and “We are not know, what will be the respond for our word”. 


Erythropoietin

Erythropoietin, or Erythropoetin (EPO) is a hormone produced by the kidneys. Epoetin is a synthetic version.

Erythropoietin acts on the bone marrow so that it makes more red blood cells. It is used to treat some kinds of anemia. Anemia can happen in kidney failure, or from chemotherapy to treat cancer. The man-made hormone is made with cell cultures. The hormone can be used for blood doping in endurance sports although this is illegal in all athletic competitions.

It is also responsible for inhibiting the body process "Gluconeogenesis" (a process in your body which makes glucose from products other than carbohydrates), thus contributing to cure of type2 diabetes, glucose intolerance.


Anarcho-punk

Anarcho-punk is a subculture that combines punk music and anarchist politics. Some important anarcho-punk bands include Crass, Conflict, Chumbawamba, and Subhumans. Common ideas that many anarcho-punks support are anti-war, animal rights, feminism, environmentalism, equality, anti-capitalism and other common anarchist causes.

Household hardware

Household hardware describes various things used mostly at home. Those things can be equipment such as fasteners, keys, door knobs, locks, hinges, latches, handles, wire, chains, tools, screws and machine parts, especially when they are made of metal.


Breton

Breton can mean:

Slavs

Slavs live in Central Europe, Eastern Europe, Southeast Europe, Central Asia and North Asia. Present-day Slavic peoples are classified into West Slavs (mainly Poles,Silesians, Czechs, Moravians and Slovaks), East Slavs (mainly Ukrainians, Belarusians, and Russians), and South Slavs (mainly Serbs, Bulgarians, Croats, Bosniaks, Pomak, Torbesh, Gorani, Macedonians, Slovenes, and Montenegrins).

Austrians, Hungarians, Romanians (although 1/3 of Romanian population is made of Slavic population, mainly , Serbians and Bulgarians), Estonians, Lithuanians and Latvians (and these 3 countries have sizable Russian and Poles population, so much so that they make a majority ethnic groups in those countries) live near the Slavic nations but are not Slavs themselves. There are more Slavs than any other ethnic group in Europe. Russians make up the most Slavs, followed by Poles and Ukrainians.

There are many small historic Slavic nations like Lusatia (and Lusatian Serbs, typically referred to as Sorbs, who still live in eastern Germany), Rusyn, Kashubia and others. Russia is now the most powerful and populated Slavic country, but in the 10th century Bulgarians and Czechs were powerful, in 13th and 14th century Serbs were powerful, and in the 16th century Poland was the strongest nation in the area.

The Slavic languages are closely related. The largest similarities can be found within the same group (for example, Polish and Slovak, both West Slavic languages), but similarities exist even between Slavic languages from other different subgroups (such as Bulgarian and Russian).

However, the greatest similarities are between Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian, which are South Slavic languages. They are considered separate by the Bosnian and Croatian governments (the separation is of political nature), but linguistically they are one language- Serbo-Croatian (since Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin are more similar than those variants of English, German, Dutch, or Hindi–Urdu, and mutual intelligibility between their speakers "exceeds that between the standard variants of English, French, German or Spanish).

Slavic languages are spoken natively by 300 million people and as second or third languages by many more people in countries as far away as Germany and China.

Maharbal

Maharbal was Hannibal's cavalry-leader during the Second Punic War. Many times he was important in Carthage's successes over Rome. In his Italian campaign, Hannibal always was able to have more cavalry than Rome, and so relied on them and Maharbal to give himself a big advantage.

Maharbal is most famous for what he said to Hannibal after the Battle of Cannae. According to Livy, a Roman historian, the conversation went like this after Maharbal said he wanted to go with the army to Rome immediately:

"I commend your zeal", Hannibal said to Maharbal; "but I need time to weigh the plan that you propose." "Assuredly", Maharbal replied, "no one man has been blessed with all God's gifts. You know, Hannibal, how to gain a victory; you do not know how to use it." -Livy, The History of Rome 22.51

"In Simple English:"
"I like your enthusiasm", Hannibal said to Maharbal; "but I need time to think about what you want to do." Maharbal said back, "It is true that no one is perfect. You know how to win, Hannibal; you do not know what to do after."

Livy wrote this in Latin, so Maharbal's reply is often quoted in Latin, and is a famous phrase: "Vincere scis, Hannibal; victoria uti nescis."

Hannibal

Hannibal (Hǎnnibal Barca, 247 BC – ? 183/2/1 BC), was a Carthaginian statesman and general who was the greatest enemy of the Roman Republic. 

Hannibal is most famous for what he did in the Second Punic War. He marched with an army from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into northern Italy and defeated the Romans in a series of battles. At the Battle of Cannae, he defeated the largest army Rome had ever put together even though Carthage was heavily outnumbered. The Roman army at Cannae is reckoned at 16 legions and a total of 86,000 men. Over 80% of the army was killed or captured, including many of its commanders.

Hannibal kept an army in Italy for many years. Eventually, a Roman invasion of North Africa made him return to Carthage. He lost, and the Romans made him leave Carthage. He lived at the Seleucid court and convinced its emperor to fight Rome. When he lost a naval battle, Hannibal fled to the Bithynian court. When the Romans told him to surrender, he committed suicide by drinking poison.

Hannibal is listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history. The military historian Theodore Ayrault Dodge once called Hannibal the "father of strategy" because even his greatest enemy, Rome, copied his military ideas.
Hannibal's father, Hamilcar, was the commander of the Carthaginian forces at the end of the First Punic War. After Carthage had lost the war, Hamilcar crossed to Hispania to conquer the tribes of what is now Spain. At the time of this invasion, Carthage was in a poor condition. Its navy could not carry its army to Iberia (Hispania). Hamilcar had to march towards the Pillars of Hercules and to go across the Strait of Gibraltar. According to a story in Livy, Hamilcar made Hannibal promise that he would never be a friend of Rome. 

In return, Hamilcar agreed to take Hannibal with him to Spain. Hamilcar spent two years finishing the conquest of Iberia south of the Ebro. He died in 229/228 in battle, most likely by drowning in the Jucar River. His son-in-law Hasdrubal took command but was assassinated in 221 BC.

With Hasdrubal's death, Hannibal became the leader of the army. Rome feared the growing strength of Hannibal. They made an alliance with the city of Saguntum and claimed to be protecting the city. Saguntum was south of the Ebro River and so. Hannibal attacked the city. It was captured after eight months. With the attack of a Roman ally, Rome wanted justice from Carthage. Instead, the Carthaginian government saw nothing wrong with Hannibal's actions. The war that Hannibal wanted was declared at the end of the year. 

Hannibal's army was made up of as many as 75,000 foot soldiers and 9,000 horsemen. Hannibal left New Carthage in late spring of 218 BC. He fought his way north to the Pyrenees. He defeated the tribes by clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting. After marching 290 miles through Hispania and reaching the Ebro, Hannibal chose the most trustworthy and loyal parts of his army of Libyan and Iberian mercenaries to keep going with him. He left 11,000 troops to keep watch over the newly conquered region. At the Pyrenees, he let go of another 11,000 Iberian troops. Hannibal entered Gaul with 50,000 foot soldiers and 9,000 horsemen. 

Hannibal needed to cross the Pyrenees, the Alps and many important rivers in the region starting in the spring of 218 BC, he fought his way to the Pyrenees. He made peace deals with the Gaulic tribal leaders and reached the Rhône River. Arriving at the Rhône in September, Hannibal's army numbered 38,000 infantry, 8,000 horsemen, and 37 war elephants.

Hannibal got away from a Roman force sent to fight him in Gaul. He then went up the valley of one of the streams of the Rhône River. By Autumn, he reached the foot of the Alps. His journey over the mountains is one of the most famous achievements of any military force. After this journey, Hannibal came down from the foothills into northern Italy, to the surprise of the Romans. He had arrived with only half the forces he had started with and only a few elephants. Hannibal had lost as many as 20,000 men crossing over the mountains.

Publius Cornelius Scipio commanded the Roman force sent to stop Hannibal. He did not expect Hannibal to cross the Alps but expected to fight Hannibal in Spain. With a small army still in Gaul, Scipio tried to stop Hannibal. He moved his army to Italy by sea in time to meet Hannibal. 

Hannibal made the area behind him safer by defeating the tribe of the Taurini (now Turin). The opposing forces fought at Carthage, where Hannibal forced the Romans to get out of the plain of Lombardy. This victory did much to weaken Roman control over the Gauls, who decided to join the Carthaginians. Soon, all of northern Italy was unofficially allied. Gallic and Ligurian troops soon raised his army back to 40,000 men. Hannibal’s army was ready to invade Italy. Scipio retreated across the River Trebia. He camped at the town of Placentia and waited for more troops. 

The Senate had ordered Sempronius Longus to bring his army from Sicily to meet Scipio and to face Hannibal. Hannibal was in position to head him off. Sempronius avoided Hannibal and joined Scipio near the Trebbia River near Placentia. At Trebia, Hannibal defeated the Roman infantry by a surprise attack from an ambush on the flank.

Arriving in Etruria in the spring of 217 BC, Hannibal decided to lure the main Roman army led by Flaminius into battle. Hannibal found Flaminius camped at Arretium. He marched around his opponent’s left side and cut Flaminius off from Rome. Hannibal made Flaminius chase him. On the shore of Lake Trasimenus, Hannibal destroyed Flaminius's army in the waters or on the nearby slopes. He killed Flaminius as well. He had got rid of the only force that could stop him from getting to Rome. He realized that without siege engines, he could not hope to take the capital and so he decided to continue into central and southern Italy. He hoped this show of strength would create a revolt against the Roman government. After Lake Trasimene, Hannibal said, “I have not come to fight Italians, but on behalf of the Italians against Rome.”

Rome was put into an immense state of panic and appointed a dictator, Quintus Fabius Maximus. He was an intelligent and careful general.

Fabius adopted the Fabian strategy" He refused open battle with his enemy and put several Roman armies near Hannibal to limit his movement. Fabius sent out small forces against Hannibal’s foraging parties. Residents of small northern villages were told to post lookouts. They could gather their livestock and possessions and go to fortified towns to wear down the invaders’ endurance. 
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania. He hoped that the destruction would draw Fabius into battle, but Fabius refused to be drawn into battle. His troops became irritated by his “cowardly spirit”. His policies were not liked since Romans were used to facing their enemies in the field, and the people wanted to see a quick end to the war. 

The rest of autumn continued with frequent skirmishes. After six months, Fabius was removed from his position in accordance with Roman law.

In the Spring of 216 BC Hannibal captured the large supply depot at Cannae in the Apulian plain, effectively placing himself between the Romans and their source of supply. The Roman Senate resumed their consular elections in 216. They chose Caius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus as consuls. The Romans raised largest army so far their history to defeat Hannibal. It is estimated that the total strength of the army was around 80,000 men.
The Roman army marched southward to Apulia. After two days of marching, they found Hannibal at the Audifus River. Varro was a reckless man full of pride and was determined to defeat Hannibal. Varro's arrogance got the better of him and allowed Hannibal to drew him into a trap. With brilliant tactics, Hannibal surrounded and destroyed most of this force even though he was heavily outnumbered. 

It is estimated that 50,000-70,000 Romans were killed or captured at Cannae. Among the dead were 80 senators. The Roman Senate was no more than 300 men: 25%–30% of the governing body. The Battle of Cannae one of the worst defeats in the history of Ancient Rome. It is also one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history in terms of the number of lives lost in a single day. After Cannae, the Romans refused to fight Hannibal in battles but tried instead to defeat him by wearing him down. They relied on their advantages of supply and manpower. 

Because of that victory. most of southern Italy joined Hannibal's cause. Thet same year, the Greek cities in Sicily revolted against Roman control. Macedonian King Philip V supported Hannibal. That started the First Macedonian War against Rome. Hannibal made his new base in Capua, the second-largest city of Italy.

Without resources from his allies or reinforcements from Carthage, Hannibal could not do much more and began losing ground. He continued defeating the Romans whenever he could bring them into battle but could never score another decisive victory.

In 212 BC, plotters in Tarentum let Hannibal into the city. They then blew the alarm with some Roman trumpets. This let Hannibal's troops pick off the Romans as they stumbled into the streets. Hannibal told the Tarentines to mark every house in which Tarentines lived so that they would not be looted. Even with the looting, the citadel held out. That stopped Hannibal from using the harbuor, and Rome was slowly gaining ground over Hannibal. In the same year, he lost Campania.

In 211 BC, the city of Capua fell. That summer the Romans destroyed the Carthaginian army in Sicily. Meanwhile, Hannibal had defeated Fulvius at Herdonea in Apulia, but lost Tarentum. With the loss of Tarentum in 209 BC and the Romans capturing of Samnium and Lucania, his hold on south Italy was almost lost. 

In 207 BC, he retired to Bruttium. Those events marked the end to Hannibal's success in Italy. In 203 BC, Hannibal was recalled to Carthage to lead the defence of his homeland against a Roman invasion.

Both Scipio Africanus.and Hannibal met on the field of Zama. Hannibal had about 50,000 infantry and 4,000 cavalry. Scipio had 34,000 infantry and 8,700 cavalry. For years, Hannibal had won victories with his experienced army. He now faced the best of the Roman army, and he led a makeshift army, which did not do well against the Romans. Hannibal was defeated, and 20,000 men of his army were killed at Zama, with the same number of men being taken as prisoners. The Romans lost as few as 500 dead and 4,000 wounded. With their best general defeated, the Carthaginians accepted defeat and surrendered to Rome.

Seven years after the victory of Zama, the Romans demanded Hannibal's surrender. He went into voluntary exile and went to Tyre, the mother-city of Carthage, and then to Ephesus and Syria.

In 190 BC, he was placed in command of a Phoenician fleet, but it was defeated in a battle off the Eurymedon River. Hannibal went to Cretebut soon returned to the Asia Minor. At Libyssa, on the eastern shore of the Sea of Marmora, he was going to be turned over to the Romans. Rather than letting himself be taken, he committed suicide by drinking poison. The precise year of his death is not certain. It is believed to be 183 BC. He died in the same year as Scipio Africanus.


Veganism

Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not use animals. There are vegans who choose not to eat animals, and vegans who choose not to use them in any other way either.

Vegans do not eat or drink food that comes from animals, including meat, eggs and dairy products (like milk, cheese, and yogurt). A vegan diet is sometimes called a strict vegetarian diet. Some vegans also do not eat honey. Many vegans try not to use any other animal products, such as leather, wool, feathers, bone, pearl or shoes. They also try not to buy or use products that have been tested on animals. They may support animal welfare and animal rights, and may campaign for these causes.

Vegans eat fruits, vegetables, beans, grains, nuts, and seeds, and types of food made from them like vegan sweets, vegan cheese and vegan cakes.

Some people become vegan because they disagree with the treatment of animals in the modern animal farm industry. Other reasons to become vegan are for health, religious reasons, to protect the environment, or because of world hunger. Animals eat a lot and take up a lot of resources. By not producing meat, milk, or eggs, a lot of food, land (as of 2006, 30% of the earth's land mass is used raising animals for food) and water can be saved. For example, it takes about 16 pounds of grain to make 1 pound of grain-fed meat, so eating plants directly takes fewer resources. There is also the issue of antibiotic use in the industry. Animals are given antibiotics so often that the risk of bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics is very possible in the near future.

Some vegans only eat foods that have not been cooked. Their diet is called raw veganism. Another more restrictive type of veganism is fruitarianism. Fruitarians only eat foods that can be harvested without harming or killing a plant. 

Vegans must make sure their diet includes enough vitamin B, because it does not occur reliably in plant foods. Vitamin B deficiency can have serious bad effects on the person's health. These might include anaemia and neurodegenerative diseases. California-based dietitian nutritionist Ashley Lytwyn said “Nutrients like B12 can be tough to get with a vegan diet, and the iron in vegetables isn’t as bioavailable as iron in animal proteins.” “Even if he ate enough iron-rich vegetables, the body can’t always absorb what it needs.” Vegan societies recommend that vegans either eat foods with added B or take a B supplement. Tempeh, seaweed, spirulina, organic produce, and intestinal bacteria "do not have enough B for a vegan diet". Vitamin D deficiency is possible in the absence of dairy products (which are normally fortified with vitamin D). Vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. In rickets, bones do not mineralize normally, causing growth retardation and skeletal deformities. It can be prevented by supplements, and by direct injections.

A typical vegan diet contains more iron than other diets. Yet, the incidence of iron deficiency in vegans is similar to omnivores. While legumes, nuts, vegetables, and dried fruits are rich in iron, vegans absorb iron less effectively.

Many people think that it is not healthy to be vegan. However, a vegan diet can have all of the nutrients needed for health. It is just more difficult to get the nutrients because there are fewer foods to choose from.



Necrophilia

Necrophilia is a paraphilia of being sexually attracted to dead bodies. Some necrophiliacs have sex with dead bodies. It is usually considered morally wrong. In addition sexual contact with dead bodies carries the risk of disease if the body has started to decay. It is illegal in many parts of the world, but not all.

Strait of Magellan

The Strait of Magellan is a passageway from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific. It is just south of mainland South America and north of Tierra del Fuego. It goes through Argentina and Chile and for a long time the two countries argued over which one owned the land around it. Chile now owns it. The strait is named after Ferdinand Magellan. It is very foggy and stormy.


Fenerbahçe S.K.

Fenerbahçe is a sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. It was officially founded in 1907.
Fenerbahçe's home stadium is the Fenerbahce Şükrü Saraçoğlu Stadium in Kadıköy, Istanbul.
They have won the Spor Toto Super League 28 times and Ziraat Turkish Cup 6 times.


Homo sapiens

Humans are the only living species of the genus "Homo". "Homo" is the human genus. "H. sapiens" is the only surviving species of the genus "Homo". "Homo sapiens" are sometimes called "anatomically modern humans".

The recent African origin of modern humans is the mainstream model of the origin and dispersal of anatomically modern humans.

The hypothesis that humans have a single origin was published in Charles Darwin's "The Descent of Man" (1871). The concept is supported by a study of present-day mitochondrial DNA, and with evidence based on physical anthropology of fossil humans. According to genetic and fossil evidence, older versions of "Homo sapiens" evolved only in Africa, between 200,000 and 100,000 years ago, with members of one branch leaving Africa by 90,000 years ago and over time replacing earlier human populations such as Neanderthals and "Homo erectus".

The recent single origin of modern humans in East Africa is the near-consensus position held within the scientific community.

Sequencing of the full Neanderthal genome suggests Neanderthals and some modern humans share some ancient genetic lineages. The authors of the study suggest that their findings are consistent with Neanderthal admixture of up to 4% in some populations. The reason for this admixture is not known. In August 2012, a study suggested that the DNA overlap is a remnant of a common ancestor of both Neanderthals and modern humans.

The time frame for the evolution of the genus "Homo" out of the last common ancestor is roughly 10 to 2 million years ago, that of "H. sapiens" out of "Homo erectus" roughly 1.8 to 0.2 million years ago.

Scientific study of human evolution is mostly concerned with the development of the genus "Homo", but usually involves studying other hominids and hominines as well, such as "Australopithecus". "Modern humans" are defined as the "Homo sapiens" species, of which the only living subspecies is known as "Homo sapiens sapiens".

"Homo sapiens idaltu", the other known subspecies, is now extinct. "Homo neanderthalensis", which became extinct 30,000 years ago, has sometimes been classified as a subspecies, ""Homo sapiens neanderthalensis"". Genetic studies now suggest that the functional DNA of modern humans and Neanderthals diverged 500,000 years ago.

Similarly, the discovered specimens of the "Homo rhodesiensis" species have been classified by some as a subspecies, but this classification is not widely accepted.

Until recently it was thought that anatomically modern humans first appeared in the fossil record in Africa about 195,000 years ago. Studies of molecular biology suggested that the approximate time of divergence from the common ancestor of all modern human populations was 200,000 years ago. The broad study of African genetic diversity found the ǂKhomani San people had the greatest genetic diversity among the 113 distinct populations sampled, making them one of 14 "ancestral population clusters". The research also placed the origin of modern human migration in south-western Africa, near the coastal border of Namibia and Angola.

In the 1960s an archaeological site at Jebel Irhoud in Morocco was dated as about 40,000 years old but it was re-dated in the 2000s. It is now thought to be between 300,000 and 350,000 years old. The skull form is almost identical to modern humans, though the jaw is different.

The forces of natural selection have continued to operate on human populations, with evidence that certain regions of the genome show selection in the past 15,000 years.

Lake Tanganyika

Lake Tanganyika is a large lake in the Great Rift Valley of central Africa. The lake is divided between four countries – Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Tanzania and Zambia. It is the longest fresh water lake in the world and the second deepest.

Pinocchio (1940 movie)

Pinocchio is the second animated Disney movie, made by Walt Disney Productions and first released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on February 7, 1940. Based on the story "Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi, it was made in response to the huge success of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs". 

The movie tells the story of Pinocchio, a wooden puppet made by a man named Geppetto and brought to life by the Blue fairy, after Geppetto wishes he could have a son. She tells him he can become a real boy if he proves himself "brave, truthful, and unselfish." Pinocchio must try to be good so he can become a real boy, with the help of his friend, Jiminy Cricket. Thus begins the adventures of the puppet into a real boy, which involve many encounters with a series of unpleasant characters.

The movie was adapted by Aurelius Battaglia, William Cottrell, Otto Englander, Erdman Penner, Joseph Sabo, Ted Sears, and Webb Smith from Collodi's book. The production was supervised by Ben Sharpsteen and Hamilton Luske, and the film's sequences were directed by Norman Ferguson, T. Hee, Wilfred Jackson, Jack Kinney, and Bill Roberts.

It features the song, "When You Wish Upon A Star", which has immediately become the official anthem of the Walt Disney Company and has been used at the start of most Disney movies since 1985.

A man called Geppetto makes a wood puppet called Pinocchio. He wishes that Pinocchio were a real boy, and the Blue Fairy makes Geppetto's wish come true. But to become a real boy instead of a live puppet, Pinocchio has to prove that he's good. The Blue Fairy assigns a cricket named Jiminy Cricket to guide him and keep him out of trouble. This is a hard job, and Pinocchio does a lot of things wrong.

On his first day of school, two crooks, a fox named Honest John and his mute sidekick named Gideon, trick Pinocchio to join Stromboli's puppet show instead. Pinocchio is popular in the show, but Stromboli is cruel to him and locks him in a bird cage. The Blue Fairy asks Pinocchio how this happened, but Pinocchio lies, and his nose grows longer. With the help of the Blue Fairy and Jiminy, Pinocchio escapes from the cage.

The crooks trick Pinocchio again, and tell him to go to Pleasure Island. He meets Lampwick, a bad boy who convinces him to gamble, smoke, drink, vandalize and other bad things. The island is magical, and the boys who act like "jackasses" (donkeys) "turn into" donkeys. These donkeys are sold to work in the circus and in the salt mines.

Lampwick becomes a donkey, but Pinocchio only changes part way, with donkey ears and a donkey tail. He escapes from Pleasure Island and returns to Geppetto's house. But Geppetto is not there. He has gone to sea, to search for Pinocchio on Pleasure Island.

Pinocchio and Jiminy go looking for Geppetto, but they are eaten by the huge whale Monstro. Monstro has also swallowed Geppetto. Pinocchio builds a fire to make Monstro sneeze, and this frees them all. But they are lost in the ocean and Geppetto is drowning. He tells Pinocchio to swim to shore and save himself, but Pinocchio grabs Geppetto and carries him to shore. Geppetto survives, but Pinocchio appears to be dead.

Geppetto and Jiminy are sad and return home with Pinocchio's body. The Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proven that he is good enough, and brings him back to life... and also turns him into a real boy. Everyone is happy and they celebrate. The movie ends with Jiminy Cricket getting a badge of soild gold and a chorus sings a reprise of the song "When You Wish Upon A Star" as the word "The End" appears, and the movie ends as the song finishes.

The original plan for the movie was very different from what they made. Many characters and events from the original book were used in early versions. Producer Walt Disney was unhappy with this version and had them change a lot of the story and characters.

At first, Pinocchio was going to look like a real wooden puppet, with a long pointed nose, a pointed hat, and bare wood hands. He was going to act more grown-up and do bad things on purpose, instead of being tricked into doing bad things. But Walt Disney did not think that people would like this character, so they changed his appearance and the way he acted. They made him look more like a real boy, with a small nose, a child's hat, and regular hands with gloves. The only parts of him that still looked like a puppet were his arms and legs.

Jiminy Cricket (voiced by Cliff "Ukelele Ike" Edwards) became a more important character. He was not included in the first version of the story. When they added him, he looked more like a real cricket, but Walt wanted more people to like him, so Ward Kimball changed him into "a little man with no ears. That was the only thing about him that was like an insect."



With the re-release of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs" in 1944 came the tradition of re-releasing Disney movies every seven to ten years. "Pinocchio" has been theatrically re-released in 1945, 1954, 1962, 1971, 1978, 1984, and 1992. The 1992 re-issue was digitally restored by cleaning and removing scratches from the original one scene at a time, getrting rid of blurry sound, and making the color lighter. The movie also received four video releases (and two DVD releases), being a big-seller in 1985 (this print was re-mastered and re-issued in 1986). Then the more complex digital restoration that was done for the 1992 re-issue was released on VHS, followed by the final VHS release (which was also the movie's first release on Disney DVD as well as the first in the Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection VHS/DVD line) in 1999. The second Disney DVD release (a 60th anniversary) premiered the following year in 2000. The third DVD release and first Blu-ray Disc release (the second Blu-ray in the Walt Disney Platinum Editions series) were released on March 10, 2009 (March 11, 2009 in Australia), and like the 2008 Sleeping Beauty release, the Blu-ray package featured two discs, and a bonus DVD of the movie also included.


"Pinocchio" was not successful at the box office when first released, and Disney only earned $1.9 million against a $2.6 million budget. The movie made some success at the American box office, but was not able to profit, due to its poor performance in Europe. The timing of the move's release was a reason, with World War II cutting off European markets. Although the United States had not yet gotten into the war, people's interests may have not have meant much among Americans in seeing fantasy stories as they were in the days of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs". It also lacked the romance element that had proven popular in "Snow White".

Nevertheless, there were positive reactions to the movie as well. Archer Winsten, who had criticized "Snow White", said that "The faults (mistakes) that were in "Snow White" no longer exist. In writing of "Pinocchio", you are limited only by your own power of expressing enthusiasm". Also, despite the poor timing of the release, the movie did do well both critically and at the box office in the United States. Jiminy Cricket's song, "When You Wish Upon a Star," became a major success and still is today, and is the fanfare for The Walt Disney Company. "Pinocchio" also won the Academy Award for Best Song and the Academy Award for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture. In 1994, "Pinocchio" was added to the United States National Film Registry as being very important in culture, history, or aesthetic. In 2001 Terry Gilliam picked it as one of the ten best animated movies of all time and in 2005 Time.com named it one of the 100 best movies of the last 80 years. Many movie historians consider this to be the movie that is the closest to technical perfection of all the Disney animated features.
Pinocchio earned $84,254,167 at the box office.

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"—the best ten movies in ten "classic" American movie genres. After polling over 1,500 people from the creative community, "Pinocchio" was acknowledged as the second best movie in the animation genre, after "Snow White".

The songs in "Pinocchio" were composed by Leigh Harline, Ned Washington and Oliver Wallace, who had no screen credit as the film conductor while Paul J. Smith composed the incidental music score.

There is a collection of CDs named Classic Disney: 60 Years of Musical Magic. It includes "When You Wish upon a Star" on the second disc (the blue one), "Give a Little Whistle" on the fourth disc (the purple one), and "I've Got No Strings" on the fifth disc (the orange one).
Another collection of CDs named Disney's Greatest Hits includes "When You Wish upon a Star" on the Volume 1 disc (another blue one), "I've Got No Strings" on the Volume 2 disc (the green one), and "Give a Little Whistle" on the Volume 3 disc (the red one).



Disney on ice "starring" Pinocchio, toured nationally & internationally from 1987 - 1992. A Shorter version of the story is also presented in the current Disney on ice production "100 Years of Magic"




Lubbock, Texas

Lubbock is a city in the United States. It is in the state of Texas. More than 250,000 people live there.

It is the home of Texas Tech University.

Pearl

Pearls are made of a kind of material made by mollusks, like oysters. Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black. They are often round, but sometimes half-round, oval, or in different shapes. Pearls are often used for jewelry. The pearl is the birthstone for the month June.

A natural pearl is formed when nacre-producing cells are displaced from the mantle tissue of an oyster. These cells are genetically programmed to produce nacre, the substance that lines the inner sides of an oyster's shell. When the cells become displaced, often by a boring parasite or damage to the outer shell, they continue to do what they are programmed to do -- produce nacre and form a pearl.

They can be very tiny (as tiny as a peppercorn) or quite big (as big as a human's fist). The world's largest pearl, found in 1934 and called the Pearl of Lao-tze, is about the size of a basketball.

There are two kinds of pearls: saltwater pearls and freshwater pearls. Saltwater pearls come from oysters that live in the oceans. Freshwater pearls are found in mussels that live in rivers, lakes, or ponds. 

There is also a "natural pearl" and a "cultured pearl." Natural pearls are made by oysters accidentally, and are very rare. Cultured pearls are made by inserting small beads and a piece of donor mantle tissue (in the case of saltwater pearls) into the reproductive organ of a saltwater oyster, or simply inserting a piece of donor mantle tissue (in the case of freshwater pearls) into a small incision in the mantle of a freshwater mussel.

Warner Bros.

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (commonly called Warner Bros.) is a large entertainment group and movie studio. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD). Warner Bros. is known for Looney Tunes, Scooby-Doo, The Flintstones, Tom and Jerry and Cartoon Network. DC Comics well known original comics for Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman. They own the copyrights to the Harry Potter movie series, Superman movie series, Batman movie series, Wonder Woman movie series, DC Extended Universe and It duology. They also produced the TV shows Wonder Woman, The Big Bang Theory, The Dukes of Hazzard, Animaniacs, Two and a Half Men and Friends. 

Warner Bros. is a very large company. Warner Brothers was founded on April 4, 1923. Its founders were Jack L. Warner, Albert Warner, Harry Warner, and Sam Warner. It was founded in Hollywood, California. It has won several awards including the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi is a science fiction movie. It is the sixth film in the "Star Wars" film series. The movie was released in 1983. It also includes romance, action, adventure and drama.

The Empire constructs a new Death Star. Luke, Leia, and the droids rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, an evil slug-like gangster. Later, Luke learns that Leia is his sister and must confront his father (Darth Vader) and return him to the good side. The movie is also famous for introducing a group of little creatures called Ewoks who help fight the Empire's troopers.



Quarter

Quarter might mean:


Freedom of religion

Freedom of religion, also known as freedom of worship, is the human right and civil liberty to be able to practice a religion without fear of being persecuted for it. It usually involes tolerating religions that are not the majority religion and usually comes alongside a separation of church and state, although not always. According to the United Nations, freedom of religion is part of international law.

In the United States, freedom of religion is part of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which states:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.



MDC (band)

MDC are an anarcho-punk and hardcore punk band that started in Austin, Texas in 1979. They helped make hardcore punk popular in Austin, but in 1982 they moved to San Francisco, California, where they continued to become popular in the hardcore punk community. In 1993 the band stopped playing music, but they began again in 2000 and still play music today. 

Their lyrics were very political. They did not like the police, war, capitalism or racism. They did like gay people and thought that they should be treated fairly. 

The name MDC is an abbreviation and has meant many things. The band changes what it means a lot. It has meant "Millions of Dead Cops", "More Dead Cops", "Millions of Dead Children", "Multi Death Corporations", "Millions of Damn Christians", "Missile Destroyed Civilization" and "Magnus Dominus Corpus". 


Optimus Prime

Optimus Prime, known in Japan as Convoy, is a character from the "Transformers" franchise. Prime is the leader of the Autobots, a group of transforming robots from the planet of Cybertron. The Autobots are constantly at war with another group of transforming robots called Decepticons. According to Bob Budiansky, co-writer of the Transformers series, Dennis O'Neil made his name. In the 1986 animated film Transformers: The Movie, he is killed by his nemesis Megatron, who is the leader of the Decepticons. Optimus Prime is voiced by Peter Cullen.

In the Transformers Generation 1 cartoon series, Optimus was originally a naive and defenceless dock worker named Orion Pax. Some time later, Orion was killed by Megatron and rebuilt by Alpha Trion as Optimus Prime.

In the films, Optimus does not have his original Generation 1 look or voice due to the fact they were not based on the cartoon series. In Transformers (2007), and , he had his original body, the one from the 2007 film. In , Optimus appears battle damaged but was revealed to have been hiding from humans with the other Autobots, according to his friend Ratchet. In the movie, he was given a new look after being fixed by a human named Cade Yeager. In The Last Knight, Optimus is seen floating around in space after running low on Energon, a source of energy that transformers run on. When he appears on Cybertron, Optimus had no memory of what had happened to Cybertron, which had imploded on itself in Transformers: Dark of the Moon. In the film, Optimus is brainwashed by Quintessa, the prime of life and turned into Nemesis Prime. He also has the look he had in .


Comic strip

A comic strip is a series of panels with cartoon drawings in them that make a story. Sometimes comic strips are humorous, and sometimes they are serious. Famous examples of comic strips are:

There are comic strips in newspapers and on the web. Comic strips on the web are called webcomics. Penny Arcade and xkcd are famous webcomics.

Franz Ferdinand

Franz Ferdinand could mean:


First ScotRail

ScotRail was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Abellio operating the ScotRail franchise.

National Express operated the ScotRail franchise from March 1997 until October 2004.

On July 28 2003 Transport Scotland announced Arriva, First and National Express had been chosen to bid for the new franchise.

On June 11 2004 Transport Scotland awarded the new franchise to First with the services operated by ScotRail moving to First ScotRail on October 17 2004. It originally traded as "First ScotRail" before being rebranded as "ScotRail" in September 2008.

On October 8 2014, Abellio were awarded the franchise beating First. They started running the trains in April 2015.

 

Waste container

A waste container (known more commonly in British English as a dustbin, rubbish-bin or simply a bin, and American English as a trash can) is a container, usually made of plastic or metal, used to store refuse.

Rubbish (trash) is usually kept in these until it is emptied by collecters, who will take it to a landfill or incinerator.

Some bins are used specifically for recycling.

Vijayanagara Empire

Vijayanagara empire (1336–1646 CE) was an Indian Hindu empire. From 1336 and afterwards, it was in the Deccan, in the peninsula and in southern India. It was founded by Harihara (Hakka) and his brother Bukka Raya. The empire is named after its capital city Vijayanagara, now Hampi in modern Karnataka, India. It began in 1336 and ended in 1660, though in its last century it began losing its power. Stories of the empire's creation and history are not certain, though tales of the empire's wealth and power were described by European travellers such as the Portuguese travelers Domingo Paes and Nuniz, and the Venetian traveler Niccolò Da Conti.

This list is based on the book by Robert Sewell (A Forgotten Empire).

Sangama Dynasty

Saluva Dynasty

Tuluva dynasty

Aravidu (dates are not known), includes these rulers. There is certainly more than one ruler under each name. 


Delhi Sultanate

The Delhi Sultanate (دلی سلطنت), or Sultanate-e-Hind (سلطنتِ ہند) or Sultanate-e-Dilli (سلطنتِ دلی) were the Sunni Islamic Persian-speaking dynasties of Turkic and Pashtun origin, which were controlling most of the Indian subcontinent from 1210 to 1526. Most of these dynasties ruled from Delhi. This includes the Slave dynasty (1206-90), the Khilji dynasty (1290-1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320-1413), the Sayyid dynasty (1414-51), and the Lodi dynasty (1451-1526). Later on, after the Pashtun Lodi dynasty was destroyed at Panipat in 1526, the region fell to the Mughals, there was again a brief period when Humayun, son of the Mughal Babur and father of Akbar the Great, was deposed by the Pashtun Suri dynasty under Sher Shah Suri who enjoyed a short rule then, before Humayun was reinstated in 1555.






1526-1540: Mughal rule after the First Battle of Panipat

1555: Return to Mughal Rule after brief interregnum





Hoysala Empire

The Hoysala Empire (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳ) was an Indian empire. It controlled part of southern India from 1000 to 1346 A.D. Belur, Karnataka was the empire's capital. The Hoysala Empire is remembered today mostly because of its architecture. The hundreds of temples found across Karnataka are good examples of temples that were in the cities of Belur, Halebid and Somnathpura. The Hoysala kings were affected by Jainism and Hinduism. King Vishnuvardhana and the kings after him believed in Vaishnavism.

In the beginning, the Hoysalas were a small part of the Chalukyas of Kalyani. However, they began to grow until they made their own empire in Karnataka. The Hoysala period is known as one of the best times in the history of Karnataka, next only to the Vijayanagara Empire. Some famous Hoysala kings were Vishnuvardhana, Veera Ballala II and Veera Ballala III. Kannada was the main language of the Hoysala kings. The Hoysalas helped to increase Kannada and Sanskrit writing.



Macedonia (ancient kingdom)

Macedonia (Greek: Μακεδονία) or Macedon was an Ancient Greek kingdom of the Archaic and Classical Greece, and later the most powerful state of Hellenistic Greece. The kingdom was established and was at first ruled by the royal Argead dynasty, which was followed by the Antipatrid and Antigonid dynasties. Home to the ancient Macedonians, the earliest kingdom was centered on the northeastern part of the Greek peninsula, and bordered by Epirus to the west, Paeonia to the north, Thrace to the east and Thessaly to the south.

Alexander the Great made it the most powerful kingdom in the Near East for a few years. When he died the empire fell apart and the Antigonid dynasty ruled Macedonia as a small empire. Centuries later the Roman Empire conquered Macedonia and much of Alexander's empire.






Burger King

Burger King (often just called BK) is a chain of fast food restaurants that comes from the United States. It sells hamburgers, French fries, and soft drinks. It was created in 1954 in Miami, Florida, by James McLamore and David Edgerton. Edgerton bought a restaurant named Insta Burger King and changed it to Burger King. More than 34 thousand people work for the company.

There are more than 15,000 Burger King restaurants world-wide in 100 countries, and almost all of them are franchises. But in Australia, since the name "Burger King" was already trademarked there, BK franchises there are called Hungry Jack's.

Burger King is owned mostly by 3G Capital, a Brazilian investment company. But it is also owned by shareholders and used to publicly trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker BKW. In 2014, the chain's operations was merged with that of Tim Hortons from Canada, under the name Restaurant Brands International (). Burger King is an American global chain of hamburger fast food restaurants. Headquartered in the unincorporated area of Miami-Dade County, Florida, the company was founded in 1953 as Insta-Burger King, a Jacksonville, Florida–based restaurant chain.


Argead dynasty

The Argead dynasty (, ) was an ancient Macedonian royal house. They were the founders and the ruling dynasty of the kingdom of Macedon from about 700 to 310 BCE. From about 700 BCE the founder of the dynasty, Perdiccas I, led the people who called themselves Macedonians eastward from their home on the Haliacmon River. Aegae (today Vergina) became the capital, and by the reign of Amyntas I (6th century BCE) Macedonian power extended eastward beyond the Axius (Axiós) River to dominate the neighbouring Thracian tribes. 

People of the Argead royal house supposedly believed they were descended of Heracles' family. Famous kings included Philip II of Macedon (reigned 359-336 BC) who subdued Greece and famously united the defeated Greek city states as the League of Corinth with the Macedonians as Hegemon, and his son Alexander the Great (reigned 336–323 BC) who led his army along with allied armies to conquer much of the known world at the time, creating a vast Empire stretching from Macedonia and Greece, to Egypt, and the Indus River, also defeating the Persian Achaemenid Empire. 

The Argead family dynasty ended during the wars of the Diadochi when Alexander IV of Macedon and his mother Roxana were murdered.


Antipatrid dynasty

The Antipatrid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty. It was created by Cassander in 302 BC, who was the son of Antipater. However it was not a long dynasty. It ended in 294 BC when it was taken over by the Antigonid dynasty.




Antigonid dynasty

The Antigonid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty. The kings were part of the family of Alexander the Great's general Antigonus I Monophthalmus ("the One-eyed"). The dynasty ended when the Roman Empire conquered the area after the Battle of Pydna in 168 BC. 


Futurama

Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company. It is in "New" New York City during the 31st century. The shows were first shown on Fox Network on March 28, 1999, until August 10, 2003. 

In 2008 Comedy Central began airing episodes. Comedy Central later said that the seventh season would be the final season. The series finale aired on September 4, 2013, though Groening has said he will try to get it picked up by another network. Also, 4 DVD movies were made.

The series is about Philip J. Fry (Billy West), a lazy New York City pizza delivery boy, who froze himself by mistake on New Year's Eve, 1999. He wakes up one thousand years later on New Year's Eve, 2999, and finds himself in "New" New York City. Fry wants to get a new job, though in the end he is forced to be a delivery boy. Fry tries to escape from his job and afterwards goes to Planet Express, a small delivery company that goes around the galaxy owned by his distant nephew, where he becomes a delivery boy. The series then describes the adventures of Fry and the other workers as they go around the universe making deliveries.


The first episode begins in the year 2999 later 3000, a time where there are many technological advancements, as well as a place where 21st century problems are treated as everyday situations. In a jab at segregation, for example, the series depicts the human prejudice against mutants as being so great that the latter have been forced to live underground in the sewers. The characters' home on Earth is the city of New New York, built over the ruins of present-day New York City, referred to as "Old New York".

There is a fictional religion named Robotology in the television show. It is similar to United States black churches.

Old episodes are now seen on Adult Swim (a part of Cartoon Network) and Too Funny To Sleep (a part of TBS) in the United States, on Teletoon in Canada, on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom plus Sky One, Sky Two, Sky Three and TV6 in the UK and Republic of Ireland, on Fox8 and Network Ten in Australia, on Pro 7 in Germany and on Canal Fox in Latin America, including Colombia, Argentina, Mexico, etc.


Radar

Radar is a machine that uses radio waves for echolocation to find objects such as aircraft, ships, and rain. 

The basic parts of a radar are:

By doing this, the radar can locate the object. Radar is used in many different ways. It can measure the speed and number of cars on a road, the amount of water in the air, and many other things. 

The radar transmitter sends radio pulses. By controlling how often the rapid pulses of radar energy are sent out by a radar transmitter (called the transmitter's "pulse repetition rate"), and how long it takes for the reflected pulse energy to come back to the radar receiver, one can tell where objects are, and how far away. Digital circuits in a radar receiver calculate the distance to an object by knowing the time interval between energy pulses. The radar receiver's digital circuits count how long it takes between pulses for an object's reflected energy to be detected by the radar receiver. Since radar pulses are sent and received at approximately the speed of light, the distance to an object can easily be calculated. This is done in digital circuits by multiplying the speed of light by the time it takes to receive the radar energy reflected back from an object.

The time between pulses influences how far away an object can be detected. That distance is called the "range" of a radar transmitter and receiver. Radar transmitters and receivers use slow repetition frequencies to find the distance to objects that are far away. This makes it possible to accurately determine the distance to the moon, for example. Fast repetition is used to detect objects that are much closer, like ships at sea, high flying aircraft, or to determine the speed of fast moving automobiles on highways.

Radar was first used in 1904 by Christian Hülsmeyer. He was given a patent for radar (Reichspatent Nr. 165546). Radar was vital in the Battle of Britain and other parts of World War II. The Axis countries failed to keep up with British and American radar technology during the war.

The word "RADAR" was created in 1942 as an acronym for Radio Detection and Ranging. This acronym replaced the British initialism "RDF" ("Radio Direction Finding"). The word is now thought of by many people as a regular word, no longer as an acronym. 

The FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) use several kinds of radar:



GameSpot

GameSpot is a website that was created in June 1996 by Pete Deemer, Vince Broady and Jon Epstein.

In the beginning the website was mainly about PC games. Another similar site, videogamespot.com was created in December of the same year to talk about console video game systems. In 1997, videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short time. Afterward in 1998, videogames.com and GameSpot.com joined together to become a single site.

GameSpot makes video game and PC reviews, previews, downloads, news, and information. It is known as one of the biggest game websites on the Internet. ZDNet bought GameSpot later on. However ZDNet was later bought by CNET Networks, who were then bought by CBS Corporation in March 2008. CBS Interactive are the owned GameSpot until they sold it in 2020 to Red Ventures. Fandom purchased GameSpot in 2022.

On October 3, 2005, GameSpot changed how the website looked, making it similar to what TV.com looks like.

TV.com

TV.com is a popular website owned by the CNET Games & Entertainment family of websites, which also includes GameSpot, GameFAQs and MP3.com. The website replaced the popular TV Tome website.

The website has information about television (mostly English-language television in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Ireland). Other than episode guides, TV.com also has news, reviews, photos, trailers and TV listings.

People can also get accounts on TV.com like other CNET websites. Users get a user page and can keep track of television shows. They can also add things like episode details and cast members.

Olive (color)

Olive is a color which looks like green or yellow. (when gray or black is added to yellow, the various shades of the color olive are produced). Some dark shades of olive can also be made by mixing a darker color (like brown) with green.

The most common place you will find the color olive is on an olive. It is the color of the outside of an olive. An olive's center is usually brown or sometimes orange or red.

There is a mineral called olivine that is colored a pale olive color.



400s

The 400s was a decade that started on 1 January 400 and ended on 31 December 409.


South Asia

South Asia (or Southern Asia) is the southern part of the continent of Asia.There are 8 countries that are generally included in this region. It is surrounded by (clockwise) West Asia, Central Asia, Eastern Asia, Southeastern Asia and the Indian Ocean. Countries in this part of the world are as follows:

The natural resource most used by the people is the rich land. Most of the people living there are farmers. They produce a lot of cashews, rice, peanuts, sesame seeds, and tea. A lot of natural gas is there, but these resources are usually underdeveloped. Many people there raise cattle and sheep. The cattle are raised for their milk or to carry things in Hindu areas. In India, the cattle are very important to the environment because the manure is a fertilizer for farmers.

The climate of South Asia can be divided into three basic types: tropical, dry, and temperate. The northeast is from tropical to subtropical. Moving west the moisture and elevation change, causing a steppe and a desert climate like in the Middle East. There is also a steppe climate in the center of the lower peninsula. Two parts of the South Asian climate especially affect the people. One is the "monsoon". These changing winds bring lots of the area's rain, so when they do not come early, the land becomes very dry. Hurricanes also happen every year and sometimes destroy many things and kill and injure people. In the extreme north of India and Pakistan, the climate is affected by the mountains. There is a mild climate near the Indus river where farmers grow crops like rice and tea.


Thermodynamics

Thermodynamics is a branch of physics that studies the relations between, heat, temperature, and energy. A branch of math called statistics is often used in thermodynamics to look at the motion of particles.

Thermodynamics is useful because it helps us understand how the world of the very small atoms connects to the large scale world we see everyday.

Thermodynamics also has two main branches called classical thermodynamics and statistical thermodynamics. An important idea in thermodynamics is that of a thermodynamic system.

An example of a thermodynamic system is a brick. A brick is made up of many atoms which all have their own properties. All thermodynamic systems have two kinds of properties, "extensive" and "intensive". For the brick, the extensive properties are the ones you get by adding up all the atoms. Things like the volume, energy, mass, and charge are extensive because two of the same brick put together have twice as much mass as one brick. The intensive properties of the brick are the ones you get by looking at the average over all atoms. Things like temperature, pressure, and density are intensive because two of the same brick still has the same temperature as one brick alone.

There are four laws of thermodynamics that say how energy can be moved between two objects in the form of heat. The laws of Thermodynamics point out how the energy in a system changes and if the system can work well with its surroundings.




Earlier, thermodynamics was studied to make steam engines work better. Now, ideas from thermodynamics are used in everything from making engines to studying black holes.

Scientists use thermodynamics for many reasons. One is to make better engines and refrigerators. Another is to understand the properties of everyday materials so that they can make them stronger in the future. Thermodynamics is also used in chemistry to explain which reactions will work and which will not (this study is known as chemical kinetics). Thermodynamics is powerful because simple models for atoms work well in explaining the properties of large systems like bricks.


Brookhurst, Wyoming

Brookhurst is a census-designated place in Natrona County, Wyoming, USA. About 192 people live there.

Bollywood

Bollywood, an Indian Hollywood, refers to the Hindi language movie industry in India.

The word is often used to describe Indian cinema as a whole, but more precisely it means Hindi language movies only. The term "Bollywood" combines Bombay (where most Hindi movies are made) and Hollywood (where most American movies are made).

Top 10 Bollywood actors are. Read 

Bollywood makes many movies each year. Many Bollywood movies are called "Masala" movies. In Hindi, "Masala" means spice. These movies usually have higher levels of emotions, songs, revenge and differences between rich and poor in them.

The movies made in Bollywood are usually in Hindi and Urdu. Some are made in Marathi, which is the main and official language of the state of Maharashtra, where Bollywood is located. Some are also in English. Often, poetic Urdu words are used; see also Lollywood (Pakistan Cinema).

The number of dialogues and songs in English has increased lately. There are movies now where parts of the dialogue are in English. There is also a growing number of movies which are in English. Some movies are also made in more than one language. This is either done with subtitles, or by using several soundtracks.

In general, Bollywood movies are like musicals. The audience expects to hear music. There are usually song-and-dance numbers as a part of the script. Often, the success of a movie depends on the quality of these musical numbers. Very often, the movie music is released before the movie. It helps make the audience bigger.

A good entertainer is generally referred to as "paisa vasool". This means "money's worth". Songs and dances, love triangles, comedy and thrills are all mixed up. Such movies are called "masala" movies, after the Hindustani word for a spice mixture, "masala". Like "masalas", these movies are a mixture of many things.

Bollywood movies are often longer than those made in Hollywood. A normal Bollywood movie is about 3 hours long. Bollywood movies are movies made for the masses. Other Indian movies are made inside or outside of the Bollywood tradition. They sometimes try to set higher standards. They often lose out at the box office to movies with more mass appeal.

Bollywood plots are usually melodramatic. They often use common ideas such as star-crossed lovers and angry parents, love triangles, family ties, sacrifice, corrupt politicians, kidnappers, scheming villains, hookers with a heart of gold, long-lost relatives and siblings separated by fate, dramatic reversals of fortune, and convenient coincidences.

Bollywood songs are called Hindi film songs or filmi songs. Most of the movies have songs in them. Bollywood songs along with dances are a characteristic part of Hindi cinema. They give these movies their popular appeal, cultural value and context. Songs are sung by playback singers which actors and actresses lip sync on screen.

Bollywood ways of doing things are changing, however. A large Indian diaspora in English-speaking countries, and increased Western influence at home, have moved Bollywood movies closer to movies made in Hollywood. Kisses in the movies are now allowed. Plots tend to show Westernised city people dating and dancing in discos instead of arranged marriages.

Movie critic Lata Khubchandani writes,""..our earliest movies...(had) liberal doses of sex and kissing scenes in them. Strangely, it was after Independence the censor board came into being and so did all the strictures.""
In 2001 five percent on Indian movies were shown in the United Kingdom which has a large Indian minority.

The emergence of streaming media and OTT platforms has disrupted the Bollywood industry as well. With COVID-19 affecting the entertainment industry worldwide, focus has shifted in recent year from cinema to web series. A number of successful web series are produced in Bollywood and overall the trend is shifting from musical films to different genres. This has also given rise to a trend of method acting in Bollywood, which more and more young actors are now taking up.


Dinah Washington

Dinah Washington (born Ruth Lee Jones; August 24, 1924 - December 14, 1963) was an American R&B and jazz singer. She was an African American who was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and raised in Chicago. She died of an accidental drug overdose in Detroit.


Robin Ward

Robin Ward (born Jacqueline McDonnell in 1941) was an American singer. She had a hit with her song "Wonderful Summer" in 1963.

Adrenal gland

The adrenal gland is a gland in most mammals. It is near the kidneys. Its name tells its position ("ad" – "near", and "renes" – "kidneys"). The gland is made up of two types of tissues: the centrally located tissue is called the adrenal medulla and outside this lies the adrenal cortex.

The adrenal glands are known as "suprarenal glands" in humans. In many animals the glands are next to the kidneys, but they are cap-like structures on top of the kidneys in humans.

The adrenal cortex produces three main types of steroid hormones: mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, and androgens. Mineralocorticoids (such as aldosterone) help in the regulation of blood pressure and electrolyte balance.

The adrenal gland makes hormones which control stress. It is involved in the production of steroid hormones. Among these hormones are cortisol and adrenaline.

The hormones secreted from the cortex region are called adrenocorticosteroids or corticoids. These are the hormones it makes:


The adrenal medulla, in the center of the gland, makes:

Chiswick

Chiswick is a district in the London Borough of Hounslow in West London. It is most famous as the home of the artist William Hogarth.

The Golden Girls

The Golden Girls was an American comedy television series. It ran from 1985 to 1992 on NBC. It was about a group of older women who lived in the same house in Miami, Florida. The series was produced by Paul Junger Witt.

The women were:


‏‎ 

Bark

Bark is the covering of the stems of woody plants, like trees. Bark protects the tree. Bark of different plants and trees can look very different, it can be rough or smooth and can have different colors. It is the outer layer of tree trunks.

Most of the bark grows from the vascular cambium. Some outer parts of the bark sometimes come from a cork cambium. In the bark are lenticels which allow gases to move in and out of those inner tissues which have living cells.

Bark of one kind or another has been on trees from the Carboniferous period. It is obvious on stems and branches, and on some kinds of storage organs.

Tartar

Tartar could mean:

Cowboy

Cowboy is a broad term for men who work on ranches. The word "cowboy" was used in England in the early 19th century but its use in the late 19th century in North America comes from the Spanish word . The cowboy has deep historic roots tracing back to Spain and the earliest European settlers of the Americas. In the United States the Native Americans and cowboys have a rich history, Still today, Native American cowboys are making a big impact in the world of rodeo.

Over the centuries Movies about cowboys are often called western movies. Movies often show them as fighting rather than working. Cowboys can be recognized by their big brown hats and lassos. Men who do similar work in Australia are called "stockmen".

Common clothing includes a belt with a big buckle, a cowboy hat, a lasso, a buttoned polo shirt, chaps, boots, and sometimes include another belt for carrying things while riding a horse.

A Cowboy is simply a person who works on a ranch and rides on a horse while he herds cattle. However, on the modern day ranch, the job has evolved into more duties such as branding, fencing, hay production, and machine and animal maintenance. Cowboys are also gunfighters, a lawman, outlaw, or a shooting exhibitionist, but was more commonly a hired gun who made a living with his weapons in the Old West.

In American culture, the idea of cowboys is of freedom and independence. It is part of the myth of the Wild West. In movies and other stories, white actors usually play cowboys, for example Clint Eastwood and John Wayne. In real life, many cowboys of the 1800s were black or Latino.

The fictional cowboy called Sheriff Woody is played by Tom Hanks.

In Britain, a "cowboy" is someone who charges money but is unskilled. For example, a "cowboy roofer" is someone who offers to fix a roof but does not know how to fix roofs.


Janet Reno

Janet Reno (June 21, 1938 – November 7, 2016) was the United States Attorney General from 1993 to 2001, under President Bill Clinton. She was the first woman to ever have this job.

Reno died on November 7, 2016 from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 78.

1493

1493 was a common year.

1285

1285 was a common year.


Alex Haley

Alexander Murray Palmer Haley (August 11, 1921 – February 10, 1992) was an African-American writer. He also had Irish and, according to his own telling, some Cherokee ancestry. He was born in Ithaca, New York. He is best known for "The Autobiography of Malcolm X", which he helped Malcolm X write, and his book "", which was about his family history and inspired a television mini-series. He died of a heart attack in Seattle, Washington.

Members of his family lineage that can be confirmed:

According to Haley, he based his novel "Roots" on oral tradition and research, including a visit to Africa.

About the first third of the book is of Haley's possible ancestor, Kunta Kinte, growing up in Africa in the 1700s. This part of the book describes the culture he lived in.

When Kinte is a teenager, he is kidnapped and taken across the Atlantic Ocean to Annapolis, Maryland. He is sold in Spotslvania County Virginia to John Waller and then to his brother William Waller. He tries to escape and fails. Part of his foot is cut off as punishment and so he cannot run away again. He marries a female slave cook named Bell. They have a daughter Kizzie who is sold at age sixteen. She is raped by Tom Lea and gives birth to a son, "Chicken George" Lea. Chicken George becomes a famous cockfighter, meaning he trains chickens for people to bet on as they fight. George marries and has six children, but his father sells him to a British man who takes him overseas. While George is away, his family is sold to a slave trader who sells them to the Murray family of Alamance County, North Carolina. George eventually returns to them. After the US Civil War of 1861-1865 rather than sharecrop, the family moves to Henning Tennessee. Chicken George's granddaughter Cynthia marries Will Palmer and they become Alex Haley's grandparents.

Roots won a Pulitzer Prize and a National Book award. It is unusual for a novel to do both.

At first, Haley said "Roots" was not a novel but non-fiction. But when scholars looked into his facts, they found many of them were wrong. Today, scholars think that the griot, the African scholar who talked to Haley, made up parts of the story. They think Haley was guessing or imagining things as well. Later, Haley would also admit that he copied parts of his book from a 1967 book called "The African".

Even though the book is not historically accurate, American scholars still say it is one of the most important novels in the country because it inspired African Americans to write more about Africa and slavery.

Trying to confirm the facts in Haley novel in regards to Africa and the Waller, Lea, and Murray families raised doubts.
Ironically, the Millses discovered a better fit to the Haley oral history in the written record than Haley himself had found. Dr. William Waller's father was "Colonel" William Waller, who owned a slave named Hopping George, a description consistent with a foot injury. Colonel Waller also owned a slave named Isbell, who may be the Bell in Haley family legend. Tom Lea's father lived in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, and he may have purchased some of Haley's ancestors from the Wallers. When the Lea family moved to North Carolina, they would have taken their slaves with them. The Leas lived in close proximity to the Murrays and Holts, and there are three Kizzies associated with the Lea and Murray families in the post-Civil War records.

Historian Henry Louis Gates Jr. was a friend of Haley, but years after Haley's death, Gates acknowledged doubts about the author's claims:

Most of us feel it's highly unlikely that Alex found the village whence his ancestors sprang. "Roots" is a work of the imagination rather than strict historical scholarship. It was an important event because it captured everyone's imagination." Gates later hosted the TV series "African American Lives" and "Finding Your Roots", which used DNA testing to corroborate family histories and genealogies. Haley wrote another novel in regard to his paternal grandmother Queen [Jackson] Haley but died before he could finish it; it was published posthumously as "". Ironically Subsequent DNA testing of Alex Haley's nephew Chris Haley revealed that Alec Haley, Alex's paternal grandfather (and Queen Haley's husband) was most likely descended from Scottish ancestors via William Harwell Baugh, an overseer of an Alabama slave plantation.

Harold Robbins

Harold Robbins (born Harold Rubin; May 21, 1916 – October 14, 1997) was an American author.

Baptism

Baptism is a rite or ceremony performed by Sikhs and Christians. It is done as a cleansing symbol. For Christians it shows that the person being baptized has become a follower of Jesus, and it can represent the joining of the Christian family. For Sikhs, taking Baptism or Amrit Sanskar is most important and it represent followers of Sikhism.

Roman Catholics baptize infants to mark their becoming members of the church. It is a sacrament usually performed by a priest. Anglicans, Methodists, Lutherans and Presbyterians also baptize babies. Baptists and many other churches, baptize only when the person is old enough to decide that they are ready to declare their faith in Christ.

Some religious groups practice baptism by sprinkling a small amount of water on the person, usually their head. Other groups put the person under the water. Almost all Christians baptize in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. A few baptize only in the name of Jesus. 

In the Old Testament, a similar washing ceremony was done when priests were ordained. Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist before he began his ministry. The usual form of baptism among the earliest Christians was for the person to be immersed totally or partially. But sprinkling, or pouring, was also practiced at an early day with sick and dying persons when total or partial immersion was not practical.


List of ethnic groups in China

There are many people in China, more than in any other country. They all have many different cultures, histories and beliefs. The Chinese government officially says there are 56 nationalities. They are called "zú" or "mínzú" in China. Of these, almost all of them (about 90%) are Han people (汉族 : Hàn Zú). The rest of these nationalities (called "ethnic minorities"), from biggest to smallest in population, are: 


Women's chastity was guarded by keeping them in the inner quarters of the house in Han culture and Manchus adopted this practice from Han after the Qing was founded. the Jurchens (Manchus) were former Ming subjects but were rejecting their previous status and revolting when Nurhaci declared the Later Jin dynasty in 1616 and his Seven Grievances in 1618 calling for revenge against the Ming killing his father and grandfather.

Shang dynasty

The Shang dynasty (existed from 1600BC - 1046BC) was the second dynasty in China following the Xia dynasty. Most of what we know about the Shang Dynasty is from reading pictures on oracle bones and bronze objects. A dynasty is a series of rulers which are considered to be part of the same family because they are ruling a country(s) over generations. According to tradition, the last Shang king was overthrown in 1046 BC. The succeeding dynasty was called the Zhou dynasty. 


 

Tang of Shang

King Tang of Shang, in Chinese:"湯", born Zi Lu, in Chinese:"子履" (1617 BC - 1588 BC) was the first king of the Shang dynasty in Chinese history. He fought Jie, the last king of the Xia dynasty.

He was the leader of his "tribe", or group of people, for more than 17 years. When he was a leader, he made many smart men officials to help fix his government. 

When he saw that the Xia Dynasty was starting to be weak, Tang started 16 wars fighting the Xia Dynasty, getting many lands. Tang finally defeated the dynasty in 1600bc.
Many people of his country thought he was a good leader. He made taxes smaller and did not force his people to be soldiers for a long time. He affected many people from foreign places.

Bu Bing

King Bu Bing of Shang of China, in Chinese:"卜丙", born Zi Sheng, in Chinese:"子勝". He was the forth king of the Shang Dynasty (1600 BC - 1046 BC). He was the second son of King Tang. 

In Records of the Grand Person, he was recorded as the second king of the Shang Dynasty. In that book he is given the name "Wai Bing", in Chinese:"外丙". But in the oracle script, he was recorded as the forth king of the Shang Dynasty. In these records his name is "Bu Bing",in Chinese:"卜丙".

New Year's Eve

New Year's Eve is the holiday before New Year's Day, on December 31, the last day of the current year. 

Today, Western countries usually celebrate this day with a party which ends with a group countdown to midnight. Party hats, noisemakers, fire crackers and drinking champagne are fairly common during this holiday.

Many towns also have firework shows or other noisy ways to start the new year. Places like Berlin, Chicago, Edinburgh, Los Angeles, London, New York, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Sydney, Toronto, and Tokyo are well known for their New Year's Eve celebrations.

New Year's Eve is also a work holiday in some countries, such as Australia, Argentina, Brazil, France, Mexico, the Philippines, and Venezuela.


Chen dynasty

The Chen dynasty () was the fourth and the last of the southern dynasties in China. It was an ethnic Han dynasty.

Few records survive from the time of the Chen dynasty. However, the records that exist say that the dynasty was strong and rich. Legend says that the Chen dynasty had ten times more wealth than Europe at the time. The Chen dynasty's rulers had a tax system and ruling system similar to the Kang-Qian 'flourishing age'. (The Kang-Qian age was the last and richest Chinese feudal dynasty).

The Chen dynasty took in an enormous amount of silver, which was used as money at the time. The records that still exist say that the dynasty had as much as 30 million taels of silver in their reserves. (A silver tael weighed about 30 grams.) During the Chen dynasty, there was also a huge demand for Chinese silk, spices, porcelain, artwork, and many other products.

In the year 589, the Sui dynasty took over the Chen dynasty after the last Chen Emperor abdicated (gave up his position as Emperor).

Fighter aircraft

Fighter aircraft are small military planes that are made to fight other airplanes. They are often fast, having aerodynamic shapes (shapes that make them move through air easily) and very powerful engines for their size. 

Fighters may carry many different kinds of weapons, including missiles, machine guns, and bombs. Fighters may be used as attack aircraft to attack vehicles, soldiers, or buildings on the ground. They are different from bombers because they are mainly designed to fight other airplanes. 

Specialized fighters have been made, such as night fighters, interceptors, and air superiority fighters.
Fighter aircraft also usually are maneuverable (turn well). 


https://techvozone.com/best-fighter-jets-in-the-world/

Aircraft carrier

Aircraft carriers are warships that carry airplanes and other aircraft like helicopters. They are used by navies to allow aircraft to fight along with naval warships. Aircraft carriers are usually very large, carrying hundreds or thousands of sailors and tens or hundreds of aircraft.

The top of an aircraft carrier is called the flight deck and looks like a very small airport. Old aircraft carriers carried airplanes that could takeoff and land in the short distance of the flight deck without help. Similarly, small modern aircraft carriers only carry helicopters or specially designed airplanes such as the Harrier that can take off and land straight up and down or in the short distance of the flight deck. 

The flight deck of a large, modern aircraft carrier has a landing area and a take-off area. The landing area is in the back and has a short runway. Airplanes stop by using a hook on the back of the airplane to grab wires stretched across the runway. In the front, the flight deck has a steam-powered catapult that connects to the front wheel of an airplane. The catapult pulls and throws the airplane off the deck, helping it take off quickly. So, aircraft carriers are basically small, floating, mobile airports. 

Because they are big ships and need much electric power, big modern aircraft carriers are steamships. Some have on-board nuclear power plants Others burn fuel oil.

Except for their airplanes, aircraft carriers usually have few weapons, so other warships escort them. Together, the aircraft carrier and these warships form a carrier group.

Edward Kasner

Edward Kasner (1878–1955) is an American mathematician (person who studies math). He is famous for creating the word googol and the word googolplex.

Kasner went to Columbia University and received his Ph.D. (a degree (measure) of learning) in 1899.

Around 1920, Kasner decided to make a good, catchy name for a very big number (one, followed by a hundred zeros). While he was walking with his nephews Milton (c. 1911–1980) and Edwin Sirotta in New Jersey's Palisades, Kasner asked them to think of good names. Milton was the one who said "googol".

In 1940, with James Roy Newman, Kasner made a book about math called "Mathematics and the Imagination" . It was in this book that the name "googol" was first used.

The website Google was named after Kasner's number googol.



Bay of Bengal

The Bay of Bengal is a bay in the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean, west of the Malay Peninsula and east of India. It looks like a triangle. It is called the "Bay of Bengal", because to the north are the Indian state of West Bengal and the country of Bangladesh. It is an extended part of the Indian Ocean, but part of the sea landed on part of Bangladesh. It has four sea ports on part of Bangladesh. The Bay of Bengal was named in the history of Bangladesh.

Malay Peninsula

The Malay Peninsula (Malay: "Semenanjung Tanah Melayu") is a big peninsula in Southeast Asia. The place is divided into three political parts. This includes:


Jubilee line

The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground. It runs from Stanmore in north-west London to Stratford in east London. The colour of the Jubilee line on tube maps is grey.

The line opened on 1 May 1979, taking over one of the Bakerloo Line's two branches to relieve the main part of the line. To the Baker Street to Stanmore part a new four-kilometre part into central London was added, terminating at a new station at Charing Cross railway station.

The old Charing Cross station, on the Circle, District, Bakerloo and Northern lines, was renamed Embankment. The new Charing Cross tube station created a new interchange, from the stations of Strand on the Northern Line and Trafalgar Square on the Bakerloo.

The Jubilee Line of 1979 was to be the first part of the project, but because of the lack of money the line stayed the same until the late 1990s. Phase 2 would have extended the line along Fleet Street to stations at Aldwych, Ludgate Circus, Cannon Street, Fenchurch Street, St Katherine's Dock, Wapping and then under the River Thames to New Cross, terminating at Lewisham. An alternative plan was created in the late 1970s to extend the Jubilee Line in parallel with the River Thames, this would taken the Line from Wapping to Thamesmead Via Surrey Docks North, Canary Wharf, North Greenwich, Custom House, Silvertown, Woolwich Arsenal and to Thamesmead. However the 'river line' extension as it was called was too expensive and construction of the extension never started.

Changes in land use, particularly the new areas in the Docklands area, caused the project to change considerably in the 1990s. The Jubilee Line Extension, opened in three stages in 1999, split from the existing line at Green Park, creating a one-station branch to Charing Cross, which is now closed (although it is still sometimes opened for occasional use as a film set). With the extension, the Jubilee Line is the only line on the London Underground network that crosses all other lines.

When the Jubilee Line was opened, it was run with 1972 trains. In 1984 the 1972 trains were replaced by the new 1983 trains. The old 1972 Stock were used on the Northern Line. The 1983 trains proved to be unreliable in service, with their single doors making passenger loading and unloading slower than on other trains with wider doors. With the opening of the Jubilee Line Extension, the opportunity was taken to introduce new trains, and today the line is worked by 1996 trains.



Medical emergency

A medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person's long-term health or life. It needs to be treated immediately. Doctors that are trained in emergency medicine are taught how to react to medical emergencies, and how to resuscitate patients.

When there is a medical emergency, emergency medical services should be notified as soon as possible by calling for help using a local emergency telephone number, such as "911" in the United States or Canada, "112" in most of continental Europe and on GSM cell phones, "999" in the UK and most of its former colonies (112 works as well), "15" in France, "118" in Italy, "119" in South Korea and Japan, "000" in Australia, "101" in Israel and "111" in New Zealand. Calls to emergency services are usually free of charge; they can be made from any phone; in the case of a prepaid phone no credit is required. 

The people that answer emergency calls, emergency medical dispatchers, will ask questions about the person who needs immediate treatment; some of the questions are whether the person is conscious, how badly injured they are, their name if it is known, and if they have any other illnesses. They will also ask some basic information about the called, such as the name of the person calling. 

Many countries have laws that require anyone to help those in immediate danger. Help can mean as little as alerting emergency services, or telling other people that the person is having a problem. People that know first aid are expected to help as much as they can. Moving the victim to a safe place can sometimes do more harm than good, and should be left to people that know how to properly move injured people unless there is no alternative (for example, in wilderness first aid). Many states have laws that protect those helping.

If the victim is not breathing, or if a heartbeat cannot be felt, artificial respiration and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) could be needed to keep a person's blood circulating long enough for medics to attempt revival. Emergency medical technicians, Outdoor Emergency Care technicians or paramedics can use airway management techniques to help a person who is not breathing.

While in a hospital environment, staff members that are on duty are trained to deal with emergency situations. Emergency medical physicians are trained to deal with many medical emergencies, and have up-to-date cardiopulmonary resuscitation and advanced cardiac life support certificates. In major incidents, most hospitals have protocols to have staff that are not at work at the hospital to go on duty as fast as they can.

Emergency departments follow basic advanced cardiac life support protocols, which include keeping a patient's blood pressure and blood saturation at acceptable levels. Possible exceptions include the clamping of arteries in severe haemorrhage.

Most emergencies are quite unspectacular. They will happen close to home.

Of all emergencies:

Southeast Asia

Southeast Asia or Southeastern Asia, is the southeastern part of Asia. There are ten countries in this region. All the countries in Southeast Asia are a part of ASEAN, except for East Timor. Some of the countries are mostly on the Asian mainland; they were formerly called Indochina. The others are only on islands. All of the countries in Southeast Asia are in the tropics except for the northernmost areas of Myanmar, which is in the subtropics. 

These are the countries and territories in Southeast Asia:

The United Nations also includes the region of Northeast India and Southeast Bangladesh traditionally, due to ethnicity similarities and culturally as part of Southeast Asia.


Sprint

Sprints are short running races in athletics. They are events in which runners will not have to "pace themselves", but can run as fast as possible for the entire distance. These are often some of the more popular events in the Olympic Games. The most common distances are 60 meters, 100 meters, 200 meters ,400 meters and 1500 metres. 


Boxer (dog)

The Boxer is a breed of dog. With good care, a Boxer can be an ideal pet and companion.

Boxers are good guard dogs. They are strong and like to run in open spaces. They can have a coat in various colors, such as fawn, brindle, fawn-brindle mix, white, white-fawn mix, and brindle-white mix. Males are 22-25 inches at the withers (tops of the shoulders) and the females are 21-24 inches at the withers. These dogs can range from medium size (65 lbs) to medium large (75 lbs). Boxers are one of the most popular breeds of dogs in the US and over-breeding is a concern.

Boxers are loyal dogs and unlike certain breeds, are not "one-person" dogs. They can become loyal to a person, family or group of persons and family friends. They make friends by nature and are curious dogs who love to explore. They are well-suited to be with children and elderly persons, though they can knock people down playing. These dogs may be feared because of their fearsome stance that can look intimidating. They rarely bark without a reason.

They have a high energy level and require lots of exercise. They love to play and have fun. Owners note that they act "puppy-like" their entire lifetime. Their temperament is jovial. Mean Boxers are a rarity. Boxers love to chase, run, play tag and get any form of attention whenever possible. Boxers are easy to train to do tricks, especially for rewards including attention, love and recognition. They are clever dogs with a good memory. They love to ride in vehicles and are good "road trip" dogs. 

These dogs can have some neurotic behaviors and can become anxious if left alone. If they are left alone, "crate-training" is important. Dogs who are crate trained do not mind the practice and often feel secure in a den-like setting. But being in an open house may make the dog agoraphobic, causing them to destroy things. Boxers are easily trained and want to please. While not aggressive, they will show some protective behaviors over their owners and families, especially children. Boxers do well with other dogs and pets such as cats, if they are properly acquainted and socialized. Because Boxers are very bright dogs, they may challenge an owner mentally by being defiant or by being openly obstinate. This type of behavior requires training and patience.

Many veterinarians now refuse to crop (cut, bandage and splint to produce points) the Boxer's ears and many owners prefer the "naturally-floppy ears" to avoid painful and possibly cruel cosmetic surgery. Many owners like the cute appearance. Most Boxers have their tail cropped at birth. White Boxers, which were drowned at birth for much of the breed's span, are now sold or allowed to be distributed as pets, though most are neutered or spayed to prevent breeding. 

Medical issues common to Boxers include hereditary conditions such as hip dysplasia, certain forms of heart defects and certain forms of cancer. A reputable breeder vs. a "puppy-mill" Boxer is recommended. All dogs should get all necessary and regular vaccinations, have regular veterinarian checkups and teeth cleanings, along with a good diet and plenty of exercise. The average lifespan of a healthy Boxer is 9–11 years. Many people get a Boxer and then may give it to a rescue or pound because they are not ready or willing to devote the time that Boxers require for training and attention. A Boxer will not be ignored and will go to great lengths to draw attention to itself, good or even bad. Jumping on people is a common complaint, so positive reinforcement training is a must. They are affable, lovable, clown-like, yet dedicated dogs who adore their owner(s).

The Boxer was bred in Germany and was originally bred for bull-bating and dog fights, but when that was ruled out they were used as hunting dogs and farm dogs and just regular house pets. The Boxer breed was created from the brabanter and Bullenbeiser. Though originally bred to fight and later used as a military sentry or police dog, Boxer owners will confirm that this type of role is no longer suitable for Boxers, as many decades of breeding had produced a dog that is too docile for this type of duty.

American Graffiti

American Graffiti is a 1973 American teen comedy-drama movie directed by George Lucas. This was Lucas' second movie and made him very well known. It is about what happens to a group of teenagers one night in August 1962 in Modesto, California, while they are driving around town and listening to radio DJ Wolfman Jack.

Lake Vostok

Lake Vostok is the biggest of the seventy lakes in Antarctica that are under sheets of ice. It is at 77° S 105° E. It is under Russia's Vostok Station. It is 4,000 meters (13,000 feet) under Antarctica's surface. 

The lake was found by Russian and British scientists. They used radar to find it. 

The lake consists of fresh water. The temperature of the water is about -3 °C. The freezing point of water is at 0 °C, but the water in the lake remains liquid because of the high pressure produced by the ice. 

There are two separate basins in the lake. These are separated by a ridge. It has been suggested that the ecosystems of the two basins are different.

Lake Vostok is an oligotrophic extreme environment. It is supersaturated with oxygen. The levels of oxygen are fifty times higher than those typically found in ordinary freshwater lakes on Earth. 
The weight of the ice on top of Lake Vostok is believed to add to the high concentration of oxygen. Oxygen from the ice gets dissolved into the water of the lake. Deposits of oxygen and other gases are trapped in the lake as well. The structure that traps them is called a clathrate. Gases trapped in clathrates are enclosed in ice and look like packed snow. These structures form at the high-pressure depths of Lake Vostok; they would become unstable if brought to the surface.

No other natural environment on Earth is as rich in oxygen. For this reason, if there are any forms of life in the lake, they would probably need to have adapted to the high levels of oxygen to be able to survive. Some adaptations might include high concentrations of protective enzymes.

The environment in the lake is very similar to that on Jupiter's moon Europa or Saturn's moon Enceladus. Finding life in the lake would therefore make it more probable that life has existed on one of these moons.


Infrared

Infrared (IR) radiation is a type of electromagnetic radiation (a wave with electricity) . The wave is longer than light which humans can see and shorter than microwaves. The word "infrared" means "below red". It comes from the Latin word "infra" (meaning "below") and the English word "red". (Infrared light has a frequency "below" the frequency of red light.) Red light has the longest wavelength that human eyes can see. Infrared waves cannot be seen by the eye.

Near-infrared waves are between 800 nm and 1.4 µm. Most infrared from the Sun is near-infrared. Thermal imaging is mostly done with thermal radiation waves between 8 and 15 µm.

People sense infrared as heat.

Most remote controls use infrared to send the control signals. Many missiles for anti-aircraft warfare find their target by infrared.

Before Bluetooth was invented, some computers, personal digital assistants, and cell phones used infrared technology to send files to other devices. Bluetooth replaced infrared in the early 2000s. Infrared is limited by the need to have both devices in a "line of sight" with each other.

Infrared lasers are used to provide the light for optical fiber communications systems. Infrared light with a wavelength around 1,330 nm (least dispersion) or 1,550 nm (best transmission) are the best choices for standard silica fibers.


Municipalities of Republika Srpska

In 1994, the "Law on Territorial Organization and Local Self-Government" was created. It made the Republika Srpska into 80 parts, called municipalities. However, because of the Dayton Peace Agreement in 1996, there are now 63 parts. 



Republika Srpska

Republika Srpska (Serbo-Croatian: Република Српска / Republika Srpska) is one of the two parts of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The other part is the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and there is also a special city that is not in either, the Brčko District. It is located in Southeastern Europe, more precisely in the western part of the Balkan Peninsula. The largest city is Banja Luka and is the seat of most of the institutions of the Republika Srpska, as well as its political, administrative, economic and university center. Srpska shares a state border with the Republic of Serbia, Montenegro and the Republic of Croatia, and the inter-entity demarcation line with the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Srpska was created due to the Bosnian War.

Republika Srpska has seven main parts (called regions). They are:

Kenneth Branagh

Sir Kenneth Branagh (born 10 December 1960) is a British actor, movie director and television producer. He played Hamlet. He has directed and acted in many Shakespeare adaptations. He has acted alongside popular actors including: Emma Thompson, Keanu Reeves, Michael Keaton, Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman. He is also known as Director and star for his Hercule Poirt film adaptations.

Since Richard Attenborough's death in August 2014, Branagh has been the president of the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts in London.

In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for screenplay writing for his movie "Belfast".

Sculpture

Sculpture is a type of art. It must be three-dimensional (meaning it must have height, width, and depth like a cube). There are many kinds of sculptures from different parts of the world, like China and India, or from different time periods, like the Renaissance and modern times. The pictures below are of sculptures:


Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor

Charles V (24 February 1500 21 September 1558) was Holy Roman Emperor from 1519, King of Castile and Aragon from 1516, and Lord of the Low Countries as Duke of Burgundy from 1506. 

Philip the Handsome (son of Maximilian I of Austria and Mary of Burgundy) and Joanna the Mad (daughter of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile) were his parents. He ruled Austria, Spain, Two Sicilies, Sardinia, Germany, Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Hungary, Bohemia, Croatia, Mexico, Peru, and Venezuela.

"His Majesty" or "His Imperial Majesty" was first used when he was king. His Empire became large and was known as "in which the sun does not set". He was also known as "The Emperor of Universal Dominion."

He divided his empire between his brother Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and his son Philip II of Spain.

Renaissance

The Renaissance is a period in European history that followed the Middle Ages and ended in the 17th century. “Renaissance” is a French word for “cultural rebirth.” During this period, there was a “rebirth” of classical learning. People started relearning the teachings of scholars from Ancient Greece, Rome, and other ancient societies. The Renaissance is often said to be the start of the "modern age"

During the Renaissance, there were many advances in art, literature, the sciences, mathematics, and culture. Many famous artists, writers, philosophers, and scientists lived during this period. A person who is clever at a great number of things is sometimes called a "Renaissance man". The most famous Renaissance man is Leonardo da Vinci, who was a painter, a scientist, a musician and a philosopher.

The Renaissance started in Italy, but soon spread across the whole of Europe. In Italy, the period is divided into three parts:

Following the "Mannerist" period was the "Baroque" period, which also spread across Europe starting around 1600. Outside Italy, it can be hard to tell where the "Renaissance" period ends and the "Baroque" begins.

In the Middle Ages, most artistic, legal, and historical production took place in and around books. Monasteries, churches, universities, and people who could afford them produced and owned books. Books were produced entirely by hand, which is why they were called manuscripts; illuminated manuscripts include hand-colored, drawn, and gilded pictures.

Most books at that time were written in Latin, Greek, and Roman, which was used in the Catholic Church. Only priests and well-educated people read Latin then. People were forbidden by law from translating the Bible into Italian, English, German, French, or other "local" languages.

Around 1440 the first printed books were made in Europe. The printing press made it possible to print copies of large books like the Bible and sell them cheaply. It took 300 calf skins or 100 pig skins to print the Bible. Printers soon began to print everything that they thought was interesting: Ancient Greek and Roman writings, poetry, and plays; stories about the lives of the saints; mathematics textbooks; medical textbooks; Christian stories; erotic stories; books about animals and monsters; maps of the world; and advice to princes about how to rule their people.

Before the invention of the printing press, knowledge had belonged to priests, monasteries and universities. Suddenly many thousands of people, even merchants, could learn far more than they ever could before.
From about 400 B.C. to about 400 AD, Europe experienced a Golden Age. In Ancient Greece and Rome, there were many philosophers, writers, painters, sculptors, architects and mathematicians. Things were beautiful, well-organized and well-run.

However, by the year 1400, the city of Rome was in ruins. Inside the broken walls that had been smashed in 410 AD were the remains of huge temples, sports arenas, public baths, apartment blocks and palaces. Nearly all of them were half-buried and ruined, so they could not be used. Many were pulled down to use as building stone.

Among the ruins of this once-great city, the people of Rome lived in cottages. They still went to church in the huge churches (basilicas) built by the first Christian Emperor, Constantine the Great, in the 4th century. They still held market day in the Ancient Roman market place of "Campo dei Fiori" ("Field of Flowers").

In 1402, Filippo Brunelleschi and a teenage Donatello came to Rome. They were probably the world's first archaeologists. They were fascinated by everything that they saw. They measured ancient ruined buildings, drew things, and dug around for weeks looking for bits of broken statues and painted pottery that they could put back together. By the time they went back home to Florence, they knew more about Ancient Roman architecture and sculpture than anyone had known for about a thousand years. Brunelleschi became a very famous architect and Donatello became a very famous sculptor.

The "Renaissance" really began in the city of Florence. In those days, Italy was not one single country. It was made of many little states, all governed in different ways. These states were constantly making alliances and fighting with each other.

Rome was politically powerful, because Rome had the Pope, the person in control of the Roman Catholic Church. Because of his very great importance as a spiritual leader, most people and most cities did not want to argue with any pope. After a pope died, a new pope was elected. Everyone who was rich and powerful hoped a member of their family would be chosen. It was always a good idea to have several young men in the family trained as priests, just in case. It also helped to be good friends with other rich families. One way to do this was to have lots of daughters and get them to marry rich powerful men from different cities. This was the way that politics worked.

There were other powerful cities in Italy too. Venice had a large and powerful navy. Milan controlled trade with Northern Europe and was very rich. Genoa was also very rich, because it controlled trade with France and Spain. Florence, where many people say the Renaissance started, was another important city.

Florence’s strength did not come from a strong army, a strong fortress, or control over trade. It came from banking. The Medicis were an important banking family. They helped to make Florence a powerful city and the centre of Renaissance learning.

Capture of Constantinople










Lava

Lava is magma, hot molten rock that flows through holes in the Earth's crust and onto the surface. Like magma, lava can be either viscous (~thick) or fluid (~thin). Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground. Other types of lava, like "pahoehoe", "aa", and "pillow lava", are thinner and flow faster. Lava sometimes sets things on fire. Sometimes it even destroys towns.

"Blocky lava" is cool, stiff lava that cannot travel far from where it was erupted. Blocky lava usually oozes out from a volcano only after an explosion has let out lots of the gas pressure from the place where there is magma. Blocky lava makes jumbled piles of sharp chunks.

Pronounced "pah HOY HOY", "pahoehoe" gets its name from the Hawaiian word for "ropy" because its surface looks like coils of rope. Pahoehoe lava flows slowly, like wax dripping down from a candle, making a glassy surface with round wrinkles.

"Aa" is a Hawaiian word that is pronounced "AH-AH". This lava that has a sharp, jagged surface. This stiff lava pours out quickly and makes a crust that breaks easily. The crust is torn into sharp pieces as the hot lava underneath still moves.

Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater. It makes round lumps that are the size and shape of pillows. Pillow lava has a round shape because the lava cools very quickly when it touches water.

They occur wherever mafic or intermediate lavas push out under water. This happens along marine hotspot volcano chains and the constructive plate boundaries of mid-ocean ridges. Pillow lavas occur in the oldest preserved volcanic sequences on earth, the Isua and Barberton greenstone belts. This shows that large bodies of water were on the Earth's surface early in the Archaean. Pillow lavas are used generally to show volcanism occurred underwater in metamorphic belts. Pillow lavas are also found where volcanoes were under ice early before an eruption.

A lava tube is a natural channel formed in flowing lava. The lava continues flowing under the tube's upper surface. Later, when the lava is cooled and solid, the tube remains as a feature in the landscape.


Greenwich Village

Greenwich Village is an area on the western part of southern/downtown Manhattan. It is sometimes called "The Village". The Village is mainly residential.

Greenwich Village is bordered by Broadway to the east, Hudson River to the west, Houston Street to the south and 14th Street to the north.
Originally, Greenwich Village was a hamlet separate to New York City. The grid plan for its streets is less orderly than in parts of Manhattan that were built later. 

The village is located on what used to be marshland. In the 16th century, Native Americans called it "Sapokanikan" which means "tobacco field". In the 1630s, it was turned into pasture by the Dutch, who called it "Noortwyck". In 1664, when the English captured the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam, and Greenwich Village developed as a hamlet.

In 1712, it officially became a village, and was named Grin'wich in the 1713 Common Council records. Following a yellow fever epidemic in 1822, many New York residents moved to the healthier air of Greenwich; where many stayed. In the 19th century, it was known as Washington Square.


Yoshiki

Yoshiki's solo career includes two classical studio albums: "Eternal Melody" (1993), and "Eternal Melody II" (2005).

Aragon

Aragon is an autonomous community in the northeast of Spain. In the various dialects of Spain it is: in ; in ; in .

Aragon covers the area of the medieval Kingdom of Aragon. It is named after the Aragón river, a tributary of the Ebro.

Aragon has three provinces (from north to south): Huesca, Zaragoza and Teruel. Its capital is Zaragoza (sometimes called "Saragossa" in English).

Aragon is one of the 17 Spanish autonomous communities. It has a surface area of , 9.4 percent of the territory of Spain. By area, it is the fourth largest Spanish autonomous community after Castile and León, Andalusia and Castile-La Mancha.

Aragon is bordered to the north by France (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region). Within Spain, the community is bordered to the east by Catalonia (Lerida and Tarragona provinces), to the south by Valencian Community (Castellón and Valencia provinces) and Castile-La Mancha (Cuenca and Guadalajara provinces), and to the west by Castile and León (Soria province), La Rioja and Navarre.

Most of Aragon has an altitude of . The highest point is the Aneto peak with high; it is the highest mountain of the Pyrenees.

The lowest point in Aragon is on the Ebro river, close to Zaragoza, with an altitude of high.

The three main geographical regions of Aragon are:

Most of the Aragonese rivers are tributaries of the Ebro, Spain's largest river in volume and which divides Aragon into two. Some important tributaries on the left side of the river (rivers that come from the Pyrenees) are the Aragón, born in Huesca but flows into the community of Navarre, the Gállego and Cinca, which joins the Segre just before ending up in the Ebro. Right tributaries are the rivers Jalón, Huerva and Guadalupe.

On the Ebro, near the border with Catalonia, lies the Mequinenza Reservoir, with a length of about 110 km, and that is popularly known as the "Sea of Aragon".

Climatically, Aragon can be divided into three areas:

In the middle of Aragon, which is only above sea level, the annual average temperature is around . To the north and south of the Ebro valley, where the elevation rises to above sea level, the temperature drops by two degrees. In the mountains, between , the temperatures are between .

Aragon consists of three provinces named after their capitals: Huesca, Teruel and Zaragoza. Each province is divided in "comarcas" (a "comarca" is a local administrative division) and these are divided in municipalities.

Aragon has a population, in 2013, of 1,347,150, for a population density of inhabitants/km, one of the lowest in Spain. The most densely populated areas are around the valley of the Ebro river, particularly around Zaragoza, and in the Pyrenean s (the hills at the base of the Pyrenees), while the areas with the fewest inhabitants tend to be those that are higher up in the Pyrenean mountains, and in most of the southern province of Teruel.

The province of Zaragoza is the one with more inhabitants, with 978,638 people living there, representing % of the population of Aragon.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Zaragoza (620,419). The other provincial capitals Huesca and Teruel have, respectively, 47,923 and 31,506 inhabitants.

The 10 most important cities in the department are:

Spanish is the native language in most of Aragón. The only official language, it is understood and spoken by virtually everyone in the region.Also, Aragonese is still spoken, in several local varieties, in the mountainous northern counties of the Pyrenees, particularly in western Ribagorza, Sobrarbe, Jacetania and Somontano. In the easternmost areas of Aragón, along the border with Catalonia, varieties of Catalan are spoken, including the comarcas of eastern Ribagorza, La Litera, Bajo Cinca, Bajo Aragón-Caspe, Bajo Aragón and Matarraña.


Aragonese language

The Aragonese language is a Romance language spoken in the north of Aragon by 10,000 people.

It is similar to nearby languages: Spanish, Catalan and Occitan. Also, many Aragonese words are similar to Basque words.

Aragonese, which developed in parts of the Ebro basin, can be traced back to the High Middle Ages. It spread throughout the Pyrenees to areas where languages almost the same as modern Basque might have been spoken before. The Kingdom of Aragon (formed by the counties of Aragon, Sobrarbe and Ribagorza) expanded to the south from the mountains. It pushed the Moors farther south in the Reconquista and spreading the Aragonese language.

The union of the Catalan counties and the Kingdom of Aragon which formed the 12th-century Crown of Aragon did not merge the languages of the two areas; Catalan continued to be spoken in the east and Navarro-Aragonese in the west. The Aragonese Reconquista in the south ended when James I of Aragon gave Murcia to the Kingdom of Castile as dowry for an Aragonese princess.

The best-known writer in Aragonese was Johan Ferrandez d'Heredia, the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller in Rhodes at the end of the 14th century. He wrote a lot of works in Aragonese and translated several works from Greek into Aragonese (the first in medieval Europe).

The spread of Spanish, the Castilian origin of the Trastámara dynasty, and the similarity between Spanish and Aragonese helped the decline of the latter. A turning point was the 15th-century coronation of the Castilian Ferdinand I of Aragon, also known as Ferdinand of Antequera.

In the early 18th century, after the defeat of the allies of Aragon in the War of the Spanish Succession, Philip V ordered the prohibition of the Aragonese language in the schools and the institution of Spanish as the only official language in Aragon. This was ordered in the Aragonese Nueva Planta decrees of 1707.

In recent times, Aragonese was mostly seen as a group of rural dialects of Spanish. After the 1978 Spanish transition to democracy new books and studies of the language have been published.

1178

1178 was a common year.


251

251 (CCLI) was .



1280

Year 1280 (MCCLXXX) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




675

675 was a common year.


1195

1195 (MCXCV) was .




1106

1106 was a common year.


525

525 was a common year.


1380

September 8th - Battle of Kulikovo.


303

Year 303 (CCCIII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 







1221

1221 was a common year.


1304

1304 (MCCCIV) was .

1156

1156 was a leap year.


1226

1226 was a common year.


1219

1219 was a common year.


1711

1711 was a common year.



1765

1765 (MDCCLXV) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar.

1590

1590 was a common year.

1628

1628 was a leap year.

1105

1105 was a common year.


1622

1622 was a common year.

Levi Eshkol

Levi Eshkol (born Levi Shkolnik, October 25, 1895 – February 26, 1969) was the 3rd Prime Minister of Israel from 1963 until his death in 1969. He is buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

Sidney Sheldon

Sidney Sheldon (February 11, 1917 - January 30, 2007) was an American screenwriter and novelist. He wrote the screenplays for twenty-three motion pictures including "Easter Parade" and "Annie Get Your Gun". He also created four long-running television series. He is also included in the "Guinness Book of Records" as, "The Most Translated Author".

His novels include:


Mackenzie Bowell

Sir Mackenzie Bowell, PC, KCMG (27 December 1823–10 December 1917) was the fifth Prime Minister of Canada from 21 December 1894 to 27 April 1896.

Bowell was born in Rickinghall, Suffolk, England to John Bowell and Elizabeth Marshall. In 1832 his family moved to Belleville, Ontario. He started work helping the printer at the town newspaper, "The Intelligencer". He became printer and editor with that newspaper, and later its owner. He was a Freemason and an Orangeman, becoming Grandmaster of the Orange Order of British North America, 1870 – 1878. In 1847 he married Harriet Moore (1829 – 1884). He had four sons and five daughters.

Bowell was elected to the House of Commons in 1867, as a Conservative, for North Hastings, Ontario. In 1878 he became Minister of Customs. In 1892 he became Minister of Militia and Defence. He was a skilled and hardworking administrator. He later became Minister of Trade and Commerce. He was elected to the Senate. His visit to Australia in 1893 led to the first meeting of British colonies and territories. It was held in Ottawa in 1894. He became Leader of the Government in the Senate on October 31 1893.

In December 1894 the Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly. Bowell was the most senior Cabinet minister and was appointed Prime Minister by the Governor General. Bowell was the second of two Canadian Prime Ministers to serve in the Senate rather than the House of Commons. (The first was John Abbott.)

As Prime Minister, Bowell faced the difficult Manitoba Schools Question. In 1890 Manitoba stopped giving money to Catholic schools. This was the opposite of an earlier law called in the Manitoba Act of 1870. Bowell other political leaders could not solve the problem. It had divided the country, the government, and even Bowell's own Cabinet. He could not make up his own mind on how to fix the problem. As a Senator he could not speak in the arguments in the House of Commons. Bowell supported a law that would have forced Manitoba to restore funding the Catholic schools. His Cabinet did not agree. Normal government activities stopped. His Cabinet decided he did not have the ability to be Prime Minister and he was forced to resign. Seven government ministers resigned and stopped new people from being appointed. Bowell called them "a nest of traitors". After ten days, the Governor General stepped in and the problem was solved. Six of the ministers went back to their jobs. Charles Tupper was the person who was seen as the real leader. Tupper had been Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. He had been asked to come back and taker over from Bowell. Bowell resigned at the end of the parliamentary session.

Bowell was the Conservative leader until 1906. He stayed in the Senate until his death. He died of pneumonia in Bellville, just before he turned 94. He was buried in the Belleville Cemetery. His funeral was attended by a full group of the Orange Order.

Bowell's descendants live in Hertfordshire, England.



Rugby World Cup

The Rugby World Cup is the most important tournament in the sport of rugby union. The first one was in 1987. The cup happens every four years. The competition is one of the biggest sporting events in the world (along with the FIFA World Cup and the Olympics).

There are only 20 spots available in a Rugby World Cup, so teams must compete for them in a qualifying competition. Teams that reached the knockout stages of the previous tournament automatically qualify for the next tournament.

The 2011 match was held in New Zealand, and the 2015 England. The 2019 competition will be held in Japan.

The current champions are South Africa.

<br>

1996 U.S. campaign finance scandal

The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People's Republic of China to influence domestic United States politics during the 1996 federal elections. The Chinese government denied all accusations. Twenty-two people were eventually convicted of fraud or for funneling Asian funds into the United States elections, and others fled U.S. jurisdiction. 

In late 1996, the Justice Department opened a task force to investigate allegations of illegal donations to the Clinton/Gore re-election campaign and to Clinton's legal defense fund. Ultimately, Justice Department prosecutors secured the conviction of several fund-raisers for various offenses. John Huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $10,000 fine. Johnny Chung served 3000 hours of community service. Charlie Trie served four months of in-home detention. Maria Hsia served 90 days of home detention and paid a $5,300 fine. Indonesian billionaire James Riady was fined $8.6 million. Ernest Green served three months home detention. Michael Brown served 150 hours of community service and paid a $5000 fine. In all, the Justice Department task force secured criminal convictions against 22 people by 2001.

1008

1008 (MVIII) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the eighth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.


Kick

In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts and sports, a kick is a blow with the foot, the knee or the leg. It is used in combat as an attack. Generally, the kicks are slower than the punches although stronger than the blows with hands.

The kicks are a fundamental part in many martial arts. The examples are: wushu, karate, kickboxing, tangsudo or taekwondo; whereas other arts do not use any kick, as it is in the case of judo or of boxing. Other martial arts can use kicks, although they limit them to attacks to the legs and to the lower parts of the body of the opponent.

There exists a great number of kicks, and a lot of them have typical names for each one. Frequently the same movement has different names in different martial arts. This is obvious especially when comparisons are done between western arts and oriental arts. 


(1) The front kicks and side kicks, in "penetrating" form, on the lower member are entitled between the professionals especially for certain titles, but not in all the lands.

(2) There exist numerous hybrid kicks, such as the "side-front" que the "side kick" with the hips rather frontal what allows an instant connection of the techniques of fist much useful in active defense

Category of the straight-legged kicks, called stick kick:

(*) Certain techniques can be spinning and jumping at the same time.


1644

1644 was a leap year.

Islam and clothing

Muslims have different dress codes for different contexts. Conservative ideas of "hijab" require people to dress modestly both for outside and religious contexts. Clothing for everyday wear, inside and outside the house is different, and very much depends on the family.

Muslim men often wear thobes as well as kufi hats.

Islam says that women should dress in a very special way. This dress code applies to women and adolescent girls, but not to children. Usually, women who travel to Muslim countries should also wear such dress.


Charles I of England

Charles I (19 November 1600 – 30 January 1649), was the king of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649. He was a son of James VI and I. He was married to Henrietta Maria of France. He was executed during the English Civil War.

Charles was born at Dunfermline Palace in Fife, Scotland, before his father James VI and I came to the throne of England.

Charles came to England in 1604. When Charles's older brother Henry Frederick died in 1612, Charles became the Prince of Wales and the heir apparent to his father's kingdoms. He had an elder brother, Henry, who was clever, handsome, popular, and rich, and next in line for the throne. Henry died suddenly in 1612, and then his brother Charles was made Prince of Wales in his place, showing that he was now the heir to the throne. Charles was less suited to be king than Henry had been, because he was small and weak and not as clever.

After his brother died, the person Charles was closest to was George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham, who was also his father's best friend. The Duke of Buckingham was very powerful and rich, but was not popular with most common people. He took Charles to Spain in the hope of finding him a Spanish princess as a bride, but they had a lot of problems on the journey and could not persuade the Spanish king to give them his daughter as a wife for Charles.

Charles sat in the Parliament of England's House of Lords in 1621. King James wanted Charles to marry Maria Anna of Spain because she was the sister of Philip IV of Spain. Charles travelled to Spain to meet Maria in 1623, but the journey was a disaster, the two did not marry, and Charles became an enemy of Spain.

On the way home, Charles went through France again, and there Charles met the French royal family.

Charles married Henrietta Maria of France because she was the sister of the French king, Louis XIII, and planned to fight Spain. The Parliament of England convened in 1624 because of Charles's plans. King James did not want a war, but he died in 1625.

His religious policies, and his marriage to a Roman Catholic, made him mistrusted by Reformed groups such as the English Puritans and Scottish Covenanters, who thought his views were too Catholic. He supported "high church" Anglican ecclesiastics, and failed to help Protestant forces enough in the Thirty Years' War. His attempts to force the Church of Scotland to adopt high Anglican practices strengthened the position of the English and Scottish parliaments and were a cause of his downfall.

Charles, now the king, convened the parliament again in 1625. The parliament did not give the king what the king wanted. The men in parliament did not like Charles's friend George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. Buckingham had gone with Charles to Spain and later helped him to marry Henrietta Maria. When Buckingham led the Royal Navy to attack Cadiz in Spain, the campaign was a failure, and the Parliament of England impeached him. Because of this, Charles stopped (dissolved) the parliament. He also wanted to send soldiers to help Protestants in the Kingdom of France, and made demands for more money as payment for the army. This campaign was also a failure, and the king had to agree to the Petition of Right in 1628. An army officer assassinated Buckingham that summer.

The Parliament of England convened again in 1629. There were many disagreements about religion and the organization of the Church of England. Charles gave support to the "High Church" group, but the parliament gave their support to the "Low Church" group. Charles supported Arminianism, but the parliament's House of Commons tried to make Arminianism illegal. To stop the House of Commons, the king again dissolved the parliament. Some members of parliament in the House of Commons tried to continue their session, but the king put them in prison. Charles continued to support Arminians in the Church of England, with the inclusion of William Laud, the Archbishop of Canterbury ("the chief bishop of all England"). The population disliked Laud and the Arminians, and disliked Charles's taxes. Between 1629 and 1640, the king controlled the government alone. There was no parliament. This time has the name "Personal Rule" or the "Eleven Years' Tyranny".

This made Charles very unpopular with the people, who did not like the different taxes they had to pay directly to the king, since Parliament could not vote to give him any budget. Many also did not like the King's closest adviser, William Laud, who was trying to force the Church of England to use the same Anglican Prayer Book and stop the many other Protestant denominations that were becoming popular at that time.

When the king and the Archbishop then tried to force a Prayer Book on Scotland, which was even more Protestant (Calvinist), armed rebellion broke out there. The Wars of the Three Kingdoms started in 1639 with the Bishops' Wars.

The members of Parliament, angry at the things that had been going on for 11 years, did not want to give him money to fight his war. Instead, they spent the session complaining about what had been going on in the country for the last 11 years. So after only three weeks, Charles dissolved Parliament again. For this reason, it was known as the Short Parliament. Without enough money, Charles lost the war badly, and had to pay the Scots even more money that he did not have. 

These wars were a failure for the king, and his position forced Charles to convene the Parliament of England in 1640. Parliament voted that the King had to call Parliament, and could not shut them down again. Charles had no choice but to agree. This Parliament is known as the Long Parliament, because it ended up lasting for twenty years, until 1660.

Charles was in a weak position, and he had to agree to acts of parliament that took away many of his royal powers. Laud and Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford were both impeached and later were executed. Parliament also tried to take control of the army away from the king. Many political conservatives were not pleased with this plan. Acting on the advice of his wife Queen Maria Henrietta, the king went with soldiers to the House of Commons in 1642 and tried to arrest his political enemies. They had gone. After this failure, the king left London and went to travel the country to look for help. With a collection of his political friends, Charles began the English Civil War with an army at Nottingham, and then moved to Oxford. 

The army of Parliament got the upper hand in this war, and Charles, after a crushing defeat in 1646, went to the Scots for protection. They decided to hand him over to the Parliament of England in 1647.

The war was a failure for the king, and Charles was made a prisoner. The king got out of Hampton Court Palace in 1647 and ran away to Carisbrooke Castle, on the Isle of Wight.

The governor of the Isle of Wight was on the side of Parliament and made the king a prisoner again. While he was being held at Carisbrooke Castle, Charles made an agreement with the Scots who joined his side, and the fighting started again in 1648. 

Charles's many enemies then fought among themselves in spring 1648. Because he was still making trouble for them even while he was captured, Parliament voted to put the king on trial. 

The army then removed the conservatives from parliament in a political purge in December as an insurance against more fighting. The men left in parliament then formed a court in order to hold a trial of the king. The court gave the king the death penalty. This had never been done to a king of England before. 

At the trial he was found guilty. He was decapitated in a public execution outside the Banqueting House of the palace at Whitehall. Some of the members of Parliament who were opposed to killing king Charles were purged, and from this time on, what was left of the Long Parliament became known as the Rump Parliament. This Parliament took complete power in England, and there was not a new king at all until 1660. 

Pepin the Short

Pepin the Short or Pippin (714 – September 24, 768), often known as Pepin the Younger or Pepin III, was King of the Franks from 751 to 768.

Pepin was the son of Charles Martel and Chrotrud (690 - 720), and was born in Jupille, Belgium.

In 740 Pepin married Bertrada of Laon. She was the daughter of Caribert of Laon. They had two sons and a daughter who lived long enough to become adults:


Pepin died at Saint Denis and is buried in the basilica with his wife, Bertrada of Laon. His sons, Charlemagne and Carloman, were each King of half the Kingdom of the Franks after him.

Sense and Sensibility

Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen. It was her first novel, and was published in 1811. The novel is mostly about two sisters, Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, and their life and loves. The story takes place in southern England in the 1790s.

Austen paid to have the book published. The publisher got a commission on sales. She made a profit of £140 (almost £5,000 in 2008 currency) on the first edition, which sold all 750 printed copies by July 1813. A second edition was advertised in October 1813.
























Pride and Prejudice

Pride and Prejudice is a book by Jane Austen. It was published in 1813. It was made into a movie in 1940 and again in 2005. There were two BBC television productions, in 1980 and 1995, and a 2005 movie.


"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife". (first line)

The story starts with Mr. Bingley, a wealthy, handsome young gentleman, who comes to town and rents a place near the Bennet family. He comes with quiet Mr. Darcy and his pretty sisters. Jane Bennet and Mr. Bingley begin to spend a lot of time with each other, even though the sisters of Mr. Bingley try to cut the attraction. Mr. Bingley is loved and admired by almost every woman in the town. Mr. Darcy is disliked by everybody, because of his arrogant way of talking and his mean attitude. Elizabeth Bennet, the second daughter of Mrs. Bennet, seems to despise Mr. Darcy. She despises him even more after he refused to dance with her at the ball.

Elizabeth soon grows to admire an officer named Wickham. He seems to equally hate Mr. Darcy. He tells her a sad story about how Mr. Darcy was mean to him. This story makes Elizabeth hate Mr. Darcy even more. Meanwhile, Mr. Darcy begins to fall in love with Elizabeth.

Bingley slowly begins to declare his proposal of marriage to Jane, when he suddenly has to leave to Netherfield. Netherfield is the house he lives at most of the time. He did not plan to leave for a long time but his sisters use this chance to move Bingley and Jane away from each other. The sisters follow Bingley to London. Bingley's quick leave makes Jane sad and confused. Elizabeth finds out that it is because of his sisters.

Before Mr. Bingley leaves, Mr. Collins, the man who was supposed to inherit all of Longbourn (where the Bennet family lives), appears. The rich and pompous Lady Catherine de Bourgh had employed him as a clergyman. Collins wanted to find a good wife from the daughters of Mr. Bennet. He tries to take Jane as his wife, but after learning about the relationship between her and Mr. Bingley, he tries to marry Elizabeth. He proposes, but Elizabeth rejects him. Her mother is angry because Elizabeth could have lived in Longbourn if she married Mr. Collins. Then Mr. Collins turns his attention to Elizabeth's friend, Charlotte Lucas. He decides to marry Charlotte. They marry and Charlotte invites Elizabeth over to her house for a short visit.

Elizabeth goes to Charlotte's house in the Spring. It is quite close to Rose Park. Rose Park is Lady Catherine de Bourgh's land. Mr. Darcy's aunt is Lady Catherine de Bourgh. He is staying there when Elizabeth visits and they meet. Elizabeth finds out that Mr. Darcy was the one who put an end to Mr. Bingley and Jane's love. She later rejects Mr. Darcy's proposal. She says all the mean thoughts she had about his cruelness towards Wickham and Jane and Mr. Bingley's relationship.

Darcy writes an explanation to Elizabeth in a letter. Mr. Wickham almost eloped with Darcy's 15-year-old sister, Georgianna. Mr. Wickham had only wanted her money. Also, Darcy told Bingley not to propose marriage to Jane because he thought that she did not actually love him. Elizabeth returns home soon after and thinks about Darcy's explanations and all her misunderstandings about him.

A few months later, Elizabeth visits Pemberly during her tour with her aunt and uncle. Pemberly is Darcy's land. Mr. Darcy meets them there. and is very kind to them during their visit. Mr. Darcy's kindness makes Elizabeth even more attracted to him. She also becomes friends with his sister Georgianna. Later, Elizabeths receives a letter from Jane. It contains sad news that their younger sister Lydia, has run off with Wickham. They find out that Wickham does not want to marry Lydia, but this would cause a scandal. Elizabeth and her uncle and aunt hurriedly return home. Elizabeth thinks that now Mr. Darcy will never speak to her again because of her sister's behavior.

Then, Lydia and Wickham are found and are married. They later visit Longbourn. While describing her wedding to Elizabeth, Lydia talks about Mr. Darcy. Elizabeth sends an inquiry to her aunt because she is surprised. She learns that Mr. Darcy had paid for all the wedding expenses and paid Wickham to marry Lydia.

Bingley and Darcy come to Longbourn. Bingley proposes to Jane, and she accepts. Mr. Darcy proposes to Elizabeth, even though Lady Catherine does not like Elizabeth. Elizabeth accepts the proposal. Jane and Elizabeth marry their lovers on the same day.


Emma (novel)

Emma is a book by Jane Austen. It was first published in the year 1815. Jane Austen teased readers with the idea of a "heroine whom no one but myself will much like" when she began writing "Emma". It is a comedy about Emma Woodhouse, a rich young lady growing up in the fictional community of Hartfield, in 19th century England. The book is about the troubles Emma causes when she tries matchmaking.

Emma Woodhouse is a rich and beautiful young woman. The book starts by introducing her, and with her governess, Miss Taylor's wedding with Mr. Weston, a cheerful neighbor. Emma quickly becomes friends with Harriet Smith, a "natural daughter".









Chris Martin

Christopher Anthony John "Chris" Martin (born 2 March 1977) is an English singer, songwriter and musician for the band Coldplay. He also plays the guitar. He was born in Whitestone, Exeter, Devon, England. He married Gwyneth Paltrow in 2003. They have two children, a daughter, Apple (born 2004) and a son, Moses (born 2006). The couple separated in 2014. 

His band members are called Jonny Buckland (lead guitarist), Guy Berryman (bass guitarist) and Will Champion (drummer). They met while studying at University College London. In January 1998, they formed the rock band Coldplay. They were influenced by the Scottish rock band Travis. U2 was another important influence on Martin both musically and politically. 

Chris Martin does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol. PETA said he was the World's Sexiest Vegetarian in 2005.

Joseph Fiennes

Joseph Alberic Fiennes is an English actor. He was born on 27 May 1970 in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. His parents were Jennifer Lash and Mark Fiennes. Joseph is the youngest of six children. His brothers and sisters are Ralph Fiennes, Sophie Fiennes, Martha Fiennes, Magnus Fiennes and his twin brother, Jacob Fiennes. He is best known for acting in the movie "Shakespeare in Love".

Wikibooks

Wikibooks (previously called Wikimedia Free Textbook Project and Wikimedia-Textbooks) is a collection of free books. It is one of many projects that are run by the Wikimedia Foundation. It is a wiki, which makes it possible for anyone to edit.

Some books are original, but others have started as text copied from other sources of free-content textbooks found on the Internet.

The CC-BY-SA license covers all the content that is in Wikibooks.

In February 2010, the Simple English Wikibooks was closed and locked.

Wikijunior is a subproject of Wikibooks that has books for children. The project consists of both a magazine and a website and is currently being developed in English, Danish, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish. It is funded by a grant from the Beck Foundation.

Pages in Wikijunior will have the Wikijunior: prefix in front of the page's name.


Charles IX of France

Charles IX of France (June 27, 1550 – May 30, 1574) was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois.

Charles was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France, on June 27, 1550. His parents were Henry II of France and Catherine of Medici.

Charles was married to Elizabeth of Austria on November 26, 1570. They had one child, Mary Elizabeth of France (October 27, 1572 – April 9, 1578), who died young.

Charles died in Vincennes, France, on May 30, 1574. He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. The next King was Henry III of France.

Henry III of France

Henry III of France (September 19, 1551 – August 2, 1589) was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois. He was also a King of Poland.

Henry was born in Fontainbleau, France, on September 19, 1551. His parents were Henry II of France and Catherine de Medici. He was Catherine de Medici's favourite son.

Henry was married to Louise of Lorraine on February 13, 1575. They had no children.

Henry died in Saint-Cloud, France, on August 2, 1589, after being stabbed with a knife. He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. Henry was the last King of the Valois Dynasty. The next King was Henry IV of France, who was a member of the Bourbon Dynasty.

981

981 was a common year.


997

997 was a common year beginning on Friday.


999

The year 999 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.


1015

1015 was a common year.


418

418 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.


Constance of Arles

Constance of Arles (c. 986 – 28 July 1032), also known as Constance of Provence, was queen of France as the third spouse of King Robert II of France, They were married in 1003 after Robert had divorced his second wife, Bertha. She was buried in the Saint Denis Basilica with Robert II of France.

They had several children:

Matilda of Boulogne

Queen Matilda of Boulogne (1105 – May 3, 1152) was the wife of Stephen of England. She also became the Countess of Boulogne when her father died in 1125.

Matilda was born in Boulogne, France. She was the daughter of Eustace III of Boulogne and Mary of Scotland. Matilda's mother, Mary, was the daughter of Malcolm III of Scotland and Saint Margaret of Scotland.

Matilda married Stephen I of England in 1125. They were deeply in love until two of their children died Baldwin and Matilda.

Matilda died at Hedingham Castle, Essex, England. She was buried in Faversham Abbey.

Marie of Boulogne

Marie of Boulogne was the Countess of Boulogne from 1159 until 1170.

Marie was the daughter of Stephen of England and Matilda of Boulogne. She was placed in a convent when she was young so that she could become a nun. When her brother, William of Blois, died, she became the heir of the Count of Boulogne. She had to leave the convent and was married to Matthew of Alsace. Marie and Matthew ruled Boulogne together, but their marriage was not happy and they got a divorce in 1170. 

After Marie died, Matthew continued to be the Count of Boulogne until 1173. After this Marie and Matthew's daughter, Ida of Boulogne, became Countess of Boulogne. Marie and Matthew's other daughter, Maud of Boulogne, became the wife of Henry I of Brabant.

Marie of France

Marie of France was the eldest daughter of Louis VII of France and Eleanor of Aquitaine. In 1164 she was married to Henry I of Champagne. Their children included:

Alix of France

Alix of France (July/August 1150 - 1197/1198) was the youngest daughter of Louis VII of France and Eleanor of Aquitaine. She was married to Theobald V of Blois in 1164. Their children included:

Margaret of Blois

Margaret of Blois was Countess of Blois from 1218 until 1230. She was the daughter of Theobald V of Blois and Alix of France. Her mother was the daughter of Louis VII of France and Eleanor of Aquitaine. 

Margaret was married to Otto I of Burgundy.

Feta cheese

Feta cheese (, feminine gender; pronounced ), or simply Feta is a kind of cheese. Usually it is made from the milk of sheep or goats. Feta cheese originally is from the Greek mainland, or from Lesbos in the Aegean Sea.

It is an ingredient in a Greek Salad.

Other cheese (which is usually not from Greece and is usually made from cow milk) must not be called "Feta" from 2007. The European Court said so in its decisions C-465/02 and C-466/02 (from October 25, 2005).

This ruling is only valid for the European Union, and other countries in Europe. Several member state of the WTO still think that the term "feta" is generic. European Member states wanted to ddefend this protected designation of origin at the WTO talks in Doha.

What is now called "feta cheese" was known to Ancient Greeks. Homer must have known about it. There were several references to the cheese in the "Odyssey". According to the myth, the cyclops Polyphemos was the first cheese manufacturer. He carried the milk in animal-skin bags. He had collected the milk from his sheep. He was very surprised to see that days later the milk had become solid. When Polyphemus tried to eat it, it tasted well. He also found that as such a solid, it would go bad later than with milk.

The name "Feta" has an Italian origin. It is derived from "fetta" (slice), and dates back to the 17th century. Very likely this referred to the method of cutting the cheese in slices to put it in barrels.


Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band

Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is an album released by the Beatles. It was the eighth Beatles album released in the United Kingdom. It was released on 1 June 1967. It was at the top of music charts in the UK for twenty-seven weeks. It has many well-known songs, such as "When I'm Sixty-Four" and "A Day in the Life", which John Lennon and Paul McCartney worked on together. For a while before this album came out, The Beatles had been trying new things when they made records, but this album made a much bigger change in the way they sounded.

The album title was used later for a 1978 Universal Pictures movie. Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees played Sgt. Pepper's band, while Billy Preston was the Sergeant. George Burns played Mr. Kite (the mayor), Steve Martin (in his first film) played Maxwell Edison, and Aerosmith was the Future Villain Band. It consistently holds the top spot on critics' lists of the greatest albums of all time.

Winter Palace

The Winter Palace in St. Petersburg, Russia, is one of the greatest and largest palaces. From 1732 to 1917, it was the official residence of the Russian Tsars. It was built on the shores of the Neva River between 1754 and 1762.

Tsar Nicholas I, in the 19th century, was responsible for the palace's present appearance and layout. He made many changes to the interior of the palace, and was responsible for its complete rebuilding after the fire of 1837.

On 30 October 1917, the palace was declared to be part of the Hermitage Museum. Today, the palace, as part one of the world's most famous museums, attracts an annual 3.5 million visitors.

Standing's day gecko

The Standing's day gecko (Phelsuma standingi Methuen & Hewitt, 1913) is a type of gecko. It is diurnal, which means that it sleeps during the night and is awake during the day. It lives in southwest Madagascar and usually is found on trees. Standing's day gecko eats insects and nectar (a type of drink created by flowers).

Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor

Charles VI (1 October 1685 – 20 October 1740) was Holy Roman Emperor from 12 October 1711 to 20 October 1740. He was emperor after his elder brother, Joseph I. His daughter, Maria Theresia of Austria, inherited the throne after he died.

Pierre Trudeau

Joseph Philippe Pierre Yves Elliott Trudeau (October 18, 1919 in Montreal, Canada – September 28, 2000 in Montreal, Canada) was the 15th Canadian Prime Minister during the 1970s (1968 - 1979), and then again from 1980 - 1984. He is thought by many Canadian citizens today as having been the greatest Canadian Prime Minister ever. His son is the 23rd and current Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.

He had many challenges during the 1970s, including the October Crisis, and in 1980 held the country together by defeating the referendum on Quebec sovereignty (the province of Quebec wanted to leave Canada and become its own country), and keeping Quebec a member of the Canadian state. Another popular event associated with Pierre Trudeau is Trudeaumania, which referred to how much he was liked by the Canadian people. As a relatively young man, he was very close to the youth of the time, as well as funny, and he appealed to everyone by being so understanding and just like a normal person. This kind of Prime Minister had never been seen before, and it made people feel like he was a good, friendly person.

Trudeau retired from being the Prime Minister in 1984, after which he did not speak to the public very much. He died of prostate cancer and Parkinson's disease in Montreal on September 28, 2000. After he died, his son, Justin Trudeau, spoke at his funeral, which was shown all over the country. He said "je t'aime" (French for "I love you") and cried on his father's coffin. After this moving eulogy (a speech at a funeral about the dead person), many Canadian people thought Justin would have a future in politics; Justin is the 23 Prime Minister of Canada, elected in 2015. 

Jennifer Lopez

Jennifer Lynn Affleck (née Lopez) (born July 24, 1969) is an American singer, actress, dancer, fashion designer, businesswoman and television personality. She's most known for her performances in "Selena", "Maid in Manhattan", "Out of Sight" (co-starring George Clooney), "Monster-in-Law", "The Cell", and "An Unfinished Life" (with Robert Redford and Morgan Freeman). She also was a judge for the talent reality series "American Idol" in 2011 and from 2014 until the show's series finale in 2016.

She began her career as a "Fly Girl" dancer on the 1990s TV series, "In Living Color". Her first album "On the 6" was released in 1999. It contains the hit singles "If You Had My Love", "No Me Ames", "Waiting for Tonight", "Feelin' So Good" and "Let's Get Loud". She released "J.Lo" in 2001, her most successful album to date. "" and "This Is Me... Then" were released in 2002. The album "Brave" was released in 2007, followed by "Love?" in 2011. She has released one greatest hits album, "Dance Again... The Hits", in 2012. Her most recent album is "A.K.A.", which was released in 2014.

She has many records, including record for having a movie and album ("The Wedding Planner", and "J.Lo") both #1 on the same week.

Lopez' first three marriages ended in divorce.

From February 1997 until January 1998 Lopez was married to Ojani Noa.

From September 2001 until June 2002 she was married to Cris Judd.

On June 5, 2004, Lopez married Marc Anthony. On February 22, 2008, she gave birth via c-section to their twins, a boy, Maximillian David, and a girl, Emme Maribel Muñiz. The couple separated in July 2011 and divorced in June 2014.

From 2011 to 2016, she dated backup dancer Casper Smart.

From 2017 to 2021, Lopez has been in a relationship with former MLB star Alex Rodriguez. They were engaged in March 2019. They split in 2021. 

After dating from 2002 to 2004, Lopez reconciled with and began dating actor Ben Affleck in April 2021. She publicly confirmed their relationship on her 52nd birthday later that July. Affleck and Lopez were married in Las Vegas at the Little White Wedding Chapel on July 16, 2022.





Anne of Brittany

Anne of Brittany (January 25, 1477 - January 9, 1514) was a Duchess of Brittany.

Anne was the daughter of Francis II of Brittany and Margaret of Foix. She was born in Nantes (then in Brittany, now officially outside that Région) on January 25, 1477.

Anne was married to Charles VIII of France on December 6, 1491. They had four children, but all of them died young.

After Charles died, Anne married Louis XII of France on January 8, 1499. They had two daughters:

Anne died in the Chateau of Blois on January 9, 1514.

Ritual

A ritual (or a rite) is a set of actions people do. In a ritual, the actions are important because every action stands for something. Each ritual of a type is done in a certain way. Danger might be involved in carrying out the ritual. When the ritual has been performed successfully, it is often followed by a celebration.

Rituals can mark a personal change. For example, a rite of passage may show that a child has reached the age of majority. All societies seem to have had them.

A religious rite is a religious ceremony. Many rituals have a religious significance and are part of the religion or traditions of a community. The rite signals that those who take part are members of the religion, or believers in the religion. The rite may signal status, qualification, prayer and commitment to the god or to the belief.

A rite need not be to a religion as understood in the present day. Fervent support of a sports team, or kissing the ring of an organised crime lord, or a military enrollment is equally a rite, because it has consequences for the behaviour of the person, and for their beliefs.

A ritual can also be linked to obsessive compulsive disorder, when a person believes that performing the ritual again and again is necessary.


Maria Theresa of Austria

Maria Theresa of Austria (13 May 1717 – 29 November 1780) was the only female sovereign of the Habsburg Dynasty. She reigned as the de facto Empress Regnant of the Holy Roman Empire and Queen of Germany. She was also queen of Hungary and Bohemia, archduchess of Austria, and held many other titles. 

During her rule she changed the royal palace outside Vienna (the Austrian capital) to look much like Versailles. Vienna itself became an important center for the arts, especially music. Maria Theresa added support to her absolute power by tightening her hold on the government. She also improved conditions for the peasants. She is generally known to history as the Empress Maria Theresa.

Maria Theresa was born in Vienna, Austria, on 13 May 1717. Her parents were Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor and Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Her father had made the Pragmatic Sanction of 1713, a decree which allowed a female ruler despite the Salic law prohibition. 

Maria Theresa married Duke Francis Stephan I of Lorraine for love. They had sixteen children:

Maria Theresa died in Vienna, Austria, on 29 November 1780.

Marie Antoinette

Marie Antoinette (2 November 1755 – 16 October 1793) was the last Queen of France, as the wife of King Louis XVI, before the monarchy was ended in the French Revolution. She was born as Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna (Marie Antoinette Joseph Jeanne) as an Archduchess of Austria.

She married Louis in 1770, when she was 14 years old and four years before he became the king. They were not close at first, and at first it was difficult for them to have children. After seven years of marriage, she gave birth to a daughter, and later to three more children. She was the mother of Louis XVII of France, who never actually became king.

Although she was not unpopular at first, many people in France did not want the country to have an Austrian queen. France's alliance with Austria was unpopular; the two countries had been enemies until 1756, and their alliance had led to France's defeat in the Seven Years' War. It was not until during the French Revolution that she became an unpopular symbol of the old French monarchy ("Ancien Régime"). There were rumours that she spent too much money, had lovers and supported France's enemies. There was a rumour that when she learned that peasants were starving, she said "Let them eat cake," but there is no evidence she said this. Many of these rumours were started by other people at the court, where Marie Antoinette had few friends. It is not clear what caused the French Revolution, but there were far bigger causes than her spending.

She helped plan the royal family's failed escape from Paris in 1791. This caused many people to think that the royal family, especially Marie Antoinette, were plotting with foreign governments to overthrow the elected government. The royal family were arrested in 1792 and the monarchy was abolished. She was executed by guillotine in 1793, nine months after her husband was executed.

On the morning of 2 November 1755, Maria Teresa, Queen of Hungary and Empress of the Holy Roman Empire, gave birth to Marie Antoinette, her fifteenth child and last daughter. The Empress quickly became well again after giving birth, and was reported to have looked happy and healthy. Marie's full name at her time of birth was Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna. But when she moved to France, she was called by the French version of her name, Marie Antoinette. Marie Antoinette was taken care of by Constance Weber, a wet-nurse of the royal family. When Marie Antoinette was a child, she often gave gifts to Constance Weber and her son, Joseph. According to Joseph, Marie Antoinette once said to Constance, "Good Weber, have a care for your son."

Joseph Weber added that the Archdukes and Archduchesses were allowed to make friends with "ordinary" (common) children. Except on formal celebrations, people who did not have a very high birth or title were still liked and allowed into the court. Marie Antoinette was known as "Antoine" when she was young. The Austrian court young Madame Antoine grew up in was already beginning to become much less formal. Antoine was taught by Countess Brandeis, who loved Marie Antoinette and treated her very kindly. Antoine's first recorded letter, written when she was 11 or 12, was to "dearest Brandeis" from "your faithful pupil (student) who loves you dearly, Antoine". However, though the countess taught Antoine about morality and religion, she did not educate her on many other subjects, and Antoine did not like to concentrate. Later, one of her friends said that when she talked, her words were not connected, "like a grasshopper". In fact, when Antoine was 12 she could not write or even speak French and German properly, though she spoke Italian well. She greatly loved music, though. In 1759, shortly before she became four years old, Antoine sang a French song at a party for her father, while her brothers and sisters sang Italian songs. She listened to and met Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart who was playing "marvellously" once, too. Mozart tried to propose to Antoinette. She would eventually be a fan of Mozart’s music. She was also famous for her beautiful dancing and the graceful way she carried her head. She had been officially taught by the famous French ballet master Jean-Georges Noverre. She was much less skilled at reading.

Still, she loved her childhood home in Vienna and later missed it very much. She once said about her mother, "I love the Empress but I'm frightened (afraid) of her, even at a distance; when I'm writing to her, I never feel completely at ease (comfortable)." She disliked her sister, the Archduchess Marie "Mimi" Christine, who her mother seemed to love most. But her relationship with her sister Maria "Charlotte" Carolina was quite different: they loved each other warmly. They were very close, and a painter later said that they "resembled (looked like) each other greatly". Charlotte was more forceful, and Antoine was usually thought to be prettier.

At the beginning of 1767 the Empress had five daughters with her. Marie Christine was already married to Prince Albert of Saxony. Elizabeth, who was very pretty, was 23, Amalia almost 21, Josepha was 16, Charlotte was 14, and Antoine was now 12. The Empress wanted Josepha, who was gentle and pretty, to marry Charles III of Spain. But then bad things started to happen. Her son Joseph's second wife died because of smallpox and was buried. After that Maria Teresa caught the smallpox and almost died.

Then Maria Teresa took her daughter Josepha, who was about to begin her bridal journey to Naples, to go to the tomb of Joseph's wife to pray. But the tomb had not been closed tightly enough. Probably because of this, Josepha suddenly caught smallpox and died. Elizabeth also caught the disease. She lived, but her beauty was gone. Antonia, who had caught smallpox when she was two years old and become healthy again, did not catch the disease.

But a bride was still needed for King Ferdinand of Naples. Maria Teresa quickly wrote a letter explaining what had happened to Charles III of Spain a month after Josepha died. "I grant of my daughters to make good the loss," she wrote. "I do currently (right now) have two who could fit, one is the Archduchess Amalia who is said to have a pretty face and whose health should other is the Archduchess Charlotte who is also very healthy and a year and seven months younger than the King of Naples." Soon, the King of Naples married Charlotte and Amalia was married to Louis XV's grandson, Don Ferdinand of Parma. Amalia was not happy with her mother's decision.

The only daughter left was now Marie Antoinette. Empress Maria Theresa decided to use Antonia to make Austria become friendly with France. After long discussions, Antonia was engaged to Louis-Auguste, Dauphin of France. The duc de Choiseul from France and the Prince of Starhemberg from Austria helped arrange the wedding.

They immediately began preparing Marie Antoinette for her marriage. Her teeth were crooked, but a French dentist came to fix it. After a painful three months, Marie Antoinette had a smile that was "very beautiful and straight". Her thick "mountain of curls" were dressed by Larsenneur, a famous hairdresser who powdered and softened her hair. Marie Antoinette also had a high forehead which was thought unfashionable at that time. though she had a long, graceful neck.

Her education was also changed. In November 1768, the Abbe Jacques-Mathieu de Vermond went to Vienna to teach Antonia. She was clever, but without the knowledge a future queen should have. She was also lazy and unable to concentrate. She could not read or write properly in French or German, but a year after Vermond had arrived, she could speak it well enough. By the time she left Austria, she was speaking French easily and well, even if it had a small German accent. The Abbe also found that Marie Antoinette did not know much about French history, which they studied carefully together. In the end, Marie received a fairly good education.

Marie Antoinette was publicly executed by guillotine for treason in Paris, France, on 16 October 1793, months after the death of her husband. Her youngest son Louis-Charles, later died of tuberculosis and malnutrition during the revolution. She was buried in the Saint Denis Basilica. Her eldest daughter, Marie Therese, was the only one of their family to survive the revolution.




Montesquieu

Charles-Louis de third, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu (18 January 1689 – 10 February 1755), was commonly known as Montesquieu. was a French political thinker who lived during the Age Of Enlightenment. He is famous for his theory of the separation of powers in government. Many constitutions all over the world use it. He helped make the terms "feudalism" and "Byzantine Empire" popular.

Before Montesquieu, the standard feudal system was called "the three estates":

Montesquieu's work divided French people into three classes: three classes (or trias politica, a term he coined):

These should be balanced, so that no one power would be able to overcome the other two, either singly or in combination. This was a radical idea because it eliminated the three estates structure. Montesquieu's ideas are important because they ended the feudalistic structure. They also helped inspire the constitution of many countries, including the United States.

Some of Montesquieu's ideas are still controversial. He believed that women could be leaders in government. But he thought women could not lead a family. He supported a hereditary aristocracy and primogeniture. Hereditary means that the title passes from the parents to the children.

Montesquieu describes an unusual idea in his essays "The Spirit of the Laws" and "Persian Letters". This idea is the climate theory. It says that climate, the weather of a place, influences the nature of man and his society. Montesquieu thought that some climates were better than others. He believed the mild climate of France is the best. He believed people from hot countries are "too hot-tempered". People in cold, northern countries are "icy" or "stiff." The climate in middle Europe therefore breeds the best people. (This view is possibly influenced by similar statements in "Germania" by Tacitus, one of Montesquieu's favourite authors.)

Montesquieu's philosophy that "government should be set up so that no man need be afraid of another" prompted the creators of the Constitution to divide the U.S. government into three separate branches.




Aristocracy

Aristocracy is a kind of government that puts power in the hands of a small, privileged ruling class. In Ancient Greek, the word aristocracy means "the rule of the best", but it has come to be linked with rule by Nobility. A member of the aristocracy is an aristocrat.

There are different kinds of aristocracy with different ways the government is set up. In history, most aristocracies are hereditary. Members of the ruling group have passed on power to their eldest surviving Child. In most cases, this was their son. Daughters were often excluded from this. Aristocracy can be combined with other kinds of government. There were small groups of people that run a country. The people were called aristocrats and often had titles such as duke, duchess, baron and baroness.

Some good examples of this are the Spartiates in Sparta, the eupatridae in Athens, the patricians or Optimates in Rome to name a few



Poseidon

Poseidon () is the god of the sea, earthquakes, storms and horses in ancient Greek religion and myth. He was one of the Twelve Olympians. His parents were Kronos and Rhea. He was the older brother of Zeus yet not by much.

Poseidon was generally regarded as an ill-tempered being. His mood was a reflection of the state of his realm. He was thought to conjure up violent storms at sea when angered. While he was married to the goddess Amphitrite, one of the Nereids, like his brother Zeus, Poseidon had a number of affairs with other goddesses and mortal woman, siring such heroes as Theseus and Bellerophon. Lord of the waters, Poseidon was both patron and protector of both sailors and seafarers, who would pray to him for safe passage across the sea. Poseidon was often regarded as the “Father of Horses,” as they were thought to be his creations. He was additionally the chief deity and patron of the city of Corinth, whereupon the Isthmian Games were held every other four years in his honor. Otherwise known as the Earth-Shaker (), Poseidon was thought to be the cause of such disasters, striking the Earth with his trident (a three-pronged spear) whenever he was particularly enraged. The god's symbol was his trident and the bull, horse and dolphin were his sacred animals. The god Neptune is his Roman equivalent. Neptune was a more war-like figure. He is named after the ship which sank by a tsunami.


Object-oriented programming

Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a way of writing computer programs using "objects" to stand for data and methods. Often, computer programs that are not object-oriented are a list of instructions for the computer, telling it to do certain things in a certain way. This is called procedural programming. However, in object-oriented programming, computer programs use objects that talk to one another to change the data in those objects and to work in a way that the user wants. Because of the way object-oriented programming is designed, it helps the developer by allowing for code to be easily reused by other parts of the program or even by other people.

Most programming languages are a mix of different ways of writing computer programs (called programming paradigms). For example, Python allows for computer programs to be written both in object-oriented programming and in procedural programming. There are many programming languages that allow you to write computer programs in object-oriented programming. Some of these programming languages are: C++, Java, Ruby, Perl, Emarald, Sapphire, PHP, Python, C#, etc.

The main idea of object-oriented programming is that everything is an object. However, the object can be of different types:

Objects is a term used to refer to instances of classes.

In the examples below, we create a class called codice_1. This class contains the attributes codice_2 (for the name of the person) and codice_3 (for the name of the friend). Each of the methods in the codice_1 class contains a list of instructions that makes use of both the codice_2 and codice_3 attributes.

This code is in Python.
class Human(object):

stephen = Human("Stephen")
joe = Human("Joe", stephen)

stephen.say_name() # Shows 'My name is Stephen'
stephen.say_goodnight() # Shows 'Good night nobody.'
joe.say_name() # Shows 'My name is Joe'
joe.say_goodnight() # Shows 'Good night Stephen'
This code is in Java.


public class Human {


public class Main {

Even though object-oriented programming is popular, some people think that it is bad and criticize it.

Message passing

In computer science, a message is a bit of data, which is sent by a sender, to a recipient. This is usually done by copying the data around. In an event-driven model, the recipient will then act in a certain way to the message.

Handball

Handball (also known as team handball, field handball or Olympic handball) is a team sport similar to football (soccer). Two teams of 7 players each (six players and a goalkeeper) pass and bounce a ball using the hands, trying to throw it into the goal of the other team. Games are an hour of playing time, divided into 30-minute halves, with 15 minutes break at halftime. The size of the court is a little bigger than a basketball court, 40 meters by 20 meters, which is the same court as indoor soccer. It has a six-meter line which no one but the goalie is allowed to have possession of the ball and touching the ground. If this happens, a foul is called and the player committing the foul gets ejected, (sitting out of the game for two minutes, five minutes, or the rest of the game). There are seven players total on a handball team, six players and a goalie. Most historians agree that handball predates soccer, (football) but that is not for certain


Oscar

Oscar can refer to two things:

Twelve Olympians

The Twelve Olympians are the most important gods of Greek mythology, who lived atop Mount Olympus (Mytikas peek 2917.727 m). Seventeen gods have been said to have been Olympians, but there were never more than twelve at the same time. 

Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Demeter, Ares, Hermes, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Athena, Apollo, and Artemis are always considered to be Olympians. Hestia, Dionysus, and Hades are the gods who have sometimes been Olympians. Thus, it is theorised that Hestia gave up her place to Dionysus because she wanted to live amongst humans however no records of this actually exist

The Olympians became the most important gods when Zeus and his brothers and sisters won a war against the Titans. Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Demeter, Hestia, and Hades are all brothers and sisters. All the other gods are Zeus's children and have different mothers.


Sandro Botticelli

Alessandro di Mariano di Vanni Filipepi ( – May 17, 1510), known as Sandro Botticelli (, ), was one of the greatest painters of the Florentine Renaissance. His The Birth of Venus and Primavera are often said to epitomize for modern viewers the spirit of the Renaissance. His most famous painting is Birth of Venus, however he does have a lot of famous artworks: Fortitude, Madonna and Child, Adoration of the kings and many more. His auction record tops 10 million. Sandro Botticelli was unique; he was influenced by the revival of Greek and roman ideas in Florence at the time, Botticelli was one of the first western artists since classical times to depict non religious subject matter

Botticelli was born in Florence in the working-class "rione" of "Ognissanti". At first he did an apprenticeship to become a goldsmith. Following the boy's wishes, his doting father sent him to Fra Filippo Lippi. Lippi was working on frescoing the Convent of the Carmine. Lippi's synthesis of the new control of three-dimensional forms, tender expressiveness in face and gesture, and decorative details inherited from the late Gothic style were the strongest influences on Botticelli. Another influence were the Pollaiuolo brothers.They were doing a series of Virtues for the Tribunale or meeting hall of the Mercanzia. This hall was a cloth-merchants' confraternity.Botticelli contributed to this the "Fortitude", dated 1470 in the Uffizi Gallery.

He was an apprentice too of Andrea del Verrocchio, where Leonardo da Vinci worked beside him, but he made his name in his local Church of Ognissanti, with a "St. Augustine" that successfully competed as a pendant with Domenico Ghirlandaio's "Jerome" on the other side "the head of the saint being expressive of profound thought and quick subtlety" (Vasari). In 1470 he opened his own independent "studio".

Lorenzo de' Medici was quick to employ his talent. Botticelli made consistent use of the circular "tondo" form and did many beautiful female nudes, according to Vasari. The "Birth of Venus" was at the Medici villa of Castello.

Sandro was intensely religious. In later life, he was one of Savonarola's followers. Botticelli burned his own paintings on pagan themes in the notorious "Bonfire of the Vanities". Earlier, Botticelli had painted an "Assumption of the Virgin" for Matteo Palmieri in a chapel at San Pietro Maggiore. In this painting, it was rumored, both the patron who dictated the iconic scheme and the painter who painted it, were guilty of heresy. People did not say what kind of heresy it was. The ideas that could be seen as heresy seem to be gnostic in character:

This is a common misunderstanding. It is based on a mistake by Vasari. The painting referred to here, now in the National Gallery in London, is by the artist Botticini. Vasari confused their similar sounding names.

The "Adoration of the Magi" for Santa Maria Novella, ca1476, contains portraits of Cosimo de' Medici ("the finest of all that are now extant for its life and vigour"), his grandson Giuliano de' Medici, and Cosimo's son Giovanni, were effusively described by Vasari:

In 1481, Pope Sixtus IV summoned him and prominent Florentine and Umbrian artists who had been summoned to fresco the walls of the Sistine Chapel. The iconological program was the supremacy of the Papacy. Sandro's contribution was moderately successful.
He returned to Florence, and "being of a sophistical turn of mind, he there wrote a commentary on a portion of Dante and illustrated the Inferno which he printed, spending much time over it, and this abstension from work led to serious disorders in his living." Thus Vasari characterized the first printed Dante (1481) with Botticelli's decorations; he could not imagine that the new art of printing might occupy an artist. As for the subject, when Fra Girolamo Savonarola began to preach hellfire and damnation, the susceptible Sandro Botticelli became one of his adherents, a "piagnone" left painting as a worldly vanity, burned much of his own early work, fell into poverty as a result, and would have starved but for the tender support of his former patrons.


Hermes

Hermes is the "messenger of the gods". He is the god of winter, travellers and shepherds in Greek mythology. He is one of the Twelve Olympians, and is often shown with his caduceus. 

Hermes is the son of Zeus and Maia. He was born on Mount Cyllene. The story of his birth was told in the Homeric Hymn, which means "Hymn to Hermes". It said that Maia was a nymph.

Hermes was very clever and on his first day invented the lyre, by using the shell of a tortoise. He carries a golden sword. One of the myths about Hermes is that he once stole his brother's oxen, and burned them as a sacrifice.



Maia

Maia is the goddess of the fields in Greek mythology. She is the oldest of the Pleiades. She is also the most beautiful and the shyest. 

The Pleiades were the seven daughters of Atlas and Pleione. Maia and her sisters were all born on Mount Cyllene, which is in Arcadia. 

Maia was the mother of Hermes by Zeus, who is another god. She gave birth to Hermes in a cave in Arcadia. After Maia gave birth to Hermes she wrapped him in blankets and then went to sleep. When she woke up, Hermes had crawled away to Thessaly and had invented the lyre and stole some of Apollo's cattle.

Maia also looked after Arkas when Hera had turned his mother, Kallisto, into a bear.


Pleiades (mythology)

The Pleiades are seven nymphs in Greek mythology, and companions of Artemis. They were the seven daughters of Atlas and the nymph Pleione. They were all born on Mount Cyllene, which is in Arcadia.


Medieval commune

Medieval townspeople in western Europe during the period of the High Middle Ages needed protection from lawless nobles and bandits. The walled city was protection from direct assault, but once a townsperson left the city walls, he or she was at the mercy of often violent and lawless nobles in the countryside. Because much of medieval Europe didnt have anything like a police force each city had to provide its own protection for citizens both inside the city walls, and outside. In order to do this towns formed what are called communes.

Communes "were sworn allegiances of mutual defense". When a commune was formed, all participating members gathered and swore an oath together, in public, they would defend each other in time of trouble. In addition they would swear to maintain the peace within the city proper.

What did it mean for a commune member to defend another? Obviously if a commune member was attacked outside the city it was too late to call for help as it would be unlikely anyone would be around in time. Instead the commune would promise to exact revenge on the attacker, the promise of revenge being a form of defence. However, what would happen if the attacker was a noble who had a castle, too strong for the townspeople? This was often the case and certainly the town commune could not gather the people to attack a castle. Instead they might attack the nobles family, or burn his crops, or kill his serfs, or destroy his orchards. It was eye for eye violent revenge.

The commune movement started in the 11th century in northern Italy which had the most urbanized population of Europe at the time, and in what is now Belgium which was also relatively urban at the time. It then spread in the early 12th century to France, Germany, and Spain and elsewhere. England never saw much of the commune movement because it was by comparison a pretty well run kingdom and did not need local protection forces. Although in most cases the development of communes was connected with that of the cities, there were also rural communes, notably in France and England, that were formed to protect the common interests of villagers.

The Church and King had mixed reactions to communes. On the one hand they agreed safety and protection from lawless nobles was in everyone's best interest. The communes intention was to keep the peace through the threat of revenge, and the Church was sympathetic to the result of peace. However the Church had their own ways to enforce the peace such as the Peace and Truce of God movement, for example. On the other hand, communes disrupted the order of medieval society. The methods the commune used, eye for an eye, violence begets violence, were generally not acceptable to Church or King. Normally only the noble lords are allowed to fight and the merchant townspeople were the workers, not fighters. There was a sense the communes were a threat to the medieval 3-tiered social order: Those who work, those who pray, those who fight. Communes crossed the line between working and fighting. As such communes were sometimes accepted, and other times not by the Church and King. One of the most famous cases of a commune being suppressed and the resulting defiant urban revolt occurred in the French town of Laon in 1112.

Imperialism

Imperialism is a policy (way of governing) in which large or powerful countries seek to extend their authority beyond their own borders. The policy of imperialism aims at the creation of an empire. 

Imperialist countries take control of other countries. They may use military force to do this. However, they may also avoid using military force. They may simply establish economic and/or political control over the other country. 

Imperialist policies of countries or kingdoms have goals of taking over more land to create bigger empires. 

The ruler of an empire gains natural resources such as agricultural and mining products. Human resources are also gained. Conquered peoples may be forced into slavery or into low-wage work. They may also be called into military service on behalf of the empire. Trade markets are also gained. The people under an imperial government may be forced to buy products from that government or from that government's industries. 

Thus, a policy of imperialism can vastly enrich the imperialist country. This benefit can extend over a long period of time.

Imperialism has been practised throughout recorded history. However, there is one historical period that is specifically known as the Age of Imperialism. This period extends from the early 18th century to the mid-20th century. 

During the Age of Imperialism, modern and industrialised countries competed for control of pre-industrial parts of the world. In pre-industrial areas, natural and human resources were widely and cheaply available. The imperialist countries that acquired the largest empires during the Age of Imperialism are The United Kingdom, France, Germany, Japan, and the United States.

Some writers use the term "imperialism" informally. They use the term to mean any type of domination of one country over another part of the world. Domination especially happened in Asia and Africa.



Heresy

Heresy is a word used by different religious groups, used to describe someone who has ideas that are different from what the religion or law teaches. Such a person is known as heretic. 

In the Middle Ages it was not uncommon to accuse someone of heresy. If the accusations could be proven, the culprit would go through a ritual. Since torture could be used, the accusations were often proven. The ritual was done to save the soul of the convicted criminal. It involved being burnt while tied to a post.

Still in the 21st century Muslims who apostatize are often treated very harshly and frequently killed.

Jesus Christ himself was regarded as a heretic by the Jewish leaders at the time- see Gospel of Matthew 26:57-67

The Roman Catholic Church in early times had great trouble with heretical christological doctrines, such as Monophysitism and Arianism. The Church sees several heresies in Protestantism:

As a result of the Protestant Reformation, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith was created in the Roman Catholic Church which protects the Church against heresies. It is the last instance to decide what constitutes a heresy, and how to deal with it.

Cossacks

The Cossacks () (from Cuman "cosac", meaning "free man") were a group of nomadic East Slavic Orthodox Christian warrior people originating in the steppes of Ukraine. They are famous for their sense of being free. They are also well known for their military skill, mostly as cavalry swordsmen and archers. 

The Ukrainian Cossacks first rose as a warrior group of East Slavic Orthodox Christian horsemen who took up a military tradition and eventually created a Cossack Federation in the steppes of Ukraine. They first rose up in the 15th century in response to the raids of Tatars and the conquests of the Ottoman Empire. During Ottoman occupation of the western bank of Ukraine, the Cossacks rebelled against the Ottoman Empire and were responsible for destroying Ottoman influence in the region. The Ottomans lost control over Ukraine and parts of Romania also due to the Cossack rebels and raiders. The Cossacks captured many Ottoman outposts in the Ukrainian steppes and created a Cossack Hetmanate ("state"). They sometimes served the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth forces and later fought against them, taking Ukraine. Thus, the Cossacks are considered in Ukraine to be the founders of modern Ukraine since they expelled the Ottomans and Polish from Ukraine and created an independent state for themselves.

The name Cossack itself literally means "free man". The term was first used in the year 1395. The most well known Cossacks are the Ukrainian Cossacks from Zaporizhzhia and the Russian Cossacks (Kazaks) from Don, Terek, Kuban and Ural areas. They started after the Mongols attacked Kievan Rus. Eventually Russian Cossacks guarded land for the Russian government. Cossacks were in the Russian army in some wars throughout the 1800s and 1900s. They were mostly responsible for conquering land in Central Asia and the Caucasus for the Russian Empire. In behalf of the Russian Imperial Empire, they conquered lands as far east as Siberia and even in Alaska which they conquered. Alaska was later sold to the USA however the lands they conquered in the far east Russia such as Siberia are still part of Russia today making Russia the largest country in the world by land size. They conquered places in Caucasus too for example the rebellious states of Chechnya and Dagestan. They were also responsible for destroying many Turkic states in both the Caucasus and Central Asia due to their conquests for the Russian Empire. They subdued Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan and were responsible for adding these states to the huge Russian Empire. They also invaded Armenia due to calls of support by the Armenians against the Ottoman Empire and in doing so, they conquered Azerbaijan and annexed both Armenia and Azerbaijan to their empire and defeated the Ottomans many times in northeastern Turkey. In the Russian Civil War most fought against the Red Army but some were "Red Cossacks" who fought on behalf of the Bolsheviks. In Soviet times, the Cossacks' life was subject to a lot of Bolshevik attacks and Cossack lands survived several famines. Cossack armies fought on both sides in the Second World War. In Russia today, Cossacks are ethnic descendants or are in the Cossack army and often both.

41

Year 41 (XLI) is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Saturninus.





American Sign Language

American Sign Language (old names: Amslan, Ameslan ) is the most popular sign language for the Deaf in the United States, in the English-speaking parts of Canada, and in parts of Mexico. Although the United Kingdom and the United States share English as a spoken and written language, British Sign Language (BSL) is different from American Sign Language. ASL actually comes from French Sign Language, as Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet went to England for help learning sign language to teach to his deaf neighbors. He could not find anyone willing to teach him the British Sign Language, but did find some French people who were willing to help, he convinced one of them to travel back to the United States with him to set up the first deaf school in the U.S.

ASL is also used (sometimes with other sign languages) in the Philippines, Singapore, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Puerto Rico, Côte d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Chad, Gabon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, Mauritania, Kenya, Madagascar, and Zimbabwe. Like other sign languages, its grammar is different from any spoken language.

ASL includes fingerspelling. Fingerspelling is a way to show the written letter. ASL uses one hand to show the English alphabet, although there are ways to show alphabets from other languages. Names of people and places can be fingerspelled. Fingerspelling is also used for words that have no sign, or for when people are confused about what a used sign means.

Counting the number of ASL speakers is difficult because ASL users have never been counted by the American census. ASL use in the general American population has not been directly measured. The ultimate source for current estimates of the number of ASL users in the United States is a report for the National Census of the Deaf Population (NCDP) by Schein and Delk (1974). Based on a 1972 survey of the NCDP, Schein and Delk provided estimates consistent with a signing population between 250,000 and 500,000. The survey did not distinguish between ASL and other forms of signing.

Incorrect figures are sometimes cited for the population of ASL speakers in the United States based on misunderstandings of statistics. Demographics of the deaf population have been confused with those of ASL use. This accounts for cited estimations which are greater than 500,000. Such mistaken estimations can reach as high as 15,000,000.

ASL is sometimes incorrectly cited as the third- or fourth-most-spoken language in the United States. These figures misquote Schein and Delk (1974), who said ASL speakers constituted the third-largest population "requiring an interpreter in court".


Sign language

A sign language is a way of communicating by using the hands and other parts of the body. It should not be confused with body language. Sign languages are an important way for deaf people to communicate. Deaf people often use them instead of spoken languages. Spoken languages use sounds from the mouth and are understood with the ears. Sign languages use hands and are understood with the eyes. Deaf people can use sign languages more easily than spoken languages.

Deaf people sometimes learn a sign language from their family, especially if their parents are deaf. But, most deaf children have hearing parents, so they learn a sign language from other deaf people. They may meet other deaf people at school or in the streets. Hearing people may learn to sign directly from deaf people. Or, they may learn a sign language by going to signing classes or by studying a sign language workbook, which can come with an interactive DVD.

Sometimes deaf people do use a spoken language, especially when talking with hearing people. Sometimes hearing people use a sign language with each other, rather than speaking. But, deaf people tend to use sign languages, and hearing people tend to use spoken languages.

Some deaf people can also understand spoken words by looking at a speaker's lips. This is known as lip-reading. It is hard to learn, and few people do it well. Sometimes signing and lip-reading are combined, especially when deaf and hearing people are talking to each other.

Sign languages have always existed in deaf communities. In ancient texts we see authors commenting about deaf people and sign language. In the western world, the first studies dedicated to sign languages date from the 17th century. In 1620, in Spain, the priest Juan Pablo Bonnet published a text about teaching deaf people to speak, using gestures as a tool. The language of signs created by Bonet was used by Abbé Charles-Michel de l'Épée, to create a fingerspelling alphabet in the 18th century. This alphabet has changed very little since then, and is used with sign languages in many countries.

The sign alphabet created by Charles-Michel de l'Épée, however, is not the origin of French Sign Language, the sign language that has influenced many other sign languages around the world. Even before Charles-Michel de l'Épée started teaching deaf people, they already used Old French Sign Language, and could read and write in French. This was a great advance, because it proved that deaf people could be educated and didn’t needed speech to think and learn.

Sign languages are not universal. That means there is not one single sign language for all deaf people around the world. There are many different sign languages. Each deaf community can develop its own sign language. Usually there is a different sign language in each country. Linguists have identified at least 137 different sign languages.

Here are some well-known sign languages:


However, sign languages are not totally independent from each other. Sign languages can develop from the same source. For example, ASL, LSM, and LSQ all developed from Old French Sign Language. They are part of the same language family. Sign languages can be similar to each other. BSL, Auslan, and NZSL are very much alike. Linguists sometimes talk about them as if they are one language. They call it "BANZSL" (an acronym for "British Australian New Zealand Sign Language"). Sign languages can influence each other. They sometimes copy signs from other sign languages, the same way spoken languages copy loanwords.

According to the "American Heritage Dictionary", signing is "a language that uses a system of manual, facial, and other body movements as the means of communication, especially among deaf people." Sign languages have their own grammar rules: syntax, morphology, phonology and semantics. Sign languages are not simply mime. They are not gestures strung together without any rules. Sign languages are real languages.

People sometimes also use the term "sign language" to talk about a "method of communication, as between speakers of different languages, that uses hand movements and other gestures." This article is about the earlier use of the term "sign language". It is talking about a real language that must be learned, not just a set of simple gestures that anyone can dream up to communicate. A sign language is not a way of encoding the sounds of a spoken language or the letters of an alphabet. 

For example, American Sign Language (ASL) and British Sign Language (BSL) are not copies of English. They are different from each other, even though they are both used in countries that speak English. Sometimes sign languages may copy a few elements from a spoken language, but usually they are very different. For example, sign languages often use different locations in space around the signer to represent people or objects that are being talked about. These locations are used like pronouns in spoken languages.

The main difference between sign languages and spoken languages is that sign languages use hand and body movements to form signs while spoken languages use sounds to form words. Really, each sign in a sign language is like a word in a spoken language. Both types of languages use grammar rules to combine words/signs into sentences. That's what makes them languages, and why both types of languages are different from mime or simple gestures.
Spoken words are made up of smaller pieces: individual sounds like "p" or "o". In the same way, signs are made up of smaller pieces: handshapes, movements and locations of the hands, facial expressions and other body movements. These pieces are used in different combinations to make the signs in the language Some signs are made with only one hand, and others are made with both hands. Some signs include movements of the mouth or other parts of the body; without those other movements, the sign is not correct. Other body movements are also important in the grammar. For example, in many sign languages, raised eyebrows indicate a question that has a "yes" or "no" answer.

The grammar rules of different sign languages are similar to each other, but they aren't the same. There is not a universal grammar for sign languages; each sign language has its own grammar. For example, sign languages use different handshapes to form signs; each sign language has its own set of handshapes.

Sometimes a sign looks like the object or action it represents, but this is not always true. For many signs, a person just has to learn the meaning, like words in a spoken language. It's not easy to guess the meaning from what the sign looks like. This is another thing that makes sign languages different from mime; in mime, the meaning of a gesture is obvious, it doesn't have to be learned. However, signs aren't totally arbitrary either. Once a person knows the meaning of a sign, the form of the sign can often help remember the meaning.

Besides normal signs, many sign languages use fingerspelling. Fingerspelling is also known as a "hand alphabet" or "dactylology". In fingerspelling, each letter in the alphabet of a spoken language has its own sign. Fingerspelling is a tool. People use it to spell names, acronyms and other words from spoken languages. Sometimes people do this when there is not a sign yet. Sometimes people use a fingerspelled word even when there is a normal sign for the same meaning. For example, when talking about a person, a signer might spell their name using fingerspelling. Or, they may use a "name-sign"—a special sign for that person.

Fingerspelling is not universal. It is different in different sign languages. Two sign languages may have a similar fingerspelling system. Or, their fingerspelling systems may be very different. Some fingerspelling systems use only one hand. ASL uses a one-handed system. Other sign languages use both hands for fingerspelling. The BANZSL languages use a two-handed system. There are different fingerspelling systems for different writing systems. Japanese is written with different letters than English. This means fingerspelling in Japanese Sign Language is different from fingerspelling in ASL or BANZSL. ASL uses a lot of fingerspelling. Most sign languages use less fingerspelling than ASL. Some sign languages don't use fingerspelling at all.

There is not any official way of writing signs. Some deaf and hearing people think there should be. Some have invented different ways of writing sign languages. Here are some of them.

Other users of sign language don’t think writing signs is something useful. Usually, deaf people just write the spoken language in their country. They don't try to write the sign language.

Deaf people have their own culture. It is similar to the culture of hearing people around them, but there are important differences. Deaf people have different experiences from hearing people. This makes their culture different.

Sign language is the most important part of deaf culture. Through a sign language deaf people can create a social and cultural identity for themselves. They can communicate naturally with each other. The shared sign language helps hold their deaf community together. Hearing people use spoken languages to do the same things.

Some children are born deaf. Others lose their hearing because of illness when they are very young. These children often learn how to sign and become a part of the deaf community and deaf culture.

However, some people who are physically deaf do not participate in deaf community and deaf culture. Some people lose their hearing later in life. These people usually continue to interact with hearing people using a spoken language. They do not learn to sign. They do not make friends with deaf people who sign. They depend on hearing aids, lip-reading, or writing notes to communicate with their hearing friends.

Some deaf children learn to speak and lip-read a spoken language. This is a difficult skill, but some children succeed. Also, some may have surgery to get a cochlear implant. A cochlear implant helps some deaf children hear better. It is not the same as normal hearing, but it can help them learn to speak. These deaf people can interact with hearing people using a spoken language.

The term "deaf culture" usually refers only to the culture of deaf people who sign.



Saint-Dié-des-Vosges

Saint-Dié-des-Vosges is a city in the northeast of France, in Lorraine.

Now about 23,000 people live there.

Surrounded by the Vosges mountains, it is a popular resort for tourists.

The city is famous for the International Festival of Geography, which takes place every autumn. 

Electronics, computer science, graphic design and communication are studied at the University Institute of Technology.
In French it is called "IUT" (Institut universitaire de technologie).



Rhodesian Ridgeback

Rhodesian Ridgeback is a breed of dog. 

It has a red-brown coat of fur on its body and a line of hair down its back which is different from the rest of hair on its body. They are sometimes called "The African Lion Dog", because they were used by hunters in Africa to find and confuse lions while the hunter shot the lion.


Glove

A glove is a piece of clothing that covers a hand. There are many different kinds of gloves. Gloves are made of many different fabrics and materials, and gloves are used in many ways.

People wear thick gloves, usually made of wool or fabric, to keep their hands warm in cold weather. They wear thin gloves (usually made of rubber or plastic) to keep their hands clean. People also wear thin gloves made of rubber or plastic to keep things they touch clean. Some workers wear gloves made of heavy rubber to protect their hands from chemicals. A mitten is a glove which has a separate place for the thumb, but the other four fingers are together. There are also mittens, which are very similar to gloves. Gloves and mittens are usually used to protect people from cold, and chemicals. People use latex gloves during Earth day to clean up.

There are also gloves that are worn for fashion, because they look good. These type of gloves are made from leather, fur, or different fabrics.

Gloves are worn in sports, the most common reason being for extra grip for the competitors hands. Like in golf, baseball and goalkeepers in soccer.

The word is used for certain kinds of usually knitted gloves. Some don't have separate finger pieces, and are made for children. Others have separate finger pieces without tips, so the wearer can use his fingers for delicate work, and keep his hands warm at the same time. some are fingerless gloves .

Sky High (2005 movie)

Sky High is a 2005 movie from Walt Disney Pictures, starring Kurt Russell.

This movie is about superheroes. Will Stronghold has two superhero parents. His dad, Steve, is The Commander, who is very strong. His mother, Josie, is Jetstream, who can fly. Will is expected to have great powers of his own, but he finds that he does not have any. He enters his school, Sky High, where the students are sorted into "hero" and "sidekick." Will is given the position of a sidekick and takes different classes than the hero track. He later tells his dad about this, who is not happy that his son will not be like him.

At school, Will also has an enemy named Warren Peace. The Commander put Warren's father away for three life terms. During a lunch, Warren gets very mad at Will and starts throwing fireballs, which is his superpower. Will dives under a bench. It is here his power comes to him; super strength, like his dad. He manages to defeat Warren and both are put in a time out room where their powers do not work. His mother is not happy, but his dad is very happy that Will has powers. Steve shows Will the hiding place where the Stronghold family does all of their activities.

Will's new powers put him up in the hero track, where he is partnered with a girl named Gwen Grayson. Will soon falls for Gwen and does not keep up with the friends he made as a sidekick. Will has an old friend named Layla, whose power is to grow plants. Will gets more popular. Gwen gets him to invite all the popular kids for a party. When Layla comes over to tell Will that she loves him, Gwen stops her and tells her that Will has new friends. Layla is upset. When Will learns about it, he breaks off the date. He was going to go to the prom with Gwen, but now decides to stay home.

His parents go to the prom instead. There was going to be a ceremony to honor the best superhero of all time. During the prom, however, it is revealed that Gwen is really a villain named Royal Pain. The Commander thought he killed her off, but when he zapped her, she simply became a baby instead. The years passed and she grew into another teenager. Royal Pain puts on her suit and uses her weapon to make everyone become babies.

Will comes on down to the school. He is very sorry for how he acted as a hero and tells his sidekick friends that he needs all of their help to beat Royal Pain. Lash and Speed, two bullies on Royal Pain's side, are knocked out. Ethan tricks Lash and stuffs his head down the toliet. Then he becomes a puddle of ooze, which causes Speed to slip. Warren, now on Will's side, throws fireballs to knock Speed down. 

Magenta, whose power is to become a rat, climbs into the system and tries to disable it, otherwise the school will fall from orbit and everyone will die. Penny, a cheerleader who can make multiple copies of herself, surrounds Layla. Layla does not want to fight, but when they hit her, she uses her power to make all the plants come out and bind the cheerleaders down.

Will finds Royal Pain outside. She has loaded all the babies onto the bus and will retrain them to be bad people. He tells her to put his father down. They fight. Will is winning when Layla bursts in, distracting Will. Royal Pain manages to throw Will out of the window. All seems lost when Will appears in the window – he too has Josie's power of flying. He then kicks Royal Pain out of the window. The school begins to fall down. Will goes outside and uses his power to try to keep the school from hitting the ground. Magneta cuts the wire in time and saves the school from crashing into the ground.

Steve and Josie give their award to all of the sidekicks that helped out. All of the villains re put into the time-out room. As Will and Layla become a couple, the final narration states that Ron Wilson became a superhero after falling into a vat of toxic waste, Will and Warren became best friends and Sue and her henchmen are now Will's archenemies.



Tales of Symphonia

Tales of Symphonia is a role-playing video game released in 2004 for the Nintendo GameCube. It is a fantasy RPG.

The main character Lloyd Irving and his friends, Genis Sage and Colette Brunel, are sent away from the town where Lloyd lived. Genis' sister Raine and the mercenary Kratos join them. While traveling, Colette begins to change into an angel. Lloyd learns that she is in charge of saving the world. Two groups of people want her to stop. They are the Desians, bad guys that enslave humans, and Sheena, a woman that wants to kill Colette. Sheena and Colette save each other from the Desians and become friends. Eventually, they get ready to save the world. Kratos betrays Colette and the others to Cruxis, the angels who control the Desians. Lloyd and the others manage to escape. They go to a different world called Tethe'alla. There, they make three new friends called Zelos, Presea, and Regal. Kratos still wants to find them and the Cruxis leader, Mithos, is very angry. Lloyd's group learns that if they want to save the world, they need to have Sheena gain the power of the eight "Summon Spirits". The spirits are magical creatures. After using the power of the summon spirits, the problem gets worse. Lloyd and Kratos need to work together to save the world from being destroyed by the Giant Kharlan Tree. Yuan uses a drug where it puts people to sleep on everyone. After this, Lloyd wakes up in the middle of the night. Kratos is with Yuan and two of Yuan's henchman. Lloyd learns that Kratos is his father. Kratos dives in front of Lloyd to stop him from being hurt. Kratos then tells Lloyd that there is a ninth Summon Spirit by the name of Origin. Lloyd has to fight Kratos to get its help because Origin was sealed by Kratos himself. The Summon Spirit helps Lloyd use the eternal sword. After this, they go to Derris Kharlan and there is one last battle with Mithos.

Protestant Reformation

The Protestant Reformation was a series of events that happened in the 16th century in the Catholic Church. Because of corruption in the Catholic Church, some people saw that the way it worked needed to change. People like Erasmus, Huldrych Zwingli, Martin Luther and John Calvin saw the corruption and tried to stop it. This led to a split in the church, into Catholics and various Protestant churches. The Protestant reformation triggered the Catholic Counter-Reformation.

Martin Luther's posting of The Ninety-Five theses at Wittenberg is seen as the start of the Protestant Reformation. This happened in the year 1517. John Knox brought Luther's ideas to Scotland and founded the Presbyterian Church. As various countries adopted Protestant ideas, wars broke out between Catholic and Protestant factions and countries. Many people died in these wars, which included the Thirty Years' War and the Eighty Years' War. These wars were not just about religion. Since most countries have recognized (state) religion, many of the disputes were political. The Peace of Westphalia in 1648 recognized Protestants when the signers agreed not to interfere in the internal affairs of other countries. This included their chosen religion.

The recent invention of the printing press helped spread awareness of the Church's abuses. A start was made in translating the Bible into various local languages. For example, John Wycliffe and William Tyndale worked on translating it into the English language. Much of Tyndale's translation was used in the King James version of the Bible. Luther translated the Bible into German.

The start of the 16th century, many events led to the Protestant reformation. Clergy abuse caused people to begin criticizing the Catholic Church. The greed and scandalous lives of the clergy had created a split between them and the peasants. Furthermore, the clergy did not respond to the population's needs, often because they did not speak the local language, or live in their own diocese. The papacy lost prestige.

However, the split was more over doctrine than corruption. The main points of criticism were:

In 1515, the Pope started a new indulgence campaign to raise money for the rebuilding of St. Peter's Basilica, a church in Rome. Preachers came to Germany to sell the indulgences, promising that money could release souls from purgatory. Martin Luther, a German Catholic monk thought this went too far. On October 31, 1517, he sent his 95 theses to the local archbishop in protest. It is said he nailed a copy to the door of a church in Wittenberg. These theses, written in Latin, were points that Luther wanted to debate. Most of them related to the problems caused by the sale of indulgences. Luther said that the idea that money could buy forgiveness prevented people from turning away from sins. He said that it also made people give less money to the poor. Luther did not attack the Pope. He blamed the abuses on others. Nevertheless, his ideas implied that the pope was corrupt also. Without Luther's permission, the 95 Theses were translated into German and sent to many places. Many people agreed with Luther. The Catholic Church tried to stop these new ideas, but without much result. Luther was considered an enemy of the Pope, and when he refused to change his ideas he was excommunicated (put out of the church). In the beginning, Luther had not planned to separate from the Catholic Church or to create a new religion; he wanted to reform the Catholic Church.

In many countries, Christians put the needed reforms listed by Luther into practice. People began to read the Bible in their own language, and many could see for themselves how the Catholic Church had let the Christian faith become corrupted. Many who stayed in the Catholic Church adopted some of Luther's ideas. The Pope reestablished the Inquisition to combat heresy. The Catholic Church responded to the Protestant reformation with the counter-reformation. Between 1545 and 1563 the Council of Trent met to decide what to do. Some of the worst abuses were eliminated but many of the old teachings were kept. The Inquisition tried to force people to keep those ideas. Finding force not very successful, the Pope created new religious orders like the Jesuits. These new religious orders were told to combat Protestantism by educating the population to Catholicism. The Pope made the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a list of banned books. It had a big influence in its first centuries and was not ended until the 1960s. The Catholic Church used baroque art to touch the religious feeling of the faithful and bring them to the Catholic religion.

In addition to the conflict in the churches, there were political consequences. Common people were made more open to questioning their leaders. In 1524-1525, millions of peasants rebelled against the nobles in the name of equality of humanity in front of God. Many countries in Europe choose Protestantism as the state religion and so Europe was divided by religion. This brought religious wars such as the French Wars of Religion. For a short time, Protestant and Catholic had managed to live with one another and with the Peace of Augsburg in 1555. This Peace recognized the confessional division of the German states and gave the right to Protestants to practice their religion.

Catholic countries such as Spain and Italy for a long time didn't allow Protestants to live there, and Protestant countries kept out Catholics. With the American Revolution the idea of freedom of religion began to expand. Protestants are influential in the United States and the English Canada. Quebec was a (formerly French) Catholic province of Canada. After the Seven Years War the British imposed the Quebec Act granting freedom of religion in Quebec, while including in Quebec some of the present day United States, for example Ohio and Michigan. Catholics were granted religious freedom in those areas. Protestant colonists saw this as one of the Intolerable Acts. In later centuries, many Protestant churches were established in the province of Quebec. Many Catholic churches began in Ohio and Michigan. Eventually most Christian countries allowed some religious freedom.

Churches based on Reformation ideas have multiplied into different forms, especially in historically Protestant countries. Even in much of Latin America, which is historically Catholic, Evangelical churches, which follow many of the Protestant ideas have greatly expanded. In the 20th century, some countries still had state churches, but also allowed full freedom of religion. In these countries, conflict between Protestant and Catholic Christians have become less important. They have to work together to confront a more secular society. In 2016 Pope Francis praised Luther in a prayer service commemorating the 500th anniversary of the Reformation. In turn, some Protestant churches have embraced some Catholic worship traditions, and others have praised them for their stand on social issues.


Sermon

A sermon is a speech that a priest or other speaker gives during church service. The speech has a theological, religious or moral content. The purpose of a sermon is to give hope to the people who hear it, or to encourage them to do right things in their lives. The speaker may also talk about the current problems of the community, and offer ways to solve them.Very often, sermons given by priests or other clergy are based on passages from the Bible.


Sand

Sand is a mixture of very small pieces of different rocks or minerals. It is the same minerals from which those pieces are broken, such as granite and feldspar. Sand is gritty to touch. It is a naturally occurring granular material composed of finely divided rock and mineral particles. Sand is also formed various rocks by weathering and erosion. Erosion breaks large boulders into smaller rocks. They get smaller and smaller until they reach the beach or a low-lying area as sand.

Sand grains are between the size of gravel grains (which is from 2 mm to 64 mm) and the size of silt (which is around 0.0625 mm to 0.004 mm). Most sand is found on beaches, and in deserts. The most common sands are made of silica (silicon dioxide, or SiO). Calcium carbonate is the second more common.

Sand dunes are made when wind or a river pulls sand into a mountain-like shape. They can be found in deserts, but sometimes high up on beaches too.

Sand is crucial in the process of mixing concrete. It can also be used to make sand castles. Sand is sometimes in households for aesthetic purposes.

Alsatian language

Alsatian (, ) is a Germanic language. It is spoken in Alsace (eastern part of France). It is used for a number of dialects, spoken in Alsace, Franche-Comté, and Jura. Linguistically, we are looking at a number of dialects, with common properties. 

Most of the Alsatian dialects are Germanic. Alsatian is also used for a few dialects that are based on French, and that are spoken in the Vosges, Franche-Comte, territoire de Belfort, and Jura (on both sides of the border). 

There are slight differences in the dialects, the one in the north have a sligtly different vocabulary and grammar to the ones in the south. The dialect spoken in the city of Strasbourg is also slighlty different from those in the sourrounding areas. 

In 2012, the Office pour la Langue et la Culture d’Alsace did a survey:


Of those who speak Alsatian:


Those who speak Alsatian are generally older:


In the three big cities of the region (Strasbourg, Colmar and Mulhouse), Alsatian is spoken less. There, fewer than a third of the adults say they speak Alsatian. Around Wissenbourg, Haguenau, and Saverne, over half the people answered they were good speakers.

Ian McEwan

Ian Russell McEwan , , , (born 21 June 1948), is an English novelist (who is also called "Ian Macabre" because of the type of his early work).

McEwan was born in Aldershot, Hampshire, England and spent much of his childhood in the Far East, Germany and North Africa where his father, an officer in the army, was posted. He was educated at the University of Sussex and the University of East Anglia, where he was the first graduate of Malcolm Bradbury's pioneering creative writing course.

He has been married twice. His second wife, Annalena McAfee, is the editor of the Guardian's Review section.

In March and April 2004, just months after the British government had invited him to a dinner with First Lady of the United States Laura Bush, McEwan was denied entry into the United States by the United States Department of Homeland Security for not having the proper visa for earning a living (McEwan was preparing to give a series of paid lectures). Only after several days and publicity in the British press was McEwan admitted because, as he said a customs official had told him, "We still do not want to let you in, but this is attracting a lot of unfavourable publicity."

He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature, a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was awarded the Shakespeare Prize by the Alfred Toepfer Foundation, Hamburg, in 1999. He was awarded a CBE in 2000.

His first published work was the collection of short stories "First Love, Last Rites" (1975), which won the Somerset Maugham Award in 1976.

"The Cement Garden" (1978) and "Black Dogs" (1992) were his early novels.

His 1997 novel, "Enduring Love", about a person with de Clerambault's syndrome, is regarded by many as a masterpiece, though "Atonement" has received equally high acclaim.

In 1998, he was controversially awarded the Booker Prize for his novella, "Amsterdam".

His 2005 novel, "Saturday", follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon. Mr Henry Perowne, the main character, lives in a house on a square in central London where McEwan himself lives after relocating from Oxford.

The 2007 novel, "On Chesil Beach", was a short novel about one couple in England and how they experience love and sexuality in the early 1960s. The novel was on the short list of possible Booker Prize winners.

His most recent novel, "Solar", is a comedy. A fictional Nobel Prize winning physicist with a disorganized personal life is the main character.









Mahjong

Mahjong is a game for four players that was created in China. It is a game of skill, intelligence, calculation and luck.

A Mahjong game is played at a square table (four sides all the same length). The dealer is called the "east" player and everyone else is called a different direction because of where they are sitting - so the person to East's left is South, the person across from East is West, and the person to East's right is North. If East wins, he is the dealer again for the next round; if he does not, the dealer is the person to his right (North). That person then becomes East. A game of Mahjong ends when every player has been the dealer four times, or when they have played the number of rounds they said they would play before they started.

A single-player version of this game exists, called Mahjong Solitaire. It is based on the four-player game, but can be played by one person, so it is one of the games that are played often on computers (such as Solitaire, Spider Solitaire, or Minesweeper). Mahjong Solitaire is much simpler than four-player Mahjong: it is played without dice or chips, by removing tiles (set up in the shape of a pyramid) from the board in sets of two. Each set of two has to match - they are either exactly the same, or go together (two "flowers" tiles, for example). A Mahjong Solitaire player wins when he picks up all the tiles, or he loses when he runs out of sets of two that he can pick up.

Ionia

Ionia was a region in the west of Asia Minor in Ancient Greek times. It was in what is now Turkey. It was the birthplace of the Hellenic civilization. The Dorian invasion of the Peloponnesus, caused the migration of Ionic Greeks across the Aegean sea to Anatolia about 1000-900 BCE. The original Greek settlements in the region were numerous and small, but by the 8th century BCE they had consolidated themselves into 12 major cities—Phocaea, Erythrae, Clazomenae, Teos, Lebedus, Colophon, Ephesus, Priene, Myus, and Miletus on the mainland, with the islands Chios and Samos.By the end of the 7th century the Ionian cities had achieved great prosperity through their trading enterprises, their colonization efforts, and their manufacture of ceramics, textiles, and metalware. After World War One it was granted to Greece from Turkey in the Treaty of Sèvres, along with most of the islands in the Aegean sea, Thrace, and Turkey's most important city, Istanbul. The Turkish army drove the Greeks out soon after, killing many Greek people. They did not challenge the Greeks on the Aegean Islands, though.

Harmonic

A harmonic of a wave is the part of a signal's frequency that is a whole multiple (an integer) of the fundamental frequency. The fundamental frequency is the lowest frequency of a periodic waveform. If "f" is the fundamental frequency (that is, 1"f"), then the "harmonics" have frequencies 2"f", 3"f", 4"f"..., and so on. The second harmonic (2"f") has a frequency twice that of the fundamental frequency, the third harmonic three times, and so on. This concept applies to wave motions of any form of energy, but is most often related to acoustics.

Frequencies that lie between one harmonic and another harmonic are called "interharmonics". For example, 1"f" is an interharmonic between the fundamental frequency (or first harmonic) and the second harmonic. Interharmonics is a term invented, or at least standardised, by the international electronics industry about 1999, particularly for use in electrical energy. However, interharmonic frequencies also occur naturally in other radiant energies, for example music or any type of sound.


Art Ross Trophy

The Art Ross Trophy is given to the top scoring player each year in the National Hockey League (NHL). The player with the most points (goals plus assists) is given the trophy. If two players have the same number of points, the award goes to the player with the most goals. If they are tied in goals, it goes to the player who has played fewer games. If they are tied in games, it goes to the player who scored his first goal of the year the soonest.

Wayne Gretzky has won this trophy ten times, the most of any player. Gordie Howe and Mario Lemieux each won six trophies; Phil Esposito and Jaromir Jagr won five; Stan Mikita won four; and Bobby Hull and Guy Lafleur each won it three times.

The Art Ross Memorial Trophy was first awarded in 1948. This list includes all NHL scoring champions:

Bold Player with the most points ever scored in a season.


Towel

A towel is a form of cloth or paper used for drying things. There are many types of towels, such as a beach towel and a washcloth, a small towel used for cleaning dishes and bodies. Towels have many different uses, such as drying yourself after a shower, or wiping a table clean.

For the body, fabric terry towels are mainly used, consisting mainly of cotton fibers due to their high absorbency (reaching up to 300%).

Fabric towels belong to the group of piece textiles. Textile towels often have a sewn loop with which they can be hung on wall furniture hooks for use (previously it was recommended to sew a loop at both ends so that the towel wears out more evenly). In addition to hooks, towels can also be placed in a state thrown over a barbell, and thanks to this straightened suspension, they dry faster. Fabric towels can have finishes such as lace, embroidery, appliques and others.

Disposable towels can be made both in piece form and in a roll, both from paper and non-woven material.

South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands

South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands are an overseas territory of the United Kingdom claimed by Argentina. They are in the southern part of the Atlantic Ocean. The territory was started in 1985, before that it was classed as part of the Falkland Islands. The islands do not have a native population, but in 2006 they had around 20 people on the islands. Most of these people were scientists who are at Bird Island, museum staff at Grytviken and the British Government Officers.

Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu

Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu is an action-adventure game video game. It was released in 2003 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Gamecube. It is also available for the Game Boy Advance and PC.

The game is based on "". In the game Batman faces a new enemy who sends Gotham City into chaos.

Some critics said that "beat 'em up" was too recurring and it lacked the story of "Batman Vengeance".

Vein

A vein is a type of blood vessel in the body. All veins carry blood to the heart. Most veins carry blood that is low in oxygen, except for the pulmonary vein and the umbilical veins which carry blood that is high in oxygen. 

A vein has a large lumen (width) and less pressure than an artery. There are smaller amounts of smooth muscle and elastic fibres in the vessel wall. Most veins have one-way valves that keep blood from going backwards. 

Veins carry blood to the heart and move to the heart through the vena cava, the biggest vein in human body Other important veins are the coronary veins(veins on the heart) and renal veins(veins on the kidney). 
Veins are mainly seen just below the skin, and could easily be seen from the outside, where they look blue because of the lack of oxygen.
The blood carried by veins is dark red, but when a vein is cut or pierced, the dark blood immediately reacts with the oxygen in the air and becomes bright red colored. The vein appears blue because of the scattering of light through the skin and the way the eye perceives color and light.

Ottawa Senators

The Ottawa Senators are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They are members of the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Senators play their home games at the 21,347-seat Canadian Tire Centre, which opened in 1996.

The team was started by Ottawa real estate developer Bruce Firestone, the team is the second NHL franchise to use the Ottawa Senators name. The original Ottawa Senators, founded in 1883, had a rich history, winning 11 Stanley Cups and playing in the NHL from 1917 until 1934. On December 6, 1990, after a two-year public campaign by Firestone, the NHL awarded a new franchise, which began play in the 1992–93 season. The current team owner is Eugene Melnyk, and in 2011, the club was valued by "Forbes Magazine" at $201 million.

The team has had success, qualifying for the Stanley Cup playoffs in twelve of the past fourteen seasons, four division titles, the Presidents' Trophy in 2003 and appeared in the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals. The success has been reflected in attendance. The club has averaged over 20,000 fans per game since 2005–06, peaking at 21,821 in 2007–08.

Statistics are accurate through the hiring of D.J. Smith.

Source: "Ottawa Senators 2009–10 Media Guide", p. 206.




"This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by the Senators. For the full season-by-season history, see List of Ottawa Senators seasons"

"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
These are the top-ten regular season point-scorers in franchise history. Figures are updated after each completed NHL regular season.

"Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games Played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; P/G = Points per game average;"

Source: Ottawa Senators Media Guide
Prince of Wales Trophy

Presidents' Trophy

Calder Memorial Trophy

NHL Plus-Minus Award

Jack Adams Award
James Norris Memorial Trophy

King Clancy Memorial Trophy

Mark Messier Leadership Award

Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy

NHL All-Rookie Team

NHL First All-Star Team

NHL Second All-Star Team

Source: Ottawa Senators.


Calgary Flames

The Calgary Flames are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They began in 1972 in the city of Atlanta, and moved to Calgary in 1980. They won the Stanley Cup in 1989. They also made the Stanley Cup finals in 1986, losing to the Montreal Canadiens, and in 2004, losing to the Tampa Bay Lightning four games to three. The Flames won the Presidents' Trophy as regular season champion in 1988 and 1989.

The Flames play in the Scotiabank Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It is called the "Saddledome" because the roof is shaped like a saddle.

Some of the best players to play for the Flames include Al MacInnis, who won the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player in the playoffs in 1989; Jarome Iginla, who won the Art Ross Trophy as top point scorer in 2001-02, as well as the Rocket Richard Trophy as top goal scorer in 2001-02 and 2003-04; Lanny MacDonald, who scored 500 career goals, mostly on Calgary; Gary Suter, who won the Calder Trophy as "rookie of the year" in 1985-86 and captained the team to their only Stanley Cup win; goaltender Mike Vernon; and forwards Joe Mullen, Joe Nieuwendyk, and Theoren Fleury.


Edmonton Oilers

The Edmonton Oilers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They joined the NHL in 1979, after seven years in the World Hockey Association. They were named the "Oilers" because Edmonton, Alberta is the center of Canada's petroleum industry.

The Oilers have won the Stanley Cup five times, in 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, and 1990. They also won the President's Trophy as top team in the regular season in 1984, 1986, and 1987. They lost the 1983 Stanley Cup final to the New York Islanders and the 2006 Stanley Cup Final to the Carolina Hurricanes.

Wayne Gretzky won the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player (MVP) eight times on the Oilers. He also won the Art Ross Trophy seven times on Edmonton, the goal-scoring title (now known as the Richard Trophy) five times, and the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs twice. Gretzky set many NHL records on the Oilers, including most goals (92), assists (163), and points (215) in a season.

The Oilers have had many other great players: Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990 and the Conn Smythe Trophy in 1984; Paul Coffey won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman in 1985 and 1986; Grant Fuhr won the Vezina Trophy as best goaltender in 1988; Jari Kurri led the NHL in goals in 1986; Bill Ranford won the Conn Smythe Trophy in 1990; and Connor McDavid won the Hart Trophy in 2017. Glenn Anderson and Curtis Joseph are among their other top players.


Philadelphia Flyers

The Philadelphia Flyers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They began in 1967, and have been a strong team for most of their history. The Flyers won the Stanley Cup championship in 1974 and 1975. They also made the finals in 1976, 1980, 1985, 1987, 1997, and 2010. They won the President's Trophy as top team in the regular season in 1975, 1980, and 1985.
Their championship team in the 1970s was led by Bobby Clarke, who won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player (MVP) in the NHL in 1973, 1975, and 1976. Bernie Parent was also an important part of this team: he was named the NHL's top goaltender in 1974 and 1975, and those same years won the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs. Reggie Leach was the NHL's top goal scorer in 1976; he also won the Conn Smythe Trophy that year. Bob Dailey, Rick MacLeish, and Bill Barber were also important members of the 1970s Flyers.

In 1979-80, the Flyers set an NHL record for most games in a row without a loss: 35. No team in North America in hockey, baseball, football, or basketball has had more games unbeaten. Goaltender Pete Peeters was one reason they set this record.

In the 1980s, the team was led by (son of Gordie Howe), a defenceman who also played well on offence. Pelle Lindbergh (1985) and Ron Hextall (1987) both won the Vezina Trophy as the NHL's top goaltender; Hextall also won the Conn Smythe Trophy in 1987. Tim Kerr was a high goal scorer.

Eric Lindros won the Hart Trophy in 1995. John Leclair, Mark Recchi, and Eric Desjardins were also strong players in the 1990s.

The Flyers continued to be a strong team in the early 21st century, coming very close to making the Stanley Cup finals twice. Keith Primeau, Peter Forsberg, and Simon Gagne have been among their top players. They lost the 2010 Stanley Cup finals to Chicago Blackhawks in six games, but did not make the playoffs in four out of the last eight seasons (2012-13, 2014-15, 2016-17, 2018-19).


Pittsburgh Penguins

The Pittsburgh Penguins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They began in 1967. They have won the Stanley Cup championship five times; in 1991, 1992, 2009, 2016 and 2017.

The Penguins had many poor seasons in their first 20 years. They had a good team in the mid-1970s, with players such as Peter Mahovlich, Pierre Larouche, and Jean Pronovost. They missed the semi-finals in 1975 because they lost four games to three to the New York Islanders after being ahead three games to none.

Mario Lemieux helped turn the Penguins into a strong team. He won the Art Ross Trophy as NHL scoring champion six times, in 1988, 1989, 1992, 1993, 1996, and 1997; the Hart Trophy as most valuable player in 1988, 1993, and 1996; the Conn Smythe Trophy as MVP in the playoffs in 1991 and 1992; and the goal scoring title in 1988, 1989, and 1996. Lemieux did all this even though he had many injuries.

After their two Stanley Cups (which included a record-tying 11 wins in a row in the playoffs in 1992), the Penguins set the NHL record for most wins in a row, with 17 in 1992-93. They won the President's Trophy that year as the top team in the regular season.

In 2005, the Penguins were one of the worst teams in the league, but they were able to draft Sidney Crosby. Crosby was 6th in NHL scoring in his rookie (first) season in 2005-06, at the age of 18. In 2007, the Penguins made the playoffs, but were eliminated in five games by the Ottawa Senators in the first round. The next year, the Penguins advanced to the Stanley Cup final. However, the Detroit Red Wings beat them in six games.
Returning the next season with new players such as Matt Cooke, Ruslan Fedotenko, Chris Kunitz, Craig Adams, Pascal Dupuis, Bill Guerin, Miroslav Satan, Hal Gill and more. The Pittsburgh Penguins finished the 2008-2009 season in 2nd place in the Atlantic Division behind the New Jersey Devils with 99 points (( 45 wins, 28 loses, and 9 overtime loses)). Pittsbugh went into the NHL Playoffs with the forth seed. Playing rival Philadelphia Flyers in the first round, the Pens went up on the Flyers two games to none winning in OT in game 2. The Flyers won game 3 in Philadelphia, but lost game 4 at home to send it back to Pittsburgh where the Flyers shut the Pens out 3-0 in game 5, but in game 6 the Pens rolled over the Flyers to win game 6 to advance to the 2nd round of the NHL Playoffs facing the Washington Capitals. Losing the first two games in Washington by a goal a piece in each game Pittsburgh had to change up there game to get back into the series. Behind 2-0 going into game three in Pittsburgh Mellon Arena would see another OT Thriller win by the Pens. To keep the series alive Pittsburgh won games 4 and 5 but losing in game 6 in OT to force a game 7 back in Washington. Pittsburgh came out strong to win the game to advance to the Eastern Conference Finals against the Carolina Hurricanes. With Players Stepping up in the series Pittsburgh sweeps the Cains in 4 straight games to send them back into the Stanley Cup Finals for the second time in a row. With the Detroit Red Wings winning the Western Conference Final series against the Blackhawks there would be another face off in Detroit with the same two teams. Last season Detroit won the first 3 games and losing games 4 and 5 (game 5 in triple over time) but to win the Stanley Cup in game 6 at Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh already knowing how it feels to lose in the Stanley Cup Finals, Pittsburgh knew what could happen. With a repeat of Detroit, the Red Wings won the first 2-game, making it look like it the Penguins would lose again. Pittsburgh came back to tie up the series 2-2. Pittsburgh lost 5-0 to make the series 3-2, giving Detroit a chance to win it in Pittsburgh for the second time. Pittsburgh scoring the first two goals, which were by Jordan Staal and Tyler Kennedy. With 11:59 left, Chris Draper of Detroit scored on a rebound to put the game at 2-1. With 1:43, Detroit player Dan Cleary had a huge break away but was stopped by goaltender Marc-André Fleury. Also, with 13 seconds left in regulation, Detroit crashed the net to attempt to send it into OT but Fleury and Rob Scuderi making big stops in front of the net to force a game 7 in Detroit. With no Scoring in the first period someone had to score soon. Scoring the Penguins only two goals, Max Talbot scored early in the second and also in the middle of the 2nd period. With Detroit getting shut out, the Red Wings made the game interesting with 6:07 left in the 2009 NHL season John Ericson scored to make the game 2-1. Pulling Osgood giving Detroit the extra skater, Detroit had a chance to put the puck in the back of the net with just seconds left, but Fleury with an amazing "Martin Brodeur roll" like save the Pittsburgh Penguins would become the 2009 Stanley Cup Champions.

Jaromír Jágr was also a big star on the Penguins. He won the Art Ross Trophy five times, in 1995, 1998, 1999, 2000, and 2001; and the Hart Trophy in 1999. Tom Barasso, Paul Coffey, Ron Francis, and Kevin Stevens have also been strong players over the years.

The Penguins almost moved to Portland, Oregon in the late 1990s, but Lemieux (along with some investors) bought the team. Lemieux then came back to play in late 2000 (he had retired in 1997), and continued until 2006.


Conn Smythe Trophy

The Conn Smythe Trophy is a trophy in the National Hockey League awarded to the most valuable player in the playoffs each year. It was first awarded in 1965. Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche goaltender Patrick Roy has won it three times, more than any other player.

Normally the trophy goes to a player of the Stanley Cup champion. Sometimes it goes to someone on the losing team. Trophy winners on losing teams are marked with as asterisk (*) in the list below.


Los Angeles Kings

The Los Angeles Kings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).
The team began in 1967. They were named at least in part for a former minor league hockey team called the Los Angeles Monarchs. They made the finals in 1993, and lost to the Montreal Canadiens. They won their first Stanley Cup in team history on June 11, 2012, defeating the New Jersey Devils 4 games to 2. The team won their second Stanley Cup on June 13, 2014 after they defeated the New York Rangers in double overtime of Game 5.

The Kings have been known for their high scoring teams. Marcel Dionne won the Art Ross Trophy as NHL scoring champion in 1980, and Wayne Gretzky won it on the Kings in 1990, 1991, and 1994. Gretzky also won the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player on the Kings in 1989. Charlie Simmer tied for the most goals (now the Richard Trophy) in 1980. Luc Robitaille, one of the ten highest goal scorers in NHL history, spent most of his years on the Kings.
Other strong players have included Rob Blake, who won the Norris Trophy as best defenceman in 1998; goaltender Rogie Vachon, who was second in voting for the Hart Trophy in 1975; and Dave Taylor, Bernie Nicholls, and Larry Murphy.


St. Louis Blues

The St. Louis Blues are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They began in 1967. They have won the Stanley Cup championship once in 2019, though they made the finals in each of their first three seasons. The Blues won the President's Trophy as top team in the regular season in the year 2000.

The name "Blues" is a pun (play on words) between the colour blue and Blues music; thus a blue note is the team's logo. There is a song entitled "St. Louis Blues".

In their first years, they had a good team because of experienced players such as goaltender Glenn Hall. In 1968 Glenn Hall won the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player in the playoffs. But the team did not win in 1968. They had some trouble in the 1970s. In 1980-81 Mike Liut was named best goalie in the NHL. The 1980s were a good decade for the Blues. Mike Liut, Bernie Federko, Doug Gilmour, and Joe Mullen were all important players for the team in the 1980s.

The 1990s also were a good decade. Brett Hull led the NHL in goals in 1990, 1991, and 1992, with the help of centre Adam Oates. Hull is the son of Chicago Blackhawks star Bobby Hull. Brett Hull won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player in 1991. Curtis Joseph was a strong goaltender in the 1990s. Al MacInnis (1999) and Chris Pronger (2000) each won the Norris Trophy for best defence; Pronger also won the Hart Trophy in the year 2000. Doug Weight, Pavol Demitra, and Keith Tkachuk were also strong players in the early 21st century. On June 12, 2019, the Blues won their first after defeating the Boston Bruins in game seven of the 2019 Stanley Cup Finals.

Ratio

A ratio between two or more quantities is a way of measuring their sizes compared to each other. A ratio can be indicated using colon (":") as a separator (as in 1:4:9), or it can be simply expressed as a fraction (as in formula_1). 

For example, if a school has 20 teachers and 500 pupils, then the ratio of teachers to students is written as 20:500 (and pronounced as "20 to 500"). As another example, if a cake mix asks for 100 grams of flour, 300 grams of butter and 25 grams of sugar, then the ratio of flour to butter to sugar is written as 100:300:25 (and pronounced as "100 to 300 to 25"). 

The first term of a ratio is called antecedent, and the second term is called consequent. This type of ratio has no units. If different quantities are compared, this special type of ratio is called a rate and it has units. 

Ratios can be simplified. In the school example, there were 20 teachers to 500 pupils. If we divided the children up into equally sized classes, then each of the 20 teachers' classes would have 25 pupils. That means that for each teacher there are 25 pupils, or alternatively, the teacher-to-pupil ratio is 1:25. Another way to work this out is to divide both sides of the ratio 20:500 by 20. Note that 20:500 is the same as 1:25. Just like there are different ways of writing a fraction (for example ), there are different ways of writing one ratio. 


Fraction

Fraction
In common usage a fraction is any part of a unit.

Fraction may also mean:

Proportionality

A proportionality relationship happens when two quantities or numbers "x" and "y" are related multiplicatively by a fixed number. This can occur when either their ratio "x"/"y" is a fixed number (direct proportionality), or their product "xy" is a fixed number (inverse proportionality). If "x" is directly proportional to "y", then we write formula_1. The fixed number of a proportionality relationship is called the constant of proportionality.


Mitochondria

Mitochondria (sing. mitochondrion) are organelles, or parts of a eukaryote cell. They are in the cytoplasm, not the nucleus.

They make most of the cell's supply of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), a molecule that cells use as a source of energy. Their main job is to convert energy. They oxidise glucose to provide energy for the cell. The process makes ATP, and is called cellular respiration. This means mitochondria are known as "the powerhouse of the cell".

In addition to supplying cellular energy, mitochondria are involved in a range of other processes, such as signalling, cellular differentiation, cell death, as well as the control of the cell division cycle and cell growth.

A mitochondrion contains two membranes. These are made of phospholipid double layers and proteins. The two membranes have different properties. Because of this double-membraned organization, there are five distinct compartments within the mitochondrion. They are:

The mitochondria's main role in the cell is to take glucose and use the energy they stored in its chemical bonds to make ATP in a process called cellular respiration. There are 3 main steps to this process: glycolysis, the citric acid cycle or Krebs cycle, and ATP Synthesis. This ATP is released from the mitochondrion, and broken down by the other organelles of the cell to power their own functions.

It is thought that mitochondria were once independent bacteria, and became part of the eukaryotic cells by being engulfed, a process called endosymbiosis.

Most of a cell's DNA is in the cell nucleus, but the mitochondrion has its own independent genome. Also, its DNA shows substantial similarity to bacterial genomes.

The shorthand for mitochondrial DNA is "either" mDNA or mtDNA. Both have been used by researchers.

Mitochondria divides by binary fission similar to bacterial cell division. In single-celled eukaryotes, division of mitochondria is linked to cell division. This division must be controlled so that each daughter cell receives at least one mitochondrion. In other eukaryotes (in humans for example), mitochondria may replicate their DNA and divide in response to the energy needs of the cell, rather than in phase with the cell cycle.

An individual's mitochondrial genes are not inherited by the same mechanism as nuclear genes. The mitochondria, and therefore the mitochondrial DNA, usually comes from the egg only. The sperm's mitochondria enter the egg, but are marked for later destruction. The egg cell contains relatively few mitochondria, but it is these mitochondria that survive and divide to populate the cells of the adult organism. Mitochondria are, therefore, in most cases inherited down the female line, known as "maternal inheritance". This mode is true for all animals, and most other organisms. However, mitochondria is inherited "paternally" in some conifers, though not in pines or yews.

A single mitochondrion can contain 2–10 copies of its DNA. For this reason, mitochondrial DNA is thought to reproduce by binary fission, so producing exact copies. However, there is some evidence that animal mitochondria can undergo recombination. If recombination does not occur, the whole mitochondrial DNA sequence represents a single haploid genome, which makes it useful for studying the evolutionary history of populations.

The near-absence of recombination in mitochondrial DNA makes it useful for population genetics and evolutionary biology. If all the mitochondrial DNA is inherited as a single haploid unit, the relationships between mitochondrial DNA from different individuals can be seen as a gene tree. Patterns in these gene trees can be used to infer the evolutionary history of populations. The classic example of this is where the molecular clock can be used to give a date for the so-called mitochondrial Eve. This is often interpreted as strong support for the spread of modern humans out of Africa. Another human example is the sequencing of mitochondrial DNA from Neanderthal bones. The relatively large evolutionary distance between the mitochondrial DNA sequences of Neanderthals and living humans is evidence for a general lack of interbreeding between Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans.

However, mitochondrial DNA only reflects the history of females in a population. It may not represent the history of the population as a whole. To some extent, paternal genetic sequences from the Y-chromosome can be used. In a broader sense, only studies that also include nuclear DNA can provide a comprehensive evolutionary history of a population.


Menominee, Michigan

Menominee is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. Around 8500 people live in Menominee. It is part of the twin-city area with Marinette, Wisconsin. It is on the north bank of the Menominee River where the river empties into Lake Michigan. Marinette, Wisconsin is on the south bank of the river.

Mortar and pestle

A mortar and pestle are two tools used together to mill (grind) and mix substances.

The "mortar" is bowl-shaped, and used to hold the substance to be ground. Mortars have smooth, rounded bottoms and wide mouths. The "pestle" is a stick used for pounding and grinding. 

Mortars and pestles are sometimes used in pharmacies to crush various ingredients to make drugs. They can also be used in cooking to grind herbs.


Mortar

Mortar can refer to different things:

1212

1212 (MCCXII) was .




1192

1192 (MCXCII) was .





Hiram E. McCallum

Hiram Emerson McCallum (August 14, 1899 – January 13, 1989) was a mayor of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from 1948-1951.

Walter Cronkite

Walter Leland Cronkite, Jr. (November 4, 1916 – July 17, 2009) was an American news reporter. He was the anchor of CBS News from 1962 to 1981. Important events he reported included when President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. He reported the Apollo 11 moon landing. He also reported on the Watergate scandal, which led to President Richard Nixon resigning from his position. He was often called "the most trusted man in America." People across the country tuned in nightly to hear his coverage of the Vietnam War as it progressed.

The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University is named after Walter Cronkite.

Cronkite was born on November 4, 1916 in St. Joseph, Missouri. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin. In 1935 he left school to work for the Houston Post. He later worked for several midwestern radio stations. In World War II he was a war correspondent for United Press International. After the war he was chief correspondent at the Nuremberg trials. He went to work for CBS News in 1950. In 1962 he helped start the CBS Evening News. He served as the news anchor until he retired in 1981.

After retiring, in 1981 he was a co-producer of a PBS program, "Why in the World". In 1982 he hosted "CBS's Universe". He was the host of A&E's "Dinosaur". He did "Cronkite Remembers" for CBS and the Discovery Channel. He also wrote several books. He won several awards during his career. In 1981 he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He won two Peabody Awards and several Emmy Awards.

Cronkite was known for his coverage of the U.S. space program, from Project Mercury to the Moon landings to the Space Shuttle. He was the only non-NASA recipient of a Moon-rock award. Cronkite was well known for his departing catchphrase "And that's the way it is," followed by the date on which the appearance aired.

Cronkite made history when he became the first television reporter to announce the assassination of John F. Kennedy. In the newsroom at CBS, the cameras were not ready when the news came in over the wire service. Cronkite's voice was broadcast over a blank CBS placard on the screen: "Bulletin . . . In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade. The first reports say the President was seriously wounded, that he slumped over in Mrs. Kennedy's lap, she cried out, 'Oh, no!' and the motorcade went on . . . The wounds perhaps could be fatal . . ." For three and a half days there was no entertainment, no commercials, just the news.

Cronkite's reporting of Vietnam was controversial. He reported the events on the evening news. But at the Tet Offensive he traveled there to see the results. What he saw upset him. On February 27, 1968, Cronkite reported the war in Vietnam could not be won. This was a major change from his usual objective reporting. He was voicing his own opinion on national television. It was the view of David Halberstam and others that Cronkite's broadcast turned many Americans against the war. Also that it played a part in Lyndon B. Johnson's decision not to run for another term as President. The other viewpoint is that Americans had already turned against the war before Cronkite's broadcast. After watching Cronkite's broadcast, Lyndon Johnson said to his press secretary, George Christian, "If I have lost Walter Cronkite, I’ve lost Middle America." Whatever effect Cronkite's broadcast had, by 1967 Johnson's approval rating on the war was down to 32%.

Cronkite was married to Mary Elizabeth "Betsy" Maxwell from 1940 until her death in 2005. They had three children. Cronkite died on the morning of July 17, 2009 in New York City, New York from cerebrovascular disease, aged 92.


Dog Day Afternoon

Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson and based on an article from Life magazine. The movie stars Al Pacino, John Cazale, Chris Sarandon and Charles Durning. The story is about bank robbery in New York City.

The "Life" article described Wojtowicz as "a dark, thin fellow with the broken-faced good looks of an Al Pacino or Dustin Hoffman". Hoffman was offered the role when Pacino briefly quit. An 18-year-old actor was originally to be cast in the role of Sal to match the age of the actual Salvatore. The table below shows the main cast of "Dog Day Afternoon".

The movie was based on the story of John Wojtowicz. It keeps the basic facts of what happened, according to the "Life" article "The Boys in the Bank". According to the article, Wojtowicz, along with Sal Naturile, held up a Chase Manhattan Bank branch in Brooklyn, New York on August 22, 1972.

After being arrested, Wojtowicz was convicted in court and sentenced to twenty years in prison. He served six years.

Wojtowicz wrote a letter to "The New York Times" in 1975. He said the movie was not completely true. He said the way his ex-wife was shown was not accurate. He also said there was not a talk with his mother. He did say Al Pacino and Chris Sarandon's portrayals of him and his boyfriend Ernest Aron were good. Also, Sal was 18 years old, but is played by a 39-year-old.

Wojtowicz died of cancer in January 2006.

"Dog Day Afternoon" won the Academy Award for Writing – Original Screenplay (Frank Pierson) and was nominated for other Oscars:
The movie was also nominated for the following seven Golden Globes, winning none:

The movie won other awards, including an NBR Award for Best Supporting Actor (Charles Durning) and a Writers Guild Award for Best Drama Written Directly for the Screen (Frank Pierson) as well as the British Academy Award for Best Actor (Al Pacino). It was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

In 2009, it was named to the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

Cursor

A cursor is a shape on a computer screen that shows where actions made with the keyboard or mouse will make a change. Earlier a cursor marked a point on a slide rule. 

There are 2 types of cursor that most people will use.



The computer automatically moves the cursor one space to the right when a letter, number or symbol is typed. The cursor can be moved to the start of the next line by pressing the Enter Key.

Most Keyboards also have 4 cursor keys to move the text cursor up, down, left or right.

Kurt Gödel

Kurt Gödel (28 April 1906 Brno, then Austria-Hungary, now Czech Republic – 14 January 1978 Princeton, New Jersey) was a logician, mathematician, and philosopher.

Some people believe Gödel was one of the most significant logicians of all time. Gödel's work has had a big impact on scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century. Many people, such as Bertrand Russell, A. N. Whitehead, and David Hilbert, tried to use logic and set theory at that time. They wanted to understand the foundations of mathematics.

Gödel is best known for his two incompleteness theorems. The theorems were published in 1931. He was 25 years of age, and had just finished his doctorate at the University of Vienna one year earlier. 

The more famous of the two theorems says that if there are consistent axiomatic systems that are powerful enough to describe themselves, there will be things that are true in those systems that can not be proved within the system itself. 
To prove this theorem, Gödel developed a technique now known as Gödel numbering, which codes formal expressions as natural numbers.

He also showed that the continuum hypothesis cannot be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory, if those axioms are consistent. He made important contributions to proof theory. He did this by clarifying the connections between classical logic, intuitionistic logic, and modal logic.

Later in his life, Gödel probably suffered from paranoia. He thought that some people would come and poison his food. So when his wife Adele was no longer able to prepare his food, he stopped eating. He died of starvation.

To put his theories in simple terms: What he discovered was that some theorems in mathematics may be true, but they cannot be proved to be true. 

"This sentence is false".


Therefore, we found a contradiction. "This sentence is false" is a proposition that is called undecidable. We cannot say if it is true or false.


Tyrannosaurus

Tyrannosaurus (from , tyrannos, meaning "tyrant" and , sauros, meaning "lizard") was a large predatory dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous, 68 to 65 million years ago. 

"Tyrannosaurus" was a bipedal carnivore with a massive skull balanced by a long, heavy tail. Compared to the large and powerful hind limbs, its forelimbs were small, but powerful for their size. They had two clawed digits.

There is discussion as to whether it was a hunter or a scavenger. Like most dominant meat-eaters of today, such as lions and hyenas, "Tyrannosaurus" might have been both. It had a very strong jaw, and its bite power could snap the bones of other dinosaurs. 

The most famous species of tyrannosaurus is "Tyrannosaurus rex". More than 30 specimens have been found. Some of them are nearly complete skeletons, and soft tissue and proteins have been reported in at least one of these specimens. Research is done on its biology, life history and biomechanics. The feeding habits, physiology and potential speed of "Tyrannosaurus rex" are some topics of debate. Some scientists think "Tarbosaurus bataar" from Asia is a second species of "Tyrannosaurus", but others think "Tarbosaurus" is a separate genus.

"Tyrannosaurus" became extinct in the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event, which wiped out half of all species on Earth.

The estimated size of this dinosaur has changed many times. Packard and colleagues tested dinosaur mass calculations on elephants. They decided that dinosaur estimations are flawed and produce results which were too high. Thus, the weight of "Tyrannosaurus" could be much less than usually estimated. 

Although other theropods rivalled or exceeded "Tyrannosaurus rex" in size, it was the largest known tyrannosaurid and one of the largest known land predators. It was up to in length, up to tall at the head and up to in weight. By far the largest carnivore in its environment, "Tyrannosaurus rex" probably preyed on hadrosaurs and ceratopsians, or may have been a scavenger. The debate over "Tyrannosaurus" as apex predator or scavenger or both is among the longest running in paleontology.

For a long time, "Tyrannosaurus" was the largest known "carnivorous" dinosaur. Recently, skeletons of other, slightly larger, carnivores have been found, such as "Giganotosaurus", "Spinosaurus", and "Carcharodontosaurus". Skeletons of "Tyrannosaurus" were found on the North American continent, but relatives, such as "Tarbosaurus", have been found in Asia.

The largest known "Tyrannosaurus rex" skulls measure up to in length. Large openings ('fenestrae') in the skull reduced weight and gave places for muscle attachment, as in all carnivorous theropods. But in other respects "Tyrannosaurus"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s skull was significantly different from those of large non-tyrannosaurid theropods. It was extremely wide at the rear but had a narrow snout. This permitted good binocular vision. The skull bones were massive. Some bones were fused, preventing movement between them; but many were pneumatized, with a "honeycomb" of tiny air spaces. This may have made the bones more flexible as well as lighter. These features are part of the tyrannosaurid trend towards an increasingly powerful bite. Its bite easily surpassed that of all non-tyrannosaurids. 

The tip of the upper jaw was U-shaped (most non-tyrannosauroid carnivores had V-shaped upper jaws), which increased the amount of tissue and bone a tyrannosaur could rip out with one bite, although it also increased the stresses on the front teeth.

The earliest "Tyrannosaurus" skeletons were found in 1902 by Barnum Brown. Henry Fairfield Osborn, president of the American Museum of Natural History, named the species "Tyrannosaurus rex" (meaning "tyrant lizard king") in 1905. The most complete skeleton was found in 1990 in South Dakota and named "Sue" after its finder, Susan Hendrickson. Several tyrannosaurids found later are also known by individual names. 

"Tyrannosaurus" has become well known. Many movies and television shows have featured it, such as Jurassic Park. Its skeletons are popular exhibits in many museums. 

Jane is a fossil specimen of a small tyrannosaurid. It is either "Nanotyrannus" or a juvenile "Tyrannosaurus". The skeleton was found in the Hell Creek Formation in southern Montana in 2001.

It took experts four years to make the partial skeleton ready for a museum. Jane went on display at Rockford, Illinois in the Burpee Museum of Natural History. Some paleontologists think Jane was a young tyrannosaurid, about 11 years old when she died. Jane is measured 6.5 metres (21.5 ft) long, about half as long as the largest known complete "T. rex" specimen, which is 13 m (42.6 ft) long. Experts think Jane weighed about 680 kg (1,500 lbs) when she was alive. Her large feet and long legs show she could perhaps run as fast as 20–30 miles per hour. Her lower jaw has 17 teeth. Her teeth are curved and serrated.

The scientists named her 'Jane' even though they do not know whether she was female. She was named after Jane Solem, a person who helped the Burpee Museum.

The Jane specimen has become part of an argument that scientists have. The scientists disagree whether "Nanotyrannus" is really a separate genus of tyrannosaurids. Jane's skull is almost exactly the same as the skull of the original "Nanotyrannus" specimen, which means they are the same species. The Burpee Museum held a conference in 2005. Paleontologists came to the conference and talked about whether these "pygmy tyrants" were adults from a small tyrannosaurid species or young "Tyrannosaurus rexes". A few scientists thought they were adult small tyrannosaurids, but most of them decided they were probably young "T. rexes".

In August 1991, Robert Gebhardt was a high school principal. He joined Royal Saskatchewan Museum palaeontologists on a prospecting expedition. They went to the exposed bedrock along the Frenchman River Valley in southwest Saskatchewan, Canada. 
Gebhardt discovered the base of a worn tooth, and a vertebra from the tail. Both looked like they belonged to a "T. rex". 

In June 1994, RSM palaeontologists began excavating the "T. rex". The 66-million-year-old skeleton was the first "T. rex" skeleton found in Saskatchewan and one of only 12 known in the world at the time. Scotty is one of the largest and most complete skeletons with almost 70% of the skeleton found. A complete articulated cast of the skeleton was finally completed in 2012 and is now on display at its permanent home at the T.rex Discovery Centre in Eastend, Saskatchewan, Canada. 

Scotty's skull has a scar from the eye socket to the nostril. That was probably caused by another T. rex or large carnivore that gripped Scotty's skull in its jaws. The museum staff think this is the biggest T. rex specimen found. It weighed about . Scotty was perhaps in its early thirties at the time of death, and was long, including tail.

Many people call it the "king of the dinosaurs". 

"Tyrannosaurus rex" appears in many works of fiction and literature. A "T. rex" is important in "A Sound of Thunder" by Ray Bradbury. A "T. rex" is a big part of the novel "Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton, and Steven Spielberg's crew built a life-sized robot "T. rex" and a CGI "T. rex" for the movie version of "Jurassic Park". Many other "T. rexes" have appeared in books, movies and animated works.



Brno

Brno (-Czech, German: "Brünn") is the second largest city in the Czech Republic. About 400,000 people live there. It is in the center of the historical region Moravia. Brno is the capital of the South Moravian Region. 

There are many historical monuments in the city, for example the Špilberk Castle, Villa Tugendhat, or the St. Peter and Paul Cathedral.

Masaryk University, the second largest university in the Czech Republic, is there. Among other universities in the city are Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts or Brno University of Technology.

David Hilbert

David Hilbert (Königsberg, Prussia, 23 January 1862 –Göttingen, Germany, 14 February 1943) was a German mathematician, logician, and philosopher of mathematics. He is widely considered to be one of the most influential and greatest mathematicians of the 19th and 20th centuries.

Hilbert discovered and developed a range of fundamental ideas in many areas. He worked on invariant theory, the axiomization of geometry, and the notion of Hilbert space. This is one of the foundations of functional analysis. Hilbert and his students supplied much of the mathematics needed for quantum mechanics and general relativity. He was one of the founders of proof theory and mathematical logic. He was also one of the first people to make the distinction between mathematics and metamathematics, and warmly defended Georg Cantor's set theory and transfinite numbers.

In 1895 Hilbert became Chairman of Mathematics at the University of Göttingen, at that time the best research center for mathematics in the world. He remained for the rest of his life. Among his students were: Hermann Weyl, the champion of chess Emanuel Lasker, Ernst Zermelo, and Carl Gustav Hempel. John von Neumann was his assistant. At the University of Göttingen, Hilbert was surrounded by a social circle of some of the most important mathematicians of the 20th century, such as Emmy Noether and Alonzo Church.

The text "Grundlagen der Geometrie" ("Foundations of Geometry") was published by Hilbert in 1899. It proposed a formal set, Hilbert's axioms, instead of the traditional axioms of Euclid. They avoid weaknesses in those of Euclid, whose works at the time were still used textbmathematics is his 1900 presentation of a set of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century.

He put forward a number of unsolved problems at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900. This is reckoned the most successful and deeply considered compilation of open problems ever to be produced by an individual mathematician. Later he expanded his list to 23 problems.

In 1920 he proposed explicitly a research project in "metamathematics", which became known as Hilbert's program. He wanted mathematics to be formulated on a solid and complete logical foundation. He believed that in principle this could be done, by showing that:


He seems to have had both technical and philosophical reasons for formulating this proposal.

After 1912, Hilbert turned his focus to physics. At that time, he worked in general relativity and mathematical physics. His work in these fields is also important.




Bertrand Russell

Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell (18 May 1872 – 2 February 1970) was a British philosopher, logician, and mathematician. He was born in Wales, but spent most of his life in England. He worked mostly in the 20th century. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1950.

Bertrand Russell wrote many books and articles. He also tried to make philosophy popular. He gave his opinion on many topics. He wrote the essay, "On Denoting", which has been described as one of the most influential essays in philosophy in the 20th Century. He wrote on very serious issues as well as everyday things. 

He was a well known liberal as well as a socialist and anti-war activist for most of his long life. Millions looked up to Russell as a prophet of the creative and rational life. At the same time, his stances on many topics were extremely controversial. From 1931 until his death, he was a member of the House of Lords.

Born at the height of Britain's economic and political ascendancy, he died of influenza nearly a century later when the British Empire had all but vanished, its power dissipated in two victorious, but debilitating world wars. Russell's voice carried enormous moral authority, even into his early 90s. Russell supported nuclear disarmament a lot, but did not support the American war in Vietnam even when it was popular.

In 1950, Russell was made a Nobel Laureate in Literature "in recognition of his varied and significant writings in which he champions humanitarian ideals and freedom of thought."

In his 1949 speech, "Am I an Atheist or an Agnostic?", Russell expressed his difficulty over whether to call himself an atheist or an agnostic:
In Russel's book "The Impact of Science on Society" he wrote:


This is a selected bibliography of Russell's books in English sorted by year of first publication.

Note: This is a mere sampling, for Russell also authored many pamphlets, introductions, articles and letters to the editor. His works also can be found in any number of anthologies and collections, perhaps most notably, "The Collected Papers of Bertrand Russell", which McMaster University began publishing in 1983. This collection of his shorter and previously unpublished works is now up to 16 volumes, and many more are forthcoming. An additional 3 volumes catalogue just his bibliography. The Russell Archives at McMaster also have more than 30,000 letters that he wrote.

Additional references:

A. Russell

B. Secondary references:







Alfred North Whitehead

Alfred North Whitehead, OM (15 February 1861 – 30 December 1947) was an English mathematician who became a philosopher. He was born in Ramsgate, Kent, and died in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. He wrote on algebra, logic, foundations of mathematics, philosophy of science, physics, metaphysics, and education. He is the co-author, with Bertrand Russell, of the important "Principia Mathematica".

Mask

A mask is a type of clothing which covers the face. It is similar to a veil, but more close-fitting.

There are different reasons why people use masks. A person can use a mask so others do not know who they are (as when committing a crime). Or, a mask may keep someones face safe from harm (like a gas mask so harmful gases do not get into the lungs).

There are many practical uses for masks in everyday life. Mostly, the masks used are "semi-masks" which cover only the bottom half of the face, the mouth and nose. An example is the use of masks in operating theatres, and
by wood-workers. In surgery, the purpose is to keep bacteria off the patient; in wood-working the purpose is to keep wood fibres out of the lungs.

In Venetian masks only the top half of the face is covered, to prevent recognition. Ice hockey masks, used in the Hannibal Lecter movies, cover the whole face to protect it from the hockey puck moving at high speed.

The word 'mask' might have come from other languages. The French "masque", the Italian "maschera", the Spanish "máscara", the Latin (not classical) "mascus/masca (meaning "ghost")" or the Arabic "maskharah (meaning "jester" or "man in masquerade")" all use the same word.

One of the oldest masks found is the Death Mask. This stone mask is 9000 years old and is probably the oldest mask in the world. It is kept in Musée de la bible et Terre Sainte, Paris.

There are also three masks from the same period, kept in The Israel Museum, Jerusalem.

Masks are used in many magical or shamanistic rituals in non-western societies. The celebration or appeasement of animistic spirits takes place with dance and song in ancient performances in many parts of the world. In these events performers use costumes and masks to mimic the supposed spirits.

From this kind of beginning, the use of masks in ancient Greek theatre may have started. The actors and chorus in this early theatre all used masks.

Masks have been used to protect people against air-borne diseases. They were worn during the plague in the Middle Ages; during the influenza epidemic of 1918, and the COVID-19 epidemic. Gas masks were issued in World War II even though phosgene gas was never used in that war (it had been in WWI).

During the 2019-20 coronavirus pandemic, a new variation of trikini, with two pieces for the body and a face mask was designed. Indian film actress Kajol popularized the idea of this trikini.

There are some other uses of the word 'mask', which arise by extension. That means using 'mask' as a metaphor. In film a mask is a screen which cuts out part of the image. In social theory, a mask is the behaviour a person takes on in his role or job. Thus policemen, head teachers, army commanders, prime ministers act as they are expected to act (most of the time). The inference is that behind the mask is the 'real' person. Their role is a mask. As a verb, 'to mask' means to cover or hide.



Holiday

A holiday is a regularly reoccurring festive day. Usually, but not always, the festive day is observed every year. The word "holiday" is derived from the words "holy" and "day." In British English, the word "holiday" is used to refer to a Vacation as well as a public holiday.







"In the order of the Wheel of the Year:"



Catholics also celebrate saint's days.




Spokane, Washington

Spokane (Pronounced: ) is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. Spokane is in the eastern half of the state, about from Idaho. Spokane is south of Canada.

Spokane is the second largest city in Washington, while Seattle is the largest. Spokane's nickname is the "Lilac City" because of how many of those flowers grow in the area.

The population of the city in 2019 was 222,081 and the population of the metro area of Spokane is 573,493.

Spokane was founded in 1871 when a sawmill was built on the Spokane Falls. In 1889 a fire burned down the downtown area of Spokane. In 1892 the railroad came to Spokane, and this made it easier for people to get into and out of the city.
In 1974 Spokane hosted the World's Fair. This brought a lot of people and business into Spokane.

The Spokane River flows through the city. In downtown Spokane, there is a large waterfall called the Spokane Falls. The first buildings in Spokane were built near the falls.

The Spokane River has many dams that make energy for the people of Spokane.

In the Summer, Spokane is hot and dry. Spokane has cold and snowy Winters. Spring and Fall are very short.

Temperatures over or less than do not usually happen in Spokane. However, the hottest temperature in Spokane was , and the coldest was .

M16 rifle

The M16 is an assault rifle used by the United States since the Vietnam War in 1963, based on the AR-15. Since 1975, the M16 has been used by many different countries. First designed by Eugene Stoner in the United States of America, it is currently the standard infantry rifle used by the United States Military Forces. The rifle is being used by over 80 nations.

The M16 uses the 5.56mm NATO (.223) caliber cartridge, with a muzzle velocity (the speed of bullet leaving the rifle) of over 900 meters per second (over 3,000 feet per second), and has a maximum effective range of 600 yards, with a rate of fire (how fast the gun shoots) of approximately 800 rounds per minute. The M16A1 can shoot semi automatic and fully automatic fire. The M16A2 can shoot semi automatic and three-round-burst fire. The M4A1 Carbine retains full automatic and semi automatic fire. The M16 normally holds 30 cartridges in its magazine, but there are variants of the magazine that hold only 20 or 10 cartridges.

There is also an M16 variant for the Canadian Army called "Diemaco C-7". The "Diemaco C-7" rifles have maple leaves on the left side.



Foreskin

Male mammals have a penis, and a glans penis. Usually, some skin covers the glans penis. This skin is called foreskin. Most male mammals either have a foreskin that covers the glans penis or a sheath in which the whole penis can retract.

Circumcision is the removal or shortening of this skin. It is often done for religious reasons. Sometimes it is done for medical reasons.

Female mammals have a clitoris. It also has a piece of skin protecting it, called clitoral hood.

The outside of the foreskin is like normal skin but the inside of the foreskin is a membrane like the inside of an eyelid or mouth. The foreskin is attached to the penis by the frenulum, but it can move. It is very stretchy. On the penis, the most sensitive areas to fine-touch are located on the foreskin. The foreskin can be pierced (have a hole for jewelry put through it) or slit (cut) for fashion reasons. If the foreskin is not cared for (by washing the inside) daily it produces smegma. Smegma is a mixture of epithelial (skin) cells, skin secretions and fluid, which accumulate under the foreskin of the penis. Smegma has strong bad-smelling odor and a bad taste, caused by lactic acid bacteria. The foreskin must be rolled back and washed to prevent smegma.

In older boys and adult males, the foreskin can be pulled back. In baby boys, the foreskin is usually attached to the glans of the penis and should not be forcibly pushed or pulled back for cleaning. In the United States, medical advice is usually that parents should gently pull back their son's foreskin part way back for cleaning after the baby is one year old. Soap should not be used -- just warm water. Pulling a baby's foreskin back too early (especially before six months of age) can damage it and cause scar tissue to form. When a parent is able to pull the foreskin back, it is important to do so gently and only pull it back as far as it will go. The parent should not make the baby cry or bleed. When the foreskin can be pulled back, the area under the foreskin needs to be cleaned every day. In Europe, where uncircumcised penises are much more common, parents are often told they do not need to pull back a boy's foreskin for washing. 

American doctors may be more worried about possible kidney damage, especially scarring inside the kidneys. That can happen because of a bacterial infection that starts in the foreskin and urethra. The urethra is the tube urine (pee) comes out of. The infection often spreads to the bladder. While not as common, the infection can spread further to the kidneys. A serious kidney infection (called pyelonephritis) can cause scarring of the kidney. The boy may have very serious kidney problems and may even die because of a childhood urinary tract infection. Acute (very serious) pyelonephritis in the first years of life often leads to significant renal (kidney) damage that may progress to end-stage renal disease during adolescence. End-stage renal disease means the kidneys no longer function well enough to meet the body's needs. If the person does not receive frequent kidney dialysis or a kidney transplant, the person will die. 

European doctors may think it is more important that parents not touch their young boy's penis too much. The European attitude is that a boy should discover how to pull back his foreskin on his own. 

In any case, sometime between infancy and the onset of puberty, the foreskin separates from the glans of the penis and can slide back and forth over the glans of the penis. Often this happens sometime after age five. This happens because of normal erections during childhood. Erections stretch the foreskin. There is no "right" age for this to happen. Each child is different. 99% of foreskins are retractable by puberty. Once the foreskin becomes retractable, usually it will automatically retract with an erection. Alternatively, a male (or his sexual partner) may slide the foreskin back and forth over the glans of the penis to cause an erection. 

For a few boys, the foreskin does not separate on its own from the glans of the penis. In the few cases where a boy can't pull his foreskin all the way back by puberty, the boy should ask a doctor or nurse. Usually a doctor will correct the problem or give advice about how to gradually stretch the foreskin. The doctor may give a prescription for a steroid cream which will help to stretch the skin. Circumcision is another common option, especially in the United States.

The foreskin contains Meissner’s corpuscles, which are nerve endings involved in fine-touch sensitivity. They are most numerous in the “ridged band”, the junction of the inner and outer foreskin layers, and least numerous in the smooth inner layer of foreskin. Compared to other hairless skin areas on the body, the Meissner's index was highest in the finger tip (0.96) and lowest in the foreskin (0.28). The foreskin is the least sensitive hairless tissue of the body. A study also found that “the number of these nerve endings decreases significantly after the teenage to young adult years when sexual activity begins. This makes it very difficult to propose any sexual function for Meissner’s corpuscles. A more feasible hypothesis is to regard them as a juvenile phenomenon, perhaps serving to protect the penis until the onset of puberty reveals its sexual function.”

Studies in sexual sensation concluded that the glans, not the foreskin, is involved in sexual sensation, particularly the corona and frenular (the area under the frenulum) areas. Thus, speculation and outdated opinion pieces claiming special properties of the foreskin, such as in penile function and masturbation, should be viewed with skepticism.

Perhaps sensitivity of the foreskin to fine touch might have served as an “early warning system” in our naked upright forebears from the intrusion of biting insects and parasites while protecting the glans.

The foreskin can keep the glans penis comfortable, moist, and protect it.

In modern times, there is controversy regarding whether the foreskin is a vital or vestigial structure. During the physical act of sex, the foreskin reduces friction, which can reduce the need for additional sources of lubrication. "Some medical researchers, however, claim circumcised men enjoy sex just fine and that, in view of recent research on HIV transmission, the foreskin causes more trouble than it’s worth." The area of the outer foreskin measures between 7–100 cm2, and the inner foreskin measures between 18 and 68 cm2, which is a wide range. Regarding vestigial structures, Charles Darwin wrote, “An organ, when rendered useless, may well be variable, for its variations cannot be checked by natural selection.” In the March 2017 publication of the Global Health Journal: Science and Practice, Morris and Krieger wrote, "The variability in foreskin size is consistent with the foreskin being a vestigial structure." It has been found that larger foreskins place uncircumcised men at an increased risk for HIV infection most likely due to the larger surface area of inner foreskin and the high concentration of .

Moses and Bailey (1998), say that "it has not been demonstrated that [the foreskin] is associated with increased male sexual pleasure."

"Circumcision" is when some or all of the foreskin is cut off. The removal of the foreskin can protect against certain medical conditions and infections. It is done to satisfy medical, religious, hygienic, ritual, and aesthetic views. Circumcision is common in many countries such as the United States, South Korea, Israel and Muslim countries.


Sid Vicious

Sid Vicious (10 May 1957 – 2 February 1979) was an English punk musician. His real name was "John Simon Ritchie" and he was born in Lewisham, London. He was a member of the band The Sex Pistols from February 1977 to January 1978, but played his instrument (the bass guitar) very badly. His bad behaviour was more important to the band than playing his instrument well.

On 22 October 1978, his American girlfriend Nancy Spungen (19581978) was stabbed to death with a knife in New York City. It is not clear if Vicious killed her. He was charged with murder, and released on bail. Before he was due to go to court, he died of an accidental overdose of heroin in New York City.

A movie was made about the lives of Vicious and Spungen. The name of this movie is "Sid and Nancy." Gary Oldman plays Vicious.

Wii

The Wii ( ; also known as the Nintendo Wii) is a video game home console made by Nintendo. It first came out on November 19, 2006, in North America. It plays video games made just for the "Wii." The original model also plays games for the Nintendo GameCube. It was succeeded by the Wii U on November 18, 2012 which can play and use all Wii games and controllers. With over 101 million units sold, the Wii is Nintendo's second-highest-selling home console, after the Nintendo Switch. The original Wii and Wii Family Edition were discontinued on October 21, 2013, although the Wii Mini was still in production until November 13, 2017. The Wii received positive reviews.


There are many things called Channels on the Wii. They are called channels because, just like on TV, you can look through channels by pressing − and +. Each Wii Channel does something different. Some of them need to connect to the Internet to work, using either Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection or WiiConnect24, but some information that has been saved can be viewed without a connection to the Internet. WiiConnect24 could not be used anymore on June 27, 2013. 

Games can be played on this channel after a Wii game disc or Nintendo GameCube disc is put in the disc slot.

The Wii Shop Channel was used to buy and download Virtual Console (old) games, WiiWare games, and other Wii channels. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel. The Wii Shop Channel closed on January 31, 2019.

The Mii Channel is where a player can make an avatar called a Mii to represent them, either in the Mii Channel's online feature Mii Parade, or in games that allow using Miis and most other Wii channels mentioned here.

The News Channel was used to look up news on different topics, ranging from national news to sports and entertainment. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel.

The Forecast Channel was used to check the weather forecast for most cities around the world. There was a feature that let you select your local area to receive weather updates. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel.

The Everybody Votes Channel was a channel containing regularly updated polls. There were three national polls (updated on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays) along with one worldwide poll. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel.

The Internet Channel allowed users to access the web. It is based on the Opera Browser. You would need an Internet connection to use this channel. On September 1, 2009, the Internet Channel became free to download after an update was released to support Adobe Flash. Refunds consisting of a free Virtual Console NES title worth 500 Wii Points were offered by Nintendo to Wii owners who had downloaded it before for the same price.

The Check Mii Out Channel (known as the Mii Contest Channel in Europe) was used to send and pick up other Miis, and was also used in voting contests to see which Mii was the best. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel.

The Nintendo Channel was used to watch videos, collect and send feedback on certain Wii titles, and download Nintendo DS game demos to a Nintendo DS using the DS Download Service. An Internet connection was needed to use this channel.

The Today and Tomorrow Channel is a channel that was only released in Europe on September 9, 2009, used to view daily horoscopes. Up to six Mii characters can be registered. It offers advice on five topics: love, work, study, communication, and money. It also offers hints on food, fun, and care. Another feature is a Mii compatibility check.

The Homebrew Channel is an unofficial (it does not come with the Wii) channel used for loading unofficial software, or homebrew. With Homebrew, you can do many things that the Wii cannot normally do on its own (play DVDs, stream media from a computer, run emulators, etc.).

The Wii Speak Channel is downloadable once you buy the Wii Speak, used in certain games like "". An Internet connection is required to use the Wii Speak Channel.

The Wii Remote is a controller that is like a regular television remote. The Wii Remote uses accelerometers and infrared light sensors (from LEDs inside a 'sensor bar') to know where it is in 3D space. This lets people control the game using physical movement and by pressing buttons. The controller connects to the console using Bluetooth. It has a rumble feature (the controller shakes when the game being played tells it to do so) and a speaker inside the remote.

An attachment to the Wii Remote that comes with the Wii console and can also be bought by itself in stores is the "Nunchuk" controller. It also has an accelerometer and an analog stick with two buttons, and it connects to the bottom of the Wii Remote with a wire. A wrist strap can also be used to stop the player from dropping or throwing the Wii Remote. Because of problems with the straps, Nintendo has given all players a free stronger replacement for all straps. It also comes with a cover called the Wii Remote Jacket, which protects the Wii Remote and the thing that it hits from being damaged or broken. It also gives a stronger grip, which makes it harder for the Wii Remote to slide out of players' hands.

Nintendo and many other companies have made attachments for the Wii Remote. They are usually connected by a wire or by a small plug at the bottom of the Wii Remote.

The Nunchuk is the most common attachment for the Wii Remote. It is made to fit perfectly into someone's hand. It comes packaged with the Wii. The Nunchuk has an analog stick on the front and two buttons on the back. A Nunchuk is needed for many Wii games, as it is required to move characters around the game. The name "Nunchuk" is a play on the word "Nunchuck" or "nunchaku".

The Wii Motion Plus connects to the bottom of the Wii remote to help the sensors find the remote more accurately. It improves the playing of some games.

Nintendo has released a "classic" controller for the Wii. The design is similar to the SNES's controller, but it has two analog sticks and four shoulder buttons instead of two. It was mainly made for playing older games that can be bought from the Wii Shop Channel.

There is also a case that looks like a gun for the Wii Remote and Nunchuk. It is named the Zapper after a NES gun controller. When the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk are placed inside it, the shape of the controller in the player's hands changes. The Zapper does not actually plug into the Wii Remote. It just holds it in place. The Zapper also included a free, short game to help the player get used to it.

There are many pretend instruments made by Nintendo and other companies for playing music video games like "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band". So far, they have made guitars and drums. They plug into the bottom of the Wii Remote. There are also microphones that plug into the USB port on the back of the Wii console.

There is also a plastic wheel. These came with "Mario Kart Wii" and other racing or car driving games. The Wii remote goes into the middle of the wheel. There are some built-in buttons on the wheel to make it easier to reach the buttons on the remote.

A revision of the Wii (also called the RVL-101) that was released near the end of its lifecycle was announced on August 17, 2011. This model is designed to only sit horizontally (with the buttons changed accordingly) and is incompatible with the Nintendo GameCube's software and its accessories. This model was released in North America on October 23, 2011, in Europe on November 4, 2011, and in Australia on November 11, 2011. It was not released in any Asian countries. The Wii Family Edition includes a black console, the game "New Super Mario Bros. Wii", and the "Super Mario Galaxy: Original Soundtrack".

Another late-cycle revision of the Wii (also called the RVL-201) was announced on November 27, 2012. As its name suggests, the Wii Mini is the smallest model of the Wii. Like the Family Edition, it is not compatible with GameCube games or its accessories. In addition, it also does not have online features and several built-in channels, such as the Photo Channel and the Weather Channel, similar to the Wii Mode on the Wii U. It also can only sit horizontally. The main feature is its notable redesign. Unlike the original Wii and Family Edition, which are mostly white, the Wii Mini is black with a red frame. All the buttons are located on the top of the console, and it lacks online support for Wii games. Additionally, the Wii Mini has a manually operated top-loading disc drive (similar to that of the GameCube) instead of the slots that former models have. The console launched in Canada on December 7, 2012 for $99.99. It was then released in Europe on March 15, 2013 at a cost of at least $79.99. It was then launched in the UK on March 22, 2013 for $99.99. It was finally launched in North America on November 17, 2013, bundled with a red Wii Remote Plus and a red Nunchuk for $99.99. Like its predecessor, the Wii Mini was not released in any Asian countries and it was not released in Australia either. The Wii Mini is the third home Nintendo console since the SNES and NES to receive a redesign right after their respective successors launched though the NES 101 model launched two years after the SNES launched. The N64 received no redesigns of any kind, and the GameCube had a small revision that lacked the unused Serial Port 2 (though the cover still remains) and the unpopular Digital AV Out port.

"The Guardian" titled the Wii one of the 10 most influential video game consoles.

"IGN" ranked the Wii 10th among the best video game consoles.



Joseph Strutt

Joseph Strutt was an English engraver in 1749. He put patterns into objects (like words into stone) and collected things from the past. He died in 1802.

Tricia Nixon Cox

Patricia "Tricia" Nixon Cox was born on February 21, 1946 in Whittier, California. She is the daughter of former US president Richard Nixon and Pat Nixon. She is the older sister of Julie Nixon Eisenhower.

Unlike her sister, Tricia performed many ceremonial jobs, like going with her father to campaign stops and state visits. She married Edward F. Cox on June 12, 1971. she has 1 son 

She tutored inner-city children.

Grocon

Grocon Pty Ltd is a big Australian construction company based in Melbourne. It is owned by the Grollo family.

The company was involved in building the Eureka Tower and Rialto Towers.

Głuchołazy

Głuchołazy ("Bad Ziegenhals") is a town in Poland, in Opole Voivodeship, in Nysa County. It had a population of 15,052 in 2004.


Columbia River

The Columbia River is a river in British Columbia, Canada, and the U.S. states of Washington and Oregon. The Columbia River is about 1,243 miles long. It is the fourth-largest river in the United States by volume. The Columbia has the greatest discharge (flow) of any North American river entering the Pacific.

Its largest tributary is the Snake River, which flows west from the state of Idaho. The lower part of the Columbia forms the border between the states Washington and Oregon. The Columbia drains 254,000 square miles (657,857 km) of land, beginning in the Canadian Rockies and flowing west through the Cascade Range, to where it empties into the Pacific Ocean.

There are 14 dams on the Columbia River. Three are in Canada, and the other 11 are in the United States. The dams generate hydroelectricity and provide flood control and water for farms. There are also dams on the Snake River and many other tributaries. These dams have, along with their benefits, caused salmon populations in the river to go down.

1597

1597 was a common year.


Martyr

A Martyr is someone who suffers persecution and later assassination or death for advocating or renouncing(to give up) or refusing to renounce(not giving up) or advocate, a religious belief or other cause as demanded by an external party.

Originally it was applied only to those who suffered for their religious beliefs but now the term has come to be used in connection with people killed for a political or nationalist cause as well.


Whittier, California

Whittier is a city in Los Angeles County, California, USA. It is near Pico Rivera, Santa Fe Springs, La Habra and La Mirada. It is one of the oldest cities in the Los Angeles Area. Early settlers included Manuel Nieto and Pio Pico. In the 1880s, the land that is now Whittier was bought by Quakers, who named the city after John Greenleaf Whittier, a Quaker poet. These Quakers started Whittier College. In the early 1900s, Whittier was mostly orange groves, but became a suburb of Los Angeles after World War II. In 1987, a large earthquake hit the city, destroying many buildings and leading to a wave of civic activism. This activism helped save many old buildings, including the Bank of America Building, the Southern Pacific Railroad Depot, and the Hoover Hotel.

The 2020 United States Census reported that Whittier had a population of 87,306.

Whittier's largest employers are Whittier College, Presbyterian Hospital, and Whittwood Mall. There has been talk of new development on the site of Nelles School for Boys and in Uptown. Besides Whittier College, Whittier has a community college, Rio Hondo College, five public high schools (Whittier, California, Pioneer, Santa Fe, and La Serna High), and several elementary and middle schools.

Many famous people have lived in Whittier, including Richard Nixon, who attended Whittier High and was a lawyer in the Bank of America Building.

List of German institutions

This is a list of German institutions.





List of French institutions

This is a list of French institutions.




EarthBound

EarthBound (called Mother 2 in Japan) is a console role-playing game made by Ape, Inc. and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It is the second game in the "EarthBound" series, after "Mother". It has a sequel called "Mother 3".

There are many places in the world of "EarthBound". It starts in Eagleland, "EarthBound"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s version of the United States. The player can explore many other areas, including Winters, a snowy country based on the United Kingdom, Dalaam, an oriental land, and Scaraba, an Egyptian-themed land. 

Two areas from the series have been used in the "Super Smash Bros." series. "Super Smash Bros. Melee" had a level about the first area, Onett, and another level called Fourside. Onett was reused in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

There are many characters in "EarthBound", but only four main playable characters.


Besides playable characters, there are other important characters.


"EarthBound" takes place in the year 199X (meaning somewhere in between 1990 and 1999). Ness is sleeping, when a large crash is heard, which wakes him up. He goes to see what it is, and arrives to see a meteor had crashed. His friend, Pokey, tells Ness to go away because he's bothering the cops, even though the cops are finding Pokey annoying. He returns home, and is awoken by a loud knocking, and Pokey comes in. He tells Ness that his brother is missing, and Ness, Pokey, and Ness' dog King go to the meteor to find Picky. After they find Picky, a being that is at first thought to be a bee flies out of the meteor, and tells them about the future, Giygas, and that legends say that three boys and a girl would save the universe. When Picky and Pokey are returned to their house, their mom is frightened by Buzz Buzz and swats him. This fatally injures him, and before he dies, he gives Ness an item called the Sound Stone, and tells him to find the eight "Your Sanctuary" spots. Ness goes to find these Your Sanctuary spots, as well as the two other boys and the one girl.

"EarthBound" is a turn-based role-playing game. When in battle, the player can do many different things, including Fight, PSI, Goods, Auto-Fight, and Run Away. Fight has a character use his or her weapon on an enemy, PSI lets the character use PSI if he or she has any to use, Goods lets the player use an item in the selected character's inventory, Auto-Fight lets the computer take control of the characters, and Run Away has a chance to end the battle. 

Nintendo removed many things from the English version of "EarthBound". They removed any reference to child abuse, any talking about death, any reference to religion, and the Red Cross logo. Despite people thinking the red crosses were removed because of religious references, they were actually removed because Nintendo did not want to deal with a law suit over it, as the Red Cross has copyright.

"EarthBound" and its series has had a strong cult following in and outside of Japan. It has its own web site called Starmen.net, and has had multiple petitions, including one to release "Mother 1 + 2" in English and one to release "Mother 3" in English. Both of these petitions had very many signatures, but have not been successful.

"EarthBound" was re-released for the Game Boy Advance along with "Mother" as "Mother 1 + 2", only in Japan. It has been rated by the ESRB for release on the Wii's Virtual Console, but it has no release date. It was going to have a sequel on the Nintendo 64 called "EarthBound 64", and it was going to be in 3D. However, after being delayed for many years, it was cancelled. Five years later, "Nintendo" announced that it was being re-released for the Game Boy Advance as "Mother 3", and would feature the same plot and characters.


Mother (video game)

Mother (マザー Mazā) is a 1989 video game sold only in Japan for the Family Computer (FC). They planned to sell the game in the USA, but Nintendo of America chose not to release it. This is because when they finished making it into English, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System was already being sold. The game was released on the Wii U Virtual Console in the US in 2015.



Mother 1 + 2

Mother 1 + 2 is a video game for the Game Boy Advance which includes "Mother" and "Mother 2" (known as "EarthBound" outside of Japan). Much of the music is different than the console games ("Mother 2" is mostly the same, but "Mother" was changed a lot to make it similar to the United States one that was not sold).


Mother 3

Mother 3 is a video game for the Game Boy Advance, made by Brownie Brown and HAL Laboratory. It was released on April 20, 2006 and it is the third game in the "Mother" video game series, called "EarthBound" outside of Japan.

The game was kept secret until it appeared in June 2003 during a "Mother 1 + 2" commercial in Japan. Once it appeared, the game stayed near the top of Famitsu's Most Wanted Games list.

"Mother 3" was first going to be made for the Nintendo 64 and then later for the Nintendo 64DD. It was going to be called "Earthbound 64". It was canceled after the developers were having problems making the 3D graphics work. It was moved to the Game Boy Advance, and came out in 2006. It uses much stuff from "EarthBound 64", including the characters Lucas, Claus, Flint, and Boney, as well as the villain of the game, Porky

"Mother 3" takes place on Nowhere Islands. The Nowhere Islands are a large amount of islands in the middle of the ocean. They contain one volcano, two mountains, a castle, and one small village called Tazmily. The story takes place when Lucas, his brother Claus, and his mother Hinawa take a vacation to his grandpa's house. During the vacation, Lucas and Claus play with a race of peaceful T-Rex like creatures called Dragos. After a long day of playing, they head home, not after Hinawa sending a message to Flint, her husband, that they are heading back.

Meanwhile, the forest near Tazmily is lit on fire mysteriously.





Cardcaptor Sakura

Cardcaptor Sakura is a Canadian Children's Television and manga series on Nickelodeon. It is also an anime series. "Cardcaptor Sakura" is sometimes abbreviated as CCS.

"Cardcaptor Sakura" was created in 1996 by a team of artists named CLAMP. CLAMP has created many other series, but "Cardcaptor Sakura" is one of the most popular. The manga was first published in "Nakayoshi" from 1996 to 2000. The story is about Sakura Kinomoto, a middle school student who accidentally frees a deck of magical cards from a book hidden in her father's study. The book's guard, Keroberos, gives Sakura the task to find and capture the troublemaking cards. The series focuses on themes of love and family, Sakura and her friends, and their different relationships.

The anime aired on Japanese television from 1998 to 2000, changing parts of the manga's story and introducing new characters, and has two films as well. The English version of the anime was licensed by Nelvana, renamed "Cardcaptors", and the story was changed a lot to suit an American audience.

Ten-year old Sakura Kinomoto is an athletic girl in middle school. She finds a strange book, named the Clow Book, in her father's study. She finds the Clow Cards inside. She learns the cards are magical, accidentally setting them free when she calls the name of the Windy Card. The book's guardian, Kero, gives Sakura the task of finding and capturing the cards, using the Clow Wand to seal them in their card forms. Sakura is helped by her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, who designs Sakura's battle costumes and records her adventures on a video camera. Sakura meets Syaoran Li, a boy of her age and a relative of the Clow Cards' creator Clow Reed. Syaoran wants to capture the cards himself, becoming Sakura's rival, though they later become friends. The two capture all of the cards between them, but have to face the second guardian of the Clow Cards, Yue, to decide who will become the new master of the cards. Yue is revealed to be the true form of Yukito Tsukishiro, the friend of Sakura's older brother Toya. Sakura defeats Yue and becomes the new owner of the Clow Cards.

Eriol Hiiragizawa, a student from England, arrives in Sakura's town and begins causing magical troubles around town. Sakura learns she has to transform the cards into Sakura Cards to continue using their magic or they would become normal cards. Eriol is revealed to be a reborn Clow Reed, and after tasking Sakura with one last challenge, all of the cards are successfully transformed. Syaoran, who fell in love with Sakura, confesses to her, who comes to love him in return. Syaoran returns home to Hong Kong but returns two years later to be with Sakura.

The characters' Japanese names are followed by their English names.
"Cardcaptor Sakura" is shown in many countries around the world. CCS is popular, because it is very cute. There are many posters and many toys about CCS.

1173

1173 was a common year.


Allies

Allies are people or groups that are working together to achieve some common purpose.

Allies may also refer to:

Sunderland

Sunderland is in North East England. It was a county borough, and is now part of the City of Sunderland in Tyne and Wear. It sits at the mouth of the River Wear.

Sunderland started as three small villages:

Sunderland grew as a port, mostly selling coal and salt. In the 1300s people began to build ships along the river bank. By 1835, the port of Sunderland was so important that its name was used when the three old villages became the a borough. Sunderland became a city in 1992.

A person born in Sunderland is sometimes called a "Mackem".

In 674, Benedict Biscop built the Wearmouth ("St. Peter's") monastery. He was given the land by King Ecgfrith of Northumbria. Biscop's monastery was the first monastery built of stone in Northumbria. Biscop brought glass makers from France. This was the start of glass making in Britain.

In 686, the community was taken over by Ceolfrid, and Wearmouth monastery and its other site in Jarrow became very important places of learning in Anglo-Saxon England. The library had about 300 books; all of them were hand written and painted.
The Codex Amiatinus, was written and painted at the monastery and was probably worked on by Bede who was born at Wearmouth in 673.
Bede wrote the "Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum (The Ecclesiastical History of the English People)" in 731. This is why he is often called "The father of English history".
In the late eighth century, the Vikings began to raid the coast, and by the middle of the ninth century, the monastery had been abandoned.

In 930, King Athelstan of England gave the land on the south bank of the river to the Bishop of Durham. This is why the area is still called Bishopwearmouth.

By 1100, the Bishopwearmouth parish included a small fishing village at the mouth of the river (modern day East End) known as 'Soender-land', or Asunder-land which became Sunderland. This settlement was granted a charter in 1179 by Hugh Pudsey, then the Bishop of Durham.

By 1346, ships were being built at Wearmouth. The merchant Thomas Menville started building ships so he could transport the things he wanted to sell.

In 1589, salt making started in Sunderland. Large vats, called ‘’panns’’, of seawater were put on coal fires. When the water boiled, the salt was left behind. This is known as salt panning. Today, the road leading to where the pans were is still called Pann's Bank. It is on the river bank near the city centre. As more coal was needed to heat the salt pans, coal mining started in the area. Only poor quality coal was used in salt panning; the best coal was sold and shipped out of the town. This is why the port began to grow. This put Sunderland in competition for the first time with its coal-trading neighbour Newcastle.

Before the English Civil War in 1642, King Charles I said Newcastle could be the only town in the east of England which could send coal by ship. This had a big impact on Sunderland, which was selling more and more coal. This created resentment towards Newcastle and towards the idea of having a king. When the civil war began, the mainly Protestant Sunderland sided with Parliament against the mostly Catholic Newcastle. This was good for Sunderland's business, because Parliament blockaded (blocked) the Tyne. This stopped the Newcastle coal trade and allowed the Sunderland coal trade to grow. When an army from Scotland came to fight the King, its base was set up in Sunderland.

The River Wear was not very deep, so the coal had to be loaded onto big boats called "keels" and taken downriver to the coal ships which were called "colliers".

In 1719, Sunderland and Bishopwearmouth were too big for the only parish church, which was in Bishopwearmouth. A new parish of Sunderland was created and Holy Trinity, Sunderland parish church was built. The three original settlements of Wearmouth (Bishopwearmouth, Monkwearmouth and Sunderland) had started to join up. This was because of the success of the port of Sunderland as well as the salt panning and the shipbuilding along the banks of the Wear. Around this time, Sunderland was also known as 'Sunderland-near-the-Sea'.

Local government was divided between the three churches (Holy Trinity, Sunderland, St. Michael's, Bishopwearmouth, and St. Peter's Church, Monkwearmouth). When cholera broke out in 1831, the "select vestrymen", as the church councillors were called, did not know what to do about the epidemic. Many were frightened to say that a disease has started because it might stop their businesses from making money. They printed notices which said there was no disease in the town, and saying that the doctors who said that there was disease did not know what they were talking about.

Sunderland was a big trading port at the time. It was the first British town to be affected by 'Indian cholera' epidemic. The first victim, William Sproat, died on 23 October 1831. Sunderland was put under , so that people could not leave the town. The port was blockaded, so that ships could not spread the disease to other ports. But in December of that year, cholera was in Gateshead and it spread across the country, killing about 32,000 people.

Jack Crawford was one of the first to die in the epidemic. There are two statues honouring Jack, one in Mowbray Park near the Civic Centre, and the other next to Holy Trinity Church.

Sunderland got its first Member of Parliament after the Reform Act of 1832, and the Borough of Sunderland was created in 1836, although impatient citizens elected Andrew White to be Mayor in December 1835.

Robert Rawlinson was sent to Sunderland in February 1850 by the General Board of Health. His report showed the problems because there was no sewage system or drains.

The river at Sunderland is in a narrow valley, and the town grew up on plateaus high above the river. This meant it never had the problem of allowing people to cross the river without stopping high masted vessels. Rowland Burdon MP pushed for the Wearmouth Bridge, which was built in 1796. It was the second iron bridge ever built. Only the famous Iron Bridge itself is older, but Wearmouth bridge was over twice as long and only three-quarters the weight of the Iron Bridge. Wearmouth Bridge was the biggest single span bridge in the world. Farther up the river, another bridge, the Queen Alexandra Bridge, was built in 1910, linking the areas of Pallion and Southwick. It was designed for trains to run across, too, but the railway section was never completed.

The Victoria Hall was a large concert hall on Toward Road facing Mowbray Park. On 16 June 1883, 183 children died. During a variety show, children rushed down the stairs for treats. At the bottom of the staircase, the door only opened inward and was bolted so that only one child at a time could get through. The children pushed down the stairs to the door. Those at the front were trapped, and were crushed by the weight of the crowd behind them.

The Victoria Hall disaster is still the worst of its kind in Britain. A memorial statue, which is a crying mother holding a dead child, is now back in Mowbray Park with a protective canopy. The newspaper reports of the tragedy were so shocking that an inquiry was set up. This committee said that public buildings should have outward opening emergency exits. This led to the invention of 'push bar' emergency doors. This law still remains in full force to this day. The Victoria Hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb.

As the traditional industries have declined, electronics, chemicals, and paper making have replaced them. Some of these new industries, are in Washington, which has more space to allow purpose built factories. The Nissan car plant and the nearby North East Aircraft Museum are on the site of the old Sunderland Airport.

Since 1990, industries along the banks of the Wear have changed a lot. Housing, shopping parks and business centres have been built where the shipbuilding yards were. The National Glass Centre is also there, next to the University of Sunderland’s new "St Peter’s Campus". On the south side of the river, the old Vaux Brewery site has been cleared so that new houses, shops and offices can be built close to the city centre.

Sunderland was the one of the most heavily bombed areas in England during World War II. As a result, much of the town centre was rebuilt in a boring concrete style. But some fine old buildings remain. These include Holy Trinity, built in 1719 for an independent Sunderland, St. Michaels's Church, built as Bishopwearmouth Parish Church and now known as Sunderland Minster and St. Peter's Church, Monkwearmouth, part of which dates from 674 AD, and was the original monastery.
St. Andrew's Roker, so-called "Cathedral of the Arts and Crafts Movement", contains work by William Morris, Ernest Gimson and Eric Gill.

Sunderland was made a municipal borough of County Durham in 1835. Under the Local Government Act 1888, it was given further status as a county borough with independence from county council control. In 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, the county borough was abolished and its area combined with that of other districts to form the Metropolitan Borough of Sunderland in Tyne and Wear. See City of Sunderland.

Sunderland has the motto of Nil Desperandum Auspice Deo. This means Never Despair, Trust In God

Much of the city is on a low range of hills running parallel to the coast. On average, it is around 80 metres above sea level. Sunderland is divided by the River Wear which passes through the middle of the city in a deep valley, part of which is known as the Hylton gorge. The only two road bridges connecting the north and south halves of the City are the Queen Alexandra Bridge at Pallion and the Wearmouth Bridge just to the north of the City centre. A third bridge carries the A19 trunk road over the Wear to the West of the City.

Most of the suburbs of Sunderland are west of the city centre with 70% of its population living on the south side of the river and 30% on the north side. The city extends to the seafront at Hendon and Ryhope (on the south) and Seaburn (on the north).
The area is part of the Anglican Diocese of Durham. It has been in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle since the Catholic bishops returned in 1850.

Some Sunderland suburbs have most streets beginning with the same letter:

Sunderland has cool winters and warm summers. Being on the coast, Sunderland is a little warmer in the winter than the national average, but a little cooler in summer. Average rainfall is below the UK national average due to an east coast location.

As with most UK east-coast towns, Sunderland sometimes gets sea fog known locally as "Fret". This is most common in the summer months (April - September). These frets can be very dense, are often very localised, and can appear and disappear in a matter of minutes.

Sunderland is the largest city, by population and area, between Leeds and Edinburgh.

The City of Sunderland is the 22nd largest borough in England and the largest in the North East. However, as well as including the Sunderland it also includes a number of surrounding towns and villages, such as Washington, Houghton-le-Spring and Hetton-le-Hole.

98.1% of the population are white, with 1% Asian and 0.4% mixed-race.

In 2001, the most ethnically mixed ward of the city was the (now abolished) Thornholme area - just to the south of the city centre Thornholme included the suburbs of Ashbrooke and Eden Vale. Here, 89.4% are white, 7.8% are Asian and 1.3% are mixed-race.

The least ethnically diverse wards are in the north of the city. The area of Castletown is made up of 99.3% white, 0.4% Asian and 0.2% mixed-race.

According to census statistics, 81.5% of Sunderland residents class themselves as Christian, 9.6% have no religion, 0.7% are Muslim and 7.6% did not wish to give their religion.

Only 114 people of Jewish faith live in Sunderland. There was no Jewish community before 1750, but then a number of Jewish businessmen from across the UK and Europe settled in Sunderland. A Rabbi from Holland was working in the city in 1790. The Jewish community has been shrinking since the mid 20th century. Many Sunderland Jews left for bigger Jewish communities in Britain or to Israel. The Jewish primary school, the Menorah School, closed in July 1983. The synagogue on Ryhope Road (opened in 1928) closed at the end of March 2006.

Lewis Carroll often visited to the area. He wrote most of "Jabberwocky" at Whitburn as well as "The Walrus and the Carpenter". Some parts of the area are believed to be the inspiration for his Alice in Wonderland stories, such as Hylton Castle and Backhouse Park. There is a statue to Carroll in Whitburn library. Lewis Carroll was also a visitor to the Rectory of Holy Trinity Church, Southwick, beforeSouthwick became a part of Sunderland. Carroll's connection with Sunderland, and the area's history, is documented in Bryan Talbot's 2007 graphic novel "Alice in Sunderland".

More recently, Sunderland-born Terry Deary, writer of the series of Horrible Histories books, has become famous, and many others such as thriller writer Sheila Quigley, are following his lead.

The Manchester painter, L S Lowry, was another frequent visitor, staying in the Seaburn Hotel in Sunderland. Many of his paintings of seascapes and shipbuilding are based on Wearside scenes.

The Northern Gallery for Contemporary Art on Fawcett Street and Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens have exhibitions and installations from new and established artists alike. Sunderland Museum has a big collection of LS Lowry. The National Glass Centre on Liberty Way also exhibits a number of glass sculptures.

Sunderland has produced a number of musicians that have gone on to reach international fame, most notably Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics. Kenickie, which featured Lauren Laverne on vocals, also achieved a top ten album and wide critical acclaim in the mid-to-late-1990s.
In recent years, the underground music scene and the Sunderland Music Project have helped the likes of The Futureheads and Field Music gain national recognition. In 2004, music magazine NME put Sunderland came 8th in a list of the "coolest" music places in the UK.

Other famous Mackem musicians include punk rockers The Toy Dolls, who broke the top five of the charts with "Nellie the Elephant" in December 1984; the lead singer of dance outfit Olive, Ruth Ann Boyle, who now works with Enigma; A Tribe of Toffs made number 21 with their cult hit "John Kettley is a weatherman" in December 1988; Alex Kapranos of the band Franz Ferdinand also grew up in Sunderland and South Shields.

On the 7 and 8 May 2005, Sunderland hosted the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend concert - the UK's largest free music festival. The event was held at Herrington Country Park, in the shadow of Penshaw Monument and was attended by 30,000 visitors.

Sunderland does not have a big music venue such as the MetroRadio Arena or the Carling Academy in Newcastle. The Empire Theatre sometimes plays host to music acts, and has attracted Deacon Blue and Journey South to the city in recent years. McFly played there in April 2007. In the past it has also welcomed major bands such as The Beatles and The Kinks.

"Independent", a city centre nightclub/music venue, satisfies underground music lovers, having previously played host to Keane, Franz Ferdinand, Kasabian, Kaiser Chiefs, Maxïmo Park and Snow Patrol when they were largely unknown. More recently, Doves and Tim Burgess have performed DJ sets on club nights, and in summer 2007 the club hosted gigs from established bands such as The Zutons and The Maccabees. The Manor Quay, the students' union on the campus of the University of Sunderland has also hosted the Arctic Monkeys, Maxïmo Park, 911, the Levellers and Girls Aloud in the past three years.

Clint Boon sometimes deejays in indie venue "Ku Club", and the Bluetones did a set there in 2006.

"CoSMOS", the City of Sunderland Millennium Orchestral Society’’ was set up in 2000 to mark the millennium.

The Sunderland Empire Theatre, opened in 1907, is the largest theatre in the North East. It reopened in December 2004, following a big redevelopment, making the stage bigger. Now it can stage West End shows such as "Miss Saigon", "Starlight Express" and "My Fair Lady". The Empire is the only theatre between Leeds and Glasgow big enough to put on such shows.

The Birmingham Royal Ballet have a season at the Sunderland Empire every year, and it is thought of as the company's north-east home.

The Royalty Theatre is the home to the (amateur) Royalty Theatre group who also put on a number of low-budget productions throughout the year. Well-known movie producer David Parfitt belonged to this company before achieving worldwide fame.

Each year on the last weekend in July, the city hosts the Sunderland International Airshow. It takes place along the sea front at Roker and Seaburn, and is attended by over 1.2 million people annually. It is the largest free airshow in Europe.

Sunderland also hosts the free International Festival of Kites, Music and Dance, which attracts kite-makers from around the world to Northumbria Playing Fields, Washington.

Every year, the city hosts a large Remembrance Day memorial, believed to be the largest in the UK outside of London.

HMS Ocean, a Helicopter Landing Ship is Sunderland's adopted Royal Navy ship. The crew of HMS Ocean regularly visit the city.

At Christmas, Sunderland has a German market in the city centre selling German-made wooden goods, and German food. It also hosts a large ice rink in Mowbray Park, which is part of the wider, regional North East Winter Festival.

Traditional attractions for visitors to Sunderland include Penshaw Monument, the Souter Lighthouse (the first electrically powered lighthouse in the world), the 15th century Hylton Castle, the Wildfowl park in Washington, and the beaches of Roker and Seaburn.

The National Glass Centre opened in 1998, reflecting Sunderland's distinguished history of glass-making. The centre has never been as successful as hoped.

Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens, on Borough Road, was the first publicly funded museum in the country outside London. It was opened by Ulysses S. Grant shortly after he stopped being US President. The museum has a big collection of the locally produced Sunderland Lustreware pottery. The new City Library Arts Centre, on Fawcett Street, also houses the Northern Gallery for Contemporary Art.

The City of Sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural environment. Sunderland has won awards from the Britain in Bloom group in 1993, 1997 and 2000.

Sunderland is one of the most deprived cities in the North of England. 11 of the 25 wards featuring in the list of the 2000 most deprived wards in England. The most deprived areas are Southwick to the north of the river and Thorney Close to the south - both with chronic levels of unemployment, although the city is performing better than the North East as a whole.

Once called the "Greatest Shipbuilding Town in the World", ships were built on the Wear from at least 1346 onwards. The Port of Sunderland was expanded in the 1850s when the Hudsons Dock were built for the River Wear Commissioners. Robert Stephenson helped the engineers.
Competition from overseas caused a downturn in demand for Sunderland built ships toward the end of the twentieth century. The last shipyard in Sunderland closed in 1988.

Sunderland, part of the Durham coalfield, has a coal-mining heritage that dates back centuries. At the peak in 1923, 170,000 miners were employed in County Durham alone, as labourers from all over Britain, including many from Scotland and Ireland, entered the region. As demand for coal fell after World War II, mines began to close across the region, causing mass unemployment. The last coal mine closed in 1994. The site of the last coal mine, Wearmouth Colliery, is now the Stadium of Light, and a miner's Stephenson lamp monument stands outside of the ground to honour the heritage of the site.

Glass has been made in Sunderland for around 1,500 years. But overseas competition has forced the closure of all of Sunderland's glass-making factories. Corning Glass Works was one of the last. It was in Sunderland for 120 years, until 31 March 2007

Vaux Breweries was established in the town centre in the 1880s and for 110 years was a major employer. The brewery was finally closed in July 1999. Vaux in Sunderland and Wards Brewing Company in Sheffield had been part of the Vaux Group, when both breweries closed the group started to concentrate on its hotels which were in The Swallow Group. In the autumn of 2000 even this was taken over by Whitbread PLC.

Sunderland's economy began to get better after the 1980s.

The giant Nissan factory moved in, and new service industries arrived. Doxford International Business Park, in the south west of the city, has attracted a host of national and international companies.

The former shipyard areas along the River Wear have also been transformed. Instead of the old industry new developments have been built, including:

Sunderland Corporation's massive post-war housing estate developments, such as Farringdon, Pennywell, Grindon, Hylton Red House, Hylton Castle, Thorney Close and Town End Farm, together with earlier developments, have all passed into the ownership of Gentoo (once called Sunderland Housing Group), a private company and a "Registered Social Landlord". Since the transfer in 2000 there have been a lot of improvements to the quality of social housing in the city.

The central business district of Sunderland has also been redeveloped and improved. In 2000, The Bridges shopping centre was extended to attract national chain stores. In November 2004, after several years with no cinema, a Cineworld multiplex opened in the new River Quarter, an entertainment complex towards the east of the City Centre. The Cinema was taken over by the Empire Multiplex Cinema Company in mid 2006. The previous ABC Cinema, situated on the corner of Park Lane and Holmeside, had been derelict for a number of years until it reopened late in 2005 as The Point, with three bars and the Union nightclub.

The arrival of Roy Keane as Sunderland AFC's new manager in August 2006 has had a massive impact in Sunderland's once limited tourism industry. Keane has proved a big pull for the city in terms of attracting tourists to Sunderland, with the Tourism Office reporting a dramatic rise in the number of football fans coming to the city "mentioning his name" as early as October 2006, just six weeks after Keane's appointment as manager. Airline Ryanair, moreover, recorded a 10% increase in passenger numbers travelling to Newcastle Airport on Fridays before a Sunderland home game, some 600 more than on other Fridays. The Tourism Office believes Keane's attachment to the city is causing a knock-on effect on local restaurants, bars and attractions in that more tourists are "making a weekend of it" after watching the football.

Sunderland station was rebuilt in November 1965 for football teams and officials from countries who were playing at Roker Park when England hosted the 1966 World Cup. It is served by Northern Rail services between Newcastle and Middlesbrough, and Grand Central services to York and London

In 2002, the Tyne and Wear Metro system was extended to Sunderland. The local Metro ends at South Hylton after calling at Sunderland Rail Station and Park Lane Bus Station. Metro trains are quite frequent and travel between Newcastle International Airport and Newcastle upon Tyne in the north and South Hylton at the southern end of the line. However, the Metro extension has not been viewed as a huge success with frequency of services cut due to a lack of demand.

A multimillion-pound transport interchange at Park Lane was opened on 2 May 1999 by the then "Brookside" actor Michael Starke. With 750,000 passengers per year it is the busiest bus and coach station in Britain after Victoria Station in Central London, and has won several design awards. A new Metro station was built underneath the bus concourse to provide a direct interchange as part of the extension to South Hylton in 2002.

There are a number of cycle routes that run through and around Sunderland. The National Cycle Network National Route 1 runs from Ryhope in the south, through the centre of the city, and then along the coast towards South Shields. Britain's most popular long distance cycle route - The 'C2C' Sea to Sea Cycle Route - traditionally starts (or ends) when the cyclist dips their wheel in the sea on Roker beach. The 'W2W' 'Wear-to-Walney' route, and the 'Two-Rivers' (Tyne and Wear) route also end in Sunderland.

Developer of the electric lightbulb Joseph Swan, agony aunt Denise Robertson, rockers 'The Futureheads' and Alex Kapranos of 'Franz Ferdinand', Civil liberty campaigner Chris Mullin MP, radio DJ and singer Lauren Laverne, football manager Bob Paisley, actor James Bolam, movie producer David Parfitt, lead singer of 'Olive' Ruth-Ann Boyle, author Lewis Carroll, artist LS Lowry, journalist Kate Adie, and the Venerable Bede are a few of the many famous people born in or associated with Sunderland. 


List of monarchs of Carthage

Until 308 BC, Carthage was ruled, at least officially, by Monarchs.

Monarchs of Carthage, 814 BC-308 BC
Magonids
Hannonian

In 480 BC, following Hamilcar I's death, the King lost most of his power to an aristocratic Council of Elders. In 308 BC, Bomilcar attempted a coup (rebellion) to restore the monarch to full power, but failed, which led to Carthage becoming in name as well as in fact a republic.

Wilhelm Busch

Wilhelm Busch (born April 15, 1832 in Wiedensahl, near Hannover; died January 9, 1908 in Mechtshausen) was a German painter and poet who is known for his satirical picture stories.
After studying first mechanical engineering and then art in Düsseldorf, Antwerp, and Munich he started drawing caricatures.

Wilhelm Busch also wrote a number of poems in a style similar to his picture stories. Besides that he produced more than 1,000 oil paintings that were not sold until after his death in 1908.




Electronic sports

Electronic sports (Also called esports) is term for video games that are played competitively. Popular electronic sports games are Counter-Strike, League of Legends, Warcraft, Starcraft, Dota 2, Quake, Fortnite and Valorant. Electronic Sports is played over the Internet or via LAN. There are professional leagues and tournaments like the "Cyberathlete Professional League", "ClanBase", "Electronic Sports League" and the "World Cyber Games" where electronic sports players can earn thousands of US Dollars. One example is Starcraft in Korea where they have many players who are very competitive.
Esports has been around since the dawn of arcades when players would battle it out for number one.

According to TechCrunch the game maker Epic Games is providing $100 million in prize money in 2019 for participants in esports.

Marklohe

Marklohe is a municipality in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is an amt in the district of Nienburg (Weser) in Lower Saxony. Marklohe has about 4000 inhabitants.

Skunk

A skunk is a mammal, usually black with a white stripe on its back and a fluffy tail, but some skunks can be brown or gray. Its most special part is that it can shoot out a bad-smelling spray from under its tail; it does this to scare away things that could hurt it. Some people keep skunks as pets.

It can eat both plants and small animals like earthworms, frogs, snakes, birds and eggs. It usually eats berries, leaves, grasses and nuts. In places where humans live, skunks often steal food from garbage or pet bowls.

The striped skunk is the most well-known kind of skunk. It weighs 2.5 to 14 pounds (1.2–6.3 kg) with a body length (without the tail) of 13 to 18 inches (33–46 cm). The tail is 7 to 10 inches long (18–25 cm), and sometimes has a white tip.

Most types of skunk live in the United States and Canada, but there are also types that live in Indonesia and the Philippines. 

There are ten living species of skunks in four genera: "Conepatus" (hog-nosed skunks, four species); "Mephitis" (the hooded and striped skunks, two species) and "Spilogale" (spotted skunks, four species). All wild skunks inhabit the Americas, ranging from Canada to central South America. 

Cerebellum

In all vertebrates, including human beings, the cerebellum is one of the main divisions of the brain. 

The cerebellum works mainly to control balance and coordinate movement. It combines signals from eyes, muscle spindles, and ears with motor commands from the forebrain and helps to coordinate control of the body. More advanced regions of the human cerebellum may be crucial to language and mental dexterity. Bands of axons extend from the cerebellum into the pons.

Sustainable development

Sustainable development is a way for people to use the things they need so there will be left. It means building things without harming the natural world.
The Brundtland Commission said sustainable development is the same thing as sustainability: It "meets the needs of the present and [does not] compromise the ability of future generations to meet their own needs""

Everyone wants a good place to live. Some people want better homes and housing, while other people want better schools, more jobs, better shops, or cleaner and safer streets. Others may want all these things. What ever the problems in any neighbourhood, they can usually be grouped into three issues. People need:
Acting against these goals is population growth, which is almost out of control in many countries.

This is not just a local issue. The same problems are faced at a national level. If the governments of the world are to deal with poverty, they do not just need to provide money and food aid, they need to help local people get educated and get jobs. People also need a safe environment with adequate homes and drinking water. To make these things work, governments also need to make sure that people have an effective voice in deciding what happens where they live.

This approach is called "sustainable development". While this phrase can be confusing, it's now used in many government documents and in funding programmes. Sustainable development has three parts: environmental sustainability, economic sustainability and sociopolitical sustainability.

At the core of this idea is the matter of meeting people's needs – for a home, for a decent job, for education for their children, for good health care, and for a safe and healthy neighbourhood to live in.

Most people in the rich nations have most of these needs, but there are still many people living in poverty and in poor quality homes. Even if these basic needs are met there are still plenty of ways in which their ‘quality of life’ is under threat: from crime, from pollution, or from living in neighbourhoods where no-one in authority seems to care."Sustainable development is development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs". 

Many areas have programmes to promote local sustainability: many are called ‘Local Agenda 21’ plans, named after the international action plan for sustainable development agreed at the United Nations Earth Summit held in 1992. 

The UN has released a set of 17 goals aiming at sustainable development. They are:-

Population is dropping in many countries. and due to drop in others. Arguments based on population growth are too over-general. What is happening in many countries is a failure to reproduce at replacement rate. This is about 2.1 children on average per female in the population. On average, women are not having so many children as they used to. This is apparently the effect of birth control being available in most countries. () 14:11, 9 March 2024 (UTC)

With the rapid development of science and technology, outer space has become one of the key research objects of various countries since the 20th century. However, because of the uneven development of science and technology, the use of outer space resources varies greatly from country to country, which has led to frequent misuse of outer space resources. Although outer space is not part of the earth's environment, the exploration and use of outer space could have an impact on the earth's ecology, therefore in recent years more and more countries have begun to consider how to more efficiently exploit outer space. It is undoubtedly that education is a wise method for development of sustainable endeavours in outer space. Raising public awareness of outer space, strengthening knowledge of outer space among citizens, and cultivating high-quality elites could provide more possibilities for sustainable work in space in the future.

In the United States, in order to stimulate the potential of different students and to cultivate professional researchers for more scientific and environmentally friendly exploration of outer space, has proposed strategy for (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) engagement. STEM Projects consists of "Next Gen STEM", "National Space Grant College and Fellowship Project"，"Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research" and "Minority University Research and Education Project", which involve a large number of academic faculty, students, and NASA staff. During the program, reorganised educational resources and learning opportunities to include all American students who are interest in outer space, with the aim of reflecting the inclusiveness, richness and equity of the program. The programme not only stimulates the interest of students in outer space to explore a richer pool of talent, but also spreads national outer space knowledge to raise public awareness of outer space development.



Ribose

Ribose is a five-carbon sugar. It is found in RNA (ribonucleic acid).

D-Ribose is taken as a herbal supplement. Victims of fibromyalgia often report reduced pain and increased energy with little or no side effects.

Deoxyribose

Deoxyribose is the sugar component of deoxyribonucleic acid or DNA, having one less hydroxyl group than ribose, the sugar component of ribonucleic acid or RNA.Due to its various attributes it has numerous appellations ie d-2-deoxyribose, a five carbon monosaccharide, and pentose sugar.Deoxyribose is most notable for its presence in the DNA which was first track down by a Russian-born-American biochemist Phoebus Aaron Theodore Levene (1869 – 1940) who discovered ribose (the sugar that forms the alternating backbone of RNA by binding to phosphate group) in 1909 and Deoxyribose in 1929. 

Henry Royce

Sir Henry Royce was born 27 March 1863 and died 22 April 1933. He made cars, and with Charles Stewart Rolls started the Rolls-Royce company.

He was born in Alwalton, Huntingdonshire which is near Peterborough as the youngest child of five.

Seizure

A convulsion or seizure happens when the body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly, resulting in uncontrolled shaking. Because epileptic seizures typically include convulsions, the term "convulsion" is sometimes used as a synonym for "seizure". However, not all epileptic seizures lead to convulsions, and not all convulsions are caused by epileptic seizures. 

A seizure happens when the nerves in a person's brain act strangely. Nerves send information, partly through electrical signals. Usually, nerves in the brain (called neurons) do not fire at the same time. During a seizure, groups of nerves start firing together, too fast. This causes there to be too much disorganized electrical activity in the brain.

Most people think a person with a seizure will shake and twitch. Some will, but there are also other kinds of seizures.

There are many different types of seizures. They are named by how much of the brain they affect and what happens to the person when they are having that type of seizure.

In partial seizures, only a small part of the brain is involved in the seizure. These seizures can be more specifically called:

In generalized seizures, a larger part of the brain is involved in the seizure. Often, parts of both hemispheres (halves of the brain) are affected. These seizures can be more specifically called:

"Status epilepticus" is a medical emergency. A person is "in status" when:
Status epilepticus is a medical emergency because the brain will not get enough oxygen during a long seizure. This can cause brain damage or death.

Certain types of seizures point to a disorder called epilepsy, where the nerves do not work as they should. They carry the wrong messages to the brain so that the person moves uncontrollably or sees, hears, smells, feels, or tastes things that are not there. Medicine can be taken to prevent this from happening.

Other than epilepsy, many other things can cause seizures.

Diseases that can cause seizures include:

Drugs and alcohol can cause seizures:

Other things that can cause seizures include:

Most seizures only last a short time. The best thing to do is to prevent the person with the seizure from hurting themselves. During a seizure, reflexes do not work, and the people with the seizure do not have control over their muscles. 


1236

1236 (MCCXXXVI) was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Profession

The profession is a job at which someone works and for which they have had training. It is what they do to get money or a living. People often study for years to do their job. Medieval Europe recognized three professions: divinity, medicine, and law. These were called "learned professions". In modern times other occupations such as teacher or engineer are often called "learned". 

Sometimes "profession" only means learned professions, but the word may also be used for other jobs. Someone who works in a profession is called a professional. Sometimes this is in contrast to amateur which means someone who does similar things but is not paid.

International Nuclear Event Scale

The International Nuclear Event Scale (INES) is a system introduced by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). It was introduced to allow people to communicate how serious a nuclear accident is. Other people are then able to react faster to take protection measures. For each level, there is a list of things that must be there, for the accident to be of that level. 

There are 7 levels on the INES scale:

Level 7 is the highest level. Accidents of this type have a large impact (pollution, radiation) outside the site where they occur. The health of many people is put in danger. There are big effects on the environment. Examples: Fukushima nuclear disaster - 2011, Chernobyl disaster (former Soviet Union) - 1986.

Level 6 Accidents of this type have a large impact (pollution, radiation) outside the site where they occur. Several governments may need to do a lot to protect their population. Example: Mayak (former Soviet Union) 1957. Because of the levels of radioactive materials released, the Mayak accident would probably be rated at level 7 today.

Level 5 Accidents of this type release some radiation. Some groups of people which are at risk may need special countermeasures. Examples: Windscale fire (United Kingdom) - 1957, Three Mile Island accident (United States) - 1979.

"The Levels 5-7 are related to severe damage of the reactor core and the radiological barriers." 

Level 4 is for significant damage of the reactor core / radiological barriers and/or a fatal exposure of a worker (or more), but the off-site impact is minor, resulting in public exposure of the order of the prescribed limits. Examples: Windscale (United Kingdom) - 1973, Saint-Laurent (France) - 1980, Buenos Aires (Argentina) - 1983.

Level 3 is for very small off-site impact, although related to severe spread of contamination on-site / acute health effects to a worker (or more). It is a "near accident" event, when no safety layers are remaining. Example: Vandellos (Spain) - 1989, THORP plant Sellafield (United Kingdom) - 2005.

Level 2 is an incident with no off-site impact, related to significant spread of contamination on-site / overexposure of a worker.

Level 1 is an anomaly beyond the authorized operating regime.

Level 0 is a "below-scale event" of no safety significance.

There are also events of no safety relevance, characterized as "out of scale".


Hafnarfjörður

Hafnarfjörður is a city found on the western coast of Iceland. It is about 10 kilometres south of Reykjavík. It is the third biggest city in Iceland.. Around 25,400 people were living in Hafnarfjörður as of 2008.


Level

Level might refer to;


Bloomington, Illinois

Bloomington is a city in McLean County, Illinois, United States. It is considered a "Twin City" of Normal, Illinois. It is probably best known as the headquarters of State Farm Insurance.

Giverny

Giverny is a village in Normandy, France. It was the temporary home of Claude Monet. At Giverny Monet paintings became much more popular. Here he painted the famous "Poppy Field Near Giverny", Grain stacks" and "The Japanese Bridge":

Fort Collins, Colorado

Fort Collins is a city in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is near the Cache la Poudre River and home of Colorado State University.

Silver Spring, Maryland

Silver Spring is a community in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is a suburb of Washington, DC. It is the fifth biggest place in Maryland by population. Its population in 2020 was 81,015. Francis Preston Blair founded Silver Spring in 1840.


Iraq

Iraq is a country in southwestern Asia. Iraq borders with Saudi Arabia and Kuwait to the south, Turkey to the north, Syria to the north-west, Jordan to the west, and Iran to the east. The capital of Iraq is Baghdad.

Iraq has been known by the Greek name Mesopotamia which means "(Land between the rivers)" and has been home to continuous successive civilizations since the 6th millennium BC. The region between the Euphrates and Tigris rivers is often referred to as the cradle of civilization and the birthplace of writing. Iraq was part of several empires, some were Safavid, and Afsharid. During the Mesopotamian Campaign of World War I, British Empire troops conquered the Ottoman Empire provinces of Basra and Baghdad and later added the province of Mosul to make Iraq.

Most Iraqis are Shia Muslims.

From 1968 to 2003, Iraq was run by the Ba'ath Party. Saddam Hussein was the President from 1979 until the disbandment of the Ba'ath Party.

After the 1990 invasion of Kuwait many countries, including the United States, United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, France, Italy, Pakistan, and others fought to free Kuwait. Later, some agents believed to be sent by Saddam Hussein tried to kill former President George H. W. Bush with a truck bomb in Kuwait.

The Kurdistan Region gained autonomy in the 1990s. Kurdistan region has its own parliament.

The March 2003 invasion of Iraq was led by American, British, Australian, Danish and Polish forces. They forced the Ba'ath Party to surrender. The publicly stated reason for the invasion was that Saddam Hussein refused to let United Nations inspectors look for suspected nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. In the past, Saddam Hussein used chemical weapons to kill the Kurds. Iraq had done research in making biological and nuclear weapons.

The country was initially split into 3 zones, the American zone, the British zone, and the Polish zone similar to the way Germany was divided in 1945. Forces from Denmark controlled areas in the British zone. A new temporary government was formed on June 28, 2004. The coalition forces were in the country.

There were many U.S., British and multi-national troops in the country until December 15, 2011 when the Iraq War had ended. Tensions between religious groups (Shia and Sunni Muslims, as well as Christians) lead to a great deal of instability in the country.

The country area lies between two rivers; for this reason the area was called Mesopotamia in ancient ages. The rivers Euphrates and Tigris bound what is called the Fertile Crescent. Iraq also has a small coastline along the Persian Gulf, and this coastline was considered the heart of the petroleum trade in Iraq before the First Gulf War. The weather is extremely hot and dry because Iraq is far from seas and oceans and even the close ones are blocked by mountains so that the rainy wind can not reach the inlands. This region has fertile land because of the two rivers.

Iraq is divided into 18 provinces ("muhafazah").

Iraq has a large amount of oil. Iraq is the world's number four in petroleum production and the world's number two in petroleum reserves. In the past, Iraq sold much of this oil to other countries. After Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990, the United Nations stopped Iraq from selling the oil. The United Nations later allowed Iraq to sell some oil to buy food, clothes, and medicine so the people would not suffer as much. This was called the "Oil-for-Food" program.


Neutron star

A neutron star is a very small and dense star made almost completely of neutrons. They are small stars with a radius of about 1111.5 kilometres. They have a mass of about twice that of the Sun. They are the smallest and densest stars known to exist in the Universe. They are what is left of a huge star which exploded as a supernova.

The density of the star is like that of the nucleus of an atom. They have strong magnetic fields, between 10 and 10 times as strong as that of Earth. The gravitational field at the neutron star's surface is about 2×10 times stronger than on Earth.

To imagine how dense a neutron star is, take all of the mass of our sun (which has a diameter of ) and push it down into a size that would fit into a ball with a diameter. Another way to understand the density is this: one teaspoon of matter from the neutron star would weigh 6 billion tons.

Neutron stars spin very fast, from 0.001 second up to 30 seconds to turn. They come in different types. They may emit beams of electromagnetic radiation as pulsars. Other types are magnetars and binary pulsars.

They are more than 600,000 degrees Kelvin in temperature. Neutron stars that can be observed are very hot and typically have a surface temperature of around .

In 1934, Walter Baade and Fritz Zwicky proposed the existence of neutron stars, only a year after the discovery of the neutron by James Chadwick.

Looking for the origin of a supernova, they suggested that in supernova explosions ordinary stars are turned into stars that consist of extremely closely packed neutrons, which they called neutron stars. Baade and Zwicky suggested that the release of the gravitational binding energy of the neutron stars powers the supernova: "In the supernova process, mass in bulk is annihilated".

Neutron stars were thought to be too faint to be detectable. Little work was done on them until November 1967, when Franco Pacini (1939–2012) pointed out that if the neutron stars were spinning and had large magnetic fields, then electromagnetic waves would be emitted. Radio astronomer Antony Hewish and his research assistant Jocelyn Bell at Cambridge soon detected radio pulses from stars that are now known as pulsars.

Parent

Parents are the mother and father or caretaker of their offspring. 

In humans, a parent is the mother or the father figure of a child. They are either biologically or legally related to the person. When parents separate and choose who takes care of a child it is called "custody". Parents who fail in their duty may be guilty of child abuse.


Lee Hsien Loong

Lee Hsien Loong (born 10 February 1952) is a Singaporean politician who is the current Prime Minister of Singapore. He is a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Teck Ghee division of Ang Mio Kio Group Member Constituency. He is a member of the People's Action Party (PAP), and he is serving as the Secretary-General of it.

Lee was born in 1952 at Kandang Kerbau Hospital (presently known as KK Women's and Children's Hospital). He is the first child of Lee Kuan Yew and Kwa Geok Choo. Lee Kuan Yew, was the first Prime Minister of Singapore.

Lee studied mathematics and computer science at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1974 and a Master of Public Administration degree at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 1980.

Lee joined the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) in 1971 and left in 1984. He had the role of brigadier-general.

After leaving the SAF in 1984, he entered politics during the 1984 general elections. In 1987, he became a full member of the Cabinet as Minister for Trade and Industry and Second Minister for Defence. In 1990, Lee Hsien Loong was made a deputy prime minister.

In August 2004, Goh Chok Tong stepped down as Prime Minister, and Lee Hsien Loong took over the position. He then became the General Secretary of People's Action Party (PAP).

On his grandmother (father's side), Chua Jim Neo is a Hokkien Nyonya. His mother's ancestors are from Tong'an District, Xiamen, Fujian, China. He studied at Nanyang Primary School, Catholic High School and National Junior College.

In 1971, Lee joined the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF). Lee was promoted to very high rank quickly in the Singapore Army. In July 1983, he became the youngest Brigadier General in Singapore. He left SAF in 1984.

In the 1980s, Lee Kuan Yew said he will step down as Prime Minister in 1984. Lee Hsien Loong was considered in the list of new leaders in PAP.

In 1984, at 32, He was elected an MP. His father immediately assigned him as a Minister of State for some ministries.

In 1987, he joined in the Cabinet as the Minister for Trade and Industry and Second Minister for Defence.

From 2008 to 2012, Lee's salary was S$3.87 million every year. He had a salary increase of 25%, it was originally S$3,091,200.

In January 2012, his salary was reduced to S$2.2 million due to the public having complained then about his unfair salary. But, he is still the prime minister with the highest salary in the world.


Adam and Eve

Adam and Eve are the parents of all humans in the Abrahamic religions. In the Book of Genesis in the Bible, as well as the Qu'ran and the Aqdas, they are the first two people made by God.

The Bible says that the "Nāḥāš" (translated as serpent) tempted Eve so she could eat the forbidden fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil in the middle of the garden, disobeying God's command. When Adam and Eve sinned, they were cast out of the Garden of Eden and cursed with pain, death, and sickness.

In the Christian religion, the serpent is the Devil, a fallen angel and chief demon, who carries the titles of "Lucifer" ("Light bringer" or "Shining One") and "Satan" ("Accuser" or "Adversary").

The second chapter of Genesis says that God made Adam from the dust of the ground. Then, God breathed life into him. God made a garden, called the Garden of Eden, for him to live in and take care of. Adam named the animals that God made. God did not provide clothing for Adam or Eve until they disobeyed him. He gave them tunics made out of animal fur when he banished them from Eden. . 

God knew that the animals were not good enough friends for Adam, who needed a partner like him. So God took a rib from Adam and used it to make Eve (meaning "mother of all living"). Adam did not give her this name until God banished them from Eden when he provided clothing for them out of animal fur after they disobeyed him.

Chapter three of Genesis says that Adam and Eve had everything they needed in the garden. There was only one thing that God told them that they should "not" do: eat from the Tree of Knowledge; only from the Tree of Life. The serpent told them that God does not want you both to be as intelligent as he is, so this convinced Eve to disobey God's orders. Once they ate the forbidden fruit, they were forced to leave Eden. Not only that, but God said that women would experience pain during childbirth, that men would have to work hard to grow food, and that he would return to the dust from which he came at death.

Many Christians believe that because Adam sinned, his descendants are born inclined to evil. They cannot turn to God unless God first gives them Divine grace. This way God makes it possible for them to respond to Him and be saved. 

Ramadan

Ramadan (sometimes spelled Ramazan, Ramzan, Ramadhan) is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, during which Muslims fast or do not eat or drink during the daytime. It is the holiest month in Islam. As mentioned in Sura Bakarah, verse number 183: 
O ye who believe! Fasting is prescribed to you as it was prescribed to 
those before you, that ye may [learn] self-restraint,-

The date for the start of Ramadan is slightly different each year, depending on the position of the moon. Once Ramadan starts, Muslims should not eat or drink between dawn and sunset. This usually continues for thirty days, but sometimes twenty-nine days.

Fasting is supposed to teach Muslims about patience and ibadah (faith). It is a time for Muslims to think about how the poor and homeless suffer without lots of food, it helps Muslims to be more obedient, and less greedy. During Ramadan, Muslims ask to be forgiven for their sins, and they pray for help in stopping them from doing bad things.
Muslims believe Ramadan is the month in which the first verses of the Qur'an were revealed to Muhammad. 

Not everyone has to fast in Ramadan. Children do not have to fast. They should start when they reach the age of puberty, so long as they are healthy. People who are travelling long distances do not have to fast. Pregnant women do not have to if they think it might harm their unborn baby. Sometimes sportsmen do not observe the fast, although there are disagreements about this. For example, the Olympic Games in 2012 fell in the middle of the holy month. This made it very difficult for the sportsmen who could not eat or drink during daytime.

When the sun goes down and it gets dark the Muslim people will start eating again (this is called "breaking the fast"). This meal is known as Iftar. There are often big meals enjoyed together by lots of Muslims. Sometimes markets open after Iftar and stay open during the night. Ramadan is also the month when the "Quran" was sent down into Earth by an Angel called "Jibrill" ("Gabriel").


Caykur Rizespor

Caykur Rizespor is a sports club in Rize, Turkey. It was started in 1968. Caykur Rizespor 's home stadium is the Caykur Didi Stadyumu in Rize. Caykur Rizespor is in Turkish Super League.


Tenzing Norgay

Tenzing Norgay (May 29, 1914 – May 9, 1986) was a Sherpa climber. Norgay and Sir Edmund Hillary were the first people to reach the top of Mount Everest on May 29, 1953. During his life he had several wives, as it is part of Sherpa lifestyle. Norgay was born in Kharta Valley, Nepal. He died aged 71 in Darjeeling, India.

There are different views about his early life. The account that he gave in his first autobiography, accepted for several years, is that he was a Sherpa born and brought up in Khumbu in Nepal. However more recent research has led to the claim that he was born a Tibetan in Kharta valley, Tibet, but his family were left destitute when their yaks were killed by disease, and he was sold as a bonded servant to a Sherpa family in Thamey in Nepal. Khumbu lies near Mount Everest, which the Tibetans and Sherpas call Chomolungma which in Tibetan means Mother Goddess of the Earth.
His exact date of birth is not known, but he knew it was in late May by the weather and the crops. After his ascent of Everest on 29 May, he decided to celebrate his birthday on that day thereafter.

He was originally called "Namgyal Wangdi", but as a child his name was changed on the advice of the head lama and founder of the famous Rongbuk Monastery, Ngawang Tenzin Norbu. Tenzing Norgay translates as "wealthy-fortunate-follower-of-religion." His father, a yak herder, was Ghang La Mingma (d. 1949) and his mother was Dokmo Kinzom (who lived to see him climb Everest); he was the 11th of 13 children, most of whom died young.

He ran away from home twice in his teens, first to Kathmandu and later Darjeeling, and, at age 19, eventually settled in the Sherpa community in Too Song Bhusti in Darjeeling, West Bengal, India.

One of his autobiographies is "Tiger of the snows: The Autobiography of Tenzing of Everest", written in 1955.

Tenzing Norgay had been on several attempts to reach the top of Mount Everest. Two of the attempts were stopped by bad weather which caused them to turn around. One of failed attempts was in 1935 with Eric Shipton. Eventually, after 6 failure attempts, Norgay finally reached the top of Mount Everest in 1953 along with Sir Edmund Hillary. They came back down from the top of the mountain on May 29, 1953 .

Tenzing later became director of field training for the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute in Darjeeling. In 1978 he started Tenzing Norgay Adventures, a company providing trekking adventures in the Himalaya.

As of 2003 the company was run by his son Jamling Tenzing Norgay, who himself reached the summit of Everest in 1996.

He was honored with the prestigious Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian honour, in 1959.

The Government of India instituted the Tenzing Norgay National Adventure Awards in his honour, awarded annually.

Tenzing Norgay died of a cerebral hemorrhage on 9 May 1986.

Sherpa

The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal, who live in the higher parts of the Himalayas. They often help guide people through the mountains. They also sometimes live on the trail of Mt. Everest. A well known Sherpa is Tenzing Norgay, who helped Edmund Hillary climb to the top of Mt. Everest.

Charlotte Eagles

The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte, North Carolina. The team's first season was 1993. They play in the 2nd Division of the United Soccer Leagues.

Charlotte, North Carolina

Charlotte is the most populous city in the U.S. state of North Carolina and it is the 16th most populous city in the United States. In 2020, the population of Charlotte according to the U.S. Census Bureau was 874,579. In addition, the population of Charlotte's metro area is listed as 2,660,329. 

The first people settled at the place where Charlotte is in 1755 when a man named Thomas Polk built a house near two Native American trading paths. More people started living in the area and in 1768 it became a town named Charlotte Town. It was named after the wife of King George III because the people wanted him to like them. But he did not, and soon he started passing laws that the people in Charlotte did not like. So, on May 20, 1775, the people in Charlotte signed a proclamation that later was called the Mecklenburg Declaration of Independence. They did not want to be ruled by the king anymore so eleven days later they had a meeting and made new laws for their town.

In the early 1800s, many churches started to form in Charlotte. That is why Charlotte is sometimes called “The City of Churches.”

In 1799, a boy found a big rock. When a jeweler told his family that it was gold, the first gold rush in the United States started. A lot of gold was found. More gold was found in North Carolina then any other state until the California Gold Rush of 1848. Some people in Charlotte still enjoy looking for gold.

After the Civil War Charlotte became a busy town. Cotton farmers brought their cotton to Charlotte to ship it on trains. Even more people started living in Charlotte during World War I. When the war ended a lot of people stayed in the city.

Today the city is known for its many banks. Charlotte is the second biggest banking city in the United States. Only New York City has more banks.

Charlotte has many different kinds of weather throughout the year. In the winter the temperature sometimes goes below 32 °F (0 °C) and in the summer it has gone up to 104 °F (40 °C). The city usually gets about 43.52 inches (1105.3 mm) of precipitation a year. Most of it is rain. It does not snow much in Charlotte.

This table shows the average temperature and rainfall each month:

Banking is very important in Charlotte. Many banks, such as Bank of America and Wachovia have headquarters in the city. There are also many other big companies in Charlotte. There are many skyscrapers (tall buildings) in Charlotte.

NASCAR also has many offices in Charlotte and in the towns around Charlotte.

Charlotte has a council-manager kind of government. This means that there two main leaders in Charlotte: the city council who makes the laws, and the city manager who makes sure everybody follows the laws.

The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department is in charge of keeping everyone in the city safe. The are about 1600 police officers in the Police Department.

The city’s public school system, called Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools, is the second biggest school system in North Carolina. The school system has about 146,000 students.

There is a university, called the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, in Charlotte. Right now there are about 29,000 students who go to this university. There is also a community college, called Central Piedmont Community College, in the city. It is the biggest community college in both North or South Carolina. Charlotte has many private universities as well.

There are many professional sports teams in Charlotte. Some of them are:

Charlotte also has several parks and other public places for people to enjoy.

There are many public busses to help people get around the city. In 2007 Charlotte began a mass transit light rail system. Charlotte also has a system of small trains called LYNX.

Charlotte's International Airport name Charlotte/Douglas, which is the 11th busiest airport in the world.

Because Charlotte is in the middle of the east coast of the U.S., a lot of people drive through the city every day. Charlotte has many big interstates to handle all the traffic. But many people think Charlotte does not have good roads. They are big, but they were not planned well.

Amtrak runs three different trains every day in Charlotte. People can ride these trains to the following cities:

Carolina Panthers

The Carolina Panthers are an American Football team in the National Football League or the NFL. The Panthers play at Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina. They played their first game in 1995. Their current quarterback's are Bryce Young And Andy Dalton. The team has gone to the playoffs 7 times and to the Super Bowl twice. The most recent appearance was in the . 


ADD

ADD or Add can mean:


Selgovae

The Selgovae were a Brythonic tribe in Scotland, who lived in what is now the Borders. Their capital was on the North Eildon hill, near the current town of Melrose. This was a large hillfort covering an area of about 40 acres. It is believed that there were about 2500 people living in the fort. The Selgovae left the fort in 79 AD when the Roman army invaded the area. There are other Selgovae hillforts at Caidemuir Hill (near Peebles), Dreva Craig (near Broughton), Rubers Law (near Hawick), Whiteside Hill (near Romannobridge), Abory Hill (near Abington), Cow Castle (near Coulter), Quothquan Law (near Thankerton), Bodsberry Hill (near Crawford) and at Crawford. At Tamshiell Rigg there is evidence of a walled settlement. The Roman forts at Birrens, Netherby and Bewcastle were all built in Selgovae lands, north of Hadrian's Wall.

In the second century, the Selgovae are said to be one of the four kingdoms of ancient Scotland. By the end of the fourth century, the area had been taken over by Coel Hen and his kingdom of North Britain.

Harrison Ford

Harrison Ford (born July 13, 1942) is an American movie actor and producer. He is famous for his roles as Han Solo in the original "Star Wars" movie series and the title character of the "Indiana Jones movie series". He won an Saturn Award in 1981 and an Bambie Award in 1997. He has recently starred in "Cowboys and Aliens" and in "42".

Harrison Ford was born on July 13, 1942 in Chicago, Illinois, USA. His family has Irish, German, Russian and Jewish ancestry. Ford has described himself as "Jewish as an actor, Irish as a person." He studied at Maine East High School in Park Ridge, Illinois and at Ripon College in Wisconsin.

Before he became successful as an actor, he worked as a carpenter during the 1970s. He is one of the most successful actors in the world. During his early years, he used the name '"Harrison J. Ford"' to stop the confusion between him and silent movie actor Harrison Ford. His movies have made a worldwide profit of US$5.65 billion. He is most known for his roles as Han Solo from "Star Wars" and as Indiana Jones in all four "Indiana Jones movies". Since then he formed a career relationship with both Steven Spielberg and George Lucas.

Ford was married to Mary Marquardt from 1964 until they divorced in 1979. Then he was married to Melissa Mathison from 1983 until they divorced in 2004. Then he was married to Calista Flockhart since 2010. He has two sons, Benjamin and Willard with Marquardt and a son, Malcolm and a daughter, Georgia with Mathison. Ford now lives in Los Angeles, California.




Prehistory

Prehistory (or pre-history) is the time before people began to write. The word comes from the Ancient Greek words προ ("pre" = "before") and ιστορία ("historia" = "history"). Paul Tournal first used the French word "Préhistorique". He found things made by humans more than ten thousand years ago in some caves in France. The word was first used in France around 1830 to talk about the time before writing. Daniel Wilson used it in English in 1851.

The term is mostly used for the period from 4.5 billion BC 3000 BC, roughly speaking, the Neolithic. Sometimes the term "prehistoric" is used for much older periods, but scientists have more accurate terms for those more ancient times.

Less is known about prehistoric people because there are no written records (history) for us to study. Finding out about pre-history is done by archaeology. This means studying things like tools, bones, buildings and cave drawings. Pre-history ends at different times in different places when people began to write.

In the more ancient stone age pre-history, people lived in "tribes" and lived in caves or tents made from animal skin. They had simple tools made from wood and bones, and cutting tools from stone such as flint, which they used to hunt and to make simple things. They made fire and used it for cooking and to stay warm. They made clothing out of animal skins, and later by weaving. Society started when people began doing specialized jobs. This is called the division of labour. The division of labor made people depend on one another and led to more complex civilizations.

Some important sciences that are used to find out more about pre-history are palaeontology, astronomy, biology, geology, anthropology, and archaeology. Archaeologists study things left over from prehistory to try to understand what was happening. Anthropologists study the traces of human behavior to learn what people were doing and why.

After people started to record events, first by drawing symbols (called "pictographs") and then by writing, it became much easier to tell what happened, and history started. These records can tell us the names of leaders (such as Kings and Queens), important events like floods and wars, and the things people did in their daily lives. The time when "prehistory" ended and "history" started is different in different places, depending on when people began to write and if their records were kept safe or lost so they could be found later on. In places like Mesopotamia, China, and Ancient Egypt, things were recorded from very early times (around 3200 BC in Ancient Egypt) and these records can be looked at and studied. In New Guinea, the end of prehistory came much later, around 1900.



Early Middle Ages

The Early Middle Ages were a period in European history. They lasted from the 5th century to the 10th century. They were followed by the High Middle Ages and the Late Middle Ages. These were called the “Middle” Ages because they came between ancient history and modern history. The Middle Ages are sometimes called the Medieval Age.

The early Middle Ages has also been called “the Dark Ages” because past scholars wrongly believed that there was very little culture, good literature, art, good architecture, technology or progress during this period.

The Early Middle Ages started with the fall of the Western Roman Empire.

In ancient history, the Western Roman Empire ruled much of Europe. Eventually, that empire started to weaken. In 410, Rome was sacked by Alaric, the leader of the Germanic tribe known as the Visigoths. Rome survived, but had been weakened greatly. In 476, when Rome was again invaded and sacked by Odoacer, he was able to take the city for himself. He made himself the king of Italy. This ended the Western Roman Empire. Europe entered the Early Middle Ages.

As the Early Middle Ages began, Europe was experiencing the effects of the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Before, the empire’s communication systems made it possible for people all over Europe to share ideas and facts. Now these communication systems were no longer working. This made it much more difficult to exchange knowledge and new ideas.

For many years, the Roman army had defended the empire and kept peace between different parts of Europe. Now, wars became common as people all over Europe started to fight each other for territory and resources.

The Catholic Church was very powerful during the Early Middle Ages. Most Europeans were Christian at this time. 

KGB

KGB is the Russian-language abbreviation for State Security Committee. It was the main internal security agency for the Soviet Union from 1954 until its break-up in 1991. It was formed in 1954 as a successor of earlier agencies, the Cheka, NKVD, and MGB, after the deaths of Joseph Stalin and Lavrentiy Beria in 1953. 

During the Cold War, the KGB suppressed "ideological subversion". This meant suppressing unorthodox political and religious ideas, and the people who held those ideas. It was Soviet policy for the KGB (and the secret services of the satellite states) to monitor public and private opinion, internal subversion and possible counter-revolutionary plots in the Soviet Bloc.

The KGB was instrumental in crushing the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, and the Prague Spring of "Socialism with a Human Face", in 1968 Czechoslovakia. A record of some of its doings is contained in the Mitrokin Archive.

From 13 March 1954 to 6 November 1991, KGB was the main name for the main Soviet security agency, intelligence agency or spy agency, and the secret police agency.

In March 1953, Lavrenty Beria merged the MVD and the MGB into one agencythe MVD. In December of that year, Beria and six associates were executed and the MVD split. The re-formed MVD retained its police and law enforcement powers, while the second, new agency, the KGB, did the internal and external security functions, and reported to the Council of Ministers. 

On 5 July 1978 the KGB was renamed as the "KGB of the Soviet Union", with its chairman holding a ministerial council seat. The KGB ended when its chief, Colonel-General Vladimir Kryuchkov, used the KGB's resources to help the August 1991 coup attempt to overthrow Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. On 23 August 1991 Colonel-General Kryuchkov was arrested, and General Vadim Bakatin was appointed KGB Chairmanand mandated to dissolve the KGB of the Soviet Union. On 6 November 1991, the KGB officially ceased to exist, although Russia's new national security organisation, the Russian "Federalnaya sluzhba bezopasnosti" (FSB), works in the same things that the Soviet KGB did.

Belarus is the only post-Soviet Union era country where the national security organization is still called "KGB". Belarus is where Felix Dzerzhinsky started a group called the Cheka, which was an organization in the Soviet Union before the MVD or the KGB was started.


Federal Security Service

The FSB (ФСБ) is an organisation in Russia that takes care of security of the country. It is the organisation that came after the KGB, relating to internal affairs inside the country. It is usually simply called the FSB in English-language sources. 

Its main responsibilities are within the country. It does counter-intelligence, internal and border security, counter-terrorism, and surveillance. It also investigates some other types of serious crimes. Its headquarters are in Lubyanka Square, Moscow's centre, in the main building of the former KGB. The Director of the FSB since 2008 is army general Aleksandr Bortnikov.


Nicolaus Copernicus

Nicolaus Copernicus (19 February 1473 – 24 May 1543) was a Polish astronomer. People know Copernicus for his ideas about the sun and the earth. His main idea was that our world is "heliocentric" ("helios" = sun). His theory was that the sun is in the middle of the solar system, and the planets go around it. This was published in his book, "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres) in the year that he died.
Copernicus was born in 1473 in the city of Thorn (Toruń) in Royal Prussia, a mainly German-speaking state that was ruled by the Polish king since 1466. He was the son of the merchant Niklas Koppernigk and his wife Barbara Koppernigk (born Barbara Watzenrode). His native language was German. He was taught first in Cracow and then in Italy, where he graduated as a lawyer of the church. He also studied medicine to serve his fellow clerics. Copernicus spent most of his life working and researching in Frauenburg (Frombork), Warmia, Royal Prussia where he died in 1543.

Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of his age. He was a priest, mathematician, astrologer, jurist, physician, classical scholar, governor, administrator, diplomat, and economist . During all these jobs, he treated astronomy as a hobby. However, his doctrine of heliocentrism that the sun, rather than the earth, is at the center of the solar system, is one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history. It was the beginning of modern astronomy.





Projection (mathematics)

A projection in geometry is something like finding a shadow that an object casts onto another object. When a three-dimensional sphere is projected onto a plane, its projection will either be a circle or an ellipse.

In higher mathematics, projections are more broad. A projection is an idempotent function from a set onto a subset. When a function is idempotent, it means that no matter how many (positive) times one uses the map, it is the same as using the map one time.

Often, projections pick coordinate from elements in a Cartesian product. For example, formula_1 can denote the map defined by formula_2.

Drizzle

Drizzle is the name given to light rain. The drop size of drizzle is smaller than that of rain, about 0.5 mm (millimeters) in diameter. 

Lightning

Lightning is a very powerful electrical discharge made during a thunderstorm. The electric current makes the air very hot. The suddenly heated air expands very quickly, which causes thunder. Sometimes lightning happens between clouds. Sometimes (in the rain) lightning goes from cloud to ground. If it goes from cloud to ground, it can strike a person. Around 2000 people are struck by lightning each year. A few of them are not killed.
About 50 to 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth every second. Lightning has hit the Empire State Building as many as 500 times a year.

When lightning strikes, the surface rubs electrons from the lightning, and a spark of electricity shoots from the lightning to the surface. In a thunderstorm, the lower cloud has as many as 100 million volts of electricity. This electricity is given out either within the cloud, to the ground, to another cloud, or into the air. Lightning has been known to travel from the ground upwards to the cloud. In 1993, scientists discovered lightning bolts that shot upward from the top of a cumulonimbus cloud.

People can make and study lightning with a Tesla coil or a Van de Graaff Generator.

Benjamin Franklin experimented with electricity and was interested in lightning. He discovered many things about lightning. In 1772, he was the first to show that a thunderstorm lets out electricity. In his book he suggested an experiment to test it. Joseph Priestley said that Franklin flew a kite to prove the presence of electricity in the storm, using a dry silk string to protect himself from the electricity in the wet hemp kitestring. 



Roseau

Roseau is the capital city of the Caribbean island of Dominica. It is home to more than fourteen thousand people.

Roseau (Dominican Creole: Wozo) is the capital and largest city of Dominica, with a population of 14,725 as of 2011.[1] It is a small and compact urban settlement, in the Saint George parish and surrounded by the Caribbean Sea, the Roseau River and Morne Bruce. Built on the site of the ancient Island Carib village of Sairi, it is the oldest and most important urban settlement on the island of Dominica.

It is on the west (leeward) coast of Dominica and has a combination of modern and colonial French architecture.

Roseau is Dominica's most important port for foreign trade. Some exports include bananas, bay oil, vegetables, grapefruit, oranges, and cocoa. The service sector is also a large part of the local economy. There are several private institutions registered in Dominica, like Ross University, Ballsbridge University, international university for graduate studies, All Saints University, New World University, Western Orthodox University.

There is a prominent diocese called Roman Catholic Diocese of Roseau.
Event

An event is something which happens or takes place. An event is brief, possibly extremely brief. Not like a process, which takes time. 





Paint

Paint is the general term for liquid that is used to add colour to the surface of an object by covering it with a pigmented (coloured) coating. As a verb, painting means "applying paint" (putting paint onto something). Someone who paints is called a painter.

Paint is made from a coloured pigment which is usually a powder. The powder is made from different chemicals. Some of the pigments come straight from natural things like clay. The pigment must be made wet by mixing it with something that will make it stick onto the surface and not come off easily. The wet stuff is called the "medium" or "vehicle". Water-based paints are mixed with water. Other paints are mixed with oils or chemicals of different sorts. Most painters buy paint that is already mixed. House-painters use paint already mixed in large cans. Artists buy paint in tubes. Some artists buy dry pigment and mix it for themselves.

The paint is usually put onto the surface with a paint brush. Paint brushes are used by painters of all sorts. House painters also use rollers and spray-guns to put on paint. A modern invention is paint in a pressurized can which can be sprayed on. Some modern artists also use spray paint. Factory paint shops have machines which spray paint onto objects. Cars are usually painted in this way.

Paint must be allowed to dry. Some paints such as watercolour, dries in a few minutes. Other paints, such as artist's oil paint, can take days or even weeks to dry. Most other types of paints fit between these two. Many types of paint are best if they are put on in several layers. The painter must first prepare the surface so it is smooth, clean and dry. The first layer of paint is often an "undercoat" or "ground" which is smooth and sticks very well. The coloured paints are put on over the top. A house-painter who is using oil paint on a wooden window frame might used three layers of paint to give very good protection from the weather. Other types of modern house paint only need one layer, particularly on the inside. Artists using oil paint and tempera often use many layers to get just the right effect.

Paint has four important uses.

Paint is used to protect all sorts of buildings and structures from the effects of water and sun. Wooden buildings such as houses are usually painted because a coat of paint prevents water seeping into the wood and making it rot. The paint also helps to prevent the wood from drying out in the hot sun.

Metal structures and objects of all sorts are painted to stop them from rusting. A very large steel structure such as a bridge must have a team of painters who keep the paint in good condition all the time.

Paint is used to decorate all sorts of objects. Since pre-historic times, people have painted the inside walls of their houses to make them look attractive. Painting and decorating the exterior (outside) and interior (inside) of houses is an important industry in many countries. There are many types and colours of paint to chose from.

All sorts of other objects are painted to make them attractive. This includes furniture, toys, tools and utensils, and street fittings. Sometimes things made of wood such as furniture are painted in decorative patterns. In some countries, many people enjoy decorating furniture and other small things like trays and boxes. This is one form of what is often called Folk Art. In other countries such as Japan, painting furniture is a very skilled profession and an antique piece of decorated furniture is very valuable. 
Other people enjoy the hobby of painting small objects such as model planes or soldiers.

Paintings are pictures that are done in paint. Many different types of paint are used for paintings. They include tempera, oil paint, gouache, watercolours and acrylic paints. The paintings are usually done on board, canvas or paper. Many other famous paintings are done on the walls and ceilings of buildings, such as the Sistine Chapel ceiling which was painted by Michelangelo.

Many artists are famous for their painted pictures. Old, beautiful and famous paintings are very valuable and are sometimes sold for millions of dollars. Famous painters include Giotto, Leonardo da Vinci, Titian and Rembrandt.

Paint is a very good way to give important information to people, using painted signs. Painted signs include lane markings on the road, street signs of all sorts, advertising signs and warning signs.



Mark Antony

Mark Antony (Latin: Marcus Antonius, 14 January "circa" 82 BC – 1 August 30 BC), was a Roman patrician from an upper-class family. He became a general and politician. He was an important supporter of Julius Caesar as a military commander and administrator.

After Caesar's assassination, Antony, left as sole Consul, surrounded himself with a bodyguard of Caesar's veterans. He forced the senate to transfer to him the province of Cisalpine Gaul, at the time administered by Brutus, one of the conspirators. Brutus refused to surrender the province and Antony set out to attack him in the beginning of 43 BC, besieging him at Mutina. 

Encouraged by Cicero, the Senate denounced Antony. In January 43 they granted Octavian "imperium" (commanding power), and sent him to relieve the siege. In April 43, Antony's forces were defeated at the battles of Forum Gallorum and Mutina, forcing Antony to retreat to Transalpine Gaul. 

News came that Brutus and Cassius were assembling an army in order to march on Rome. Antony, Octavian and Lepidus joined as allies, in November 43 BC, to stop Caesar's assassins. The trio were the Second Triumvirate. Brutus and Cassius were defeated by Antony and Octavian at the Battle of Philippi in October 42 BC. After the battle, a new arrangement was made: while Octavian returned to Rome, Antony went on to govern the east of the Republic. Lepidus went to govern Hispania (Spain) and the province of Africa. The triumvirate's enemies were subjected to proscription, including Mark Antony's archenemy Cicero, who was killed on 7 December 43 BC.

Antony followed in Caesar's footsteps by going to Egypt and becoming Cleopatra's lover. They had three children together. His absence from Rome allowed the intelligent Octavian to build up support. 

The triumvirate broke up in 33 BC, and disagreement turned to civil war in 31 BC. Antony was defeated by Octavian at the naval Battle of Actium and then at Alexandria. He committed suicide, as did his lover, Cleopatra VII of Egypt, in 30 BC.

William Shakespeare wrote a play ""Antony and Cleopatra"" based on this historical event.

Digg

Digg.com is a social news, sharing, discovering, bookmarking and rating information website. Digg started out as a popular technology news sharing destination.

Digg allows users to submit 3 types of topic:

The Digg website works by allowing users to vote topic up (Digging);then displays popular stories on the front page of Digg. 


Crossword

A crossword, or crossword puzzle, is a popular type of puzzle that uses words. They are usually found in newspapers, magazines, and in books which contain a collection of them. They can also be played over the Internet and using mobile apps.

The first crossword puzzle was created by Arthur Wynne, a journalist from Liverpool. It first appeared in the December 21, 1913 issue of the New York World. Today, there are many newspapers and magazines that are known for their crossword puzzles, such as the New York Times. A different crossword is typically printed every day or in every issue, and the answer (or solution) is either found somewhere else or often is not seen until the next day or issue.

A traditional crossword is made up of black and white squares, called a grid. All the white squares appear in horizontal rows or vertical columns, but are not always separated with black squares. Another way to say this is that every white square must have at least one other white square touching it on any side. The kind of crossword that appears in newspapers and magazines, such as the one in the image, often has lots of white squares beside each other.

The goal of solving the puzzle is to write different words, letter-by-letter, in the white squares. Next to the grid is a list of clues. The answer to each clue is a word or sometimes a phrase. The place in the grid where the answer to each clue should go is shown by a number and the direction in which the answer appears, for example, "1 Across" or "15 Down". Many computer programs have been created to find the answers to these clues.

There are many types of crosswords. Straight (or Quick) crosswords are usually made up of simple definitions - which means that other words are used to describe the answer. Some crosswords, called cryptic crosswords, use riddles and word play and are usually more difficult than straight crosswords.

Here is a small example of a (British-style) straight crossword:

1. Sheep sound (3)
3. Neither liquid nor gas (5)
5. Humour (3)

1. Road passenger transport (3)
2. Permit (5)
4. Short for "Dorothy" (3)

The solution (answer) to this crossword is:



Bob Geldof

Robert Frederick Zenon Geldof, (; born 5 October 1951) is an Irish singer, songwriter, and political activist. He was born in Dún Laoghaire, County Dublin. Geldof is a member of the band the Boomtown Rats. He also helped to organise the Live Aid and Live 8 events, and to form the Band Aid charity group. He also served as an actor for the Pink Floyd film The Wall, a musical about the album titled the same.

Geldof was married to Paula Yates from 1986 until they divorced in 1996. They had three daughters together, Fifi Trixibelle (born 1983), Peaches (1989-2014) and Little Pixie (born 1990). In 1996, Yates had a daughter called Tiger by her partner Michael Hutchence, who died in 1997. Yates died in 2000. Geldof adopted their daughter. He lives in Battersea, London with Tiger and his partner Jeanne Marine.

He has an honorary knighthood. Because he is not a British citizen, he may never be called "Sir." He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 and 2008.

Bullseye (British game show)

Bullseye is a British television game show. It is hosted by Jim Bowen. In "Bullseye", people play darts and answer questions to win money. The person who wins the most money has a chance to win Bully's special prize. It ran from 1981 to 1995 on ITV and there was another series in 2006 on Challenge, hosted by Dave Spikey. The series ran on ATN in Great Britain from 1987 to 1996, hosted by Robert Shukoff.

Coronation Street

Coronation Street (commonly known as Corrie) is the longest-running television soap opera in the world. It began on 9 December 1960. It is one of the two most popular soap operas in the UK, the other being "EastEnders" (since 1985). It has won many awards. It is set in Weatherfield, a fictional town based on inner-city Salford. It is currently filmed in Salford Quays, It used to be filmed at Granada Studios in Manchester from 1960 to 2014. William Roache has played Ken Barlow in it since the very first episode in 1960 by Tony Warren. He has acted in the show for longer than anyone else. Eileen Derbyshire, who played Emily Bishop, started in 1961 and departed in 2016 and returned for one appearance in 2019. Rita Sullivan played by Barbara Knox first appeared in one episode in 1964 and returned in 1972 and has continued as a regular cast member ever since. Gail Platt played by Helen Worth, who was at first meant to be a very small character, has appeared continuously since 1974. There are six half-hour episodes a week: two on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. There have been more than 5000 characters in the show's history.

The soap opera is shown in many countries around the world. In the UK it is on ITV, the third television channel.

Compare The Market was the show's sponsor from 2012 until 2020. Since 2021, Argos has been the show's sponsor.

The video of the 1984 Queen single "I Want to Break Free" parodies the show's characters.

European plaice

European plaice ("Pleuronectes platessa") is the name for a kind of fish. They are a commercially important flatfish. They live on the sandy bottoms of the European shelf. Its geographical range is from the Barents Sea to the Mediterranean. Plaice are characterised by their smooth, brown skin, red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes.
The fish feeds on polychaetes, crustaceans and bivalves. They can be found down to about 200 m.

In England they are often used as the fish in fish and chips.

In Danish cuisine they are one of the most commonly eaten fishes. Filleted, battered and pan-fried plaice is popular hot or cold as an open sandwich topping together with remoulade sauce and lemon slices. Battered plaice can also be served hot with french fries and remoulade sauce as a main dish; this fish and chips variant is commonly available as a children's special in Danish restaurants. Breaded frozen plaice, ready to be baked or fried at home, are readily available in supermarkets. Fresh plaice is also oven-baked.


Plaice

Plaice is the common name of three species of flatfishes:


Plaice can also mean:


Taboo

In a group or society, a taboo is something that is not acceptable to talk about or do. An activity or behavior can be taboo in one culture, but not in another. Some things like cannibalism and sexual relationships between siblings are taboo in almost all societies. Sometimes even talking about taboos is taboo. Some taboos may also be against the law, and people who break them may be punished. Breaking taboos can seem rude, and can cause embarrassment or shame.

The English word “taboo” comes from the Tongan word "tapu" or the Fijian word "tabu". These words usually mean "not allowed", or "forbidden". In its current use in Tonga, the word "tapu" also translates to "sacred" or "holy", this means something that is protected by custom or by law. For example, the main island in the Kingdom of Tonga, where the capital Nuku'alofa is located and most of the population resides, is called "Tongatapu".

Its first recorded use in English dates back to 1777. An English explorer, Captain James Cook, went to a place he named "the Friendly Islands" (now Tonga). Writing about the Tongans, he wrote:

Some Solomon Islanders say that their languages have a word "tabu" (said like "ta-boo") that means “holy.” This word refers to places in the bush where holy spirits live. Local customs say that nobody should disturb these places unless a ceremony or ritual is taking place. As taboo, they are places that should not be touched. 

Many world religions have taboos about food. Islam and Judaism both say there are some foods which people should never eat. A halal diet does not include any of the foods that are taboo in Islam. A kosher diet does not include any of the foods that are taboo in Judaism. Other religions say that people should be vegetarians. In these religions, eating meat is taboo. Many societies also have taboos about food. For example, cannibalism is taboo in most societies in the world.

Some sexual activities, gender roles, and relationships are taboo in many religions, societies, and cultures. For example, fornication, adultery, endogamy violations, miscegenation, homosexuality, incest, bestiality, pedophilia, necrophilia and other paraphilias are taboo in many groups.

In many societies, performing bodily functions in public is taboo. Taboo activities in public might include burping, flatulence, defecation, urination, masturbation, nosepicking, and spitting. In some societies, menstruation is taboo, and women are expected not to talk about it in public.

Some religions say that certain types of genitalia are taboo. For example, Judaism says that boys should be circumcised. In some societies, having sex reassignment surgery is taboo.

Pornography, nudity, drug addiction, alcoholism, slavery, and vulgarity are taboo in many societies. Some cultures see certain gestures as taboo.

In some groups and societies, talking about race or racism is taboo.

There are two major theories about why taboos exist. The '’Anthropological approach’’ says that taboos are the result of history and culture. The ‘’Psychoanalytical approach’’ says there are psychological reasons for why taboos exist.

The anthropological approach says that taboos are the result of history and certain cultural experiences. Steven Pinker, A psychologist and writer, says that taboos have developed culturally from more basic instincts. He thinks that humans have a reflex to feel disgust when they see some things that carry disease (including dead bodies). He says that people created taboos regarding the dead because of this natural disgust for dead bodies. He thinks that some actions can also cause this reflex of disgust. He says many people have a reflex of disgust about incest (sexual relationships between family members). For this reason, taboos about incest developed.

The psychoanalytical approach says that taboos exist because of people’s unconscious thoughts and feelings. For example, Sigmund Freud thought that children naturally have sexual desires towards family members. In his book ‘’Totem and Taboo,’’ Freud wrote that taboos about incest developed to make sure people would not act on these sexual desires. Freud thought that incest and patricide are the only “universal” taboos (meaning these behaviors are taboo in almost all societies and cultures). He said that these taboos formed the basis of modern societies.

German psychologist Wilhelm Wundt explains that taboos come from people’s fear of a "demonic" power. When people think this demonic power lies hidden in an object, that object becomes taboo. Sigmund Freud disagreed. Freud thought that Wundt’s ideas did not consider the psychological reasons for taboos. Writing about the history of taboos, Freud said:

Freud added: "Anyone who has violated a taboo becomes taboo himself because he possesses the dangerous quality of tempting others to follow his example."







Flatfish

A flatfish is a type of fish which is a member of the order Pleuronectiformes. There are several different kinds of flatfish. Some of them are fished commercially, like flounder, sole, turbot, plaice, and halibut. They are part of the Percomorpha.

All flatfish are rather flat, and are ray-finned fish. During their evolution, their eyes have moved so that they are on the same side, which the fish keeps uppermost. They swim like this, and can hide in the sand waiting for prey on the ocean floor. They have a capacity for dynamic camouflage, which is under nervous control, and can change in 'real time' to match their background.

It is a group of fish which are all adapted to the same habitat. They share those features which suit their life-style. They have both eyes on one side of the head: the upper side. This is their main adaptation to living on the seabed (benthos). Other distinguishing features are the protrusible eyes: they can stick the eyes up a bit to see round.

The flatfish life-style or 'habit' evolved several times independently, so the group is polyphyletic. Their young are perfectly symmetrical, but the head is remodelled during a metamorphosis. One eye moves to the other side, close to the other eye. Some species have both eyes on the left (turbot), some on the right (halibut, sole). All living and most fossil flatfish show an 'eyed' side and a 'blind' side.

Charles Darwin predicted a gradual migration of the eye in evolution, mirroring the metamorphosis of the living forms. A recent examination of two fossil species from the Eocene shows "the assembly of the flatfish bodyplan occurred in a gradual, stepwise fashion". The intermediate stages survived for quite a long time: over two geological stages. They are found in sites together with flatfish with the full cranial asymmetry. That shows the intermediate stages were at no particular disadvantage. Eventually, the more complete forms did survive. The evolution of flatfish falls squarely within the evolutionary synthesis.

"Amphistium" is a 50-million-year-old fossil fish which has been identified as an early relative of the flatfish, and as a transitional fossil. In "Amphistium", the transition from the typical symmetrical head of a vertebrate is incomplete, with one eye placed near the top-center of the head. Paleontologists concluded that "the change happened gradually, in a way consistent with evolution by natural selection.

Today a large number of fish from various groups are flatfish. One report says over 800 species in 16 families of fish are flatfish.

Suborder Psettodoidei

Suborder Pleuronectoidei

The most obvious characteristic of flatfish is their asymmetry. If you see an adult flatfish, you can see the eyes lying on the same side of the head.

This is not a complete list of flatfish.




Trey

Trey is a frequently used name for male children in the United States. It is a concise and straightforward name with a significant historical background. The name Trey is derived from the Latin term "tres," which translates to "three." It is commonly employed as a moniker for boys who are the third-born in their family or were born on the third day of the month. Nonetheless, the name Trey has evolved over time to have a wider connotation and is now frequently used as a standalone name. The pronunciation of the name is [ trey ]. This name was ranked #653 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 



Monopoly

A monopoly (from the Greek "monos", one + "polein", to sell) is when a product or service can only be bought from one supplier for a specific market. If other firms serve the market, they may be too small compared to the largest, thus allowing the large firm to have a lot of market power. A monopoly usually happens when there is no economic competition to produce the product or service and there is no available substitutes to the product or service.

In economics, a monopoly is a single producer of a product or service. In law, a monopoly is a firm that has a lot of market power and is able to charge very high prices for a product or service. As long as the firm has a lot of market power, it does not matter if the firm is large or small, as size is not used to decide if a firm is a monopoly.

A monopoly can be formed by the government, by merging a few firms to form a large one, or form naturally to become a natural monopoly. In many places, utilities such as telephone service or cable television are monopolies, as it is very costly to build the infrastructure for another firm to compete in the market. Such natural monopolies is hence allowed by the government, but is usually strictly controlled to prevent the monopoly from charging a very high price for a product or service.

Many countries, including the United States, have laws to stop companies from having a monopoly or to limit the actions that they can do as a monopoly.

In classical economics, a monopoly does this:

A monopoly is a type of firm that wants to make its profits as big as possible, and as the market does not have any other large firms, the monopoly is able to set prices on their products or services. Hence, the monopoly would set a price that would maximize the profits that they gain, but cause the consumers to have to pay more for the same good.

For all types of firms (including monopoly), firms make their profits biggest at the output level in which the marginal revenue and marginal cost curves meet, known as the profit maximizing output. But when a firm is a monopoly, the price that the firm sets is the price level of the demand curve for that amount of output. However, it is better for society if the output level is when the marginal cost and the demand curve meet, which is of a higher output and a lower price than what the monopoly produces. Hence, since society could be better if more of the good is produced, a deadweight loss is created. A monopoly is hence not allocatively efficient.

Depending on the total cost that the monopoly has, a monopoly may be able to earn supernormal profits in the long run. This thus allows the monopoly to have money to do costly innovation or become more cost efficient in producing the products or services. However, there are people who believe that a monopoly may become complacent and not do innovation at all as there is no competition in the market.

A natural monopoly can happen when there is very high barriers to entry that it is not profitable for more firms to enter the market for the level of demand that is present in the market. A natural monopoly keeps getting increasing economies of scale for the level of demand in the market, and relatively high fixed costs. The average cost of production would then keep decreasing for the whole demand of the product or service. It is thus cheaper for a single firm to produce the product or service, as it would not be profitable for two or more firms to be in the market.

A natural monopoly is similar to a normal monopoly and can be inefficient. Hence, governments tend to make laws that controls what the natural monopoly does, mainly to set prices at an affordable level.


Pluto (Disney)

Pluto is a fictional dog that belongs to Mickey Mouse. He is a golden-yellow dog with a green collar. He was introduced in 1930 and got his name from the dwarf planet Pluto.

Pluto taught many kids lessons such as sharing, not to have jealousy, and many others. Pluto was very energetic. Pluto was created by Walt Disney.


Even number

An even number is an integer that can be divided by two and remain an integer or has no remainder. For example, formula_1 is an even number, because formula_2, and formula_3 is an integer.

If an even number is divided by two, the result is another integer. Another way to say this is that even numbers are divisible by two. If formula_4 is an even number, we can write this as formula_5, which means "formula_6 divides formula_4".

An integer that is not an even number is an odd number. The quality of being odd or even is called the parity of a number.

Since even numbers are integers, negative numbers can be even. For example, formula_8 is an even negative number. Also, formula_9 is an even number, because formula_10.


Mardi Gras

Mardi Gras (Fat Tuesday) is a festival held the day before Ash Wednesday (shrove Tuesday) which signifies the end of the Carnival season and the start of Lent. Many cities (especially those with large Catholic populations) like New Orleans are famous for their Mardi Gras. 

During Mardi Gras, almost everyone takes part in celebrating with lavish parades and parties. Many different people celebrate Mardi Gras in their own way, some people have small parties and eat many of the tasty pastries and some people have huge parties and celebrate in a big way. Some of the pastries they eat are called king's cake, hot cross buns, punchskis, tricolor scrolls and thick sugar cookies. There are many more things that other people eat but these are the usual American celebration food for mardi gras. There are so many different parades and kinds of celebrations.

In some countries, including the United Kingdom, Ireland and Australia, the day is called Shrove Tuesday, Fat Tuesday, Pancake Tuesday or Pancake Day.

Mardi Gras is also celebrated in French speaking countries. 

Røldalsvatnet

Røldalsvatnet is a lake in Odda, Hordaland, Norway. The length around it is 20.64 km, its area is 6.99 km² and it is 380 meters above sea level.

Technorati

Technorati was a search engine for weblogs. As of August 2006, Technorati indexed over 55 million sites. 

Technorati was founded by Dave Sifry and its headquarters was in San Francisco, California, USA.


Stuart, Florida

Stuart is a city in the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat of Martin County, part of the Treasure Coast.

Astoria, Oregon

Astoria is a city in the American state of Oregon. It is named after John Jacob Astor, who started a fur trading post, there in 1811. Many movies have been filmed there like "The Goonies", "Kindergarten Cop", and "Free Willy".

The Goonies

The Goonies is a 1985 American movie about of a group of children living in a part of Astoria, Oregon called The "Goon Docks", who go on a search for a pirate's treasure, to save their neighborhood from being bought and destroyed, to enlarge the (fictional) Astoria Country Club and golf course. The movie was produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Richard Donner. It stars Sean Astin, Josh Brolin, Corey Feldman, Jonathan Ke Huy Quan, Martha Plimpton, Anne Ramsey, Robert Davi, Joe Pantoliano and Lupe Ontiveros.


Director Richard Donner makes a cameo appearance as a sheriff's deputy. The movie's cinematographer, Nick McLean, also has a cameo as Mouth's father. The part of the dead FBI agent was played by stuntman Ted Grossman.

Press Your Luck

Press Your Luck was an American game show that aired from 1983 to 1986 and later in reruns, and was hosted by Peter Tomarken. The three contestants on each show would earn spins by answering questions that they could later use on The Big Board. On the board, they could earn thousands of dollars in cash and prizes but had to beware of the Whammy, a cartoon demon who stole players' money and prizes. If a Whammy was hit, the contestant lost all earnings up to that point. Four Whammies took a player out of the game. The winner returned on the next show.

The show came back on the air in 2002 on Game Show Network as "Whammy! The All-New Press Your Luck". It featured a new "Big Bank" feature, which gave the player a chance to earn all the money and prizes lost to the Whammy. It was hosted by Todd Newton and ran until 2003.

The original version of "Press Your Luck" was called "Second Chance", which aired on television in 1977. Instead of the Whammy, players had to face a cartoon "Devil." It was hosted by Jim Peck, but did not last very long.

The show returned to ABC in 2019 with Elizabeth Banks as the host and is due to make its fourth season premiere on July 7th 2022. In the 2019 series, the contestant who wins with the highest amount of money goes to a bonus round in which the contestant tries to go through 6 rounds and try and win the jackpot prize of $1 million. Neil Ross is the announcer and Whammy voice for the current series. 


Newar language

Nepal Bhasa is a language spoken by indigenous Newa people of Nepal. It is a Himalayan language of Tibeto-Burman branch of the Sino-Tibetan languages group. 

Newah Bhaaye is the term used for Nepal Bhasa by its native speakers. The term 'Newari' has been used in derogatory form to replace the original name of the language. 

Nepal Bhasa shares the feature of Kirant and Tibetan dialects of Northern Himalayas. It consists of five major dialects and several sub-dialects spoken by Newa people living throughout the country.

Narcolepsy

Narcolepsy is a sleep disorder. It happens when the nervous system does not work properly. People with narcolepsy tend to have excessive daytime sleepiness. Very often, they do not sleep well at night, and during the day they fall asleep uncontrollably. There are two different forms. There is NT1 which frequently involves cataplexy, which is the sudden and brief loss of muscle tone where the individual becomes unconscious. This can be triggered by strong emotions like laughter, anger, and surprised. NT2 shares many symptoms with NT1 however does not involve cataplexy. 

Narcolepsy affects the way the nerves work. It is not a mental illness, or caused by psychological problems. It is estimated that between 25 and 50 people, per 100,000 suffer from narcolepsy. Very few cases are reported.

The first description was given in 1877. Jean-Baptiste Gélineau, a military doctor, first used the name narcolepsy in 1880.

In certain countries, people diagnosed with narcolepsy may not drive a car.

Things that people with narcolepsy may experience:

Hallucinations, sleep paralysis, and automatic behaviour can also occur in people who are not narcoleptics. This usually happens when people are very tired, and have not slept for a long time.

Narcolepsy with cataplexy (NC) is caused by the loss of hypocretin neurons. Hypocretin is a chemical in the brain that alerts the brain when to wake up and regulates sleep. Quite a few sufferers also have another family member with the disease. This may point to the fact that some of the things that cause the disease may be passed from the parents to the children through genes.

There are certain drugs that can treat the effects of narcolepsy. In most cases special kinds of stimulants are used such as methylphenidate, modafinil, dextroamphetamine sulfate, methamphetamine, and amphetamine, a dopamine/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor to reduce daytime sleepiness . General stimulants, like coffee, usually do not help. Some strategies for treatment do not rely on drugs:


Danny Phantom

Danny Phantom is an animated television series on the Nickelodeon cable network. The show was created by American animator Butch Hartman.

The show "Danny Phantom" is about a fourteen-year-old boy named Danny Fenton His parents, Jack Fenton and Maddie Fenton, are ghost hunters and also create machines that help them to catch ghosts. Danny's parents were creating a portal, but when they were finished and tried to make it work, it failed to work and they quit. Danny, however, who had been watching them, put on a white suit and went inside the machine out of curiosity. He accidentally pressed a button and got an electric shock, which gave him his ghost powers.
Only his friends, Samantha (often called Sam) and Tucker know about his powers. Later Danny's sister, Jasmine (often called Jazz) accidentally discovered and learned about his powers.

Danny's powers include the following:


The series is set in Amity Park. Fenton Works is Danny's house. Manson Residence is Sam's house. Foley Residence is Tucker's house. Casper High School is a school. Principal Ishiyama is the principal, Mr. Lancer teaches English, math, science and history. Mrs. Tetslaff is the gym teacher. Mr. Falluca is a math and science teacher.

"Danny Phantom" is distributed outside the United States by the Canadian company, Nelvana. The series was originally called "Danny Phantom and the Spector Detectors". The creator thought that the series would be more interesting if the ghost were a teenage boy, so he changed it to "Danny Phantom".


"List of Danny Phantom episodes"


Cane

A cane is a stick from a piece of wood, or sometimes of metal. It is used by someone to help support themself when they are walking. A person might need a cane because of their age, or weight, or for another reason.


Pipe

Pipe or pipes can be several things:


Homicide

Homicide is when one person kills (causes the death of) another person. Homicide is often a crime but sometimes is is not. If the killer wanted to cause death, it can be a crime called murder. If the killer did not want to cause death, but had no care for their own behavior, it can be a crime called manslaughter. Fighting to keep oneself safe from harm is called self-defense. If a person needed to kill for self-defense, it is usually not a crime. If a person killed in self-defense when they did not need to kill, it may be a crime. 

Amazon (company)

Amazon.com, Inc., known as Amazon (), is an American multinational technology company focusing on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence. It is considered to be one of the Big Five American technology companies, alongside Alphabet (parent company of Google), Apple, Meta and Microsoft.

Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos from his garage in Bellevue, Washington, on July 5, 1994. Initially an online marketplace for books, it has expanded into a multitude of product categories, a strategy that has earned it the moniker The Everything Store. It has multiple subsidiaries including Amazon Web Services (cloud computing), Zoox (autonomous vehicles), Kuiper Systems (satellite Internet), and Amazon Lab126 (computer hardware R&D). Its other subsidiaries include Ring, Twitch, IMDb, and Whole Foods Market. Its acquisition of Whole Foods in August 2017 for US$13.4 billion substantially increased its footprint as a physical retailer.

Amazon owns over 40 smaller companies, including Twitch, Whole Foods Market, Zappos, Shopbop, Diapers.com, Kiva Systems (now Amazon Robotics), Audible, Goodreads, Teachstreet and IMDb. Amazon.com is primarily a retail site with a sales revenue model; Amazon takes a small percentage of the sale price of each item that is sold through its website while also allowing companies to advertise their products by paying to be listed as featured products.

 @JJDC


Summer Olympic Games

The Summer Olympic Games or the Games of the Olympiad are an international sporting event which are held every four years by the International Olympic Committee. The "Games", as they are often called, are held in a different city each time. It is a great honour for a city to be "awarded" (given) the right to hold the Olympic Games. Two years after the Summer Olympics, the Winter Olympic Games are held. The Winter Games were held in the same year as the summer Games from 1924 to 1992 and then switched to two years apart in 1994. These are always in a cold, mountainous place because the sports are all snow and ice sports such as skiing. Many more countries send athletes to the Summer Olympics than to the Winter Olympics

The Olympic Games were first held in Ancient Greece more than two thousand years ago. The first modern Summer Olympic Games were held in Athens in 1896. There were 200 athletes from Greece and 45 athletes from 13 other countries. Since 1904, medals have been given to the three best athletes or teams in each sport.

The earliest Games consisted of 42 events only, but it was expected that 10,500 athletes would compete in the 302 events on the program for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

Games in "italics" were cancelled or have not yet been held.




Alpha Centauri

Alpha Centauri (also known as Rigil Kentaurus) is the brightest star in the southern Centaurus constellation. It is the fourth brightest star in the night sky, with a magnitude of -0.01. It is visible in the Southern Hemisphere, and is too far south for most of the Northern Hemisphere to see.

Alpha Centauri is a binary star system of two stars A & B. The distance between them is quite close. To the naked eye, the stars are too close for the eye to be able to see them as separate. Their orbit is about the distance of the giant planets from our Sun.

There is a third star, Proxima Centauri (or Alpha Centauri C). This is usually considered separately, but in fact it is also gravitationally connected to the other two. It is actually slightly closer to us, with a very much larger orbit around A and B.

Viewed as a triple star system, Alpha Centauri is the closest to our own, being 4.2-4.4 light years (ly) away. It consists of two main stars, Alpha Centauri A and Alpha Centauri B (which form a binary star together) at a distance of 4.36 ly, and a dimmer red dwarf named Proxima Centauri at a distance of 4.22 ly. Both of the two main stars are rather similar to the Sun. The larger star, Alpha Centauri A, is the most similar to the Sun, but a little larger and brighter.


Alpha Centauri is 1,702,240 km in diameter and 851,120 km in radius.

Last call bell

The last call bell is a bell found in bars. 

The last call bell is rung to:

Last call bells are related to bells used on ships. 


TGV

The TGV (Train à Grande Vitesse, French for "high-speed train"), is a category of high speed trains. They are used in France. They are also used for some travel between France and England, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland, Italy and Spain. The trains normally travel at speeds between 270 km/h and 320 km/h. They were the fastest normal trains in the world, their average travel speed is at 279,4 km/h.

In 2007, a special TGV set the speed record for rail vehicles, reaching 574,8 km/h.

Inside France, there are the following high speed lines

Lines to Spain and Italy are being planned. A High speed line to Germany is being built.

The building of the network has made travel times much shorter. Paris to Marseille (750 km) can now be done in 3 hours. Two thirds of the traffic volume is done by the TGV, only one third is done by airplanes.

Since the beginning of the high-speed rail network, the French Poste uses TGVs to transport mail, mostly between Paris, Mâcon and Cavaillon, but the train was retired in 2015. These use the high-speed lines (LGV Sud-Est) during the night.

In the north of France, the high-speed lines are also used to run regional trains over longer distances. There are currently train from Lille to Dunkerque. This takes half an hour. Other lines run to Calais, in forty minutes, or to Boulogne-sur-Mer in 55. In 2007, a line to Arras was opened, which is also very successful. Unfortunately, there are some problems with this approach. First, only high-speed lines can be used that are not saturated, because these trains run slower than regular TGVs. Secondly, using a TGV line costs more to the client, they have to pay extra. This makes these services more expensive.

Slur

Slur might mean:


Caregiver

A caregiver, or carer, is someone who has the job of caring for people. They usually care for people who are unable to care for themselves, for example, children, disabled people, or the elderly. When a caregiver is assigned to look after a baby or a child they are sometimes called a babysitter.


Binoculars

Binoculars are a kind of tool that lets people see far-away things more clearly. The technology is called optics. Binoculars are made of a pair of matched telescopes which are held in front of the user's eyes. 

The two telescopes of the pair have lenses that focus light and magnify the image. When someone looks through the binoculars at a far-away object, they can see details. 

Early binoculars had two Galilean telescopes without prisms. Today most have prisms inside, which fold the light path to shorten the length of the tubes. That is why a binocular is shorter than standard telescopes of similar power.

Binoculars were invented in the 17th century. They allow a telescope user to use both eyes. The Royal Navy used single telescopes, but now all ships have heavy binoculars. Heavy ones can be mounted on swivels to scan the horizon. Binoculars are also standard issue in all armies. Night vision binoculars use photocathode electronics to intensify the image.

Binoculars are also used for theatre (opera glasses), birdwatching amateur astronomy, and generally watching the scenery.

These features are present in some or all binoculars:



Odd number

An odd number is an integer when divided by two, either leaves a remainder or the result is a fraction. One is the first odd positive number. Some examples of odd numbers are 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, and 11.
An integer that is not an odd number is an even number. If an even number is divided by two, the result is another integer. On the other hand, an odd number, when divided by two, will result in a fraction. 

Since odd numbers are integers, negative numbers can be odd.


1344

1344 was a leap year.




Tent

A tent is a movable, lightweight shelter which uses fabric to protect people from wind, rain and from the cold. The fabric walls of a tent are supported by wood or metal poles and thin ropes (called "guy lines"), and the tent or the ropes are usually attached to the ground with plastic or metal pointed stakes, or lattice frames and internal posts in the cases of yurts and marquees. Tent camping exploded in popularity in the 1960s. Manufacturers introduced poles made of fiberglass or aluminum alloys, allowing for a greater range of shapes and a lighter weight tent to transport. Zippered tent doors replaced the traditional flap opening.

Tents are usually used as shelter during camping, hiking, and other outdoor recreational activities. Large tents are also used to provide temporary shelter for events such as outdoor weddings or circuses. Tents are also used to provide temporary sleeping quarters for military personnel or homeless, or for people who have been displaced by a disaster (such as refugees).

Cottage

A cottage is a term often used for a small house. This word comes from England where it is used to mean a house that has one main storey, with a second, lower storey of bedrooms which fit under the roof upstairs. In many places the word cottage is used to mean a small old-fashioned house. In the United States the word cottage is often used to mean a small holiday home.

Cottages are usually found in villages or in the countryside, rather than in the town. They are nearly always built from material that can be found nearby. A cottage may be built of stone, of brick or of timber. It may have a roof of tiles, slates, shingles, shakes or thatch.

Bullseye

Bullseye might mean:


Alaska plaice

Alaska plaice ("Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus") are salt water fish that live in the north Pacific Ocean. Like most flatfish, they live on the bottom of the continental shelf, up to 600 metres deep. Their geographical range is from the Gulf of Alaska in the east, to the Chukchi Sea in the north, to the Sea of Japan in the west. Alaska plaice feed mostly on polychaetes, but also eat amphipods and echiurans.

Most commercial fisheries do not want to catch Alaska plaice; but many are caught by trawlers trying to catch other bottom fish. So many Alaska plaice get caught anyway that, for example, the 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area (BSAI) was reached before the end of May of that year.

Alaska plaice can live for up to 30 years, and grow to 60 centimetres (24 inches) long, but most that get caught are only seven or eight years old, and about 30 cm (12 in).



Sleep paralysis

When people are dreaming, their muscles do not move, even if in their dream they are moving. This is a natural process which prevents that people actually perform the movements they do in their sleep. In general, people are not aware of this inability to move, as it usually stops as soon as they wake up. People suffering from sleep paralysis wake up and find that they are unable to move. This is because the paralysis has not stopped. Usually it lasts for only a few minutes, and people have said they feel a "presence" or "ghost" during it.

Little is known about the physiology of sleep paralysis. However, some have suggested that it may be linked to post-synaptic (neurons sending signals to other neurons) inhibition (restraint) of nerves in the pons (back) region of the brain. In particular, low levels of melatonin may stop the depolarization current in the nerves, which stops stimulation of the muscles.

Hallucinations of ghosts, demons and Out of Body Experiences during sleep paralysis may be caused by a part of the brain called the parietal lobe (top-middle part of the brain), and by neurons known as mirror neurons.

Studies suggest that many people get sleep paralysis at least once in their lives. People who have narcolepsy often get it much more. Many people try to induce sleep paralysis, to have an Out of Body Experience. 

Some report that various factors make paralysis and hallucinations happen more. These include:

There are few treatments available for sleep paralysis. One treatment is called Meditation-Relaxation Therapy. The treatment includes four steps: (1) one should close their eyes and remind themself that the experience is not dangerous in any way, and it is common around the world; (2) and that since it is not dangerous, they should not be afraid as that will only make the experience worse. (3) They should then focus very strongly on a positive thought or mental image (meditate); (4) and also relax their muscles and avoid movement. 


American plaice

American plaice ("Hippoglossoides platessoides") are salt water fish that live in the northwest Atlantic Ocean. Like most flatfish, they live on the bottom of the continental shelf, up to 700 metres deep, but spend most of the time at 90 to 200 meters. Their geographical range is from the coast of Labrador, south to the coast of the U.S. state of Rhode Island. The most are found off the eastern tip of Newfoundland. American plaice feed on sand dollars, brittle stars, crustaceans, polychaetes, and fish such as capelin and launce.

Like many flatfish, American plaice are sometimes said to be a flounder or dab, even though both are names for other fish species.

The U.K.-based Marine Conservation Society rates American plaice as 5, the most threatened category of over-harvested animals.



Spider web

A spider web is a sticky net that spiders make from silk to trap their prey. When insects fly or crawl into the web, they get stuck and the spider eats them. Most spider webs are very thin, but are also very strong. Different kinds of spiders make different types of webs. Spiders make different webs in different places to trap many kinds of prey. 

World Series

The World Series in Major League Baseball, is when the best team from the American League (the winner of the American League Championship Series) and the best team from the National League (the winner of the National League Championship Series) keep playing games of baseball until one of the two teams wins four games total. The winners of the most recent World Series in 2023 were the Texas Rangers. They defeated the Arizona Diamondbacks. 

The New York Yankees have 27 World Series championships, the most of any team. The Cleveland Indians currently hold the longest active drought, having last won the Series before expansion teams were formed. Recently, the three longest championship droughts were ended by the Boston Red Sox, Chicago White Sox, and the Chicago Cubs.

Janet Jackson

Janet Damita Jo Jackson (born May 16, 1966, in Gary, Indiana) is an American singer, dancer, actress, and songwriter. She is the younger sister of Michael Jackson and has had many popular songs such as "Nasty," "Rhythm Nation," and "That's the Way Love Goes." Jackson also plays Patricia in the 2007 movie "Why Did I Get Married?" She is one of the best-selling artists in the history of pop music, with over 160 million records sold worldwide. In 2011, "True You: A Journey to Finding and Loving Yourself", a book written by Jackson and David Ritz, was published. The book reached number five in "The New York Times"<nowiki>'</nowiki> Best Seller list.

Jackson was born to Katherine and Joe Jackson on May 16, 1966 at St Mary's Mercy Hospital in Gary, Indiana. She was raised as a Jehovah's Witness. She did not want to be an entertainer. She wanted to become a race-horse jockey. However her father planned for her to go into the show business. When Jackson was seven she went on stage in the Las Vegas Strip with her siblings in a routine show at the MGM Casino.

In September 1979, Jackson started acting in "A New Kind of Family". Her first album, "Janet Jackson", was released on September 21, 1982, by A&M Records.

Jackson had several hit singles worldwide. Among them are "What Have You Done for Me Lately", "Control", "Nasty", "Rhythm Nation", "Miss You Much", "Escapade", "Love Will Never Do (Without You)", and "That's the Way Love Goes".
Jackson won her first Grammy Award in 1987. On September 19, 1989 Jackson's fourth album "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" was released. Eight singles were released from the album. In 1993, Jackson was on the cover of "Rolling Stone" magazine. On May 31, 1995, "Scream", a song that Janet made with her older brother Michael Jackson, was released as the first single from Michael's album "". This song reached the top five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Jackson released the album "The Velvet Rope" in 1998, it sold over 10 million copies. The album had provocative lyrics. The single "Together Again" became her eighth number-one song in the US, it sold over 6 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best selling singles of all time.

In 2000, she contributed to the movie "Nutty Professor II: The Klumps". A single from the soundtrack, "Doesn't Really Matter", became her ninth chart-topper.

In 2001, she released the album "All for You". A single, also called "All for You", reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for seven weeks, making it the longest reigning number one hit of the year. The next single, "Someone to Call My Lover", reached the top three.

Jackson released her album "Discipline" in 2008. The lead single, "Feedback", reached the top 20 in the US and Canada.

In June 2009, Jackson's brother Michael died. In September 2009, she performed "Scream" at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards as part of a tribute to Michael.

In 2010, Jackson acted in "For Colored Girls".

She released her first studio album in seven years, "Unbreakable", in 2015. It entered at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart. Jackson canceled her ongoing Unbreakable World Tour because she announced that she was "planning her family" with her husband, Wissam Al Mana.

Jackson has been married three times. It was announced that Jackson was pregnant shortly before her 50th birthday in May 2016. She gave birth to her first child, a son, with current husband, billionaire Wissam Al Mana, in January 2017.

In April 2017, it was reported that Jackson and Al Mana had separated.



Melissa Joan Hart

Melissa Joan Catherine Hart (born April 18, 1976) is an American actress. She was born and raised in Long Island, New York.

She played the title roles in the television series "Clarissa Explains It All" and "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch". In 1999 she played the lead role in the movie "Drive Me Crazy". From 2010 to 2015, she starred as Mel Burke in the ABC Family show "Melissa & Joey".

Since July 19, 2003, Hart has been married to musician Mark Wilkerson (born 1976). They have three sons together: Mason Walter Wilkerson (born January 11, 2006), Braydon Hart Wilkerson (born March 12, 2008) and Tucker McFadden Wilkerson (born September 18, 2012).


Colleen Fitzpatrick

Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick (born July 20, 1972 in Old Bridge, New Jersey) is an American singer and actor. Her stage name is Vitamin C. Before she started her solo career, she was the lead singer of the band Eve's Plum.




Jamie Lynn Spears

Jamie Lynn Marie Spears (born April 4, 1991) is an American actress, reality television star and singer. She is the younger sister of pop singer Britney Spears. She played the lead role in the television series "Zoey 101". 

Spears is now a country music singer. In November 2013 Spears released her first single, "How Could I Want More". She has been a celebrity contestant on "Dancing with the Stars" and "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here".

In late December 2007 it was revealed that Jamie Lynn was pregnant. Jamie Lynn's daughter, Maddie Briann Aldridge, was born on June 19, 2008.


Opel

Opel, full name Adam Opel AG, is an automobile maker from Germany, founded in 1862. From 1929 to 2017, Opel is the German brand of the American automaker General Motors. Opel has about 35,000 workers. The company headquarters are in Rüsselsheim, Germany. Other German plants are in Eisenach and Kaiserslautern. In Great Britain, Opel cars are called Vauxhall. Opel would later engineer cars for GMDAT and GM Korea until the Opel brand was bought by PSA. From 2007 to 2009 three Opel models (the Antara, the Astra and the Vectra) were sold in the United States under the Saturn marque. Upon the discontinuation of the Saturn marque, Buick became responsible for importing the Opel models. The only Buick cars to not be Opels are the Enclave CUV and the full sized LaCrosse sedan. In March 2017, Opel and its parent brand Vauxhall were bought by PSA, the company who owns Peugeot and Citroën. 1862

Passenger cars:
Rocks-e | Astra | Corsa | Mokka | Crossland | Grandland | Zafira

Commercial cars:
Combo | Vivaro | Movano

Concept cars:
Antara GTC | Astra OPC X-Treme | Eco Speedster | Flextreme | Flextreme GT/E | Frogster | GTC Concept | GT Concept | Insignia Concept | Monza Concept | Manta GSe Electromod | RAK e | Snowtrekker | Trixx

Historic cars:
Adam | Antara | Ampera | Agila | Admiral | Ascona | Blitz | Calibra | Cascada | Commodore | Diplomat | Frontera | GT | Insignia | Karl | Meriva | Kadett | Kapitän | Manta | Monterey | Monza | Olympia | Omega | Rekord | Senator | Signum | Sintra | Speedster | Tigra | Vectra | Zafira Tourer


JAG (TV series)

JAG (the American military acronym for Judge Advocate General) is an American legal, crime drama television show created by Donald P. Bellisario. It was on air between 1995 and 2005. The series is about the JAG officers Harmon "Harm" Rabb, Jr. (David James Elliott) and Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie (Catherine Bell) in Washington, D.C. In 2003, the series spawned the spin-off "NCIS", which had the spin-offs called "" and "".


Burn (disambiguation)

Burning is the process of combustion, a reaction between a substance (the fuel) and a gas (the oxidizer).

Burn, burning or burned can mean:

Bands:

Albums:

Songs:


Adobe Photoshop

Photoshop is a popular image changing software package. It is widely used by photographers for photo editing (fixing colors, reducing noise, adding effects, fixing brightness/contrast) and by graphic designers and Web designers to create and change images for web pages. The first version was introduced in 1990. Version Photoshop CC 2018 was launched on October 18 2017.

Photoshop works on computer systems like Windows and Mac. The software is made by the company Adobe Systems. A simpler version named Photoshop Elements is made for home users who do not want to buy the more powerful, more expensive full version. Photoshop Express, a free version, is even more limited. There are different pricing plans for the application.

Finger

A finger is a type of digit attached to the hand. Our type of fingers are similar to those of other primates. They are used for doing things and things.

Humans have five digits, the bones of which are termed phalanges. The first digit is the thumb, followed by the index finger, middle finger, ring finger, and little finger or 'pinky'. According to different definitions, the thumb can be called a finger, or not. The four fingers have three phalanges each; the thumb has two.

Bronze

Bronze is a metal alloy. Bronze is mostly copper, with some tin added (usually between 5% and 20% tin) to make it stronger. The most common alloy is just made of copper and tin. Some bronzes add other metals. 

Other bronzes are:

Bronze should not be confused with brass which is a different alloy of copper and zinc.

Bronze was the first alloy that was used by humans. The first nation that used bronze was Egypt about 3500 years B.C. This gave the name for the Bronze Age.

Bronze is stronger than copper or tin alone. Bronze lasts longer than copper. Pure copper can be oxidized by air and also by water. When copper is oxidized by air or water, it turns green (the color of "copper oxide"), and falls apart.

When people learned how to make and work iron, the Bronze Age ended, and the Iron Age started. Iron can be made harder than bronze, but is susceptible to corrosion (see rust). Iron also wears away faster than bronze, when different pieces are moving against each other. Iron is very common, and easy to make. For this reason, iron costs less than bronze. This is the reason why iron is now used where bronze used to be used.

Bronze is still used to make many parts of machines. We use bronze when the part must last for a long time around water and air, or must not wear away. The main things that are made out of it are pump parts, bearings, bells, electrical components, gears, valves, and other things.

Bronze parts are usually cast in a foundry. After they are cast, bronze parts can also be worked in a lathe or milling machine, or drilled. Bronze is not normally worked with a hammer as iron is.

Flight

Flight or flying is a process of movement of an object in a gaseous environment or a vacuum. In practice this means it moves through the air.

Best adapted for long controlled powered flight are flying birds and insects, bats (Chiroptera), and the extinct pterosaurs. 

All of these animals use (or used) the aerodynamic principles of flight, using the load-bearing properties of the wing for active flight. There are also many animals that glide and parachute flight, such as some spiders' webs, aeroplankton, flying clams, flying fish, and various forest-dwelling mammals and reptiles. 

The fastest flying animal is the peregrine falcon. The speed of its dive is over .

An aerostat is a system that remains in the air by the use of floating. Man-made aerostats include balloons and airships. An aerostat's main structural component is its envelope, a lightweight skin containing a lifting gas to provide floating, to which other parts are attached. By contrast, aerodynes use aerodynamic lift, which requires the movement of the aircraft through the surrounding air mass.

There are a huge number of plants which distribute their spores or seeds by air. Many bacteria and viruses do so as well. With these very small objects, the surface area is great in proportion to its weight. That is why they lift off.

Pound

Pound or Pounds may refer to:





Reindeer

The reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus") is an even-toed ungulate mammal of the deer family. In North America it is also called caribou.
There are about 10-20 reindeer subspecies. The reindeer is the only deer that has been domesticated.

The different reindeer subspecies have different sizes and slightly same fur colors. Male reindeer are usually bigger and heavier than the females. Reindeer are about 1.20 - 2.20 meters long and about 0.90 - 1.40 meters high. They weigh between 60 - 300 kilograms. Reindeer mostly have a grey-brown fur. The fur is dark in summer and becomes a lighter color in winter. Reindeer have big feet that help them walk on soft ground.

North American Caribou and Eurasian Reindeer are the same species, but there are some noticeable differences in the subspecies.

Reindeer: - most commonly found as domesticated animals
- sedentary
- breeding starts mid-Aug
- can be pinto colored
- dark brown calves
- more fat
- thicker fur
- shorter face and muzzle
- males have larger antlers than female caribou

Caribou:

- wild
- migratory
- breeding starts mid-September
- never pinto colored
light brown calves

Reindeer are the only deer where both sexes have antlers. The antlers of female reindeer are smaller than the antlers of males.

"The antlers start growing in April and are fully developed by Autumn";
"reindeers shed their antlers, the bucks just before Christmas and the females later in the spring".
"On a large buck, the antlers can grow up to a centimeter a day".

Reindeer can be found in Sápmi (Northern Finland, Sweden, Norway and Russia), North America (All over Canada and on farms across North America where they are raised in captivity), and Siberia. They were first used by people to do work in Sápmi and Siberia.

Reindeer live in coniferous forest and Arctic conditions. The historic range of the reindeer is threatened by global warming.

Reindeer are herd animals and live in groups. They live in groups of 10-100 reindeer, which are herds of only females or herds of only males. Reindeer go on long journeys between the warm and cold seasons. For this journeys the smaller groups form big herds of up to several 100,000 animals. Reindeer mate in October, and the males mate with as many females as possible.

Reindeer eat mostly grass, but eat also almost any other plant. In winter they often eat lichen, moss and fungi. "During winter, they find lichen by using their hooves to get under the snow"

After a pregnancy of 230 days the female gives birth to a single baby, usually in May or June. Reindeer babies do not have spots on their fur, like most other deer babies have. Young reindeer become mature when they are 2 year old. Reindeer usually live to be 12–15 years old, sometimes they can live to be 20 years old.

"During early spring when the daytime temperature rises and they have not yet shed their fur or winter coats", they "sometimes ... get heat stroke".

Reindeer have been hunted by humans since the stone age. People, especially in the northern regions, used the reindeer's meat, fur, skin, antlers and bones.

The reindeer was domesticated about 3 thousand years ago. It was first domesticated in Siberia and Scandinavia. Since then, reindeer have also been used for transport, for example for pulling sleds. Because reindeer can live in very cold climates, domesticated reindeer are used in most northern parts of the world.

Among the ethnic groups that use reindeer - for fur, and food - are the Sámi in Sápmi.

In western/European culture, it is said that Santa Claus' sled is pulled by reindeer.

Deer

The deer are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. They form the family Cervidae. The word 'deer' is both singular and plural.

A male deer is called a "stag" or "buck", a female deer is called a "hind or doe", and a young deer is called a "fawn, kid or calf". 

There are about 60 species of deer. They originally lived in the Northern Hemisphere, and now are native to Europe, Asia, North America and South America. Humans have introduced deer to places where they did not live naturally, such as Australia, New Zealand, Hawaii and South Africa.

Almost all adult deer have antlers, except one, the water deer, which has tusks. Only male deer have antlers, except for reindeer (caribou), where both sexes carry antlers. The antlers are deciduous, and drop off after the mating season. Their main use is for males to fight for groups of females during the rutting season (mating season).

Musk deer (family Moschidae) and chevrotains (Tragulidae) have no antlers, and are "not" deer. They are ruminants (Ruminantia). They are no more closely related to deer than any other even-toed ungulates. Their evolutionary history is not well-known, and they are often described as "not true deer".

Deer do not make nests or dens. They find a safe and comfortable place to rest under low hanging evergreen branches. They stay close to where they can find food. In summer, they eat grasses, plants and weeds. In the fall, they like mushrooms and small branches. They do not store their food for the winter. If the snow is not deep, they use their hooves to uncover moss and leaves. If the snow is deep, they eat twigs and branches. 

The doe usually has one or two fawns in the spring. The fawn is precocial, and can stand immediately after birth, but is weak. The doe will hide each fawn in a different place. They are camouflaged by spots on their backs.

Deer have many predators. Wolves, cougar, dogs and people will eat deer. They are always looking, listening and smelling for danger.

Generally speaking, deer prefer mixed forest and grassland areas. In former times, wolves were the number one enemy of deer. Even though deer today rarely need to defend against attack, their behaviour is adapted to succeed in mating, and protect themselves and their relatives from predators.

The rut establishes which males are dominant, and each successful male has a group of females. The group stays together until the fawns are born, about four or five months. Deer are by nature gregarious (social) and like to live together. This helps their defence against predators. The details vary between species. The actual defence against attack is decided by the dominant male. He decides whether to stand and, if necessary, to fight. Males keep their antlers for half a year. If they run, deer are outstanding runners. If they stand, they can kick. They will not attack humans unless the male senses danger. He gives warning by posture and sound. Stags tend to join up in male groups for mutual defence once their antlers are shed. The females also join up in large herds which can defend themselves fairly well. Deer stay in these single-sex groups for much of the year.

Deer are browsers, and feed mainly on leaves. Deer choose easily digestible shoots, young leaves, fresh grasses, soft twigs, fruit, fungi, and lichens. This is mostly low-fibre food. The male deer need minerals such as calcium and phosphate for their antler growth.

Deer are a monophyletic group. They originated in the northern hemisphere and arrived in some Gondwana continents much later. Red deer are found in the Atlas Mountains of North Africa, and some deer arrived in South America via the Great American Interchange. 

Below North Africa there are no deer. Their place in the ecosystems is taken by antelopes, which occupy a niche similar to the deer. Antelopes are not a monophyletic group. The antelope types have evolved from several bovid groups, and are an example of convergent evolution.

The deer family has about 62 species. 

The most famous fictional deer is Bambi.


Congo

Congo can refer to several things:

Dalton (unit)

The dalton or unified atomic mass unit (abbreviated: amu, u, or Da) is a unit of measurement that is used to measure the mass of atoms. The atomic mass unit is equal to one twelfth of the mass of the carbon-12.

The unified atomic mass unit and the dalton are different names for the same thing. The word 'dalton' is being used more over time. The unit is named after John Dalton, an 18th-century naturalist and teacher.

Anion

Anions are atoms or radicals (groups of atoms), that have gained electrons. Since they now have more electrons than protons, anions have a negative charge. For example, chloride ions Cl- , bromide Br- , iodide I-. These are monovalent anions, meaning they have a valency (combining capacity) with only one ion of hydrogen. Similarly there are bivalent anions, etc.

An ion is an atom (or group of atoms) with an electrical charge. Anions are one of the two types of ions. The other type is called a Cation, having a positive charge. In many crystals the anions are bigger; the little cations fit into the spaces between them.

Anions are termed so because they are attracted towards the anode (the positive electrode). All anions tend to accept a proton H+ thus they are categorised as base 

David (Michelangelo)

David is a statue by Michelangelo, begun in 1501 and completed in 1504. It is made of marble and is 17 feet tall. It is a statue of a shepherd, David, whose story is told in the Bible. David fought a battle with a giant soldier called Goliath. He beat Goliath by knocking him down with a small stone from his slingshot. David later became King of Israel. 

Michelangelo has carved the figure naked, in the way that Ancient Roman statues of Classical Gods were often made. He shows David before the fight, just as he is looking at Goliath and planning what to do. 

The statue was paid for by the wool-workers of Florence. To the people of the Republic of Florence, David, the teenage boy who fought a giant, was a symbol of how a small fierce town could battle off powerful invaders. David was a particularly important symbol to the wool-workers as well, because as a boy, he took care of his father’s sheep, and as a king, he was like a shepherd to his people. 

The statue of David is a symbol of the City of Florence, Italy, and is Michelangelo's most famous work of sculpture. It is often called "The David". 

In March 2023 the statue was described as pornographic. The principal of Tallahassee Classical School was forced to resign because the children were shown pictures of it.

From about 1464 the members of the Wool Guild wanted to have twelve statues of people from the Old Testament of the Bible carved for the Florence Cathedral. These statues were to go on the buttresses all around the outside walls, high up near the roof. Two statues had already been made by Donatello and his assistant, Agostino di Duccio. Duccio was asked to carve a statue of David. He began carving the statue's feet, chest and a hole between the legs. He stopped making the statue when his master, Donatello, died in 1466. Antonio Rossellino then worked on the statue for two years. The block of stone was untouched for 33 years and was left in the cathedral workshop where it was getting damaged by the weather. Michelangelo began working on David on September 13, 1501. It was finished on September 8, 1504.

When it was finished, the statue was placed in front of the entrance to the Palazzo Vecchio. During 1873 it was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence to protect it from damage. The statue currently attracts many visitors to the Accademia Gallery.

In 1991, the statue of David was attacked by a person with a hammer. Before the person with the hammer could be stopped, damage was done to the toes of the left foot.

Other statues by Michelangelo:

Moses (Michelangelo)

Moses is a statue that was made by Michelangelo. It is a statue of Moses from the Bible. The statue is unusual because Moses has horns on his head. This was one of Michelangelo's last projects. 

The following are other statues by Michelangelo:


The Birth of Venus

The Birth of Venus is a painting by Sandro Botticelli (1445 – May 17, 1510). It is of a Roman goddess who was called Venus. He pictured her standing on a shell because Venus was said to have been born from foam on the sea in "Stanze per la giostra", a poem written by Angelo Poliziano. The painting shows Zephyr, god of the winds holding the gentle breeze Aura, blowing her toward the shore where Horae, goddess of the seasons, is awaiting her with a cloak. She is pictured naked to show her innocence and divinity.

Primavera (Botticelli)

The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, which was painted in about 1482.

The painting is set in the garden of Venus, who is in the middle of the painting. Above her head is Cupid, who is aiming a bow and arrow at "The Three Graces". The Three Graces are dancing a rondel. Mercury is on the left of the painting. He is wearing a helmet and is carrying a sword. This means that he is the guard of Venus's garden. On the right of the picture is Zephyr. Zephyr is the god of the wind. He is chasing a nymph called Cloris. Next to Cloris is Flora, the goddess of Spring, scattering flowers. She was originally Cloris but was turned into Flora by Zephyr.

The Primavera is in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence.

Cupid

Cupid, also called Amor (Latin for "love"), is the god of sexual desire in Roman mythology. He fired golden arrows at people to make them fall in love, and lead arrows to make people fall out of love. He was mainly drawn as a cherub, but he might have looked like a normal teenager. He had large feathery wings which he used to fly around in the sky and mainly shot people with his love arrows by flying above them. He secretly did this. And many people asked him for help.


Eros (disambiguation)

Eros is the Greek god of love.

Eros can also mean:


The Creation of Adam

The Creation of Adam is part of a painting by Michelangelo which can be seen on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican City. It is of Adam and God touching hands so that God can give the spark of life to Adam.

Newbury, Berkshire

Newbury is a small historical market town in Berkshire, England, with many buildings from the 16th century, the world famous Newbury racecourse, and the Lambourn horse training stables.

Newbury is home to many kinds of people from different cultures. It is easy to get there from the M4 motorway and has airport and train links.

Dvorak Simplified Keyboard

The Dvorak Simplified Keyboard ( ) is an alternative way of putting letters on an English keyboard. Most English keyboards have the keys lined up in a "QWERTY layout." The point of QWERTY was to prevent typewriter keys from sticking, but it is not the most "ergonomic", or comfortable, keyboard to type on. August Dvorak invented the Dvorak keyboard, where letters are arranged based on how often they are used. For instance, the most common letters (like "e") are in the center row of keys, so less hand movement is needed when a person is typing.

Proponents of the Dvorak keyboard feel that with the use of computers rather than typewriters, there is no reason to keep the QWERTY keyboard. Many Dvorak keyboard users think that more people should use the Dvorak keyboard, as it aims to prevent typing injuries (like repetitive strain injury and carpal tunnel syndrome). But most users are used to the QWERTY keyboard, and do not want to switch.

Microsoft FrontPage

Microsoft FrontPage (Full name: Microsoft Office FrontPage) is a program made by Microsoft to help people make webpages and full websites. It was one of Microsoft Office programs until 2003.

Microsoft FrontPage was commercially available in four versions:
FrontPage 98, FrontPage 2000, FrontPage 2002 & FrontPage 2003.

A freeware version was also included in earlier releases of Internet Explorer. It was called FrontPage Express. It was a useful web editor without costing as much as professional software. FrontPage express is compatible with Windows XP and some other versions of Windows. FrontPage Express downloads are still available online from third-party hosts, such as stormthecastle.com.

FrontPage is a WYSIWYG, "What You See Is What You Get", Web Editor. All versions of FrontPage are still in use by web developers all over the globe.

The 2003 version is the last installment to the series. It was discontinued in 2006, being replaced by Microsoft Expression Web and Microsoft Office SharePoint Designer.

The first version of the app was made by Vermeer Technologies in 2005, before its acquisition by Microsoft.

Martial arts

A martial art is any form of fighting and an art that has a set way of practice. There are many martial arts that come from certain countries. They are practiced for many reasons: fighting, self-defense, sport, self-expression, discipline, confidence, fitness, relaxing, meditation. A martial art is a style of combat, in many instances directed towards the self-defence. In the common usage, the word applies to the systems of combat developed all around the world.

Martial arts may be used for self-defense, combat, and fitness.

The idea of "martial art" appeared first time in the English language in the 1920 "Takenobu's Japanese-English Dictionary" as a translation of the word "bu-gei" or "bu-jutsu" which means ""art" or "solution" of the military matters".

The martial arts are fighting systems. There are many schools and styles of martial arts, but all share the same goal: self-defence. Some of them, like taiji quan also can be used to improve health and the form as flowing of the "qi".

Some martial arts were not born in Asia. For example, savate appeared in France and the movements of sport of the capoeira came from Brazil.

Many martial arts include punches (boxing, karate), kicks (taekwondo, kickboxing, karate), holds and throws (judo, jujutsu, wrestling), weapons (iaijutsu, kendo, kenjutsu, naginatado, fencing, Filipino eskrima) or certain combination of these elements (several styles of jujutsu).

Martial arts are divided in two main sets: the so-called "hard martial arts" like karate and kickboxing which give special consideration to the attack to beat the opponent, and the "soft martial arts" like judo and aikido which fight the opponent in a less aggressive manner, using the force of the other to surrender him.

It is difficult to compare the effectiveness of the different existing arts. Recently, people developed competitions like the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States of America or Pancrase in Japan. These competitions also are known as "mixed martial arts" or MMA. But these competitions only test the fighting styles in limited situations (fighting against an expert, only fighting one opponent, fighting while wearing the right clothes - none of which would be true in other situations such as self-defense).

The martial arts are defined in this method: through the history, to the soldier in the battlefield, the only thing that was important for them was to beat the enemy that one have before himself. Whether a style is soft or hard or how many points are gained with a blow are details and subjects of discussion that appear in periods of peace, when there were hand to hand combats.

Martial arts are part of the art of war. If the main goal in a competition depends on noting points to somebody's advantage, then it could be said that this is a sport, not a martial art.

The history of martial arts is long. The act of developing of the fighting systems dates from when the man had been able to cause to pass the knowledge, along with the strategies of war. Part of the most ancient written material on the subject dates from the 15th century in Europe and the authorship fall to famous masters, like Hans Talhoffer and George silver. Also transcriptions of still more ancient texts had been brought to our days, one of them is a document written by hand. That document is called I.33 and dates from the end of the 13th century.

The persons who train martial arts disagree with relation to the matter of the competitions. Some arts, like the boxing or the Thai boxing, give attending to the sparring -fights during training - and to taking part in competitions, yet the most common of aikido and krav maga reject the competitions. The reasons that cause these opinions are different. Many of the arts desiring to compete argue that the competitions give place to better and more efficient techniques. However, certain styles not desiring to compete claim that the rules with which people developed these competitions ruin the art and does not represent what can happen in a real situation.

In recent years, there have been tries to return to life some martial arts thought to be important to history. Examples of this historical reconstruction of the martial arts are the pankration and the school of Shaolin that have not a continual tradition.




Soda

What is soda made of Sodas and other carbonated soft fizzy drinks usually contain carbonated water (water with dissolved carbon dioxide), some kind of sweetener, and natural or artificial flavoring.



Gonad

A gonad is a gland that makes gametes and sex hormones. The male gonad is the testicle. Testicles make sperm cells. The female gonad is the ovary. Ovaries make egg cells. Some animals have different gonads because they are hermaphroditic. They may have gonads such as the ovotestis. This is a gland that is similar to testicles and ovaries.

Felix Mendelssohn

Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy (born Hamburg 3 February 1809; died Leipzig 4 November 1847) was a German composer.

His grandfather was the German-Jewish philosopher Moses Mendelssohn. He was one of the great composers of the Romantic period. He loved the music of earlier composers like Bach, Handel and Mozart and he built on the traditions they had made. Mendelssohn was a child prodigy. He was already composing great music when he was a teenager. He wrote music for orchestra, piano, organ as well as chamber music and music for singing. His violin concerto is one of the most popular concertos ever written and is played by all the famous violinists. Two of his tunes are known by almost everybody: the hymn tune "Hark the Herald Angels Sing", and the "Wedding March" which is played so often at the end of weddings.

Mendelssohn’s family had plenty of money. They were also very interested in music, literature, painting etc. His grandfather Moses Mendelssohn was famous in German national literature. His father was a banker and his mother came from a family who owned a lot of factories in Berlin. The young Felix was educated at home by his parents. Although the family was Jewish his parents had Felix baptized and his father became a Christian a few years later. The Mendelssohn family added the name of Bartholdy to their name at this time.

Soon Felix was being taught by private tutors including Ludwig Berger who taught him the piano. He also learned music theory and composition. He played the piano at a concert when he was nine, and started to compose little plays with music (called a Singspiel in German). In 1821 he was taken to meet the famous writer Goethe in Weimar. It was to be the first of several visits and Goethe’s way of thinking and his works of German literature had a big influence on the young Mendelssohn. He composed several works at this time including Singspiels, symphonies and chamber music. He traveled with his father and met many famous musicians.

In 1825 the family moved to Berlin. They had regular concerts on Sunday mornings in their large house. Many rich and famous people were invited to their private concerts. In October 1825 he wrote a "String Octet" (a piece for eight string instruments) which is one of his best works. He studied the music of Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) whose music people had almost forgotten. He found the music of Bach’s "St Matthew Passion" and conducted a performance of it in 1829. It was a famous performance in music history, because people suddenly realized how great Bach was. Bach’s music has never been forgotten again since then.

During the years 1829 to 1835 Mendelssohn traveled all over Europe. He visited London several times and he also performed Beethoven’s "Emperor Concerto" there. He travelled to Scotland where he sailed to Fingal’s Cave in the Inner Hebrides. This inspired him to write the overture called "The Hebrides". When he was returning the stagecoach had an accident and he hurt his knee. He stayed with the composer Thomas Attwood for some time before he could return to Berlin. Next he travelled to Italy where he wrote the "Italian Symphony". In Italy he met Hector Berlioz and on his way back he met Chopin.

He spent some time in Düsseldorf where he performed several oratorios by Handel as well as his own music. In Frankfurt am Main he stayed with a family who had two daughters. He married one of them, Cécile Charlotte Sophia Jeanrenaud, in 1837. They had a happy marriage and had five children.

Felix and his young wife went to live in Leipzig where he became the conductor of the famous Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra. This was one of the highest musical jobs in Germany. He conducted a lot of music by 18th century composers who had been forgotten. He also gave the first performance of Schubert's which had been discovered by Robert Schumann nine years after Schubert’s death. Mendelssohn got some of the most famous musicians to come to Leipzig and perform with the orchestra: Clara Schumann, Franz Liszt, Anton Rubinstein, the young violinist Joseph Joachim and the Swedish soprano Jenny Lind. Mendelssohn improved the playing of the orchestra, making them one of the best orchestras in the world. He also made sure that the players were paid well.

In the early 1840s Mendelssohn spent some time in Berlin. The new king, Friedrich Wilhelm IV, King of Prussia, was very keen on music and had lots of ideas about new plans for concerts. He wanted Mendelssohn to be in charge of this. The king wanted to see Greek plays performed and Mendelssohn had to write incidental music for the performances of "Antigone".

In June 1842 Mendelssohn was twice received by Queen Victoria at her palace in London. Mendelssohn thanked the Queen by dedicating his "Scottish Symphony" to her. He continued to conduct in Leipzig and helped to make Berlioz’s music famous in Germany. He became director of the new Conservatoire in Leipzig. In Berlin the king asked him to provide incidental music for Shakespeare's play " A Midsummer Night’s Dream ". He had already written some of this music 17 years earlier but now he finished it and performed it in 1843.

For his piano performances Mendelssohn was using instruments from a Viennese piano maker Conrad Graf. Mendelshohn was so pleased with this instrument, that he decided to order from Graf two more pianos: one for himself and one for his brother’s bride.

During his last years Mendelssohn suffered from bad health. He continued to work and travel as much as he could, but after a stroke in 1847 he died in Leipzig aged 38. His body was taken by a special train to Berlin where he was buried near the grave of his sister Fanny.

Mendelssohn’s most famous works are his 5 symphonies (especially the "Scottish" and "Italian" symphonies), his concertos (especially his violin concerto), his overtures (especially "The Hebrides") and his Incidental Music to "A Midsummer Night’s Dream" which includes the famous "Wedding March". He wrote some very good chamber music: string quartets and piano trios and two very famous oratorios: "Elijah" and "St Paul". His piano music includes a large collection of short pieces called "Songs without Words" (German: "Lieder ohne Worte") which many pianists like to play. His organ music shows his love for J.S.Bach, often sounding more Baroque than Romantic. After his death Mendelssohn’s music became less popular for a time. This may have been because of the rise of anti-semitism in the mid-19th century, it may also have been because some musicians played Mendelssohn’s music in a rather delightful way. But many great musicians saw his greatness and his music is well-loved today.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980; 


Watercolour

Watercolours (UK), also called watercolor (US) or aquarelle (French), are paintings whose colours are water-based pigments. 

Watercolours were first created in China, appearing shortly after paper was invented. Watercolours soon became popular in Japan as well. Pigment is mixed first with a binder which is most of the time, gum arabic, then add water and then using a brush add the pigment to material like paper. When the water dries, the pigment is stuck to the material from the binder.

Expert system

An expert system is a program running on a computer. Like a human expert, it knows a lot about a subject. People can ask the expert system a question. The expert system will then use a set of rules and give answers to the question. This method of automated reasoning belongs to a field of computer science called artificial intelligence.

Different groups of people can have different kinds of access to an expert system. The people managing the network of computers have different needs than the office worker or secretary.

Expert systems are made of

When they are asked a question, they will filter the data with the rules they have. They might give back a result, or ask an additional question.


Hermann Hesse

Hermann Hesse (2 July 1877 – 9 August 1962) was a German-Swiss poet, novelist, and painter. In 1946, he received the Nobel Prize in Literature. His best known works include "Steppenwolf", "Siddhartha", and "The Glass Bead Game" (also known as "Magister Ludi").


Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol

The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol, is a protocol related to computers and networks of computers. It is referred to as DHCP for short. It was made so that computers could connect to other computers (on a network) automatically. To be able to access the Internet (or any computer network), an IP address is needed. DHCP allows for this IP address to be obtained automatically. Other data, like a DNS Nameserver, or a time server can also be obtained that way. Finally, computers that support it can even get a disk image they boot from over the network.

The address can be dynamic (it can change), or it can be static (it stays the same). After a certain time, the address lease has to be renewed.

DHCP is one of the most complicated IP protocols in networks of computers.
Communication protocol

In computing, a communication protocol refers to the set of rules that computers use to communicate with each other. The protocol defines the signals that the computers will give each other, and other details such as how communication begins and/or ends. 



Aldi

Aldi is a supermarket in Germany and in most parts of the European Union. Aldi shops are also in Australia, the UK and the United States. Most German towns and villages have at least one Aldi shop. There are about 4,100 stores in Germany, and 7,600 worldwide. The name of the shop stands for "ALbrecht-DIscount".

The company is a food retailer, but it also sells non-food at times. In the 1990s, Aldi often sold computers that were sought after. Aldi has a reputation for being cheap. It forces its suppliers to sell to them at low prices.

The company was started in 1913 as a family grocery business in Essen. In 1946, brothers Karl Albrecht (1920-2014) and Theo Albrecht (1922-2010) took over the business from their mother. Theo had been held by the US in a prisoner of war camp. They started the idea of discount shops in Germany. They decided to have a limited range of goods and sell them at a discount price. In 1960, the company was split into Aldi Nord (Aldi North) under the control of Theo, and Aldi Süd (Aldi South) under the control of Karl. The brothers became billionaires. In 2009 Karl's wealth was estimated to be €25 billion. Theo was kidnapped in 1971 and held prisoner for 17 days until a seven million mark ransom was paid. The family have avoided publicity and there are few known photographs of them.

Aldi started in Australia in 2001. At the end of 2010 there were 210 Aldi stores in eastern Australia and the company were planning to open 20-30 stores each year. In 2009 the Australian stores made a profit of AU$91.94 million, up 27% on 2008. In January 2024 Aldi was operating 591 stores in Australia.

Aldi opened its 1000th store in the UK in September 2023 - in the affluent town of Woking. It is the UK’s fourth-biggest grocer by market share and plans to open 500 more. Sales had increased by 21% in August from a year earlier. It has lower operational costs than other supermarkets and sells mostly own-label products. 


Channel Tunnel

The Channel Tunnel (or Chunnel) (French: le tunnel sous la Manche) is a long underwater tunnel between England and France that runs under the English Channel at the Strait of Dover. It is only for trains. Some of the trains in the Channel Tunnel carry freight, including automobiles. Others, like the Eurostar, carry only passengers.

The tunnel, which was once called the Eurotunnel, opened in 1994. It is 50 kilometres (31 miles) long and its deepest point is 75 metres (250 feet) beneath the surface. It connects Folkestone, Kent in the United Kingdom to Calais in northern France. This has reduced travel time between London and Paris to a little over two hours with high-speed trains.


Katowice

Katowice (pronounce: , also known as "Kattowitz" in German) is a city in Poland. It is in the south of Poland in the historical region called Silesia on Kłodnica and Rawa river. It received city rights in 1865. Between 1953 and 1956 Katowice had the name Stalinogród - "Stalin City". It was given by the polish communists. There are about 315,123 people living there. The mayor of the city is Marcin Krupa. For a long period of time the city was ruled by Germans, as it was a part of Germany until 1918. There is a little airport called "Airport Muchowiec". There are both modern and old buildings in Katowice. It was the center of the coal mining and metallurgy.




Mobile phone

A mobile phone (also known as a hand phone, cell phone, or cellular telephone) is a small portable radio telephone.

This cell phone can be used to communicate over long distances without wires. It works by communicating with a nearby base station (also called a "mobile tower") which connects it to the main phone network. When moving, if the mobile phone gets too far away from the cell it is connected to, that cell sends a message to another cell to tell the new cell to take over the call. This is called a "hand off," and the call continues with the new cell the phone is connected to. The hand-off is done so well and carefully that the user will usually never even know that the call was transferred to another cell.

As smart phones became more popular, they began to cost lesser money, and more people could afford them. Monthly plans became available for rates as low as US$30 or US$40 a month. Cell phones have become so cheap to own that they have mostly replaced pay phones and phone booths except for urban areas with many people.

In the 21st century, a new type of mobile phone, called smartphones, have become popular. Since the 2010s, more people use smartphones than the old kind of mobile phone, which are called feature phones.

Mobile phones in the 1950s through 1970s were large and heavy, and most were built into cars. In the late 20th century technology improved so people could carry their phones with ease.

Although Dr. Martin Cooper from Motorola made the first call using a mobile phone in 1973 (using a handset weighing 2 kilograms), it did not use the type of cellular mobile phone network that we use today.

The first cellular mobile phone networks were created in 1979 in Japan. Now almost all urban areas, and many country areas, are covered by mobile phone networks.
A cell phone combines technologies, mainly telephone, radio, and computer. Most also have a digital camera inside.

Cell phones work as two-way radios. They send electromagnetic microwaves from base station to base station. The waves are sent through antennas. This is called wireless communication.

Early cell telephones used analog networks. They became rare late in the 20th century. Modern phones use digital networks.

The first digital networks are also known as second generation, or 2G, technologies. The most used digital network is GSM (Global System for Mobile communication). It is used mainly in Europe and Asia, while CDMA (Code-Division Multiple Access) networks are mainly used in North America. The difference is in communication protocol. Other countries like Japan have different 2G protocols. A few 2G networks are still used. 3G are more common, and many places have 4G.

The radio waves that the mobile phone networks use are split into different frequencies. The frequency is measured in Hz. Low frequencies can send the signal farther. Higher frequencies provide better connections and the voice communications are generally clearer. Four main frequencies are used around the world: 850, 900, 1800 and 1900 MHz. Europe uses 900 and 1800 MHz and North America uses 850 and 1900 MHz.

Today there are mobile phones that work on two, three or four frequencies. The most advanced phones work on all frequencies. They are called 'world' phones and can be used everywhere.

There are different kinds of phones. A flip phone flips open, and is best for calling. A bar phone is shaped like a candy bar, and the keys and screen are on one face. A slate phone is a phone that has almost no buttons, and uses a touchscreen. Most are slates. A slider phone slides on rails. It can slide out number keys or a mini keyboard, but some do both. A swivel spins on an axle.

When a mobile phone is switched on, its radio receiver finds a nearby mobile phone network base station, and its transmitter sends a request for service. Computers in the base station check if the phone is allowed to use the network. The base station covers an area called a cell. A phone can move between different cells, but will only communicate with one cell at a time. This is why mobile communications are sometimes called cellular communications.

Once connected to a station, the mobile phone can make calls. Because the network knows that the phone is connected to that particular cell, it can also route calls to the mobile phone. Sometimes the radio connection to the cell is lost, for example when you go underground. This means the phone cannot make or receive calls until the connection is made again.

The network is the company that provides the phone service. In most areas there will be more than one mobile network. Customers choose networks based on how well the different networks work in their area, or by price.

There are two main ways to pay for mobile phone calls: 


Mobile phones use different technical standards. GSM phones need a separate microchip, called a Subscriber Identity Module or SIM card, to work. The SIM has information like the phone number and payment account and this is needed to make or receive calls. The SIM may be supplied by the same company as the phone, or a different one. Sometimes you can change the network by using a SIM from another network, but some companies do not want this to happen and they lock the phone so that you have to use their SIM. 

The others have a special radio inside them that only makes phone calls when the phone is activated. When someone buys a contract, the network gives them a code, that if they enter it into the phone, the phone will then make calls. It is usually impossible to switch to a different network's code on this type of phone. The majority of these CDMA phones are used in the United States and nearby countries.

A majority of new mobile phones from the 21st century are smartphones. These phones are basically small computers. Besides calling, they can be used for email, browsing the internet, showing local maps, playing music and games, and many other functions that computers can perform. 

Most smartphones run a common mobile operating system. This allows developers to make mobile apps that work on many different phones without needing to change the code. Examples of smartphones include Apple's iPhone (which uses iOS software) and Samsung's Galaxy series, one of many phones that use the Android platform made by Google.

Cases, which are designed to attach to, support, or otherwise hold a smartphone, are popular accessories. Some have a keyboard built in. Case measures are based on the display inches (e.g. 5 inch display). There are different types:


In the 21st century, a new type of mobile phone, called smartphones, have become popular. More people are using smartphones than the old kind of mobile phone, which are called feature phones covers

Holsters are commonly used alone for devices that include rubberized padding, and/or are made of plastic and without exposed rigid corners. Heavy duty cases are designed to protect from drops and scratches.


Amazon

Amazon can be:

Giorgio Napolitano

Giorgio Napolitano (29 June 1925 – 22 September 2023) was an Italian politician who was the 11th President of Italy from 2006 to 2015. He was the first Italian president to be re-elected to the office. From 1992 to 1994, he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies. From 1996 to 1998, he was the Minister of the Interior during the Romano Prodi government.

Before becoming president, Napolitano was a member of the Chamber of Deputies, Senate and European Parliament.

In office for 8 years and 244 days, he was the longest-serving president, until the record was passed by Sergio Mattarella in 2023. He also was the longest-lived president in the history of the Italian Republic.

He was elected on 10 May 2006 on the fourth ballot, with 543 votes out of 1009 (the required number was 505), but he took office as president only on 15 May 2006, after Carlo Azeglio Ciampi's time was finished.

He was voted mostly by the left-wing coalition led by Prime Minister Romano Prodi, head of the Italian Government. Napolitano was preceded at his job by Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. He was nicknamed King George by his critics. 

Napolitano resigned as President of Italy on 14 January 2015 due to his old age.

Napolitano was born in Naples. He studied at University of Naples Federico II. In 1959, he married Clio Maria Bittoni. They had two children.

Napolitano was hospitalized in Rome on 29 June 2023, shortly after his 98th birthday. He died on 22 September 2023 at the age of 98.

Robert Byrd

Robert Carlyle Byrd (November 20, 1917 – June 28, 2010) was a Senator of the state of West Virginia from 1959 until his death in 2010. He is the longest serving Senator in United States History. He was dean of the United States Senate from 2003 to 2010. He was president pro tempore four times. He was elected to the Senate in 1958. He served as majority leader from 1977 to 1981 and again from 1987 to 1989. He was also minority leader from 1981 to 1987. He was a member of the KKK.

Byrd was born on November 20, 1917 in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. He was married to Erma James from 1937 until her death in 2006. They had two children.

Byrd was fourth person in the state (as President "pro tempore" of the Senate, usually longest serving Senator from majority party) from January 1989 to January 1995, from January 3, 2001 to January 20, 2001 and again from June 2001 to January 2003 and January 2007 until his death in 2010.

After Republicans retook control of the Senate, he became the honorary President "pro tempore emeritus" In 2007, Byrd became President Pro Tempore of the Senate again. Before he was elected to the Senate he served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1953 until 1959 (he is dean of all Congress).

He was a vocal opponent of President George W. Bush's war in Iraq. In January 2006 he was one of the only four (alongside Ben Nelson of Nebraska, Kent Conrad of North Dakota and Ken Salazar of Colorado) democratic Senators, who voted for Samuel Alito.

Byrd died on June 28, 2010 in Falls Church, Virginia from problems caused by heat exhaustion, aged 92.

Artemis

Artemis is the Greek goddess of the Moon, hunting, archery, virginity and midwifery. She is one of the members of the Twelve Olympians who ruled the world on top of Mount Olympus. She is the daughter of Zeus and Leto, older twin sister of Apollo. Her Roman equivalent is Diana. 

Artemis is generally depicted as a beautiful huntress wearing a sleeveless tunic and carrying a bow and arrow. She is accompanied by a group of nymphs huntresses. Bow, arrow, quiver and knives serves as her symbols. While deer and stags is her sacred animal. 

Hera, who was Zeus's wife, discovered that Leto was pregnant and became very angry. She banned Leto from giving birth on any mainland or island known.

Leto found the island of Delos, which floated and so was not an island or mainland, and gave birth there. Hera then locked up the goddess of childbirth, Eilethyia, so she could not give birth to the twins. Then, all the other goddesses convinced her to let her free so she could finally give birth. Leto gave birth to Artemis without any problem. However she was in labor with Apollo for nine days. Artemis helped Leto to give birth to Apollo.

A mortal hunter named Acteon stumbled upon Artemis while she was bathing in one of his hunting session with his friends. Artemis discovered him and she was enraged. So she inflicted a punishment upon him for spying on her whilst she was bathing by transforming him into a stag. She sent his own hunting dogs to tear him apart.

Hippolytos, a companion and devotee of Artemis, was slain through the machinations of Aphrodite, as punishment for his scorning of love and neglecting her worship. Artemis avenged the death of Hippolytos by killing Aphrodite's favourite lover, Adonis. She later petitioned Asclepius to bring the boy back to life, and spirited him away to her sacred shrine in Aricia.



Apollo

Apollo is a god in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians. He is the son of Zeus and Leto and the twin brother of Artemis. He is the god of healing, medicine, archery, music, dance, poetry, prophecy, knowledge, light and the sun. He is the leader of the Muses. He also is a god of prophecy, and his Oracle at Delphi is very important. He also is the god of justice. During the 5th century BC, Apollo became also known as the god of Sun, becoming one with the god Helios, and getting the name Phoebus. He is shown as a handsome young man, wearing a laurel wreath and playing the lyre or kithara. It is known as his symbol. His other symbols include the raven.

Apollon or Apollo was one of the Twelve Olympians, the 12 most important gods in Greek mythology. Because of this, there are many myths about him:

Apollo and his twin sister Artemis were the children of Zeus, the king of the Greek gods, and the goddess Leto. When Leto became pregnant, Zeus already had a wife, the queen of the gods Hera. Hera was angry that Zeus was having children with Leto, and cursed Leto so that she could not ever give birth to her children anywhere on the earth where the sun shone. Hera then sent a serpent called Python to eat her. Python chased Leto to the edge of the sea, where Leto swam to the island of Delos. Python could not swim, however, and had to leave her alone. The island of Delos was at that time just a big rock floating on the sea, not an island yet, so it wasn't "on the earth". So Leto climbed under the shade of a palm tree and gave birth to her daughter Artemis, and then her son Apollo. Delos then became Apollo's and Artemis' sacred land. It varies from myth to myth what twin was born first.

When Apollo grew up, he went to his father Zeus and asked for a golden bow with arrows as bright and sharp as the sunshine. Then he went looking for a place to build his temple. He came to a spring that belonged to a nymph called "Telephusa" and tried to build his temple there, but Telephusa suggested he build his temple at Delphi instead, since there was already a shrine there to Themis, the goddess of telling the future. Apollo went to Delphi but found out it was taken over by Python, the dragon who had tried to eat his mother. He killed the Python with a hundred arrows and claimed Delphi as his temple. He got two sailors to be his priests and then gave a girl the power of telling the future. The girl became his priestess or oracle. The little god Eros, the son of the love goddess Aphrodite, had watched Apollo kill Python and worshiped Apollo as his idol. Apollo, however, was annoyed by Eros and insulted him. Eros got angry and shot Apollo with his magic arrow, making him fall in love with a nymph named Daphne. Daphne didn't love Apollo and shunned him. Apollo chased her, and she turned herself into a laurel tree to escape him. Apollo still loved her and made the laurel one of his symbols.

Apollo looked after the cattle of the sun-god Helios while Helios was driving the sun through the sky. While Apollo was chasing Daphne, the mischievous baby god Hermes stole the cattle and confused Apollo by making the cattle walk backward as they left their pen. When Apollo went looking for them, it looked like they had walked into the ranch instead of out. Hermes also told a nearby man that he would make him rich if he told no one about what he saw Hermes do. The man, Battos, told Apollo anyway and was later turned into stone by Hermes as punishment. Apollo took Hermes in front of all the gods to be judged. Hermes acted innocent, though, and finally convinced Apollo to forgive him by giving him the lyre. Apollo loved this lyre so much that he not only let Hermes keep the cattle but also gave him the caduceus, a magic wand that could heal wounds and cause sleep. Hermes tried the caduceus out on two dying snakes, who came back to life and curled around the wand for the rest of eternity.

Nike (mythology)

Nike (Greek: Νίκη) is the goddess of victory in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Styx and Pallas and the sister of Cratos, Bia, and Zelus. Nike and her brothers and sister were all friends of Zeus. 

Nike could run very fast, had wings and brings good luck. She is usually worshipped at the same time as Athena. Nike is often linked with sport, with companies named for her like Nike Inc. A picture of Nike also appears in all the medals for the Summer Olympics. Her Roman name is Victoria.

The most famous statue of Nike is the Winged Victory of Samothrace. This is now in the Louvre, which is a museum in Paris, France. She is a symbol of victory displayed outside Olympic stadiums in Olympia and in other places where there are Olympics. She is believed to always be watching over sport stadiums ready to choose the victor of the game.

Daphne

Daphne can mean:






Montagu Island

Montagu Island is the largest island of the South Sandwich Islands.

Styx

Styx is the goddess of the river Styx in Greek mythology, and was the only female river goddess. She was the daughter of Okeanos and Tethys, and with Pallas was also the mother of Zelus, Nike, Kratos, and Bia (and sometimes Eos). During the Titanomachy she sent the children to help Zeus. To reward her for helping the Olympians, Zeus did not throw her in Tartarus, but let her be the guardian of the river Styx. She is the wife of the ferryman, Charon, and the guardian of the river Coctylus, Archeon.

Groucho Marx

Julius Henry Marx or Groucho Marx (October 2, 1890 – August 19, 1977) was an American actor and comedian . He was best known for work with his siblings in The Marx Brothers and then later on his own. He was also best known for portraying a fast-talking "wise guy" with bushy eyebrows, glasses, rectangle moustache and a cigar.

Greek mythology

Greek mythology is a large collection of stories, started in Ancient Greece, about the beginning of the world, and the lives and adventures of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines.

The gods and goddesses in Greek mythology have special parts in the world. For instance, Zeus is the god of the sky, Poseidon is the god of the sea and Hephaestus is the god of metal work, forging and fire. They can make themselves invisible to humans and move to any place in a very short amount of time. Gods and goddesses also never get sick and can only be hurt by very unusual causes. This is called being immortal. The king of the gods was Zeus. The gods were children of the Titans such as Kronos and Rhea.

Greek mythology has thirteen main gods known as the Twelve Olympians plus Hades, the brother of Zeus. They were Zeus, Poseidon, Hera, Hephaestus, Dionysus, Athena, Artemis, Apollo, Ares, Demeter, Aphrodite and Hermes. Before them there were the twelve Titans.

The Greeks believed that the sun was pulled across the sky by a "chariot" driven by the god, Apollo, (Or Helios, as some say, the titan who drove the 'sun chariot' across the sky before his successor Apollo) and he himself was the god of archery, poetry, and Oracles. Every day, Apollo would drive the "Sun Chariot" across the sky.

The Ancient Greeks believed that in the beginning, the world was in a state of nothingness which they called Chaos. Suddenly, from light, came Gaia (Mother Earth) and from her came Uranus (the sky) along with other old gods (called primordials) like Pontus (the primordial god of the oceans). Gaia and Uranus had 12 children, the Titans. The most important of the 12 children were Kronos and Rhea.

Gaia gave birth to monsters called cyclops and monsters called Hecatoncheires (the hundred handed ones). Uranus, disgusted by the monsters, threw them in Tartarus. Gaia was angered by Uranus and wanted revenge on him. Gaia used her son Kronos, who chopped off Uranus' genitals. Kronos then threw Uranus into tartarus. From the blood of his genitals, came the goddess of love and beauty—Aphrodite.

Kronos married his sister Rhea and gave birth to 6 children, who were called the gods. Kronos, who was afraid of a prophecy delivered to him which stated that one day his children would cut him up, swallowed each of his children the second they were born. Rhea did not like this, so she saved Zeus and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. Zeus was raised by Amaltheia. In some versions of the story, Amaltheia was a nymph. In other versions she was a goat. Zeus grew up in a mountain cave in Crete. When he was old enough, he tricked Kronos into drinking a mixture of wine and mustard with the help of Metis. Metis later had a child with Zeus named Athena. Kronos vomited up the rest of the gods, who, being immortal, had been growing up completely undigested in Kronos' stomach. Zeus and other gods then had a big war with the Titans. Zeus won with the help of the hundred handed ones and the cyclops. After they won the war Zeus cut Kronos into pieces and threw him into Tartarus.

Zeus was, from then on, the leader of the gods. Poseidon took over the oceans. Hades took over the Underworld. Zeus married his sister Hera and crowned her Queen of Olympus.



Ge

Ge or GE may stand for:

Gaya (disambiguation)

"See also: Gaia"

Gaya may refer to:


Nyx

Nyx was the goddess of the night in Greek mythology. She came out of Chaos.

Her Roman equivalent was Nox.

In his theogony (How the gods came to be), Hesiod tells: "Night is born of Chaos; her offspring are many, and telling. With Erebus, Night gives birth to the following deities:"
Later, on her own, Night gives birth to 

In his description of Tartarus, Hesiod says further that Hemera "day", who is now Night's sister rather than daughter, left Tartarus just as Nyx entered it; when Hemera returned, Nyx left. This mirrors the portrayal of Ratri "night" in the Rig-Veda, where she works in close cooperation but also tension with her sister Ushas "dawn".



Hemera

Hemera was the goddess of daylight in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Erebus and Nyx, and the sister of Moros, Charon, Keres and Nemesis. 

Hyginus lists their children as Uranus, Gaia, and Thalassa (the primordial sea goddess), while Hesiod only lists Thalassa as their child.

Aether was her brother and consort. Hyginus listed Gaia, Thalassa and Ouranos as their children. In Hesiod's "Theogony", Hemera was only mother of Thalassa.

Hemera's mother was the goddess of the night and her father was the god of darkness. they were brother and sister and married and had kids Hemera was one of them.
Her grandmother was the goddess of air.

Aether

Aether was the God of light in Greek mythology. He was the son of Erebus and Nyx. Aether is one of the primordial deities, the first-born elementals.

Damascius says that Aether, Erebus and Chaos were siblings, and the offspring of Chronos (Father Time). According to Epiphanius, the world began as a cosmic egg, encircled by Time and Inevitability (most likely Chronos and Ananke) in serpent fashion. Together they constricted the egg, squeezing its matter with great force, until the world divided into two hemispheres. After that, the atoms sorted themselves out. The lighter and finer ones floated above and became the Bright Air (Aether and/or Ouranos) and the rarefied Wind (Chaos), while the heavier and dirtier atoms sank and became the Earth (Gaia) and the Ocean (Pontos and/or Oceanus). See also Plato's Myth of Er.

Keres (spirits)

The Keres are female death spirits in Greek mythology, and were the daughters of Erebus and Nyx. They look very dark and have sharp teeth, claws and like the taste of blood. The Keres look around battlefields for hurt people and people who are dying.

Eris (goddess)

Eris (, "Strife") is the goddess of strife and discord in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Nyx, but has no father. She is the opposite of Harmonia, who is the goddess of harmony.

The Romans called her "Discordia". In Roman statues of Discordia, and in other Roman art of her, she looks scary and ugly, and she is holding a knife. There are a few myths about this goddess, such as the one involving the golden apple.

Nowadays, there are some people who call themselves "Discordians". This idea comes from a book called "Principia Discordia", which was written by Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley in San Francisco in the year 1958 or 1959. The book says that Eris might not have been scary and ugly after all, but that she was just misunderstood.

The "Principia Discordia" describes the Discordian Society and its Goddess Eris, as well as the basics of Discordianism.

Geras

Geras is the god of age in Greek mythology. His mother is Nyx, but he has no father.

Hypnos

Hypnos is the god of sleep in Greek mythology. He is the son of Nyx and the twin brother of Thanatos, the god of death.

His sons are the Oneroi: Morpheus, Phobetor and Phantasos.

His Roman equivalent was "Somnus". Hypnos was represented as a gentle young man, usually with wings attached to his temples or shoulders.

Momus

Momus is the god of blame in Greek mythology. His mother is Nyx, but he has no father. He was kicked out of Olympus after criticizing Zeus and Aphrodite.

Moros

Moros is the personification of doom in Greek mythology. He was the child of Nyx and brother to Thanatos. It is believed that he decided the destiny of each mortal.

Metis

Metis is the goddess of wisdom in Greek mythology. She is one of the Titans and is the daughter of Oceanus and Tethys. She was the mother of Athena.

There is also a moon named after Metis.

When she was inside Zeus, Metis made a helmet and a robe for her baby. The hammering noise caused Zeus to have a headache. To try and help Zeus with the pain, Prometheus, Hephaestus, Hermes, or Palaemon (depending on the myth) cut his head open with a Minoan axe. Athena then came out of Zeus's head. She was fully grown and had her armour on.


Eos

Eos (Ionic and Homeric Greek: Ἠώς, "Ēōs"; Attic: Ἕως, "Éōs"; Aeolic: Αὔως, "Aúōs"; Doric: Ἀώς, "Āṓs") is the goddess of the dawn in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of the Titans Hyperion and Theia. She is the sister of Helios, god of the sun, and Selene, goddess of the moon. 

Eos leaves her home, which was at the edge of ocean, every morning to wake her brother, Helios. She opens the gates of heaven so that Helios can ride his chariot across the sky each day.


Selene

Selene () is the goddess of the Moon in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of the Titans Hyperion and Theia. She is the sister of Helios, god of the Sun, and Eos, goddess of the dawn. She is often shown driving her chariot across the night sky, drawn by a team of winged horses. Many other goddesses, such as Artemis and Hecate, were associated with the moon, but only Selene was regarded as the personification of the Moon itself. Her Roman equivalent is Luna.

The etymology of "Selene" is unknown, but if the word is from Greek, it is probably connected to the word "selas", meaning "light". "Boreion Selas" is the Greek name for Aurora Borealis. The word "selenology", the study of the geology of the Moon, comes from her name. The chemical element Selenium was also named after Selene.

In post-Renaissance art, Selene is shown as a beautiful woman with a pale face. She is sometimes riding a silver chariot (cart) pulled by oxen or a pair of horses. Often, she is shown riding a horse or bull, wearing robes and a half-moon on her head and carrying a torch.

In the old pre-Olympian genealogy of the gods, Helios, the sun, is Selene's brother: after her brother, Helios, finishes his trip across the sky, Selene, freshly washed in the waters of the Earth-circling Ocean, begins her own trip as night falls upon the earth, which becomes lit from the light of her head and golden crown. When she is growing after mid-month, it is a "sure token and a sign to mortal men". Her sister, Eos, is goddess of the dawn. Eos also carried off a human lover, Cephalus, which is like a myth of Selene and Endymion.

As a result of Selene becoming one with Artemis, later writers sometimes said Selene was a daughter of Zeus, like Artemis, or of Pallas the Titan. In the Homeric "Hymn to Hermes", with its list of people's fathers, she is "bright Selene, daughter of the lord Pallas, Megamedes' son."

The Apollonius of Rhodes tells how Selene loved a mortal, the handsome hunter or shepherd—or, in the version Pausanias knew, a king— of Elis, named Endymion, from Asia Minor. He was so beautiful that Selene asked Zeus to grant him eternal sleep, she learned from her sister never to ask for eternal life or be left with a grasshopper in her hands so he would never leave her: her asking permission of Zeus is as an Olympian change to an older myth: Cicero "Tusculanae Disputationes" recognized that the moon goddess had done it by herself. Another story says Endymion made the decision to live forever in sleep. Every night, Selene went down behind Mount Latmus near MiletusPausanias geographerPausanias . Selene had fifty daughters, the Menae, by Endymion, including Naxos, the nymph of Naxos Island. The protected place of Endymion at Heraclea by Latmus|Heraclea on the southern slope of Latmus is a horseshoe-shaped room with an entrance hall and pillared front court.

Though the story of Endymion is the best-known one today, the Homeric hymn to Selene tells that Selene also had a daughter by Zeus, Pandia, the "utterly shining" full moon. According to some sources, the Nemean Lion was her child as well. She also had a brief relationship with Pan, who seduced her by wrapping himself in a sheepskin and gave her the yoke of white oxen that drew the chariot in which she is shown in sculptures, with her windblown veil above her head like the arching canopy of sky. In the Homeric hymn, her chariot is drawn by long-maned horses.

The Roman moon goddess, Luna, had a temple on the Aventine Hill. It was built in the sixth century BC, but was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome when Nero was king. There was also a temple to Luna Noctiluca ("Luna that shines by night") on the Palatine Hill. There were parties in honor of Luna on March 31, August 24 and August 29.


Leto

Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Coeus and Phoebe, who were Titans. Leto was the mother of the twins Artemis and Apollo, whose father was Zeus.

After the twins were born, Leto played very little part in Greek mythology. She is the goddess of motherhood and one of Zeus' many wives.

Hera, who was Zeus's wife, discovered that Leto was pregnant and became very angry. She banned Leto from giving birth on any mainland or island known.

Leto found the island of Delos, which floated and so was not an island nor mainland, and gave birth there. Leto gave birth to Artemis without any problem. However she was in labour with Apollo for nine days and nine nights. Artemis helped Leto to give birth to Apollo.


Sioux Falls, South Dakota

Sioux Falls (pronounced "sue falls", ) is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the largest city in the state; 192,517 people lived there at the 2020 census. The city is in the eastern part of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Minnehaha County, where most of the city is located. The southern part of the city is in Lincoln County. Sioux Falls became a city in 1876. The city is built around the Big Sioux River, and it gets its name from a set of waterfalls along the river that are located in a park in the city.

Sioux Falls is home to four major sports teams. The Sioux Falls Skyforce play basketball in the NBA Development League, the Sioux Falls Canaries play baseball in the American Association, the Sioux Falls Stampede play ice hockey in the United States Hockey League, and the Sioux Falls Storm play American football in the Indoor Football League.

Two major Interstate highways go through Sioux Falls. Interstate 90 goes from east to west, and Interstate 29 goes from north to south. Sioux Falls also has a shorter route, Interstate 229, that serves the eastern part of the city and connects Interstate 90 to Interstate 29. The city is also home to the Sioux Falls Regional Airport, which has flights to many big cities across the country.


30s

The 30s decade ran from 1 January 30 to 31 December 39.

Christopher Eccleston

Christopher Eccleston (born 16 February 1964) is an English actor. He played the Ninth Doctor on "Doctor Who" in 2005. Before playing the doctor, he played the Son of God in "The Second Coming". He has acted in movies, such as "Let Him Have It", "Shallow Grave", and "Gone in 60 Seconds".

Eccleston is an atheist.


Deliverance

Deliverance is a 1972 American crime drama movie made by Warner Bros.. It was directed by John Boorman and stars Burt Reynolds, Ronny Cox, Ned Beatty, and Jon Voight. It was based on a book written in 1970 by James Dickey, who also wrote the screenplay and had a small part in the movie. It is set in rural northern Georgia. Four men from Atlanta take a trip in a canoe. Two of them are raped by sadistic local men; the victims take revenge on their attackers.

"Deliverance" got good reviews from critics and is widely considered one of the best films of 1972.

Nominated for:



The Adventures of Robin Hood

The Adventures of Robin Hood is a 1938 swashbuckler movie. It was directed by Michael Curtiz and William Keighley. It was shot in Technicolor. The movie stars Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Basil Rathbone, and Claude Rains. The story is based on the traditional tales of Robin Hood. It is the third of eight movies Flynn and De Havilland made together. The movie won three minor Academy Awards. In 1995, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Speed (1994 movie)

Speed is a 1994 American action-thriller movie set in Los Angeles, California. It stars Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Jeff Daniels, Alan Ruck, and Dennis Hopper with Joe Morton. It is about a police officer (Reeves) who has to stop a extortionist (Hopper), who has put a bomb on a city bus. The movie was a box office success in many countries.

It was followed by a 1997 sequel, "".


Ares

Ares is a god in Greek mythology. He is the god of savage war and bloodlust, and represents the untamed, wild aspects of conflict. He is one of the Twelve Olympians. His parents are Zeus and Hera. He had a twin sister called Eris. Neither parent liked him. He is considered murderous and bloody. In the Trojan War, he fought on the side of the Trojans. He had six children with Aphrodite. His homeland is Thrace.

Ares' name is believed to be derived from the Greek word ἀρήσ ("arē"), the Ionic form of the Doric ἀρά ("ara"), which translates to "bane" or "ruin".



Anna Kavan

Anna Kavan (born Helen Emily Woods; 10 April 1901 – 5 December 1968) was an English writer.

Kavan wrote stories before using the name Anna Kavan. During this time, she wrote six novels. They are very different from her other novels. When she changed her pen name, she started writing experimental novels. This change focused on dreams and addiction.

"I Am Lazarus" is a collection of short stories. The stories are about mental illness and war-related post traumatic stress disorder.

Kavan travelled a lot during the Second World War. She was in New Zealand for 22 months. Because New Zealand is close to Antarctica, she was inspired to write "Ice".

Voodoo

The word voodoo, which has many different names and spellings (like "vodun, vodou, voudou, vudu, vodoun, vowdown, vooodooo, vundun") is the name of a West African animist, spiritual folkway. Some class it as a religion. However, voodoo is more a way of life. It is a supernatural ancestral connection, passed from generation to generation by word of mouth (oral tradition), rituals and spiritual practices. Voodoo has variations from tribe to tribe. Religion, on the other hand, is based on formal organization, myths and dogma in texts, buildings constructed for worship, and a hierarchy of ordained leaders.

Voodoo is animism or spiritism. That is, all aspects of the natural world are seen as having spiritual identity immune to physical death. Animism includes belief in a person's spirit surviving the death of the body. Ancestors' 'spirits' are called upon for inspiration, protection or other influences over the material world. The roots of voodoo in the Americas come from the Fon, Ewe, and Yoruba people of Africa.. The word vodún is the Fon-Ewe word for spirit.

In voodoo many gods and spirits are prayed to or called on. Both spirits of nature and of dead people are important. The spirits of family members who have died are especially important. Voodoo often has rituals with music and dancing. Drums are used to make most of this music. In voodoo people often believe that a spirit is in their body and controlling the body. Having a spirit come into is wanted, and important. This spirit can speak for the gods or dead people you love, and can also help to heal or do magic.

Another word for voodoo is "vodu", used in Haiti where the creole language is based on the French language. African voodoo often has animal sacrifice (the animal is killed for the spirits), but this is not common in Haiti. Voodoo in Haiti and America has also added some Catholic ideas that were not known in African voodoo. The use of Catholic saints/iconography may have developed as a means of adaptation, and survival, but also as a safety precaution.

Voodoo is an important religion in Haiti. When Haiti beat the French in a war and became its own country, the people of Haiti believed that voodoo had helped them win. Also, in Haiti there are both good priests and "dark" sorcerers (called bokor). The bokor acts like a kind of religious policeman, and may curse bad people.

Voodoo originally entered the United States via immigrants from Africa and Haiti such as Marie LaVeau, "the voodoo queen of New Orleans". Marie was a pacifist and known for healing people. Though unprecedented, the local Catholic priest let Marie practice Voodoo in the Catholic Church, and as a result, she became famous, leading (along with others) many in Louisiana to believe in Voodoo.

Like many other religions and practices, people learn about voodoo and hoodoo through movies and TV shows, where it has gained the popularity it has today as a form of entertainment. Hoodoo was showcased in the 2005 horror-suspense movie, The Skeleton Key, starring Kate Hudson (correctly emphasizing that it was hoodoo that was being used), and in the 2009 Disney movie The Princess and the Frog.
<br>Zombies are a large part of popular horror culture, and they originated in voodoo folklore from the original word, “nbzambi”, which refers to the primary sprit and/or to one’s soul. The 2009 release of Zombieland and the 2004 movie Shaun of the Dead are both horror-comedies.

Just as there is Christian music, there is music that came from voodoo rituals, which influenced jazz, and many of the original jazz players are rumored to have had a connection to voodoo in some way, including Jelly Roll Morton and Louis Armstrong. Storyville, a district in New Orleans, was a place where, at night, Jazz was played and hoodoo was sold. There, jazz thrived and pulsed with the voices and instruments of Jelly Roll, Sweet Emma Barrett, and many others.
There are many songs and albums that reference voodoo and/or hoodoo, either in the title ("Hoodoo" by Muse )
or in the actual song, such as in David Bowie's song "Magic Dance", with the lyric, ""You remind me of the babe./ What babe?/ The babe with the power. /What power?/ The power of the hoodoo. /Hoodoo? /You do. /Do what? /Remind me of the babe!"". Another example is Rob Zombie who started the band White Zombie.

Loa (spirits of Voodoo) are depicted in Zadie Smith's 2005 novel "On Beauty". Loa also appear in Terry Pratchett's book "Witches Abroad" (1991). A powerful voodoo woman in novel "Witches Abroad" is named Erzulie Gogol. Baron Samedi (as the head of the Ghede family of Loa) is mentioned in the second novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series of stories "Live and Let Die." In the short story "Kum Ogun" by Jorge Amado, or the 2nd part of the novel "Shepherds of the night" (1964), is one of the title characters – Loa Ogun. The character Galeb from "Tales of Monkey Island" was based on Loa Papa Legba. Papa Legba, Erzulie, Ogun, Ghede and other popular Loa together with the adepts of Voodoo are depicted in Andrei Gusev's 2020 novel "Our Wild Sex in Malindi".

Mercury (mythology)

Mercury (Latin: "Mercurius") is the god of trade, commerce, financial gain, messages/communication, travellers and Boundaries, winter, trickery, merchants and thieves in Ancient Roman religion and myth. Son of Jupiter and Maia, Mercury was a major god in Roman state religion, being a member of the Dii Consentes, the principal group of ancient Roman deities. The Roman counterpart to Hermes, the god is depicted as holding a caduceus in his left hand. The planet Mercury and the element are named after him.


Medusa

Medusa is a character in Greek mythology. Her story has been told and retold by ancient and modern storytellers, writers, and artists. 

The Latin poet Ovid writes in Book IV of his "Metamorphoses" that Poseidon had raped Medusa in the temple of Athena. The goddess was angry, and changed Medusa into a monster with snakes for hair. To people in Ovid's time, Medusa, not Poseidon, was the one who had done something wrong.

Artists have made statues and paintings of Medusa for thousands of years. Ancient Greeks and other ancient people painted Medusa's face on pots and doors and other things. In Greek art from this time, artists usually painted or carved people looking out to the side. Medusa was almost always carved looking out of the picture toward the viewer. This was so Medusa could scare evil things away. These pictures of Medusa are called Gorgoneions. They are an example of using one evil thing to make other evil things leave, the same way Perseus used Medusa against his other enemies.

Medusa was one of three sisters, the Gorgons. Medusa's sisters were Stheno and Euryale. Medusa was mortal, but her sisters were immortal. They were all children of the sea gods, Phorkys and his sister Keto. Before they were monsters, all three sisters were beautiful young women, Medusa the most; however, she was a priestess in the temple of Athena and was bound by a vow of celibacy.

Any man or animal who looked directly upon her was turned to stone.

The hero Perseus cut off Medusa's head. He snuck up on her by using his shiny shield as a mirror. He put Medusa's head in a special bag and then showed it to his enemies. They turned to stone. Then he gave Medusa's head to the gods. Either Zeus or Athena put her head on the shield called aegis.

Medusa was pregnant by Poseidon at the time of her death. Pegasus, a winged horse, and Chrysaor, a golden giant, sprang from her blood.

Medusa was a subject for ancient vase painters, mosaicists, and sculptors. She appears on the breastplate of Alexander the Great in the Alexander Mosaic at the House of the Faun in Pompeii, Italy (about 200 BC). 

A Roman copy of Phidias' "Medusa" (left) is held in the Glyptothek in Munich, Germany. 

Among the Renaissance depictions are the sculpture "Perseus with the Head of Medusa" by Benvenuto Cellini (1554) and the oil painting "Medusa" by Caravaggio (1597).

Baroque depictions include "Head of Medusa" by Peter Paul Rubens (1618); the marble bust "Medusa" by Bernini (1630s); and "Perseus Turning Phineus and his Followers to Stone", an oil painting by Luca Giordano from the (early 1680s).

Romantic and modern depictions include "Perseus with the Head of Medusa" by Antonio Canova (1801) and "Perseus", a sculpture by Salvador Dalí. Twentieth century artists whno tackled the Medusa theme include Paul Klee, John Singer Sargent, Pablo Picasso, Pierre et Gilles, and Auguste Rodin. The twenty-first century sculpture "Medusa with the Head of Perseus" by Luciano Garbati became part of the #MeToo Movement.

Lilo &amp; Stitch: The Series

Lilo & Stitch: The Series is a Disney Channel animated television series based on the 2002 movie, "Lilo & Stitch". It follows "Stitch! The Movie", which was a pilot to the series. As with the first movie, it stars Daveigh Chase as Lilo Pelekai and Chris Sanders as her alien friend Stitch. In the show, they try to find Stitch's alien cousins and the job each cousin is perfect for.


"Main article: "


Olga Bondarenko

Olga Bondarenko (maiden name Krentser, born 2 June 1960 in Slavgorod, Altai Krai, Russia) is a long-distance runner. Running for the U.S.S.R., she won the 10,000 metre race at the 1988 Summer Olympics, and the 3,000 metre race at the 1986 European Championships. Earlier she had set a world record for the 10,000 m event, at 31 minutes, 13.78 seconds, in Kiev in 1984. Her first world-class gold medal was a first-place finish in the 5,000 m race at the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow. She competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.


Hephaestus

Hephaestus (, "Hēphaistos") is the Greek god of fire, metalworking, craftsmen, sculpture, metallurgy and volcanoes. His parents were Zeus and Hera, Hephaestus was the blacksmith of the gods. He was married to the goddess Aphrodite, who cheated on him with his brother Ares. His symbols were a smith's hammer, an anvil, and a pair of tongs. The donkey was his sacred animal. The god Vulcan is his Roman equivalent.

When Hephaestus was born, he was ugly and weak, with a broken foot. Hera did not like the way he looked and threw him off her castle which was on top of the clouds. Hephaestus fell for one day and one night before falling into the sea. The sea animals rescued him and took him to an island called Lemnos. There Hephaestus built his forge underneath a volcano. He collected precious metals, pearls and pieces of coral to fashion extraordinary jewelry. Hephaestus built little robots of gold to help him get around. Hephaestus even worked with the Cyclopes (one eyed creatures). To impress the gods and goddesses, he made a set of golden thrones for them.

Hera realized her mistake of throwing Hephaestus off Mount Olympus and wanted Hephaestus back. Hephaestus politely refused, saying that he was quite happy where he was. Hephaestus denied her because he knew that the only reason that Hera wanted him back was because he could make her items. He then set to work and fashioned a beautiful golden throne and sent it to Hera as a 'thank you, but not really' gift. Hera felt delighted by his present. The instant she sat on it, golden ropes and chains flew out and tied her into the chair.

Hephaestus was still very angry with Hera because she threw him off Mount Olympus because of his disability. Hera was trapped on the throne three whole days without being able to eat or sleep. Everyone tried to free Hera from the great trap, but Hephaestus’ design was so clever that none of the gods could detach the ropes. So, Zeus sent his son Ares, god of war, to bring Hephaestus back to let Hera loose. Hephaestus made Ares run away by throwing firebrands at him, and Ares made a shameful retreat. Zeus used trickery next and sent Dionysus, the god of wine, to get Hephaestus drunk. Hephaestus was not a regular drinker, and Hephaestus got drunk very quickly. Soon Dionysus was making his proud return to Mount Olympus, with drunk Hephaestus on the back of a mule. Hephaestus still refused to let his mother out. Zeus offered him Aphrodite (the goddess of beauty) as a wife if he let his mother out. Hephaestus agreed to his offer and finally freed Hera. He moved back to the forges because he did not like the busy life of the palace. But he still refused to forgive Hera.

Hera felt very guilty and gave him loads of supplies, materials, tools, and helpers for his workshop. Hephaestus made the best weapons, jewelry, and armor. Some of his greatest creations ever were the silver bows and arrows of Artemis and Apollo as well as Apollo’s golden chariot. He also made the shield of Achilles, Athena's spear, and Hercules' breastplate. In addition to this he made the scepter of Zeus and the battle armor of the Olympian armies. He also made all of the gods and goddesses palaces (with help from Athena) and their unbreakable locks. On top of all this, Hephaestus was and is still credited with the invention of the three-legged stool and the world’s first robots. His helpers included a complete set of life size golden maids who helped around the house.

Hephaestus married Aphrodite. When Aphrodite emerged from the sea (created by the sperm of the severed member of Uranus,) Zeus feared that the gods would battle over her hand in marriage, so Zeus arranged for Aphrodite to marry Hephaestus if he let his mother out of the golden throne. Hephaestus gave Aphrodite his best creations and even gave her a magic girdle that made her irresistible to men. However, Aphrodite did not love him, as she was married against her will and she didn't like Hephaestus' looks. She spent most of her time with Ares.

It is said that when his wife, Aphrodite, does something unfaithful, he smashes some of his materials through rage and makes the volcano he lives under erupt. One time, Hephaestus caught Aphrodite and Ares on a bed while they were making love. Hephaestus, out of rage, trapped them on the bed and sent them to Mount Olympus to be ridiculed and laughed at by the other gods.

Hephaestus was well liked by all of the Olympians. He was not involved in their plots. Hephaestus preferred to be alone in his workshop. Hephaestus was also worshiped by the Greeks because he proved that those who labor are also noble. Hephaestus reminds us of the value and dangers of losing ourselves in work.


Vulcan (mythology)

Vulcan is the god of fire in Roman mythology. His Greek equivalent is the god Hephaestus. He is the son of Jupiter and Juno, and the husband of Venus. In Roman mythology, he was one of the top 12 gods in the heavens - the 12 gods that made up the Dei Consentes, the council of Gods.

Vulcan was born extremely ugly. His mother, Juno, tried to throw him off a cliff, but failed to kill her son. Instead, she put him in a volcano and told him to stay there for most of his young life. Little did she know that her young boy would grow to be a very talented blacksmith for all the gods and goddesses of Olympus.

Vulcan made thrones for the other gods to sit on in Mount Etna. Through his identification with the Hephaestus of Greek mythology, he came to be considered as the manufacturer of art, arms, iron, jewelry and armor for various gods and heroes, including the thunderbolts of Jupiter. He was the son of Jupiter and Juno, and husband of Maia and Venus. His smithy was believed to be underneath Mount Etna in Sicily.

Vulcan had a happy childhood with dolphins as his playmates and pearls as his toys. Late in his childhood, he found the remains of a fisherman's fire on the beach and became fascinated with an unextinguished coal, still red-hot and glowing.

Vulcan carefully shut this precious coal in a clam shell and took it back to his underwater grotto and made a fire with it. On the first day after, Vulcan stared at this fire for hours on end. On the second day, he discovered that when he made the fire hotter with bellows, certain stones sweated iron, silver or gold. On the third day he beat the cooled metal into shapes: bracelets, chains, swords and shields. Vulcan made pearl-handled knives and spoons for his foster mother, he made a silver chariot for himself, and bridles so that seahorses could transport him quickly. He even made slave-girls of gold to wait on him and do his bidding. From then on, Vulcan and Thetis lived like royalty.

Later, Thetis left her underwater grotto to attend a dinner party on Mount Olympus wearing a beautiful necklace of silver and sapphires, which Vulcan had made for her. Juno admired the necklace and asked as to where she could get one. Thetis became flustered causing Juno to become suspicious and, at last, the queen god discovered the truth: the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith.

Juno was furious and demanded that Vulcan return home, a demand that he refused. However he did send Juno a beautifully constructed chair made of silver and gold, inlaid with mother-of-pearl. Juno was delighted with this gift but, as soon as she sat in it her weight triggered hidden springs and metal bands sprung forth to hold her fast. The more she shrieked and struggled the more firmly the mechanical throne gripped her; the chair was a cleverly designed trap.

For three days Juno sat fuming, still trapped in Vulcan's chair, she could not sleep, she could not stretch, she could not eat. It was Jupiter who finally saved the day, he promised that if Vulcan released Juno he would give him a wife, Venus the goddess of love and beauty. Vulcan agreed and married Venus. He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily. It was said that whenever Venus is unfaithful, Vulcan grows angry and beats the red-hot metal with such a force that sparks and smoke rise up from the top of the mountain, to create a volcanic eruption.

According to Virgil, Vulcan was the father of Caeculus.

To punish mankind for stealing the secrets of fire, Jupiter ordered the other gods to make a poisoned gift for man. Vulcan's contribution to the beautiful and foolish Pandora was to mould her from clay and to give her form. He also made the thrones for the other gods on Mount Olympus.

Vulcan's oldest shrine in Rome, called the "Volcanal", was in the Roman Forum. It was said to have been built during the Roman Kingdom by Titus Tatius, the Sabine co-king, in the eighth century BC. The Etruscan haruspices thought a temple of Vulcan should be outside the city, and the Volcanal may originally have been on or outside the city limits before they expanded to include the Capitoline Hill. Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Marius.

The Romans identified Vulcan with the Greek smith-god Hephaestus and he became associated like his Greek counterpart with the use of fire in metalworking. A fragment of a Greek pot showing Hephaestus found at the Volcanal has been dated to the 6th century BC, suggesting they were already associated. However, Vulcan had a stronger association than Hephaestus with fire's destructiveness, and his worshippers wanted to encourage the god to avert harmful fires.

His festival, the Vulcanalia, was celebrated on August 23, when the summer heat made a fire hazard. The people made bonfires, and threw live fish or small animals into the fires as animal sacrifice. Vulcan was among the gods placated after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64. Also because of that fire, Domitian (emperor 81–96) established a new altar to Vulcan on the Quirinal Hill. A red bull-calf and red boar were added to the sacrifices made on the Vulcanalia, at least in that part of town.



Tyche (planet)

Tyche is the nickname given to a possible gas giant planet in the Solar System's Oort cloud. It is one of several proposed planets beyond Neptune. Tyche was first proposed in 1999 by astronomer John Matese of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. 

Matese and Daniel Whitmire say that the points of origin for long-period comets gives a pattern that suggests Tyche's existence. They noted that Tyche, if it exists, should be seen in the archive of data that was collected by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE) Infrared telescope. However, several astronomers disagree that Tyche exists. In 2014 NASA announced that WISE had not found such a planet. 

Tyche is in the Nickelodeon TV show The Fairly OddParents. It is also called "Yugopotamia" and is where the character Mark Chang is from.

Fortuna (mythology)

Fortuna was the goddess of fortune, luck and fate in Roman mythology. Fortuna could bestow good or bad luck onto people. She was sometimes represented veiled and blind. She was a daughter of Jupiter and like him, she could also be bountiful and generous to everybody. 


Demeter

Demeter (Attic Greek: Δημήτηρ, "Dēmḗtēr"; Doric: Δαμάτηρ, "Dāmā́tēr") is the goddess of the harvest and agriculture in ancient Greek religion and myth, one of the Twelve Olympians. The elder sister of Zeus, Demeter presided over grains and the fertility of the earth. She served as the patron goddess of farmers, and was believed to have taught men how to reap and cultivate the harvest. By Zeus, she is the mother of Persephone, the wife of Hades and queen of the underworld. Both she and Persephone were central figures of the Eleusinian Mysteries, a series of festivals held in honor of the two goddesses in the region of Attica. Her symbols were the scythe, cornucopia, wheat, bread and harvest grains, and the pig and snake were her sacred animals. Her Roman equivalent is Ceres.

In Greek Mythology, Demeter's daughter Persephone was kidnapped by Hades, and made her bride. Demeter grieved the loss of her daughter, bringing on a long famine. Eventually an accord was met by which Persephone would spend part of the year underground, and the rest above ground with her mother. This cycle is the Mythological explanation for the seasons. 


Ceres

In Roman religion and myth, Ceres (Latin: "Cerēs") is the goddess of agriculture, especially the growing of grains and cereals, fertility and motherly relationships. The Roman equivalent of Demeter. Ceres was an important deity of the Plebeian or Aventine Triad. She was the mother of Proserpine. Her daughter was married to Pluto, the god of the underworld. At Roman weddings, a boy carried the torch of Ceres to light the way to happiness of the couple. The dwarf planet Ceres is named after her.

Ceres found out the spelt wheat (Latin far), the yoking of oxen and ploughing, the sowing, protection and the young seed, the gift of agriculture to human beings. Before this, man were going here and there without houses or rules. She had the power to fertilize, multiply and make plants bear fruit and animals produce seed. Her rules protected all the activities of the agricultural cycle. In January, Ceres (alongside the earth-goddess Tellus) was offered spelt wheat and a pregnant sow. It was done at the movable Feriae Sementivae. This was almost done before the annual sowing of grain. The divine part of sacrifice was the entrails (exta) put in a clay pot (olla). In villages, Cato the Elder describes the offer to Ceres of a porca praecidanea (a pig, offered before harvesting). Before the harvest, she was offered some grains (praemetium). Ovid tells that Ceres "is content with little, provided that her offerings are casta" (pure).

Ceres' main festival is Cerealia. It was celebrated from middle to late April. It was organised by her plebeian aediles. It included circus games (ludi circenses). It opened with a horse-race in the Circus Maximus. Its starting point was below and opposite to her Aventine Temple. Its turning post was at the far end of the Circus. It was holy to Consus, a god of grain-storage. After the race, foxes were released into the Circus. Their tails were burned with torches. It was done to clean the growing crop plants and protect them from disease. It is also to add warmness and strength to their growth.

Ceres protected plebeian laws, rights and rules. Her Aventine Temple was the plebeian worship place, law place, treasure place and also law-court. Its foundation was almost at the same time with the passage of the Lex Sacrata. During that time, Lex Sacrata made the office and representatives of the Roman people. Tribunes were legally unable to do anything to capture or threaten the lives and wealth of those who broke the rules of Ceres.

Roman mythology

Roman mythology is a huge collection of stories, started in Ancient Rome, about the beginning of the world, and the lives and adventures the many Roman gods, goddesses, and heroes. Each god, each goddess had a cult to take care of their temples or other holy places.

The myths of the Ancient Romans are often called "Greco-Roman". Originally they were similar to the Greek mythology of the Ancient Greeks, and later the Romans added Greek stories for their Roman gods, so they became even more similar.

The gods and goddesses in these stories have lots of magic powers. They can make themselves invisible to humans and move to any place in a very short time. They can change people into animals or animals into people. They have no disease and can only be hurt by very unusual causes. This is called being immortal; they can never die.


List of Roman gods and goddesses

This is a list of Roman gods and goddesses that are in Roman mythology.



Lists of deities

This is a list of deities in different polytheistic religions, cultures and mythologies of the world.


This list includes Etruscan, Greek, Roman, Norse and Meitei versions of similar gods and goddesses. The table is ordered by the Greek god's name.


Ancient history

Ancient history is all the events we know about between the invention of writing and the start of the Middle Ages. 

Writing is one of the greatest inventions of the human species. It was invented after the Neolithic revolution in which people settled in small towns and started agriculture. Writing dates from about 3,300 BC, which is over 5000 years ago, in the Middle East. The first people to use writing were the Sumerians and the Ancient Egyptians.

Before writing, the only things we have are the tools and monuments made by earlier people. This is studied by archaeology rather than history. The period of ancient history ends with the early Middle Ages.

Finding facts about ancient history is difficult because people wrote less in those times: only scribes could write. Most of what they did write has been lost. There were very few copies made because there was no printing. What people wrote they wrote by hand. More people could read and write in Ancient Rome than in other places but much of what they wrote is now lost. 

Archaeology is looking at things that were made or used in the past to learn about that time. Things like clay pots, solid tools, and metal weapons often exist at the same time. Things like paper, wood, and cloth can be easily broken, burnt or damaged.

Some ancient things found using archaeology are:

Primary sources are written by people who lived in ancient times. They tell us most of what we know about ancient history. But people in ancient history may have believed different things from each other. They may also be wrong.

Some famous people who wrote ancient history are:
Herodotus, Josephus, Livy, Polybius, Suetonius, Tacitus, Thucydides and Sima Qian.










Andrzej Sapkowski

Andrzej Sapkowski (born June 21, 1948 in Łódź) is a Polish fantasy writer. His best known work is The Witcher ("Wiedźmin") Saga (takes place in a fictional universe). Before starting his career in the late 1980s, he worked in foreign trade.

Staten Island

Staten Island is a borough of New York City. Fewer than half a million people live there, the smallest population of any of the five boroughs. Three bridges connect Staten Island to New Jersey, and the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge connects to Brooklyn. A passenger railroad runs along the south shore to the northeast end of the island, which is called Saint George. The borough has the same boundaries as the county Richmond County.

The free Staten Island Ferry carries 21 million passengers each year the five miles (eight km) across New York Harbor between Saint George and Manhattan. Nine ferry boats provide the service which began in 1817.

When England took control of New Netherland in the Second Anglo-Dutch War in the 17th century and split it into New York and New Jersey, Staten Island became part of New York.


Borough

A borough is an administrative division in many countries. It is a kind of local government. 

The term borough can means a self-governing township. 

In medieval times, boroughs were settlements with some self-government. Boroughs were particularly common in England, Germany and Scotland. In medieval England, boroughs had also the right to elect members of parliament. ("The Borough" in Southwark, London is thought to have been the original 'borough' of which all others come from.)

Usually a borough is a single town with its own local government. 
But in some cities it is a sub-division of the city (e.g. London, New York City, Toronto, Montreal). In such cases the borough will normally have either limited powers delegated to it by the city's local government or no powers at all. At certain times London has had no overall city government and London boroughs were the main unit of local government for Londoners. 

In other places, such as Alaska, a borough does not mean a single township, but a whole region - in other words, it is similar to a county. In Australia borough can mean a town and its surrounding area, e.g. the Borough of Queenscliffe. Boroughs exist in United Kingdom, more specifically in England and Northern Ireland, in the Canadian province of Quebec, in several U.S. states, in Israel, and formerly they also existed in New Zealand. 

At the end of a word, -borough (or -brough) is found in the name of many towns and cities in England; in southern England it is usually spelt -bury. The suffix -bury is also used in the New England region of the United States, while -burg (or -burgh) is more common in Scotland and the American South and West.

Echo (mythology)

Echo was a nymph in Greek mythology, and an Oread (a mountain nymph). She was very beautiful, but loved her own voice.

According to "Ovid", Echo once had the job of distracting Hera from Zeus having relationships with other women. She did this by leading Hera away and flattering her. When Hera found out she was very angry with Echo. She put a curse on her that meant that she could only speak the last words of other people after she had heard them. It is due to this story that we get the meaning behind the word "echo".

After she was cursed, Echo fell in love with Narcissus. Narcissus was very handsome and anybody who saw him always fell in love with him. However, Narcissus had no heart and could not fall in love with anybody. Echo could not speak to Narcissus but wanted to be able to see him. She therefore followed him everywhere, but made sure that he could not see her.

Narcissus got lost and called out ""Is anyone here?"". Echo said back ""Here, here, here."" Narcissus then asked Echo to come out of her hiding place. Echo did so and then told Narcissus that she loved him by hand movements. Narcissus, who was angry that so many people loved him, told Echo that he did not love her.

Echo was very upset and prayed to Aphrodite for death. Aphrodite granted Echo's wish, but she liked Echo's voice so much she kept it alive.

Narcissus also rejected Echo and broke her heart. She then went and haunted valleys and mountainous areas where echoes are able to be heard in all hollow places of the earth.

This is a different story about Echo's death. Echo was a talented dancer and singer, but did not like the love of any man. This caused another god, called Pan, to become angry. He had Echo killed and split into pieces. These pieces were spread about the world, but were collected up by Gaia. Echo's voice was not collected, so it remains all over the world and still says the last words that other people have said. In some versions of the story, Echo and Pan have a child who was called Iambe.

Helios

Helios (, "Hēlios"; Ἠέλιος in Homeric Greek) is the god of the Sun in Greek mythology. He is often thought to be the personification of the Sun itself. He is the son of the Titans Hyperion and Theia. He is the brother of Selene, goddess of the Moon, and Eos, goddess of the dawn. During the Hellenistic period, particularly the 3rd Century BCE, he became more and more identified with Apollo, the god of light, music and prophecy. Helios' equivalent in Roman mythology was Sol. 

Bia

Bia is the goddess of force in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Styx and Pallas, and also the sister of Nike, Cratos, and Zelus. She and her brothers and sister were the friends of Zeus and were always with him. 

Zelus

Zelus (, "zeal") is the god of dedication and emulation in Greek mythology. He is the son of Styx and Pallas, and also the brother of Nike, Cratos, and Bia. He and his brothers and sister were the friends of Zeus and were always with him. He was a constant companion of Zeus and personified zeal.


Mnemosyne

Mnemosyne is the Titan of memory in Greek mythology. Her parents are Gaia and Uranos. With Zeus her children are the nine Muses. Her patron symbol is a mask and she is often seen wearing one. Her patron animal is the partridge.

Harmonia

Harmonia (; ) is the goddess of peace and agreement in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite. She is the opposite of Eris, goddess of disagreement. Her Roman equivalent is Concordia.

Harmonia is the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite. Her children are Ino, Polydorus, Autonoe, Agaue and Semele with Kadmos. As goddess of peace, she is the opposite of Eris, the goddess of disagreement.

Harmonia met Cadmus on a journey to Samothrace. He took her away with the help of Athena. When Cadmus wanted to leave Thebes, Harmonia followed him. When they came to the Enchelii, they helped them in their war against the Illyrians. They won over the enemy. Cadmus then became king of the Illyrians. But unfortunately, later he was turned into a snake. Harmonia was sad. She coloured herself with stripes. She asked Cadmus to come to her. As she was hugged by the snake Cadmus in wine, the gods then turned her into a snake. She was unable to stand in her snake form.

Harmonia is known for a dangerous necklace she had on her wedding day. When Athena made Cadmus the king of Thebes, Zeus gave him Harmonia. All the gods attended the wedding. Cadmus gave the bride with a cloth and the necklace. The necklace was made by Hephaestus. This necklace is commonly known as the necklace of Harmonia. It brought misfortune to all who had it. Other stories said that Harmonia took this necklace (ὅρμος) from some of the gods. It might be either from Aphrodite or Athena.

Polynices took the necklace. They gave it to Eriphyle. She asked her husband, Amphiaraus, to attack against Thebes. Through Alcmaeon, the son of Eriphyle, the necklace came into the hands of Arsinoe (named Alphesiboea in some stories). Then, the sons of Phegeus, Pronous and Agenor, took it. Lastly, the sons of Alcmaeon, Amphoterus and Acarnan, kept it in the temple of Athena Pronoea at Delphi. The necklace had brought bad luck to all who had took it. It continued to do so even after it was kept at Delphi. Phayllus stole it from the temple to make his lover happy. His lover was the wife of Ariston. She wore it for a time. Then, her youngest son became mad. He set fire to the house. In the fire, she died and all her treasures were burned.

Hyginus has another story. According to him, the thing which brought bad luck to the children of Harmonia is not a necklace. But it is a cloth given to Harmonia by Hepheastus and Hera. The necklace gave peace and had Harmonia's powers in it.


President pro tempore of the United States Senate

The president "pro tempore" ( or ), or president pro tem, of the United States Senate is the longest serving senator from the majority political party in the United States Senate. According to the Constitution, this is the fourth highest office in the United States. It is the third in the U.S. presidential line of succession (behind the vice president and the speaker of the House). Many state senates also use the office of President pro tem.

Officially the vice president is the person in charge of the Senate, but they are not a Senator. Patty Murray (D-WA) is the president pro tempore, the first woman to hold this position. When the vice president cannot be in charge, the president pro tempore is in charge of the Senate. Many people still think of the president pro tempore as "de facto" president of the Senate. Benjamin Wade was only one vote away from becoming the president of the United States due to the impeachment of Andrew Johnson. No president pro tempore has taken over the presidency as of March 2020.

Probably the most famous presidents pro tempore were John Langdon (first in this office), David Rice Atchison (D-MO), Benjamin Wade (R-OH), Arthur Vandenberg (R-MI), Carl Hayden (D-AZ) Richard Russell, Jr. (D-GA), Strom Thurmond (R-SC), Robert Byrd (D-WV), Daniel Inouye (D-HI), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Patrick Leahy (D-VT).

When Senator Hubert Humphrey, a former vice president, was seriously ill, the Senate showed its respect for him by creating the office of Deputy President Pro tempore for any former president or vice president who is elected to the Senate. No vice president since Humphrey has done this.

Since 2001, the honorary title of president pro tempore emeritus has been given to a Senator of the minority party who has previously served as president pro tempore. The position has been held by:


David Tennant

David John Tennant (né McDonald; 18 April 1971) is a Scottish actor. He is known for portraying the Tenth Doctor on "Doctor Who" from 2005 to 2010, Giacomo Casanova in the television series "Casanova, and as Crowley in the television adaptation of the book Good Omens."

In 2011, Tennant had a daughter with Georgia Moffett. Later that year, he adopted Moffett's son. The couple married in December 2011. In May 2013, the couple had a son. In November 2015, the couple had a daughter.


American Broadcasting Company

The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) is an American television network. Along with CBS, NBC and Fox, it is one of the country's four major television networks. The network is owned by The Walt Disney Company following the acquisition of Disney Channel's consumer business.



Fox Broadcasting Company

Fox (styled as FOX) is an American television network. It is owned by . 





ABC

ABC are the first three letters in the Latin alphabet.




Papua New Guinea

Papua New Guinea is an island country located on the Pacific Ocean. It is the east half of New Guinea island, plus some nearby islands. The capital city of Papua New Guinea is Port Moresby. The population of Papua New Guinea are mostly the Indigenous peoples of the island.

The island is in both Australasia and Oceania, which are two different terms for the continent of islands in the Pacific area. It borders Indonesia to the west and near Australia to the south.

Papua New Guinea has more languages than any other country.

Long ago, around 42,000 to 45,000 years ago, people came to Papua New Guinea. They were related to people who left Africa a long time ago and moved to other parts of the world. A study in 2016 found that it was about 50,000 years ago that these people came to a big land called Sahul, which is Australia and New Guinea combined. About 10,000 years ago, the sea level rose and New Guinea became an island. But even before that, the people in Australia and Papua New Guinea became different from each other about 37,000 years ago. Scientists found out that the ancestors of Papuans mixed with another group of people called Denisovans when they were in Asia a long time ago. They share 4% to 7% of their genes with these ancient people.

Around 9,000 years ago, people in New Guinea started growing their own plants and farming. This was one of the few places in the world where people did this without learning it from others. Later, around 2,500 years ago, some people who spoke Austronesian languages moved to the coasts of New Guinea. They brought new things like pottery, pigs, and fishing methods with them.

In the 18th century, traders brought a new kind of food called sweet potato to New Guinea. It was from South America and introduced by Portuguese traders to the Moluccas. People in New Guinea liked it and it became a popular food. Sweet potato gardens produced more crops than the traditional taro, and this helped societies grow and become more prosperous.

Papua New Guinea is divided into four regions. These regions are important for government, commercial, sporting and other activities.

The nation has 20 province-level divisions: eighteen, the Autonomous Region of Bougainville and the National Capital District. Each province is divided into one or more districts. The districts are divided into one or more Local Level Government areas.

The province-level divisions are as follows:
Parliament has approved two additional provinces by 2012: Hela Province, which will be part of the current Southern Highlands Province, and Jiwaka Province, which will be formed by dividing Western Highlands Province.

In Morobe (#11 on the map) there is a goldfield.


Strom Thurmond

James Strom Thurmond Sr. (December 5, 1902 – June 26, 2003) was an American politician. He was the oldest serving member of the United States Senate to date and the only senator to reach 100 while in office. He was also Governor of his home state South Carolina and a Presidential candidate. He was a lawyer.

Thurmond spent more than 70 years of his life in public service. Before World War II he served as state senator and judge. During war he served in the US Army in Europe and briefly in Asia. In 1959 he was promoted to the rank of major general.

Thurmond was born on December 5, 1902 in Edgefield, South Carolina. His family used to own slaves, including ancestors of Al Sharpton. He studied at Clemson Agricultural College of South Carolina. Thurmond graduated in 1923. He was married to Jean Crouch from 1947 until they divorced in 1960. Then he was married to Nancy Moore from 1968 until his death in 2003. He had five children.

From 1947 to 1951 he served as Governor of South Carolina (as a Democrat). During 1948 U.S. Presidential Election he became the presidential candidate of the Democratic Party faction called "Dixiecrat" (States Rights Democrat, mostly from the South) - people who supported racial segregation and opposed civil rights laws. Thurmond and his vice presidential candidate, Mississippi Governor Fielding Lewis Wright finished the race in 3rd (behind Harry Truman and Thomas E. Dewey) with 39 electoral votes and they carried 4 states (Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi and, of course, Thurmond's home state).

In 1957, he filibustered (delayed) the 1957 civil rights act for 24 hours. Despite the long hours, he failed and the bill passed.

He was elected, as first write-in candidate for major national office, to the Senate in 1954. He was reelected for his first full term in 1956 and served until January 2003. He was originally a Democrat, but in 1964 he openly supported Barry Goldwater's presidential bid and became a Republican.

As the longest serving Republican he was President pro tempore of the United States Senate for three occasions (1981-1987, 1995-2001, and January 2001-June 2001), when Republican gained a majority. After Democrats took over the control of the Senate in June 2001 Thurmond became first honorary "president pro tempore emeritus".

Thurmond turned 100 years old on December 5, 2002, while still in office, the oldest person ever to serve in the U.S. Senate.

Started his career as opponent of racial integration, in his later years Thurmond supported desegregation.

His longtime Senate rival, Robert Byrd of West Virginia surpassed Thurmond's record of length of senatorial service in 2006. Byrd died in 2010.

After Thurmond's death in 2003, an attorney for his family confirmed that in 1925, when he was 22, Thurmond fathered a mixed-race daughter, Essie Mae Washington-Williams, with his family's housekeeper, Cassie Butler, then 16 years old. Thurmond paid for the girl's college education and provided other support. Washington-Williams died in February 2013 at the age of 87.

Thurmond died in his sleep on June 26, 2003, at 9:45 p.m. of heart failure at a hospital in Edgefield, South Carolina. He was 100 years old. Then-Senator Joe Biden delivered a eulogy, and later to the family burial plot in Willowbrook Cemetery in Edgefield, where he was buried.




Roman Forum

The Roman Forum is an area of the city of Rome which the ancient city developed around. It is the place where commerce, business, cult, and the administration of justice took place. 

It was for centuries the centre of Roman public life. It was the site of triumphal processions and elections; the venue for public speeches, criminal trials, and gladiatorial matches. It was also the heart of commerce. Here statues and monuments mark the city's great men. It has been called the most celebrated meeting place in the world, and in all history. 

The Forum is in the small valley between the Palatine and Capitoline Hills. Today it is a sprawling ruin of architectural fragments and excavations. It has 4.5 million sightseers each year.

The Roman Forum is famous for the number of buildings and other ancient ruins that it contains. These include:

Playwright

A playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage. Because the name of such a text is "drama", another word for this person is dramatist. Sometimes, dramas are written to be read and not played. In that case, they are called "closet dramas".

The word "wright" does not come from write. It is an ancient English term for a builder. For example, a "wheelwright" makes wheels. In a similar way, a playwright makes plays. When the term was first used, it was meant as an insult. Today it has lost this meaning.

The first playwrights in Western literature whose plays still exist were the Ancient Greeks. They were written around the 5th century BC. These playwrights are important as they wrote in a way that is still used by modern playwrights. Important among them are Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, and Aristophanes.

The most famous playwright may be William Shakespeare. A lot of later work is based on his tragedies and comedies. For example, "Kiss Me, Kate" is based on Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew", and his "Romeo and Juliet" has been made again many times. Tom Stoppard created the play "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" in 1966 which is a modern adaptation of "Hamlet".

Modern playwrights are usually less famous than past playwrights. Since television and movies were invented, theater has become less popular. Because it is less popular, not as many tickets are sold now, and producers often do not have enough money to make plays, and many playwrights are not known.

Iambe

Iambe was the goddess of rhyme and merriment in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Pan and Echo.

Iambe is said to have created the iambic pentameter verse pattern in poetry. This is a metered verse with two different sounds, and it was named after Iambe. The iambic pentameter verse is used by many poets, one of which is William Shakespeare.

In the myth, Demeter, was sad about losing her daughter, Persephone. It was only Iambe who was able to make Demeter laugh. She did this by using poetry and wit to cheer Demeter up. When Demeter was not sad any more, the earth became fertile again. Iambe then became Demeter's first priestess.

Triangle (musical instrument)

The triangle is a musical instrument with three sides and curved corners. There is always one corner where the sides do not join. This makes it possible for the instrument to vibrate.

The player holds a small piece of string or leather from which the triangle is hanging, and he makes a sound by hitting the triangle with a triangle beater. In orchestras, where the percussionist may be playing several percussion instruments, the triangle may hang from a stand so that the player can move quickly to another instrument.

Triangles come in different sizes. Smaller ones will sound higher than larger ones.

The triangle can always be heard clearly above the sound of the orchestra or band.

Speaker

Speaker could mean:


Bernie Little

Bernie Little ("born" in McComb, Ohio on circa 1926 - "died" April 25, 2003) was the most successful owner in Unlimited Hydroplane racing history. His "Miss Budweiser" team won 134 of the 354 hydroplane races they entered. They won the high points championship 22 years in 40 years of competition, and the Gold Cup 14 times.

Little's team is also known for making an enclosed driver's seat to improve driver safety, after driver Dean Chenoweth was killed in a crash during a race in 1982.

His team employed some of the biggest names in their field, including designer Ron Jones, and driver Chip Hanauer who won more Gold Cup races than any other driver. He is second only to Bill Muncey in total races won.

Little has been inducted into the Unlimited Hydroplane Hall of Fame, the Florida Sports Hall of Fame, and the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America. Chenoweth, Hanauer, and another driver for Little, Tom D'Eath, are also in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America.


Perseus

Perseus () is a hero in Greek mythology. He is the legendary founder of Mycenae and is most famous for killing the Gorgon Medusa. He is a demigod, the son of Zeus and the mortal princess Danaë. With his wife, the Ethiopian princess Andromeda, his children are the sons Perses, Alkaios, Sthenelos, Elektryon, and the daughter Gorgophone. Perseus is also the great-grandfather of Herakles, as well as his half-brother.

King Akrisios of Argos was told by an oracle that he would be killed by his grandchild. Because of that he put his daughter Danaë in a tower where no one was allowed to enter, so she could not have a child. But the god Zeus could enter in the form of a golden rain, and with him her child was Perseus.

Akrisios then put Danaë and her baby Perseus in a box and threw it into the sea. But Zeus tells the sea-god Poseidon to help them, and so Danaë and her son come to the island Seriphos. There they are found by Diktys, who lets them live with him.

A long time after that, the grown up Perseus takes part in some funeral games. During the games Perseus throws a discus, which accidentally hits Akrisios. Akrisios is killed by it: he was killed by his grandchild, like the oracle's prophecy said.

Perseus was sent to retreive Medusa's head by King Polydectes, who wanted him dead so he could marry his mother. To do this, he was advised by Athena to seek the Gray sisters, who told him how to fight Medusa when he stole their eye. Hermes lent Perseus winged sandals, Hades lent him his helm of darkness (which makes the wearer invisible), and Athena lent him a shield which he could see Medusa's reflection in, since whoever looked her in the eye would turn to stone. With all these magic items, Perseus was able to cut off Medusa's head. On the way back home, he fights a sea monster to save Andromeda, who is chained to a cliff as a sacrifice, and marries her.

Niccolò Paganini

Niccolò Paganini (27 October 1782 – 27 May 1840) was an Italian composer and violin player. He is believed to be one of the greatest violinists who ever lived. He is known for 24 Caprices for Solo Violin and his La Campanella.

Paganini was born October 27, 1782 in Genoa (in modern Italy). He started the violin at age seven and took private lessons from local violinists. Paganini repeatedly outperformed his teachers such that he always had to search for new ones. He would pick up the guitar, but rarely played the guitar in public. He would start giving concerts around Italy around 1800. For many years, Paganini performed primarily in regions surrounding his hometown.

In 1813, he performed at the La Scala in Milan and gained more attention beyond local regions. He receives Order of the Golden Spur from Pope Leo VII in 1827. Between 1828 and 1831 he toured cities in present-day Germany, Poland and Czech Republic and many other large cities across Europe. This tour spread his fame beyond Italy.

Paganini was the perfect virtuoso during his time although many other violinists slowly approach and some appear to be as virtuosic as him too. He was said to be a show off during his time and many wanted to challenge his violin skills. Paganini once broke all of the strings on his violin except the G-string and played a piece just on one string to show how good he was. He intonated the violin in a different way to sound different. He was the master of violin technique and invented many new techniques such as ricochet bowing, flying staccato, and left hand pizzicato.

He met and became friends with Gioachino Rossini and Hector Berlioz. Paganini was also good friends with Franz Liszt, a similarly magnificent virtuoso. Liszt admired Paganini. In his teenage years he watched Paganini playing, and determined to be a virtuoso as Paganini in piano.

Despite his success, Paganini was frequently sick and the concert tours did not help his health. In 1834, he gave up his concert tours. He would later be employed by Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma, former Empress of the French and be in charge of the court orchestra. He tried to open a Casino in Paris, but failed. He died from internal hemorrhaging in 1840 in Nice, France.

Paganini played violins by Giuseppe Guarneri. One was called "Il Cannone Guarnerius" ("The Cannon of Guarnieri"). Other violins and instruments connected to him include Stradivari. They include the "Paganini-Desaint" 1680 Stradivari, the "Le Brun" 1712 Stradivari, the "Hubay" 1726 Stradivari, the "Mendelssohn" 1731 Stradivari violas and the "Ladenburg" 1736 Stradivari cellos. Other Italian instrument names connected to him are Amati, Goffriller and Bertolotti.

He primarily wrote for violin which he then performed. His most famous work is 24 Caprices for Solo Violin, Op. 1. They are études dealing with different violin skills. Other notable works by Paganini include Violin Concertos No. 1 & 2, "Moses Fantasy", "Centone di Sonate", Vol. 1, "Le Streghe, Op. 8, Caprice d’Adieu, Op. 68, Ghiribizzi, Variations on ‘God Save the King’, Op. 9 and Moto Perpetuo."


Samer Kamal

Samer Kamal is a Jordanian athlete. He won the bronze medal in Taekwondo (a form of martial arts) in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. He was the first Jordanian athlete to get a medal for Jordan in the Olympics in Seoul. This gave many Jordanians pride in this achievement during the 1980s.

Samer Kamal holds 9th Dan Chung Do Kawan in 2017 and 9th Dan Kukkiwon Black Belt in Taekwondo in 2022 a 1st Class international referee since 1997 and an international trainer since 1990. He was given the Independence Badge of Honor (4th Degree) by His Majesty the late King Hussein Ben Talal in 1988 and was chosen seventh best Jordanian athlete for the century in 1999.

Samer pursued his undergraduate higher education in Business Administration and Philosophy from the University of Jordan. He then received a graduate degree in Management Science from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland.

• 1st Class World Taekwondo Federation International Referee since 1999
• WTF International Referee since 1989
• Chairman of the Arab Referee Committee from the year 1997 until 1999
• Chairman of the Jordanian Referee Committee for the years 91,92,94,96, and 97

Samer began his sports career as a marketing manager at a Jordanian-based sports marketing company. He took the experience he gained there to Qatar where he became a general manager. He was responsible for the starting a sports marketing company with the purpose of promoting sports in Jordan and the region. Soon after, Samer decided to start his own sports marketing company “SportUp Jordan” to promote local athletes. Within a year, he was able to get sponsors for champion Jordanian athletes. He started the largest and only bilingual online sports business. He made an attractive product that was acquired by Maktoob Inc., an Arabic internet service provider.

His sports experience let him expand internationally. Samer was named the director of business development at Right To Play in Canada, that uses sport programs to help children who live in poverty and disadvantage communities to play sports and games. He helped raise funds to the organization.

Staying active in Taekwondo, Samer opened Champions Taekwondo Center in the year 1990, his first Taekwondo school in Jordan.

The year 2012 was the year Samer has gotten his 8th Dan Black Belt in Taekwondo. 2012 also marked the opening of Champions Martial Arts Taekwondo Center in Mississauga, Canada. A few years after, another 3 branches were open Mississauga, Oakville and Stoney Creek, Canada.

With all his experiences, discipline, leadership and practice, today Samer has help developed Taekwondo and martial arts in the world and has promoted more than 2000 black belt students worldwide. 

Other than at work, Samer is active in many sports communities. In 2009, he was named an executive board member of the World Olympians Association (WOA). In November 2011, Samer become president of Asian Olympians Association (AOA).

Samer is currently the president of the Arab Canadian Sports Association (ACSA)

Samer Kamal competed in the following International Taekwondo Championships:

Violet (plant)

The violet is a genus of flowering plants. The common blue violet ("Viola sororia") is the state flower of the U.S. state of Illinois. There is also a famous poem that refers to violets. It goes "Roses are red, violets are blue", and then the poet adds his or her own lines to it. It is also February's birth flower.

Some "Viola" species are perennial plants, some are annual plants, and a few are small shrubs. Many species, varieties and cultivars are grown in gardens for their flowers. 

In horticulture, the term pansy is used for the multi-coloured cultivars often used in bedding by professional gardeners. The terms 'viola' and 'violet' are normally used for small-flowered annuals or perennials, and the wild species.

Winnie the Pooh

Winnie the Pooh, also called Pooh Bear, is a fictional anthropomorphic teddy bear. He was created by A. A. Milne. He is based on a stuffed toy that belonged to Milne's son, Christopher Robin Milne. The toy was named after "Winnipeg" ("Winnie" for short), who was a black bear at the London Zoo, and "Pooh", which was a nickname Milne and his son had given to a swan. The first book was published in 1926. Other books were published later. Walt Disney made a series of cartoons based on the books. The Walt Disney Company still owns the character.

Pooh is a small yellow bear. He is nearly tall. He wears an old red t-shirt. His favorite food is honey. The first thing he says when he gets up in the morning is "What's for breakfast?". He invented the game "Poohsticks".
Pooh has several friends. Their names are Piglet, Eeyore, Tigger, Rabbit, Kanga and Roo, Owl, Gopher, and Christopher Robin. Piglet is a small timid pig. Eeyore is an old grey donkey. Tigger is an energetic tiger. Rabbit is a kind-hearted rabbit. Kanga is a female kangaroo. Roo is Kanga's son.

The first book, "Winnie-the-Pooh", was published on October 15, 1926 by Methuen & Company. The second book was "The House at Pooh Corner", which was published on October 11, 1928. The poetry book "When We Were Very Young" was published in 1924 and "Now We Are Six" was published in 1927. "Return to Hundred Acre Wood" was written by David Benedictus and published on October 5, 2009. "" was published in 2016 to mark the 90th anniversary of the first Winnie-the-Pooh book.

There have been quite a few series created by Walt Disney based on these books. The stories are translated into many languages.

A Disney movie about Pooh, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", was made in March 1977. "Winnie the Pooh" was made in July 2011. A live-action movie directed by Marc Forster and based on A. A. Milne's books, entitled "Christopher Robin", was released in 2018. An Horror Film made By Rhys Frake-Waterfield titled "" Premiered on February 15,2023.

960s

The 960s was a decade that started on 1 January 960 and ended on 31 December 969.





























Aleksander Kwasniewski

Aleksander Kwaśniewski (; born 15 November 1954) is a Polish politician. He served as President for two terms (1995-2000 and 2000-2005). He was, before being elected first time, member of the Democratic Left Alliance, but after assumed duties he became an independent. Before 1989 he was a member of Polish United Workers Party (communist). He was preceded by Lech Wałęsa and succeeded by Lech Kaczyński.

He was born in Białogard in Northwest Poland. Before became a politician, he was a journalist. Before became president, he was minister and deputy to the Sejm. In the late 1980s, he participated in the Polish Round Table Agreement.

In 1995 election, he won in the second round, but five years later he won in the first round.


Viola sororia

Viola sororia, also known as Viola papilionacea, common blue violet, common meadow violet, and purple violet is a species of violet. It is a perennial flowering plant that lives in most of eastern North America.

The common blue violet is the state flower of the U.S. states of Rhode Island, Illinois, and New Jersey.

In developed areas it is often said to be a weed because it grows well in lawns.


NAND gate

A NAND gate is a logic gate used to build digital logic circuits.
It is a combination of an AND and NOT gate.
The name refers to this.
The NAND gate is a “universal gate”, that means all other types of logic gates can be obtained by wiring exclusively one or more NAND gates in a particular manner.

Given two inputs, A and B, A NAND B will be true if at most one of A and B is true.
In other words, A NAND B is false if both A and B are true, and true otherwise. 

There are three symbols for drawing NAND gates in electrical circuit schematics:
the "distinctive shape" symbol, the “military” symbol, and the “rectangular” symbol.
For more information see logic gate symbols.

Since a NAND gate is a universal gate, microprocessors can be built using this type of gate only.
For example:

Under the Rainbow

Under the Rainbow is a 1981 comedy movie starring Chevy Chase, Carrie Fisher, Eve Arden, and Billy Barty.

The plot is loosely based on the gathering of little people in a Hollywood hotel, to audition for roles as "munchkins" in the movie "The Wizard of Oz". The movie also has nobility, assassins, spies, and tourists.

The movie was nominated for Razzie Awards for Worst Musical Score and Worst Supporting Actor (Billy Barty).

Gillidanda

Gilli "िगल्ली" -danda "डन्डा" is a game played by children in South Asia. It is usually played by using a small round stick, about as long as a baseball or cricket bat. This is the "danda". There is another smaller stick, round in the middle and tapering towards the ends. This is the "gilli". The game gilli-danda is similar to cricket. It is also believed to be the origin of cricket.
This game is also know as "Viti Dandu", "Kitti Pul" and by other variations as well. It is a sport originated from the Indian subcontinent and is also played in the rural areas as well as in small towns over southern Asia, Cambodia, Turkey, South Africa, Italy, Poland and in some Caribbean Islands like Cuba.
To play the game, one team uses the "danda" to hit one of the tapered ends of the "gilli" with force. This causes the "gilli" to flip through the air. While the "gilli" is airborne, the opposing team's hitter attempts to smack it like one would as if playing cricket. The one who hits the "gilli" the farthest will wins. It is played with two teams. One side pitches the "gilli" using the big "danda" (not the bare hands), to the other team's hitter. The hitter, using his "danda" then hits the "gilli". In the course of the play, if the "gilli" is caught, then those players who pitched with the big "danda" to the hitter, are out of the game.If the gilli falls on the ground the fielder closest to the gilli gets an opportunity to make the hitter out.He has to throw the gilli towards the danda if the danda is been hit by the gilli it means the striker is out if not then the fielder gains 1 point.When the striker gains 1 point he will get 3 tries to hit the danda if the gilli still doesn't hit the danda the striker is out.If he is successful,the 1 point which he gained will continue.At the end who has the maximum points wins the game.It was most popularly played around 1970 to 1980 throughout India and Pakistan and is played to this day.

Southern United States

The Southern United States (also known as the Southern States or The South among Americans) is a term for the Southeastern part of the United States. All Confederate states were in the South, but not all Southern states joined the Confederacy; those that did not join were called border states. The States farthest to the south are called the "Deep South". Even though Arizona, New Mexico and southern California are geographically southern parts of United States, they are usually classified as the Southwestern United States and not the South (the climate, culture and ethnic makeup of the Southwest are also different from the South).

Most of the South is a land of long, hot summers. Winters are mostly short and cool. There is much rainfall. This combination gives the South a long growing season. Important crops include cotton, tobacco, peanuts, and peaches.

The cuisine of the Southern United States is distinct from other regions.

As defined by the United States Census Bureau, the states that make up "The South" are:

The border state Missouri is also sometimes considered Southern, although the Census classifies it as a Midwestern state.

Except for Florida and Texas, most of the South did not have as many immigrants arriving from other countries as the rest of the United States did, in the late 19th and 20th centuries. Most of the people in the South are of English, Scottish, or Irish ancestry, or the descendants of African-American slaves. Some Southerners identify themselves as being of "American" ancestry.

Hick

A hick is a term for an American stereotype, which is also used in Canada to a lesser degree. It is a term for people who live in rural areas, especially on farms and ranches and is usually meant as an insult and considered offensive to most people. It is mostly used to describe people in the south-central United States, including Texas, Missouri, Arkansas, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Tennessee, Kentucky, Kansas, Iowa, and Nebraska.

Other forms of the word 'hick' are 'redneck', 'yokel', 'hillbilly', and 'hayseed'. 

Greenhouse gas

Greenhouse gas reflects radiation that the Earth emits, preventing it from escaping into space. This occurrence is known as the "greenhouse effect".

Many greenhouse gases are natural, with water vapor being the most common and responsible for most of the greenhouse effect on Earth. Other significant greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, chlorofluorocarbon (CFCs) and ozone. 

Without greenhouse gases, life as we know it on earth would likely not be possible as heat is essential for sustaining life. Natural emissions of greenhouse gases vary, and events like massive volcanic eruptions such as those which created Siberian Traps around a quarter billion years ago, might have released enough gases to contribute to the Permian–Triassic extinction which caused to destructive effects on life on earth. 

However, humans are introducing additional greenhouse gases to the atmosphere, leading to an enhanced greenhouse effect and increase in the planet's average temperature.The most significant greenhouse gas that contributed by humans is carbon dioxide, currently composing approximately 0.04% of the atmosphere. Human activities like burning fossil fuel such as oil, coal and natural gas for transportation, energy production and industrial processes are the main sources of carbon dioxide emission. The major contributor to these emissions is the industrial sector. The Food and Agriculture Organization has reported that emissions associated with livestock, contribute to 7.1 gigatons (GT) of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO-eq) per year, accounting for 14.5% of all human-caused greenhouse emissions. This exceeds the 13% that contributed by global transportation (including cars and planes) each year.

Water vapor is the most abundant greenhouse gas, and it responds to climate changes. When the atmosphere is warm, it holds more water vapor, which increase the probability of cloud formation and precipitation. 

In addition to burning fossil fuels, human activities also reduce the earth's capacity to absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by deforestation. Methane emission is also increase due to the activities like raising cattle and other farm animals, including as geese, turkeys, pigs, chickens, and sheep. Scientists have shown that producing 1 kg of beef generated more CO emissions than a three-hour drive with all household lights on. Further, human activity introduces water vapor to the atmosphere through increased evaporation from cooling towers in thermal cycle power plants and creation of artificial lakes which contributes to the global warming.


Omaha hold'em

Omaha Hold 'Em is a poker game, similar to Texas Hold 'Em. In Omaha, each player is given four cards. Then there is a round of betting. Then three community cards are placed on the table. Another round of betting is after that. Then a fourth community card is put down. After this, there is another round of betting. Then there is the final community card put down, there is a last round of betting, and each player uses exactly two cards from the hand and three from the table to form a five-card poker hand. Whoever has the best hand wins all the money put in the middle during betting.

Omaha can also be played as Omaha Hi Lo, where the best hand and the lowest hand splits the pot.
The low hand's cards have to be 8 or lower .


Leverkusen

Leverkusen (Low Franconian: "Leverkuuse") is a city near Cologne at the river Rhine in Germany. As of October 2005, about 162,000 people lived there.


Tocotronic

Tocotronic is a German indie rock band. They were founded in 1993 in Hamburg.

Bolesław Prus

Bolesław Prus () (20 August 1847 – 19 May 1912), real name Aleksander Głowacki, was a Polish writer.

He was born in Hrubieszów and died in Warsaw. As a 15-year-old high-school student, he fought in Poland's January 1863 Uprising.

Prus is best known for his novels, "Lalka" (The Doll) and the historical novel "Faraon" (Pharaoh). He also wrote "Anielka," "Placówka" (The Outpost), "Emancypantki" (The New Woman), and many other stories and novels. He was an advocate of Positivist philosophy and social progressivism.

Prus is regarded as one of the greatest Polish writers, and one of the world's most prominent.

2040

2040 (MMXL) will be .



Wayne Mixson

John Wayne Mixson (June 16, 1922 – July 8, 2020) was an American politician. He was born in New Brockton, Alabama, but was raised in Jackson County, Florida. He was a democrat.

He served in Florida's House of Representatives. In 1978 he was elected a lieutenant governor (deputy governor) to governor Bob Graham. They were reelected in 1982. Mixson served as lieutenant governor from 1979 to 1987. During his second term he was also state Secretary of Commerce. In 1987, Graham resigned from office to become U.S. Senator. Mixson was sworn in as governor for three days, from January 3 to January 6, when governor-elect Bob Martinez (Rep.) took over.

During the 2004 presidential election, Mixson crossed party lines to endorse the re-election of President George W. Bush. 

Mixson died on July 8, 2020 in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 98.

Neustadt an der Weinstrasse

Neustadt an der Weinstraße is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It has about 54,000 people. The main parts of the town's economy are tourism and winegrowing. Every year the town is the location of the German wine harvest festival with the election of the German wine queen.

Its districts are


Neustadt have two on-ramps (North and South) of the highway A 65.
Except for the central station, the town have a second railroad station (Böbig) and a third (South).

Neustadt is the seat of the Hornbach Holding AG and Team Rosberg.


Reubin Askew

Reubin O'Donovan Askew (September 11, 1928 - March 13, 2014) was an American politician. He was a democrat from Florida. He was born in Muskogee (Oklahoma), but since 1937 he lived in Florida. He was a lawyer. He served both in US Army and US Air Force.

Askew was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma. He studied at Florida State University and at University of Florida Levin College of Law. Askew married Donna Lou Harper in August 1956.

Prior to becoming governor, Askew served as state representative (1959-1963) and state senator (1963-1970). For a year (1969-1970) he was president pro tempore of this body.

He was elected governor in the same year and assumed duties in January 1971. He was one of the first southern governors (alongside Jimmy Carter of Georgia) yo openly support desegregation. In 1972 then-democratic Presidential nominee, senator George McGovern of South Dakota offered him vice presidency, but Askew declined it. McGovern lost to Richard Nixon.

Askew was reelected in 1974 and served until early 1979. After leaving office he was, for two years, United States Trade Representative under President Carter.

In 1984 he ran for president, but was defeated in the primary.

Askew had two children; one son and one daughter. Askew lived in Tallahassee, Florida.

Askew died at the age of 85 on March 13, 2014 at his Tallahassee home, after a recent stroke.

He was regarded by many (including Harvard Scholars) as one of the best U.S. governors in the 20th Century.


Trabant

The Trabant (or "Trabi") was a series of cars built in the German Democratic Republic. When the first cars were released, people saw them as being innovative. The cars were also easy on fuel, they did not need much fuel. Trabant had a two-stroke engine. The outside of the Trabant was not made with steel or iron, because the German Democratic Republic did not want to import steel and iron for the cars, because that would have been too expensive. Instead, the Trabant was made of Duroplast, a special kind of plastic, made by mixing formica and bakelite, and made stronger with fibres of cotton. They could afford some steel from Russia, and this was used for the engine and the floor, and to give the plastic strength. After the Berlin Wall was opened the Trabant did not sell as much as before, because the people wanted bigger cars that they could get after the wall was opened. Trabants can still be found in East Europe, for example in Hungary.

The Trabant was a small car, good for driving in the city. The two-stroke engine created lots of air pollution, but because of the plastic body, it was stronger and safer than western cars of the same time. It was famous for being better in a crash test than a VW Polo.

Between 1957 and 1990, about 3 million Trabants were built. As of January 2005, about 67.000 such cars were still registered.

Lindsay Lohan

Lindsay Dee Lohan (born July 2, 1986) is an American actress and singer. She has acted in several movies, including "The Parent Trap", "Life-Size", "Get A Clue", "Freaky Friday", "Mean Girls", "Confessions of a Drama Queen", "Herbie Fully Loaded", "Just My Luck", "Georgia Rule" and "Labor Pains". Early life. Lindsay Lohan was born on July 2, 1986, in The Bronx borough of New York City, and grew up in Merrick and Cold Spring Harbor on Long Island, New York. She is the eldest child of Dina and Michael Lohan.

Lohan's parents are Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan, both of whom are of Irish and Italian descent. She has a sister named Ali Lohan. Lindsay Dee Lohan was born in The Bronx borough of New York City, on July 02,1986, to Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan. She began her career at age three as a Ford model, and also made appearances in over sixty television commercials, including spots for The Gap, Pizza Hut, Wendy's, and Jell-O (opposite Bill Cosby). Lohan made her acting debut in 1996 as the third actress to play Ali Fowler in the television drama Another World (1964). Shortly afterward she was hand-picked by Oscar-nominated writer Nancy Meyers as estranged twin sisters in an adaptation by Walt Disney Pictures of a novel by Erich Kästner, which marked Meyers' directorial debut. Lohan's first feature movie, The Parent Trap (1998), a remake of The Parent Trap (1961), was a modest commercial success, earning her widespread critical acclaim and a Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actress in a Feature movie, as well as Blockbuster Entertainment and YoungStar award nominations. After signing a three-movie contract with Disney, she returned to the small screen to star in the made-for-TV movies The Wonderful World of Disney: Life-Size (2000) (opposite Tyra Banks) and Get a Clue (2002) (opposite Bug Hall). She also appeared as Rose in the pilot episode of the short-lived comedy series Bette (2000), which starred Bette Midler. In June 2001 Lohan took a brief hiatus from acting. Her music career was launched over a year later, when Estefan Enterprises made a five-album production deal with her in September 2002, and she signed a recording contract with the reactivated Casablanca Records.

The movies "The Parent Trap" and "Mean Girls" made Lohan popular in the United States. They also showed her talent in singing. She plays the guitar and has done many singing parts.

She first sang in the soundtrack of the movie "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen".

In 2004, she released her first album named "Speak". In 2005, her second album, "A Little More Personal (RAW)" was released. Now, in recent years she has been working on a new album with Ne-Yo, Snoop Dogg, Timbaland. This album was released at the end of 2008.

Between 2008 and 2009 Lohan dated Samantha Ronson. However, Lohan now identifies as heterosexual. She had a miscarriage in 2013.

In May 2011, Lohan was convicted of misdemeanor theft of a $2,500 necklace from a jewelry store in Venice Beach.

On November 28, 2021, Lohan announced her engagement to financier Bader Shammas after three years of dating. On July 2, 2022, it was confirmed that Lohan and Shammas were married.

In July 2023, Lohan gave birth to her son Luai.




Postum

Postum is a drink first made by C. W. Post in 1895. It is a powder substitute for coffee that is mixed with water. The ingredients are wheat bran, wheat, molasses, and corn dextrin.

It is advertised as a healthier choice of drink than coffee.

Brok

Brok nad Bugiem (English: "Brok near Bug") is a small town in Mazowsze Voivodship, Poland. Brok is in Ostrowian County (head town of this region is Ostrów Mazowiecka). Brok is one of the smallest places in Europe with town status (since 1500).


Brok is regarded by many as one of the most beautiful places in this part of Poland. This is a tourist town near two rivers: Bug and one also named Brok.

Attractions include:

Herb Alpert

Herb Alpert (born March 31, 1935 in Los Angeles, California) is an American musician. He is known for his trumpet playing with his group, Tijuana Brass. He is also the co-founder and one of the heads of A&M Records.

Teddy bear

A teddy bear is a type of toy that looks like a bear. The teddy bear normally looks like a cub or baby bear. It became popular in Germany and the United States in 1902 when the name was invented. In Russia, bears were used as children's toys and were the subject of folklore or stories, long before the 20th century. Teddy bears are often toys for children. They are also used to comfort people and to teach.

Teddy bear are popular and well-known. They may often have human-like features. They are usually small and soft. Teddy Bears are found all over the world. Early 20th century teddy bears were made from mohair, the hair of goats. Now they are usually made from synthetic fabrics.

There are many stories about how the Teddy Bear got its name. It may be a myth but the teddy bear is said to be named after Theodore Roosevelt, a hunter who disliked being called "Teddy". Roosevelt was the 26th and youngest President of the United States. He was president from 1901 to 1909. Friends of the president gave him the nickname "Teddy".

The most told story happened in November 1902. President Roosevelt was in Mississippi for a bear hunt. He and other men went out hunting for bear on horseback. They had hunting dogs to help find the bears. The dogs ran off following the scent of the bears. When the men could no longer hear the dogs, they turned around and went back to their camp. When they got to camp a bear was there. Everyone at the camp wanted President Roosevelt to shoot the bear. He would not do it or let anyone else do it. Another version has the bear captured alive and the President refusing to shoot it.

British soldiers in World War I, wore fur coats that they called Teddys. The American soldiers also wore a one piece fur overall they called a teddy. Women's nightgowns have also been nicknamed "Teddy" because they are comfortable.

The teddy bear has been a mascot and a companion for many adults. In 1972 Olympic Long Jump Gold Medal winner Randy Williams was pictured on Life magazine with a teddy bear at the Munich games. The bear was given to him by an ex-girlfriend.

While playing baseball with the San Francisco Giants, Ron Bryant was nicknamed "Bear" for always taking his teddy bear everywhere with him. After playing for the Giants, he was traded to the Chicago Cubs. While he was playing with the Cubs, Bryant bought a bear from a girl on the street. He took the bear to the game and they won that day. After that, he brought the bear with him to all the games. The teddy bear was even fitted with a baseball uniform with Bryant's number.

Some adults collect "Cherished Teddies". They are figurines of teddy bears. They are considered knick knacks. Only a limited number from each mold is produced. Some are more common than others. As with other collectables the fewer made of a particular one, the more valuable.

Beanie Baby bears are of the most popular in Beanie Baby collections. "Princess Diana" bear honors the late Princess of Wales. Her bear is of royal purple color with two flowers on its heart. Accessories for the bear such as a copy of Princess Di's actual license, a crown, and royal cape can be purchased to enhance the royal bear. Some bears that were defective in production are considered to have the highest worth, since limited amounts were effected. Collectors search for the defective ones to have the most rare collection. Just as with "Cherished Teddies" the less available ones are worth the most amount of money. The TY tags on the ears of the bears condition also attributes to their value. Children have a tendency to rip off these tags, making the collectibles an everyday toy.

The teddy bear is used in children's classrooms. According to "The Much Maligned Teddy Bear", teddy bears comfort and support children. The teddy bear is also used to teach children about different places. In story, the bear does traveling and sends postcards to the readers, which helps children learn. A child can learn a lot through teddy bears. There are books, logos that teach and comfort children. The teddy bear books help children learn to read and are also fond memories for parents and grandparents.

Law enforcement in America gives children in traumatic experiences teddy bears for comfort. Several agencies provide the bears to children going through crisis. The bears are donated by citizens to help children deal with transitioning from their homes to foster care or when a parent is arrested for breaking the law and is taken to jail. Firemen also hand out bears to children victims of fire.

Bear Teddy is a popular toy not only among children but also among adults. Someone keeps their old plush friends, someone buys new ones. Psychologists explain such love for these toys at all ages by the fact that a person receives emotional support from those they trust. Recently, bear therapy has become widespread in the field of psychological care for patients.

Hangul

Hangeul () (formerly Hangul 한굴) is the alphabet (or alphabetic syllabary) used for the Korean language.

It was made by Sejong the Great, the 4th King of the Joseon Dynasty in 1443. It is still being used now. When Hangeul was spreading, King Sejong published "Hunminjeong'eum Haeryebon" (훈민정음 해례본). It was picked as the 'Memory of the World' by UNESCO in 1997. 

In this book, the design ideas of Hangeul and information about its use were written down in detail. The book "Hunminjeong'eum Haeryebon" states the two design ideas of Hangeul. The first one is that the consonants of Hangeul look like vocal organs. The second one is that the vowels of Hangeul are based on Cheonji'in (천지인). Cheonji'in refers to the three elements of philosophy which are sky (천), earth (지) and human (인). Because of these ideas, Hangeul is well known for being easy to learn.

Although it was only used by the lower classes at first, Hangeul became the official writing script of Korea in the late 19th century. Today it is the most used writing system of both North Korea and South Korea. North Korea abolished the use of Hanja, and today North Koreans write only in Hangeul. In South Korea, people write mostly in Hangeul, but sometimes Hanja is still used.

Vowels are letters like A, E, O and so on

There are 21 letters for vowels in Hangul.

Meaning:
Those with two small lines are pronounced with an extra "y" first.

Consonants are letters like B, G, L, M, N, S and so on.<br>There are 14 simple consonants: ㄱㄴㄷㄹㅁㅂㅅㅇㅈㅊㅋㅌㅍㅎ<br>They can be written two next to each other. Meaning:

The consonants the Korean language uses written in Latin letters are:
B, D, G, H, J, K, L, M, N, P, R, S, T, W, Y.

The consonants and vowels are combined into blocks of syllables. A syllable means one vowel and a few consonants, like "han" and "geul".

The blocks look like these examples: 서울 한글 평양

Lincoln Chafee

Lincoln Davenport Chafee (born March 26, 1953) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Rhode Island from 2011 to 2015. Before becoming governor, he was a junior U.S. Senator of Rhode Island from 1999 to 2007.

In 2016, he made a brief and unsuccessful bid for President of the United States in the 2016 Democratic primaries. In January 2020, Chafee announced he would run again, but this time for the Libertarian nomination. He ended his second campaign in April 2020.

Chafee was born in Providence, Rhode Island. His father, John Chafee, was also a Senator from Rhode Island and member of the liberal wing of the Republican Party. His mother was Virginia Coates. Chafee was raised in Warwick, Rhode Island. He studied at Brown University and at Montana State University.

Chafee entered politics in 1985 as a delegate to the Rhode Island Constitutional Convention. A year later, he was elected to the Warwick City Council, where he served until his election as Warwick's mayor in 1992, a post he held until his 1999 appointment to the U.S. Senate.

After his father died in office, Chafee was appointed to fill his vacancy. He was elected to his first full term in 2000.

He was a very liberal Republican senator. He is strongly pro-choice and supports gay rights and gun control. He was the only Republican senator in 2002 to voted against war in Iraq. He was the only Republican United States senator to vote against authorizing the use of force to remove Saddam Hussein from power.

In 2004, he did not endorse the reelection of President George W. Bush, and urged other Republicans to write-in in the November election George H. W. Bush, not his son. In January 2006, he was also the only Republican senator to vote against Samuel Alito to the United States Supreme Court.

He was defeated for re-election in the Senate in 2006 by Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse.

Chafee was elected as Governor of Rhode Island in 2010. He was sworn in on January 4, 2011. He became the first Independent to serve as Governor of Rhode Island since John Collins in 1790.

In 2012, he served as co-chair of Barack Obama's re-election campaign. Since then, he was a Democrat.

On May 1, 2013, Chafee signed a bill that legalized same-sex marriage in Rhode Island.

Chafee has shown some willingness to deviate from strict "War on Drugs" policies, in favor of alternative approaches to America's drug-crime problem.

On September 4, 2013, Chafee announced that he would not run for re-election as Governor of Rhode Island after months of low-approval ratings from the public and by election officials.

On April 9, 2015, Chafee announced that he had formed an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential candidacy for President of the United States as a Democrat in 2016. He formally declared his candidacy on June 3, 2015.

Following a widely panned debate performance, poor polling numbers, and a poor fundraising campaign, Lincoln Chafee announced on October 23 that he would be suspending his campaign.

On March 11, 2019, Chafee officially switched from the Democratic to Libertarian Party, stating that, "It's what I've always been — fiscally conservative and socially liberal."

In August 2019, Chafee said that he'd "be open" to running for president as a Libertarian.

On January 5, 2020, Chaffee formally filed to run for the Libertarian nomination. He is scheduled to make a formal campaign announcement on January 8 at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. He ended his campaign on April 5, 2020 after failing to win any of the primary contests.

Chafee married Stephanie Chafee in January 1990. They have three children. He now lives in Teton Village, Wyoming.

Sascha Fischer

Sascha Fischer (born 24 December 1970 in Stuttgart) is a German rugby union player. He started with volleyball, then he began to play rugby for DSV 1878 Hannover (Lower Saxony). Right now he is playing in France as a pro for C.A. Périgueux-Dordogne. With his former team, C.S. Bourgoin-Jallieu, he took part at Heineken Cup. He is 6 feet, 8 inches tall (2.08 meters) and one of the tallest rugby players in Europe. He is a 27 time national player for Germany. He is a very aggressive player and with his height, he can overlook the whole rugby field.

Bob Graham

Daniel Robert "Bob" Graham (born November 9, 1936) is a retired American politician. He was a well known member of the Democratic Party.

Graham has never lost an election. His career started with being a state legislator (Representative 1966-1969, and Senator 1971-1979).

In 1978 he was elected Governor of Florida. His Lt. Governor was Wayne Mixson. Graham was reelected in 1982, when he won 65% over a Republican candidate, Skip Bafalis.

He was a popular Governor. He did much to protect the environment. He also oversaw restart of state executions (as first time since 1964), when 16 people were electrocuted. The first of them, John Spenkelink, was the first to die in the electric chair since 1966 in the United States. He was the second to be executed since 1967 (after Gary Gilmore in Utah in January 1977).

Graham was elected to the United States Senate in 1986, defeating sitting Senator Paula Hawkins. He served as Senator from 1985 to 2005, when he retired. He resigned from governorship on January 3, 1985, three days before the swearing-in of the governor-elect, Republican Robert Martinez. For this time Mixson assumed his duties, making him the shortest serving governor in Florida history.

From 2001 to 2003 Graham was a chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.

In early 2003 he decided to run for President but, after poor results in an opinion polls, he resigned and later supported John Kerry, who won the Democratic nomination. He was regarded as possible Kerry Vice Presidential candidate, but Kerry chose John Edwards.

Graham voted in 2002 against intervention in Iraq.


Americans

Americans are citizens of the United States.

Also, there are other groups that did not immigrate to the United States but became American because of American expansion in the late 19th century. In addition to the United States, Americans and people of American descent can be found around the world. Three to seven million Americans are estimated to be living outside the United States.

Most Americans are of European descent. The number of Latin Americans and Asians is more than ever. About 13% of Americans are of African descent. People from many cultures, religions, and ethnic groups live in the U.S. This is why the United States is called the "Melting Pot".

The United States is a diverse country. Six races are officially recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau for statistical purposes: White, Black or African American, American Indian and Alaska Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian, and other Pacific Islander.

The current population of Americans in the U.S. is over 331 million people as of 2022.

Ohio Wesleyan University

Ohio Wesleyan University is a private university in Delaware, Ohio and a member of the Five Colleges of Ohio. Wesleyan was founded in September 1844.

Lakshmi

Lakshmi is the goddess of money, wisdom and good luck in Hinduism. Most Hindus pray to her on Diwali, which is a festival in India. She is regarded as an equivalent goddess of Emoinu, her Meitei counterpart. Gajalakshmi

Lakshmi has four arms, fair skin and sits on a lotus flower and is normally surrounded by elephants. She is covered in jewellery.

She also has several avatars (means a god coming to the earth in the form of a human being or in any other form). Her husband is the Hindu god Vishnu but her other avatars are usually married to Vishnu's avatars:




Ancient Australia

Ancient Australia (also called the Prehistory of Australia), is the time from when the first humans came to Australia to the arrival of the First Fleet in 1788.
Aboriginal artefacts have been found. They most likely lived in Australia for over 80,000 years. Sea levels were lower because more water was in the form of ice. 

migration from Asia to Australia was easier than it is now. Several long sea crossings would still be be needed. These crossings would be across 90100 km of open sea. It is not known what kind of boat would have been used for these crossings, but they were probably a raft made from bamboo. These first Australians were perhaps the world's first ocean travellers.

The land bridge between Australia and New Guinea was blocked by rising sea levels about 8,000 years ago. The people of Australia and New Guinea are closely related by DNA. DNA evidence shows that the Australian Aborigines belong to the modern humans who left Africa between 50,000 and 70,000 years ago. Research shows that the Australian Aborigines were part of a group that left Africa 24,000 years before the groups that settled in Europe and Asia. This makes them one of the oldest indigenous peoples outside Africa. The DNA also shows that most migration to Australia stopped about 50,000 years ago, and the people here developed in isolation to the rest of the world. The Australian aboriginal population may be one of the oldest continuous cultures in the world. Many Aboriginal stories from northern Australia say that the people came to Australia from across the sea.

It is not known what the first Australians appearance looked like. The oldest place where humans lived in Australia dates to 55,000 years ago, the Malakunanja II rock shelter in the Northern Territory. The earliest human remains in Australia were found at Lake Mungo in New South Wales. These remains are 15,000 years younger. The bones of people born from 40,000 to 10,000 years ago, show they were more robust, and were more physically varied than later people. Several important archaeological sites show information about the life of these people. These sites include Lake Mungo, Kow Swamp, Coobool Creek, Talgai, and Keilor.

The first Australians had dark skin and black hair. Most of them were hunter-gatherers, hunting animals and collecting plants to eat. They were nomadic people moving from place to place in search of seasonal foods.

They developed into different ethnic groups and each group had its own language and traditions. In 1788 it is estimated that there were about 500 separate language groups in Australia. Each of these language groups was made up of many smaller groupings. These smaller groups often combined for ceremonial and trade activities. Because they were all different, it is difficult to make general claims about Aboriginal traditions and beliefs.

The changes to the fauna were even more dramatic. Megafauna, species larger than humans, disappeared, as well as many of the smaller species. About 60 different vertebrates became extinct, including the Diprotodon family (very large marsupials that looked rather like hippos), several large flightless birds, meat eating kangaroos, a five-metre lizard and Meiolania, a tortoise the size of a small car.

The direct cause of the mass extinctions of the megafauna is uncertain. It may have been fire, hunting, climate change, or a combination of all. Without large herbivores to eat the vegetation, the extra fuel made fires burn hotter, further changing the landscape.

In the period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago, Australia became dryer, with lower temperatures and less rainfall. Between 16,000 and 14,000 years ago the sea levels rose quickly. One scientist has estimated sea levels rose 50 feet in 300 years. At the end of the Pleistocene, about 13,000 years ago, rising sea levels cut the land access across the Torres Strait to New Guinea, the Bass Strait between Victoria and Tasmania, and to Kangaroo Island.

The Tasmanian Aborigines were cut off from the rest of Australia. By 9,000 years ago there were no longer people living on the small islands in Bass Strait or Kangaroo Island.

Studies of language and genes shows that there has been long-term contact between Australians in the far north and the people of modern-day New Guinea and the islands. This seems to have been mainly trade with a little intermarriage. Macassan praus are also recorded in the Aboriginal stories from Broome to the Gulf of Carpentaria. There were some semi-permanent settlements established, and cases of Aboriginal settlers finding a home in Indonesia.

The Aboriginal people did not develop writing but they painted pictures on rocks and bark. They also scratched or carved designs into rocks. They used paint that they made from crushed rocks and water in colours like brown, red, orange, and yellow. Many ancient cave paintings have been all over Australia. As the paints made form crushed rock and clay are not organic, it is not possible to use carbon dating to date these pictures. Some paintings have been found showing megafauna that became extinct over 40,000 years ago. These paintings are some of the oldest known paintings in the world. Another site in Arnhem Land has charcoal drawings that have been radiocarbon-dated at 28,000 years old.

Aboriginal people had a strong spirituality. They believed that everything had come from the Dreamtime and that the Earth was sacred. They believed that ancestor spirits such as the Rainbow Serpent had made the world and everything in it. The laws and customs of the Dreamtime are passed on from parents to children. They have complex ritual songs and dances which are performed at corroborees.

Dreamtime

In Australian Aboriginal culture, life is based on a foundation of beliefs which are called the Dreamtime, or The Dreaming. This is a complex set of ideas with deep levels of meanings. The Dreamtime has four parts: The beginning of everything; the life and power of the ancestors; the way of life and death; and power in life. Dreamtime was all four of these things at the same time because it is more powerful than time and space. In it all things exist at once. The Aboriginal peoples call Dreamtime the all-at-once time because they think it is the past, present, and future at the same time. It is a beginning that has no end.

They meet The Dreamtime by doing special dances and singing special songs. Aboriginals believe that people have a part of them that will live forever. This part existed before a person was born and will exist after they die. It exists in The Dreamtime. 

All Australian Aboriginals believe in the Dreamtime. Each group and each person has their own stories and traditions. In Central Australia, the Pitjantjatjara call it the Tjukurpa. The Tjukurpa provides the answers for questions about life. It also gives the rules for behaviour and how to live together. It explains the complex relationship between the people, animals, plants and the land. It teaches the how and why the land is to be looked after. It provided the information about what could be eaten, the rules of marriage, of growing up and the rituals of death. Some parts of the Dreamtime are only known to those who have inherited the right to the knowledge.

Dreamtime is often used to describe the time before time, or the time of the creation. Most Aboriginals believe that all life is connected to the great spirit ancestors of the Dreamtime. Every hill, water hole, river, the sky, every feature was created in the Dreamtime. The journeys of the ancestors across the country created the landscape, and populated it with plants and animals. These journeys are often told in cycles of stories, songs and dances, known as "iwara", or songlines. These great spirit ancestors have not gone, they are still present, even if they can not be seen. The ceremonies of songs and dance keep the people in contact with the spirits. "Without ceremony the land soon dies..." 

Loch Ness Monster

The Loch Ness Monster, also referred to as Nessie, is a supposed animal, said to live in the Scottish loch of Loch Ness, the second biggest loch in the country. The Loch Ness Monster story was big in the field of cryptozoology.

Most scientists believe that the Loch Ness Monster is not real, and they say that many of the sightings are either hoaxes or pictures of other mistaken existing animals. However, a popular theory among believers is that "Nessie" is a plesiosaur, an extinct meat-eating aquatic reptile that lived in the Mesozoic era. The Loch Ness monster has also been described as an elephant, eel, and other animals.

The Surgeon's photograph was the only photographic evidence of a head and neck – all the others are humps or disturbances. Dr. Wilson claimed he was looking at the loch when he saw the monster, so grabbed his camera and snapped five photos. After the film was developed, only two exposures were clear. The first photo (the more publicised one) shows what was claimed to be a small head and back. The second one, a blurry image, attracted little publicity because it was difficult to interpret what was depicted.

The image was revealed as a hoax in 1994. 
Supposedly taken by Robert Kenneth Wilson, a London gynaecologist, it was published in the "Daily Mail" on 21 April 1934. Wilson's refusal to have his name associated with the photograph led to it being called "Surgeon's photograph".

The strangely small ripples on the photo fit the size and of circular pattern of small ripples as opposed to large waves when photographed up close. Analysis of the original uncropped image fostered further doubt. A year before the hoax was revealed, the makers of Discovery Communications's documentary "Loch Ness Discovered" analysed the uncropped image and found a white object was visible in every version of the photo. "It seems to be the source of ripples in the water, almost as if the object was towed by But science cannot rule out it was just a blemish on the negative", he continued. Additionally, analysis of the full photograph revealed the object was quite small, only about long.

After Christian Spurling's confession, most agree it was what Spurling claimed – a toy submarine with a sculpted head attached. Details of how the photo was accomplished were published in the 1999 book, "Nessie – the Surgeon’s Photograph Exposed". Essentially, it was a toy submarine with a head and neck made of plastic wood, built by Christian Spurling.

Spurling was the son-in-law of Marmaduke Wetherell, a big game hunter who had been publicly ridiculed in the "Daily Mail", the newspaper that employed him. Spurling claimed that to get revenge, Marmaduke Wetherell committed the hoax. His co-conspirators were Spurling (a sculpture specialist), his son Ian Marmaduke, who bought the material for the fake Nessie, and Maurice Chambers (an insurance agent). Chambers asked surgeon Robert Kenneth Wilson to offer the pictures to the "Daily Mail".

The hoax story was disputed by Henry Bauer. Unfortunately for Bauer, he claimed that plastic wood did not exist in 1934, when actually it was a popular DIY and modelling material from the 1920s.

No animal has ever been discovered in the loch which resembles the mythical monster.


Wesleyan

Wesleyan is the adjective form of "Wesley", which could also mean:

Macintosh

Macintosh, Mackintosh, or McIntosh can be:

Macintosh and similar spellings is a surname:

Southern rock

Southern rock is a kind of rock music from the southern part of the United States. Some southern rock music groups include: Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Allman Brothers Band and Molly Hatchet.


Ostrów Mazowiecka

Ostrów Mazowiecka is a main town of Ostrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.



100

100 or one hundred (Roman numeral: C) is a common year of the Gregorian calendar. It started on a Friday. It was also a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.

It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).







Niue

Niue is a sovereign island country in the south Pacific. 

It is located between Tonga, Samoa and the Cook Islands, it is commonly known as "Rock of Polynesia". 

It has its own government, but it is an associated state of New Zealand. This means that Niue's head of state is New Zealand's sovereign (king) in right, and most diplomatic relations are conducted by New Zealand on Niue's behalf.

Niue is not a member state of the United Nations, but it is a member of some United Nations agencies.

The territory is 2,400 kilometres northeast of New Zealand in a triangle between Tonga, Samoa, and the Cook Islands.


Master race

This idea mostly began in the 19th century. It is not a theory liked by any scientists today. It claims there is a hierarchy of races (or that some races are better than others). It was also claimed that at the bottom of the hierarchy were black-skinned people from Africa and Aborigines from Australia, while pale-skinned Nordic people were at the top of the hierarchy.

Arthur de Gobineau (1816–1882) believed that cultures become bad when races mix. In his book "Moral and Intellectual Diversity of Races" (, 1853–55), de Gobineau states that the mix of races has a bad influence on culture. In his view, the development of culture is linked to that of race. When empires are created, this leads to a mixing of races. According to de Gobineau, this would lead to degeneration and the downfall of the respective empire.

During this time, Charles Darwin started to develop his ideas about evolution. Social Darwinism is the attempt to use these concepts to predict the development of societies. Houston Steward Chamberlain believed the Germanic race was there "to save the world".

In colonialism, the concept was helpful too. Germany and Great Britain had many colonies. They would pick an ethnic group and say that this was better than the other groups. This would then lead to an indirect rule in the respective colony. People who conducted African studies in Germany developed a whole system, to make this easier. The Hamitic theory said that the Hamitic people were superior and should rule over the other Negroid people in Sub-Saharan Africa. John Hanning Speke (1827-64) and Charles Gabriel Seligman (1873-1940) were among the most prominent people with this idea. People such Johann Ludwig Krapf, Karl Richard Lepsius, or Carl Meinhof used the study of languages in this context. They said that languages that had a grammatical genus were Hamitic, those that did not were Negroid. Using these criteria to find suitable candidates for indirect rule also led to problems: According to the theory, the Maasai were Hamitic, and should rule in German East Africa. Fortunately, they were unable to make such a system for political and economic reasons. The explanation was that "out of bad luck", the Maasai were a Hamitic people kept at a lower level of social development. In their place, the Swahili were picked, as the "next-higher" people. In German South-West Africa, there was a similar problem: The theory identified the Khoikhoi as Hamitic, but they were too few to rule the country. For this reason, the Ovambo were picked for an indirect rule.

Arthur Schopenhauer liked this idea, but had the idea of "Übermensch": He said that the White race had become what it was though hardship and bad conditions in the North. Others who liked his theory were Guido von List and Lanz von Liebenfels.

Hitler and his supporters, the Nazi party, took power in Germany in 1933. They were Social Darwinists, Social Darwinists believe that human races are stronger or weaker than each other. They believed that the stronger races would prove themselves better in the long run, this concept was called "survival of the fittest". Nazis believed that their race the Aryans were stronger than all the other races, because of this, they believed the Aryans would one day rule over the weaker races. The Nazis made laws that were based on their ideas of race. They prevented marriage between races so that the Aryan race would not become mixed with other "weaker" races because they believed it would weaken the master race. They claimed that "Aryans" were the "master race". They also made propaganda that blamed Jews for many things. Jews were considered by Nazis, a weak race whose weak values would infect the better values of the Aryan race. German Jews were not allowed to own property. In many cases, they were attacked and killed because of their Race. When Germany invaded other countries in Europe, they also started putting people into concentration camps. This systematic killing is known as The Holocaust today.

To help increase the numbers of Aryans, the Nazis set up special homes called "Lebensborn". These were for unmarried pregnant woman who were likely to have children that had Nordic or Aryan qualities. This mainly meant fair skin, blond hair, blue eyes. Though slight differences could still be considered Aryan as lots of people in Germany at the time had dark hair and eyes. Heinrich Himmler believed that this would help create more members of the master race. He arranged for nine Lebensborn homes to be built in Germany, and another ten in Norway. There were also Lebensborn in France, Belgium and Luxembourg. About 20,000 children were born in these homes during the Third Reich.


Reichstag

Reichstag is the name of:


The Last Supper

The Last Supper is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci. It is a picture of the last supper of Jesus and his disciples. It shows how they reacted when Jesus said that one of them would betray him. Each disciple has their own expression showing their own reaction to what Jesus has just told them.

The painting is a mural on the wall of the Santa Maria delle Grazie rectory in the dining room in Milan, Italy. It measures 460 X 880 cm. Da Vinci began painting it in 1495 and finished it in 1498, but did not work on it all the time between these years. Some people think the painting has secret messages.

Thomas the Apostle

Saint Thomas is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus. His name means "the twin". 

Thomas is most famous for not being present when the other apostles (Jesus's followers and friends) first saw Jesus after he has been risen from the dead. Thomas was not there and when he heard about it, he did not believe his friends, and he said he wanted to see it for himself, even the marks in his hands where Jesus had been nailed to the cross. Jesus did return and showed Thomas. The phrase "Doubting Thomas" (a term for a person who does not believe something at first) comes from this story. Thomas didn't believe Christ had returned until he was invited by the risen Jesus to put his finger into the nail holes in Jesus' hands and his hand into Jesus' wounded side.

Though not recorded in the Bible, there are many stories about Thomas working as a missionary. The Saint Thomas Christians of Kerala, India believe that Thomas came to India to preach in 52 A.D. He is regarded as the patron saint of India. Other ancient accounts tell of him going to China and Indonesia.


Bartholomew the Apostle

Bartholomew the Apostle is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus. He is the patron saint of Armenia, bookbinders, butchers, Florentine cheese and salt merchants, Gambatesa, Italy, leather workers; nervous diseases, plasterers; shoemakers; tanners, and trappers. Along with Saint Jude Thaddeus, he helped bring Christianity to Armenia. He is the patron saint of people who work with leather and animal skins because he was martyred (killed for his beliefs) by being skinned alive. He is usually represented by holding a large knife and his skin.

Bartholomew is also found in Islamic literature. In one such story mentioned by Suyuti, Ibn Arabi, Bayhaqi, and Abu Nuyam Bartholomew is described as one whom God has given extended life to and he meet the companions of the Prophet Muhammad in Iraq. This event took place during the reign of Umar.


Matthew the Evangelist

Matthew the Evangelist is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus Christ and the traditional author of the Gospel of Matthew (AD 80-90). He is traditionally considered identical to the tax collector or "Levi" mentioned in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. 

According to the consensus of modern biblical scholars Matthew the Apostle is not the writer of the Gospel of Matthew, who in fact is anonymous. If the Gospel was not written by Matthew as tradition states, then the author was probably a male Jew, standing on the margin between traditional and non-traditional Jewish values, and familiar with technical legal aspects of scripture being debated in his time.


John the Apostle

John was born in 6AD in Bethsaida in an area called Galilee which was ruled by Herod Agrippa at the time. John was the son of Zebedee and Salome. He was also the brother of the first Christian martyr listed, James, and was part of the Twelve Apostles and followed Jesus Christ as on of his closest friends. John is mentioned many times in the New Testament and wrote a few books himself too called, The Gospel of John, John 1, 2 and 3. He also wrote the last testament and the only book based upon one's vision: Book of Revelation.

John was the first son of Zebedee and Salome and the only brother of James and he was a bright child growing up. Historians suggest John was privileged, if not rich and they have 3 points to support themselves:


John would've probably used his literary skills to get Jesus everywhere and would've got connections to help out with money and shelter. John was amazing and you can read about him and his portrayal in a new TV Show called The Chosen here; https://the-chosen.fandom.com/wiki/John

John would also be HEAVILY affected with the behaviour of others like the Samaritans and Jesus himself. 

John would've been devastated. Jesus would have been like a second brother to him and he would be utterly shattered. Then with the resurrection and ascension he woud have been overjoyed. Amazed, even. John stayed in Jerusalem until the spirit of the Holy Spirit promise of the Pentecost had passed and he travelled all the way

After Pentecost, the next known place John went is unclear. He most likely went to his hometown in Galilee, Bethsaida and preached to the people there. He stayed in touch with the others when they went through Samaria and Jerusalem.

The feast day is celebrated on December 27.

Saint Peter

Saint Peter (, "rock") also called Simon (Kephas) Peter is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus. He is often talked about in the New Testament. Most of what we know about Peter comes from the Bible. In the Gospel it is written that Jesus Christ would make Peter the "rock" (foundation) of the Church (Gospel of Matthew 16:18, "you are Peter (rock), and upon this rock I will build my church").

It is not known when Peter was born. But the date of his real death is said to be about the year 64 AD. He died by being nailed to a cross in Rome. This type of death is called crucifixion. According to the apocryphal Acts of Peter, Peter asked to be crucified upside down, as he felt unworthy to die as Jesus did. Most historical sources only say he was crucified this way.

The historical accuracy of the accounts of Peter's role in Rome is a matter of ongoing debate.

Paintings from later centuries often show him holding the keys to the kingdom of heaven (interpreted by Roman Catholics as the sign of his primacy over the Church), a reference to Matthew .

Peter was married according to the gospel of Mark. The name of his wife is unknown.

The Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, and Lutheran Churches, as well as the Anglican Communion, consider Simon Peter a saint. Roman Catholics believe that the Pope is Peter's successor. For this reason, he is the rightful head of all other bishops. Eastern and Oriental Orthodox also recognise the Bishop of Rome as the successor to Saint Peter and the Ecumenical Patriarch sends a delegation each year to Rome to participate in the celebration of his feast. 

In the "Ravenna document" of 13 October 2007 representatives of the Eastern Orthodox Church agreed that "Rome, as the Church that 'presides in love' according to the phrase of St. Ignatius of Antioch (To the Romans, Prologue), occupied the first place in the "taxis" (order), and that the bishop of Rome was therefore the "protos" (first) among the patriarchs. They disagree, however, on the interpretation of historical evidence from this era regarding the rights of the bishop of Rome as "protos", a matter that was already understood in different ways in the first millennium."

Christian tradition says Saint Peter was the first leader of an early apostolic community for at least 34 years. At that time the word Pope or "Papa" was not used to name the leader of the Roman Catholic Church. At that time there was only one Christian Church. Later, the Roman Catholic Church would say that Peter was their first Pope.

Tradition also locates his burial place where St. Peter's Basilica was later built, in Vatican City.



Sistine Chapel

The Sistine Chapel is a large chapel in the Vatican Palace, the place in Italy where the Pope lives. The Chapel was built between 1473 and 1481 by Giovanni dei Dolci for Pope Sixtus IV.

The Sistine Chapel is the Pope's own chapel. It is used for important Masses and ceremonies. When a pope dies, the College of Cardinals meet in the Sistine Chapel to elect a new pope.

The Sistine Chapel is famous for its fresco paintings by the Renaissance painter Michelangelo.

 
The Sistine Chapel is a brick building shaped like a rectangle. The outside is plain, with no decoration and no big door. It has a walk-way near the top, for soldiers. 
It has six arched windows on its two side walls and a curved ceiling called a barrel vault.

The inside of the chapel is richly decorated. The floor is of coloured marble. The lower parts of the walls are painted to look like gold and silver cloth.

The other decorations in the chapel are paintings which tell stories to help people understand about Jesus Christ and about the Roman Catholic Church.

The middle part of the walls has 12 large paintings called frescoes, done by famous artists in 1481. The artists' names were Domenico Ghirlandaio, Sandro Botticelli, Perugino, Cosimo Rosselli, Pinturicchio, Benedetto Ghirlandaio, Luca Signorelli and Bartolomeo della Gatta.
The frescoes show stories from the Bible. On the north side, the stories are about the life of Moses. On the south side, they are about the life of Jesus.

Above the stories, near the windows, are painted pictures of Popes.

The ceiling is the most famous part of the Sistine Chapel, and many thousands of visitors go to see it. 
In 1505 Pope Julius II asked Michelangelo to paint the ceiling. Michelangelo was a famous sculptor. He did not want to be a painter. Three years later, he agreed to paint the ceiling. He worked from 1508 to 1511, standing on a high platform with his arms stretched above his head. 
(Although some people think that he lay down to paint, this is not true.) Because he painted onto wet plaster, the smell and the heat was terrible. He wrote a poem about how sick he was.

Along the center of the ceiling are painted nine pictures that tell stories from the Book of Genesis in the Old Testament of the Bible. The stories start with three pictures of God making light, making the Earth, the Sun and the Moon, and making the Sea and Sky.

The next three pictures tell the story of the first man and woman, Adam and Eve. In the first scene, God has just made Adam. He reaches out his hand and touches his finger to give him Life.

In the next picture, Adam is asleep and God makes Eve from one of Adam's ribs.

In the third picture there are two scenes. Adam and Eve are tricked by the Devil to eat fruit from the tree that they have been told not to touch. In the other scene, an angel chases them out of God's Garden of Eden. This story tells how sin came into the world.

The last three pictures are about Noah's Ark. They tell about a sad and sinful world. Because of human sin and unkindness, God sends a flood. Only Noah and his family escape in the large boat that they build. When the flood has ended, they make an altar and kill a sheep as a sacrifice to God. But then Noah grows grape vines, makes wine and gets drunk. One of his sons sees Noah lying naked and laughs at his father. Noah is ashamed and curses his son. These stories show how people keep acting the wrong way, even when they get a second chance.

All around the wall, Michelangelo painted twelve big figures of wise men and women. These were the prophets and sibyls who told people that God would send Jesus Christ to save them from sin.

Also painted on the ceiling are 20 beautiful young men called the "ignudi". No-one knows what they are for sure, but perhaps they are angels.

When the ceiling was finally uncovered, everyone was amazed. Giorgio Vasari, who wrote Michelangelo's life story, says that hundreds of people came every day to stare and stare.

Michelangelo was happy to get back to his sculpture. But in 1537 Pope Paul III ordered him to paint another large fresco. This time it was on the wall above the altar. It was finished in 1541.

Michelangelo painted "The Last Judgement" which shows Jesus judging the people of the Earth and sending some to Hell while others are welcomed into Heaven by Saints. He painted most of the figures naked. This made some of the priests in the church very angry. They paid another artist to paint clothes onto the Blessed Virgin Mary and many of the other figures.



Pope Paul III

Pope Paul III (; February 29, 1468 – November 10, 1549), born Alessandro Farnese, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 221st Pope from 1534 to 1549.

Alessandro Farnese was born in an ancient Roman family. His grandfather was commander-in-chief of the papal troops under Pope Eugenius IV. 

In 1493, Pope Alexander VI made Farnese a cardinal.

Cardinal Farnese was elected Pope in 1534; and he chose to be called Paul III.

Pope Paul was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

He convened the Council of Trent in 1545.



Pope Sixtus IV

Pope Sixtus IV (; 21 July 1414 - 12 August 1484), originally "Francesco della Rovere", was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 213th Pope from 1471 until his death in 1484.

He is known for beginning construction of the Sistine Chapel.

Della Rovere was born in Celle Ligure, a town near Savona in Liguria. His family was important.

As a young man, he joined the Franciscan Order. He rose in the order to head of the Franciscans in Liguria.

Della Rovere studied philosophy and theology at the University of Pavia; and he lectured at Padua, Bologna, Pavia, Siena, and Florence.

In 1467, Pope Paul II raised della Rovere to the rank of Cardinal.

He was elected pope on August 9, 1471. He took the name Sixtus because the first day of the conclave which elected him pope was the Feast Day of St. Sixtus.

Pope Sixtus was involved in Italian and European political disputes.


Sixtus ordered the building of the Ponte Sisto (Sistine Bridge) across the Tiber River.

The Vatican Library was enlarged during the reign of Sixtus; and the number of manuscripts grew ten times larger—from 360 during the reign of Pope Nicholas V to 3650.



Pope Julius II

Pope Julius II (; December 5, 1443 - February 21, 1513), born "Giuliano della Rovere", was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 217th Pope from 1503 until his death in 1513. He was known as "the Warrior Pope."

He was the nephew of Pope Sixtus IV.

Giuliano della Rovere was the son of Rafaello della Rovere.

His uncle would become Pope Sixtus IV.

In 1471, Sixtus made Rovere a cardinal.

Rovere was elected pope in 1503; and he chose to be called Julius II.

Pope Julius was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

In 1506, Pope Julius he established the Swiss Guard. 



Donato Bramante

Donato Bramante (c. 1444 - April 11, 1514) was an architect who introduced the High Renaissance style to architecture.

Alexandre Dumas, père

Alexandre Dumas (born 24 July, 1802 at Villers-Cotterêts, died 5 December 1870 at Dieppe) was a French writer of Haitian descent. He is famous for writing "The Three Musketeers" (1844), "Queen Margot", "The Count of Monte Cristo" (1844-1845) and about the Man with the iron mask.

Dumas's father was a general, who fought in the French Revolution. When his father died, his mother raised him. They didn't have much money when he was growing up.

Dumas wrote his first plays in 1825 and 1826 after reading Shakespeare, Sir Walter Scott, Friedrich von Scholler and Lord Byron.

Dumas was also a gourmand (lover of food), and wrote Le Grand Dictionnaire de cuisine, an encyclopædia of food and cooking with 1152 pages. He finished it weeks before his death. It is not thought very reliable, because it relies on Dumas' opinions rather than fact.

Dumas was a member of the Club des Hashischins, or Hashish Club. The group of French writers experimented with hashish to get ideas.



Beastie Boys

Beastie Boys were an American rap group. According to an interview with Charlie Rose, the word "Beastie" is the backronym of "Boys Entering Anarchic States Towards Internal Excellence". They formed in 1981 as a punk rock band. Their most famous albums are probably "Licensed To Ill" (1986) and "" (1989). "Licensed To Ill" is their first album, and it is an album that is given credit for starting the type of music "rap rock", which is rapping done over rock guitar or beats. "Paul's Boutique" is an album famous for its use of samples, or snippets of music, and the fact that the samples were put together in creative, interesting ways.

Adam Yauch (1964-2012) was one of the founding members of the band until his death on May 4, 2012 after almost 3-years with cancer of the parotid salivary gland. Former original guitarist, John Berry (1963-2016), died on May 19, 2016 from dementia at 52.




Public Enemy

Public Enemy is an American rap group. They are also known as PE. They formed in 1982, and are still together today. They became famous for their politically charged, militant messages in their songs. They are also famous for using lots of jazz and funk samples in their songs, doneto create a loud, noisy sound and back their angry, powerful rapping. Group members include Chuck D. and Flavor Flav, as well as Terminator X and Professor Griff, who left the group in 1990, but rejoined in the late 1990s.

Macbeth

"Not to be confused with the king of Scotland Macbeth of Scotland"

Macbeth is a play by William Shakespeare. Shakespeare wrote three types of plays: histories, comedies and tragedies. "Macbeth" is his shortest tragedy. Shakespeare wrote it between 1603 and 1607, during the reign of King James I of England.

In the play, the characters of Macbeth, Macduff, and Duncan are roughly based on records of real people. Shakespeare read these records in "Holinshed's Chronicles", a history book from 1587. However, the things that happen in the play are very different from what happened in real life.


The first characters we see in the play are the three Witches. They talk to each other in a mysterious way, and agree to meet with Macbeth on the heath. This scene includes the famous line "fair is foul, and foul is fair", a subject which becomes a main part of the play.

In Act 1 Scene 2, there is a war going on. King Duncan is at a camp, listening to reports from the battlefield. An injured officer (some scripts say a captain, others a sergeant) is brought in. He saved Malcolm's life. The officer tells Duncan about the battle. He says that it was going badly, until Macbeth fought his way to the rebel leader Macdonald and disembowelled him. But as soon as that happened, the Norwegians, led by their king Sweno, also attacked. They were joined by a traitor, the Thane of Cawdor. Macbeth and Banquo fought bravely until they were defeated. Duncan is pleased by the news. He orders that the Thane of Cawdor be executed and his title given to Macbeth.

In I.iii, the Witches appear again. They talk about using their powers on humans, and it becomes clear that they have a lot of power, but they cannot kill people. Macbeth and Banquo are returning from the battlefield to Forres, and meet the witches. Banquo is amazed by the way the witches look, because they look like women but they have beards. Macbeth is not afraid and asks them what they are. They do not answer him, but greet him as the Thane of Glamis, the Thane of Cawdor and the future King. Macbeth is surprised, because he knows that he is not the Thane of Cawdor, and does not think he will ever become the King. Banquo asks the witches what his future will be like. They answer in riddles, saying that he will be "lesser than Macbeth, and greater", "not so happy, yet much happier", and that he will be the father to a line of kings. Then the witches disappear.

Ross and Angus come to find Macbeth, and tell him that the King has given him the title of Thane of Cawdor. Macbeth is surprised and happy, but he starts thinking of ways to become king. This frightens him, because he thinks that the only way he can become king is to murder Duncan.

In I.iv, Macbeth and Banquo return to Forres and Duncan thanks them for their courage and hard work. He also says that his son Malcolm will be his heir. Macbeth realizes that he will have to get past both Duncan and Malcolm to become king. Duncan says he is going to Macbeth's castle for the night.

In I.v, Lady Macbeth is reading a letter from Macbeth that tells her about the witches and their prophecy. She is very excited, and starts planning to murder Duncan. A messenger tells her that Duncan will be staying at their castle that night. She calls on evil spirits to make her strong and evil so that she can murder Duncan. Macbeth comes in and she tells him of her plans.

I.vi shows Duncan, Banquo, Donalbain, Malcolm, Macduff and some of the thanes entering Macbeth's castle. Duncan and Banquo agree that the castle is sweet and pleasant. Lady Macbeth enters and greets them.

I.vii is the last scene in Act I. Macbeth is talking to himself about why it is wrong to kill the king. He knows that it is a bad thing to do, especially because he is the host and Duncan trusts him. Lady Macbeth enters and scolds him for being a coward and says that he is not brave enough to be a man. She works out how they are going to kill Duncan, and convinces Macbeth to do it.

Act II starts with Banquo and his son Fleance walking in a courtyard in Macbeth's castle. They meet Macbeth, who lies to Banquo and says that he has not thought about the witches' prophecy. When they leave, Macbeth sees a hallucination of a knife. He knows it is not real, but before his sight it changes and becomes covered in blood. He leaves to kill Duncan.

Lady Macbeth enters in scene ii. She has already made Duncan's guards drunk. Macbeth comes in with his hands covered in blood, carrying the knifes of the guards. He is very troubled. Lady Macbeth comforts him and tells him to wash his hands and cover the guards with blood, so it looks like they did it. But Macbeth is afraid, so Lady Macbeth does it instead.

In II.iii, the porter is very drunk. He pretends to be the porter of the gate of hell, and takes a long time to open the gate for Macduff and Lennox. Macbeth greets them. Macduff says that he is there to wake the king, and Macbeth leads him to the king's room. Macduff is shocked to see the king murdered on his bed. He runs out shouting and wakes everybody up. Macbeth pretends he did not know about the murder, as everyone comes to see what is happening. He admits that he killed the guards, and says that he did it because he was so angry that they killed Duncan. Lady Macbeth faints and they rush to help her. Malcolm and Donalbain think that somebody is lying. They know it is not safe for them to stay in Scotland, so they run away. Malcolm goes to England, and Donalbain to Ireland.

Scene iv is a talk between Ross and an old man. They talk about how strange the night was. Nature seems to have turned into a mess now that Duncan is dead. Macduff comes in and says that Macbeth is going to become king. He does not trust Macbeth, and is not going to the coronation.

Banquo is alone on stage at the start of Act III. He realizes that Macbeth has become everything the witches said he would become. He thinks that Macbeth did wrong to get the crown, but he does not want to say anything. He hopes that his son will also be king, as the witches said. Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, and the lords enter. Macbeth asks Banquo if he is going riding that afternoon, and if Fleance is going with him. Banquo says yes to both. Two men come to see Macbeth, and he goes to meet them. He is angry that he has risked everything to become king, but that Banquo's sons will be kings after him. The men are actually murderers.
Macbeth tells them that Banquo is the reason they are unhappy and have bad lives, and orders them to kill Banquo and Fleance.

Macbeth talks to Lady Macbeth in scene ii. He says that he has nightmares and cannot sleep. He is jealous of Duncan, because he is dead and does not need to worry anymore. Macbeth also says that he is worried about Banquo being alive, but he does not tell his wife about the murderers.

In III, the two murderers meet another one, also sent by Macbeth. They kill Banquo, but Fleance escapes.

In Scene iv Macbeth has a banquet with the nobles. The murderers come in and inform him of Banquo's death and Fleance's escape. He returns to the table where the nobles are eating, and looks for a seat. Even though there is one empty, he cannot see it. He has a vision of the murdered Banquo sitting in his seat, and becomes hysterical talking to the vision. Lady Macbeth explains it to the nobles as an illness, and asks them to leave as Macbeth becomes more and more upset.

Many editors say that scene v of Act III, along with a song in IV.i, is not written by Shakespeare. This is because the writing is different to the way Shakespeare usually writes. It has a witch called Hecate in it, who is not previously mentioned in the play. She seems to be in charge of the other witches and is scolding them for dealing with Macbeth without informing her.

In the final scene, Lennox is talking to another lord. They find out that Macduff has gone to England to convince Malcolm to return and claim his throne, and to ask for the help of King Edward of England.

Scene (i) starts with the witches, who are standing in a circle around their cauldron, throwing things in, like the tongue of a dog. Then suddenly Macbeth arrives and asks them to tell him some more prophecies. As the first prophecy they tell him to be careful of Macduff, Thane of Fife. As the second prophecy they say he can't be killed by anyone who was born of a woman and as the third prophecy the witches say if Birnam Wood stays at its current position Macbeth is okay but if the wood moves he will have problems. Macbeth is happy because he thinks that all of these things are impossible. He wants to know a fourth thing but suddenly the witches dance crazily and then run away.
Next Lennox enters and tells Macbeth that Macduff has fled to England. Macbeth orders Macduff's castle to be seized.

In scene ii Macbeth’s men arrive at Macduff’s castle and kill Macduff´s family and everybody else in the castle.

In scene iii Macduff finds out what Macbeth did to his family. He is very sad and angry, so he decides to go back to Scotland with Malcolm and they plan to kill Macbeth.

Scene i takes place in Macbeth’s castle. A doctor and a servant are talking about Lady Macbeth. They’re talking about Lady Macbeth’s sickness. She is sleepwalking and while she sleepwalks she says that she regrets having told her husband to kill Duncan and Banquo.

In scene ii Lennox and other Scottish thanes think that Macbeth is crazy and that he is killing too many people. Together they go to Malcolm and king Edward of England and tell them that they want to fight against Macbeth with the English army.

Scene iii takes place in Macbeth’s castle. He is told that Malcolm and Macduff are coming with the English army and want to kill him. The doctor tells him that his wife is ill. She has become crazy and is sleepwalking.

In scene iv Malcolm, Macduff and the English army hide in Birnam Wood. They don’t want to be seen, so they cut off some branches and cover themselves with them.

In scene V, the doctor comes to Macbeth and tells him that his wife is dead. Macbeth is depressed, and then he has a monologue about how meaningless life is. After that, a servant says that Birnam Wood is moving, but Macbeth doesn't believe him, so the servant shows him.

In scene VI, Macduff, Malcolm and the English army are planning to attack Macbeth.

In scene VII, Macbeth and an English Lord fight, and Macbeth says he cannot be killed by anyone born of a woman. Macbeth then kills him. Meanwhile, Macduff is looking for Macbeth.

Scene VIII shows the fight between Macduff and Macbeth, who says again that he cannot be killed by anyone born of a woman. Macduff replies that he was cut out of his mother‘s stomach (c-section). He then kills Macbeth. In the last scene Malcolm is declared king.

Many actors think it is bad luck to say the word "Macbeth", and will not say the play's name. Instead, they call it "The Scottish Play". One theory about where this superstition came from is that the play deals with witchcraft.


Love's Labour's Lost

Love's Labour's Lost is a comedy play by William Shakespeare which was written between 1588 and 1597.

The play contains a lot of wordplay and many characters are based off real kings and noblemen from around those years. This makes the play harder to understand for modern audiences, which is why it is less famous than most of Shakespeare's plays. However, it has been performed more often since the 20th century.

Ferdinand, the King of Navarre, and three of his men meet together and talk about their intellectual plans. Their plans then go wrong when the Princess of France and three of her ladies arrive. The men find that they are in love with the ladies and cannot hide it.

The exact original title is unknown. In early written versions of the script, it varied as to how many apostrophes were used in the title. In the first quarto, it is called "Loues labors lost", as a "u" was often used for a "v" sound back then. The title is now most often given as "Love's Labour's Lost".

Titus Andronicus

Titus Andronicus (c. 1589–1592) is the first tragedy play by William Shakespeare. Most of its theme, structure and language comes from "The Spanish Tragedy" by Thomas Kyd. It is believed to be Shakespeare's first play, and also the bloodiest and least respected of his works. 

The Comedy of Errors

The Comedy of Errors (c. 1589–94) is one of the first plays by William Shakespeare. It is a comedy. Shakespeare's sources were "Menaechmi" by Plautus and "Amphitruo" by Plautus.

Pietà (Michelangelo)

The Pietà is a statue by Michelangelo. It is now in the first temple on the right of Saint Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City.

The following are other statues by Michelangelo:

Raphael

Raffaello Sanzio, usually known as Raphael (April 6, 1483 - April 6, 1520) was a Renaissance painter and architect. With Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, he is one of the three greatest painters of the High Renaissance.

He is best known for his paintings of the Madonna and Christ Child and for his paintings in the Vatican in Rome, Italy.

Raphael was born in Urbino, in the region of Umbria, Italy. He was the son of Giovanni Santi (d. 1494), who was also a painter, and Magia di Battista Ciarla (d. 1491). Giovanni Santi was Raphael's first teacher, but he died when Raphael was only eleven.
At the age of 15, Raphael became an apprentice at the workshop of the painter Pietro Perugino, called by that name because he was the most famous painter in the town of Perugia. Perugino was famous, not only in Umbria, but also in Rome and in Florence, the home of Leonardo and Michelangelo. He had been one of the artists given the important job of painting the Pope's large chapel in the Vatican, the Sistine Chapel.

Perugino was known to have expert ways of painting (technique), and was good at getting paintings finished on time which made him popular with his patrons. He painted some portraits of people alive in his day, but most of his pictures are of religious figures of the past. Some of his paintings are small pictures of the Madonna and Child that could be used in a family chapel for private worship. Because he was famous, Perugino also got lots of work from wealthy patrons and from churches, so he painted many very large pieces to go above the altars in churches. To do this, he needed the help of his "apprentices".

Raphael was able to learn a great deal from Perugino - drawing, the anatomy of the human figure, paint chemistry, and the technique of putting the paint onto the picture in smooth layers. The figures in Perugino's paintings often have very sweet gentle faces. Many of Raphael's paintings are also sweet and gentle. Some painters, such as Leonardo, were quick to change their style and make their paintings show their own touch. But Raphael continued to paint in the style that Perugino taught him. He added new ideas that he learned by looking at the work of other artists. Unlike Leonardo and Michelangelo, Raphael did not give the world anything new in the Art of Painting. He is famous simply because he was so expert at what he did, and because people loved his paintings so much.

The painting that is thought to be his earliest known work is a small picture called "The Vision of a Knight". In this painting a knight lies asleep. In his dream there are two beautiful women. One woman, dressed in soft flowing clothes, offers him flowers. The other woman, dressed in dark clothing, offers the knight a sword and a book. The path behind the pretty woman runs beside a river. The other path leads up a steep mountain. Raphael was thinking about choices. Should the knight take the easy road, or should he try to change things?

Other early pictures by Raphael are "Three Graces", and "Saint Michael".

Raphael's first major work was "The Marriage of the Virgin" which was painted in 1504. It was influenced by Perugino's painting for the Sistine Chapel of "Jesus giving the Keys to Saint Peter". It is now in the Brera Gallery in Milan, Italy.

In about 1504 Raphael went with another painter, Pinturicchio, to Florence, Italy. Florence was famous for its artworks, its artist's workshops, its new Renaissance buildings and its huge cathedral. Raphael wanted to see the work of Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and other important painters and sculptors.

Florence had a very strong tradition of making images of the Madonna and Child because the city was dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. On almost every street corner there was a painting or a brightly coloured statue of the Madonna and Child.

While he was in Florence, Raphael painted many of his famous "Madonna" paintings. The most famous of these paintings are:

In 1508 Raphael was called to Rome by Pope Julius II. He became so popular whilst he was in Rome that he was known as the "Prince of Painters". He spent the last 12 years of his life in Rome and created many of his most famous paintings.

While he was in Rome he was "commissioned" (given a job), to paint a fresco of the Prophet Isaiah in the Church of Sant'Agostino. While he was working on the painting, he went to visit his friend, the architect, Donato Bramante. Bramante was at the Vatican while Michelangelo was painting the Sistine Chapel ceiling. Of course Raphael wanted to see what the famous master was doing. While Michelangelo was away, Bramante took Raphael into the chapel. When Raphael saw the way that Michelangelo had painted the prophets, he was so excited that he went back to Sant'Agostino's Church, scraped his painting off the wall and started all over again. It is easy to see that Raphael's painting is in the style of Michelangelo. Raphael was not ashamed of this. He did it to give honour to the great master.

Among Raphael's most famous paintings are the frescos that are painted on the walls of Julius II's own rooms in the Vatican Palace, known as the "Stanze". The paintings in the "Stanza della Segnatura" and the "Stanza d'Eliodoro" were created by Raphael himself, whilst the "Stanza dell'Incendio" was designed by Raphael and painted by his assistants.

One of the frescoes in the "Stanza della Segnatura" is of the greatest importance. This painting is called "The School of Athens". It shows a group of learned people from Ancient Greece, philosophers, poets, dramatists, mathematicians and others. They are listening to the central figure, who is the philosopher, Plato. The painting is meant to show that at that time, the early 1500s, there was a new birth of ideas and learning among the people of Rome that was equal to the learning of Ancient Athens.

To make this message clear, Raphael used the faces of the people that he knew. Michelangelo, with his broken nose, is sitting with his chin on his hand. The tall figure of Plato with long hair and flowing beard is a portrait of Leonardo da Vinci.

One of the excellent things about this painting is the way that Raphael has painted the building in which the figures are standing. The architecture looks as if it is opening up from the real room.

In the 1500s, painters were often asked to design architecture. Raphael's first work as an architect was the funeral chapel in the church of Santa Maria del Popolo. Pope Leo X also chose Raphael to help design Saint Peter's Basilica alongside Donato Bramante. After Bramante died, Raphael took over the designing of the basilica and changed its groundplan from a Greek Cross to a Latin Cross. Michelangelo went back to Bramante's plan but made it simpler. Then another architect, Maderna, made the building longer, as Raphael had planned.

Raphael's last work of art was a painting of the "Transfiguration". This was an altarpiece, but Raphael died before he could complete it. It was instead finished by Giulio Romano, who was one of Raphael's assistants.

Raphael died on his 37th birthday. He was buried in the Pantheon in Rome. His funeral was at the Vatican. His "Transfiguration" altarpiece was put at the head of Raphael's funeral carriage.


Non-governmental organization

A non-governmental organization (NGO) is a group of people from different countries acting together, but not connected with the government of any country. Usually non-governmental organizations are non-profit - that is, they are trying to do something other than make money for the people who run them. They include organisations such as 'Oxfam' and 'World Vision'.

Non-governmental organization (NGO) is a term that has become widely accepted as referring to a legally constituted, non-governmental organization created by natural or legal persons with no participation or representation of any government. In the cases in which NGOs are funded totally or partially by governments, the NGO maintains its non-governmental status and excludes government representatives from membership in the organization.

Government funding of NGOs is controversial, since, according David Rieff, writing in "The New Republic", "the whole point of humanitarian intervention was precisely that NGOs and civil society had both a right and an obligation to respond with acts of aid and solidarity to people in need or being subjected to repression or want by the forces that controlled them, whatever the governments concerned might think about the matter."

Unlike the term intergovernmental organization, "non-governmental organization" is a term in general use but is not a legal definition. In many jurisdictions these types of organization are defined as "civil society organizations" or referred to by other names.


NGO’s work for uplifting the poor and backward sections of the community. Moreover, the main function which is performed by NGOs is to bridge the gap of inequalities and unfair treatments.


Wikipedia

Wikipedia () is a free online encyclopedia website in 336 languages of the world. 324 languages are currently active and 12 are closed.

People can freely use it, share it, and change it, without having to pay. It is also one of the biggest wiki organizations. People can choose to give money to the Wikimedia Foundation to fund Wikipedia and its sister projects. It is an open content website. This means anyone can copy or edit it and make changes to it if they follow the for copying or editing. 

Wikipedia is owned by an American organization, the Wikimedia Foundation, which is in San Francisco, California.

Wikipedia's name is a combination of two words, "wiki" and "encyclopedia."

Wikipedia was started on January 9, 2001, by Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger as part of an earlier online encyclopedia named Nupedia. On January 15, 2001, Wikipedia became a separate website of its own. It is a wiki that uses the software MediaWiki (like all other Wikimedia Foundation projects).

Anyone who wishes to can change the pages on Wikipedia, or even make new ones. Wikipedia has a standard page layout for all pages in the encyclopedia.

As of September 2011, Wikipedia had about 18 million pages in about 300 languages and more than 3.50 billion words across all Wikipedias. The regular English Wikipedia is the largest Wikipedia edition.
Wikipedia began as a related project for Nupedia. Nupedia was a free English-language online encyclopedia project. Nupedia's articles were written and owned by Bomis, Inc which was a web portal company. The important people of the company were Jimmy Wales, the person in charge of Bomis, and Larry Sanger, the editor-in-chief of Nupedia. Nupedia was first licensed under the Nupedia Open Content License which was changed to the GNU Free Documentation License before Wikipedia was founded and made their first article when Richard Stallman requested them.

Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales are the ones who started Wikipedia. Wales is credited with defining the goals of the project. Sanger created the strategy of using a wiki to reach Wales' goal. On January 10, 2001, Larry Sanger proposed on the Nupedia mailing list to create a wiki as a "feeder" project for Nupedia. Wikipedia was launched on January 15, 2001. It was launched as an English-language edition at www.wikipedia.com, and announced by Sanger on the Nupedia mailing list. Wikipedia's policy of "neutral point-of-view" was enforced in its initial months and was similar to Nupedia's earlier "nonbiased" policy. Otherwise, there weren't very many rules initially, and Wikipedia operated independently of Nupedia.

Wikipedia gained early contributors from Nupedia, Slashdot, and from people who looked it up. It grew to about 20,000 articles and 18 languages by the end of 2001. By late 2002 it had 26 languages, 46 by the end of 2003, and 161 by the end of 2004. Nupedia and Wikipedia both existed until Nupedia's servers were stopped in 2003. After this, its text was incorporated into Wikipedia. The English Wikipedia reached 2 million articles on September 9, 2007, making it the largest encyclopedia ever. It is even larger than the Yongle Encyclopedia (1407), which had held the record for exactly 600 years.

The English Wikipedia reached 3 million articles in August 2009. The number of articles and contributors appeared to be growing less quickly around the spring of 2007.

In October 2014, the Wikipedia Monument was unveiled to the public in Poland to honor all the contributors of Wikipedia. 

According to the TechCrunch website, on 23 January 2020, Wikipedia reached more than 6 million articles on the English Wikipedia.

On 13 January 2021, the English Wikipedia reached one billion edits, where the billionth edit was made by Steven Pruitt.

MIT Press published an open access book of essays "Wikipedia @ 20: Stories of an Unfinished Revolution", edited by Joseph Reagle and Jackie Koerner with contributions from prominent Wikipedians, Wikimedians, researchers, journalists, librarians and other experts reflecting on particular histories and themes.

By November 2021, Wikipedia had fallen to the thirteenth-placed website in the world for global internet engagement.

In January 2021, was noted in the media.



Conservation law

A conservation law is a statement used in physics that says that the amount of something does not change in time. That thing could be as simple as mass or charge, or something that has to be calculated, like energy, or angular momentum.

For example, the "law of conservation of mass" is the conservation law that says that the amount of mass is always conserved, even if it is changed into another form. This means that if the mass of the universe could be measured right now, its mass would be known tomorrow because it will not change.

For a long time, people thought that these laws were true for the amount of mass and energy in the universe. Later on, Albert Einstein said that they were not completely true. He said that mass could change into energy (or the other way around). If this happened, it would be against the conservation laws because if mass was changed into energy, the total amount of mass goes down, and the total amount of energy goes up. 

Einstein said that conservation laws could still be used if all the mass and all the energy were combined. He said that even though the mass changes or the energy changes, the sum when they are added together does not change. So now there is just one conservation law for mass and energy together.

Of course, mass is measured in kilograms, and energy is measured in joules. They cannot be added together directly, but Einstein found a way to add them together. He created the equation formula_1. This equation means is that before adding the amount of mass to the amount of energy, the mass must be multiplied by the speed of light and then by the speed of light again.

Some of the things that are thought to be conserved are:

Conservation laws are helpful for people when they do problems in Physics. This is because if they know that a thing is conserved, it gives them more mathematical information about the thing they are doing the problem about.

Emmy Noether showed that conservation laws can be said to arise from symmetries in the laws of physics. This theorem, called Noether's theorem gives physicists an extremely powerful tool to try and solve complicated problems.

For example: 

Conservation laws can come in two types, global, or local. 

A global conservation law just says that the total amount of something in the universe does not change in time. 

A local conservation law says a little bit more than that. It says that if the amount of something changed in one place, it is because it moved into or out of that place, and we can measure that movement.

Animal rights

Animal rights is a term used for the general belief that non-human animals deserve rights. Most people that support animal rights believe that humans should not use animals in food, clothing, experimentation, and entertainment.

People that support animal rights also believe that just as you have human rights simply because you are a human, other animals deserve animal rights simply because they are an animal.

Things like Animal Farm, by George Orwell is an allegory, showing that animals have rights, and the political side of things too.



Aaron Sorkin

Aaron Benjamin Sorkin (born June 9, 1961) is an American screenwriter and movie director. He was born in New York City, New York. He is most famous for creating and writing "The West Wing", a television series about the lives of people who work in the White House. He also wrote the movies "The American President" and "A Few Good Men" (which he took from a play he had written with the same name), and created and wrote the television series "Sports Night". 

A director, he is known for his works in "Molly's Game", "The Trial of the Chicago 7" and "Being the Ricardos".

Aristophanes

Aristophanes (born around 450/445 BC – died around 385 BC) was a Greek writer who wrote 40 plays. However, only 11 of his plays survive in their entirety. He is famous for writing comedies. They were biting satires aimed at famous men of his day, and the all-too-human weaknesses of ordinary people.

His most famous play, "Lysistrata", is about a group of women who protest against a war by not having sexual intercourse with their husbands until the war is ended.

Ancient Greek theatre was first presented in competitions at the festival of Dionysia, dedicated to the god Dionysus. The interesting thing is that Aristophanes did not always win first prize. The plays which won ahead of his have been lost, so we cannot make comparisons.

George Grote said of Aristophanes:




40s BC

This article talks about what happened in between 40 and 31 BC.



California Institute of Technology

The California Institute of Technology (called "Caltech" for short) is a major American research university in the city of Pasadena in the state of California. Caltech specializes - is especially good, or especially interested - in the study of engineering, computer science, and the physical sciences (some physical sciences are physics and chemistry, as well as others). Caltech is also in charge of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, also called JPL. JPL is part of NASA, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, which is the part of the United States government that explores space. Caltech is not owned or run by the United States, or NASA, but NASA pays Caltech to run JPL for them. By most measures, it is the most selective college/university in the world and has one of the highest faculty-to-student ratios in the world.

Caltech's mascot is the beaver. Many schools that specialize in engineering have beavers for their mascot, because in the wild, beavers are known for making dams, and so people think that they are the animal most like engineers.


Secrecy

A secret is information or facts that only one person or group knows about. There are many reasons for not telling or sharing the truth with others. 

Some secrets are good. These are ones that should be kept secret. An example of a good secret is respect for a citizen's privacy. But some secrets are bad, if keeping facts hidden causes harm. An example of a bad secret is child abuse. Some things might be kept secret only for a short time, such as a surprise party. Other things may need to be kept secret forever. Sometimes things might be kept secret from someone because it is believed that it would upset them to know. 

Some things need to be kept secret for security reasons. If a person has a bank account they must keep their password secret. No one else should know it. Espionage is snooping for someone else's secrets. Criminals like to keep their crimes secret. 

In a business, some information is kept secret. This is also called "confidential". Conversations at meetings are sometimes confidential. People who were at the meeting cannot go telling everyone else what was discussed. Usually, managers will make this a rule for an employee. Trade secrets are protected by law.

Another type of secret is Cryptography. These are codes that unlock other secrets. So, secrets are being used to protect secrets.


Chicago Cubs

The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). The Cubs became World Series Champions in 2016, ending a 108-year drought.

The Cubs were started in 1870. They originally wore all-white uniforms and were called the Chicago White Stockings. (The current Chicago White Sox got their nickname from the Cubs' original nickname.) By the 1890s the team was called the "Colts". In the early 1900s, the nicknames "Colts" and "Cubs" were both used. The name "Cubs" became official in 1906.

The team was very successful in its early years. They won the first National League championship in 1876. They won several pennants in the 1880s and then again in the early 1900s. After they won their second World Series in 1908, they went into the longest championship drought in the history of North American sports. They won the World Series in 1907, 1908, and 2016. They won the pennant, but lost the World Series in 1906, 1910, 1918, 1929, 1932, 1935, 1938, and 1945.

The Wrigley family, founders of the Wrigley Gum Company, owned the team from about 1920 to about 1980. The Chicago Tribune bought the team and operated them for close to 30 years. They were sold to the Ricketts family in 2009.

When playing home games in Chicago, the Cubs play at Wrigley Field. The stadium was built in 1914 and has been the home playing field of the Cubs since 1916.

During games, the stadium is filled with Cubs fans, who are known for always cheering for their team, even if they are not winning. Even when the Cubs held the record for the longest championship dry spell in all of American professional sports (until they won the World Series in 2016), their fans remain loyal to them.

The name "Billy Goat " comes from a bar known as the Billy Goat Tavern, located on lower Wacker drive in downtown Chicago. By the time the story of this "curse" started to get out, all the main characters were conveniently dead.
The story is:
During the 1945 World Series, a man by the name of Vasili "Billy Goat" Sianis attended Game 4 of the series with his pet goat. During the 7th inning of the game, the Stadium's security guards asked Sianis to leave the stadium because his goat was bothering other fans. Sianis became angry and cursed the Cubs, saying that they would never win or even play in a World Series as long as they played at Wrigley Field. Although the curse is often seen as a joke for most Cubs fans, some fans thought it could be the reason for the Cubs' championship drought between 1908 and 2016. The drought ended and the "curse" was reversed in 2016 when the team won their third World Series title.

In the 2016 World Series, the Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians. They fell 3 games to 1 to the Indians, but then, on the brink of elimination, won the next three games, and thereby won the series. Game 7 went down as a classic. It was an exciting back-and-forth game, in which the Cubs won in 10 innings to win their first World Series since 1908. The Cubs became sixth team to win a World Series after trailing 3 games to 1.


Herpes simplex

Herpes simplex is an infection by a virus. The herpes simplex virus (HSV) causes two common diseases. Both diseases have painful, watery blisters in the skin or mucous membranes (such as the mouth or lips) or on the genitals.

An infection on the lips is commonly known as a cold sore or fever blister. A cold sore is not the same as a canker sore, which appears inside the mouth and is caused by something else.

The disease is contagious, especially when it is active. "Contagious" means that it can spread from one person to another. There is no cure for this disease. This means that it cannot be stopped, once a person has got it. When a person has got the disease, he or she will get outbreaks from time to time. There are drugs that can make these outbreaks shorter, for many people. These antiviral drugs stop the virus from spreading. They will shorten the time people show symptoms.

The two types of herpes virus are known as simplex virus, type 1 (HSV-1) and type 2 (HSV-2). HSV-1 usually causes infections around the mouth. HSV-2 more commonly causes genital infections. Viruses are transmitted through body fluids, or lesions in the skin. Transmission can also occur, when there are no symptoms. Genital herpes is classified as a sexually transmitted infection. It may be spread to a baby during childbirth. Herpes outbreaks can occur, because of decreased immune function, stress, and sunlight exposure.

Usually, herpes is diagnosed based on the symptoms. There are tests that can confirm this diagnosis. Testing the blood for antibodies against the virus can confirm a previous infection but will be negative in new infections.

Herpes is very common. Worldwide rates of either HSV-1 or HSV-2 are between 60% and 95% in adults. Most people get HSV-1 when they are children. Since there is "no cure" for either HSV-1 or HSV-2, more people get it as they get older. Rates of HSV-1 are between 70% and 80% in poorer people and 40% to 60% in richer people. About 536 million people worldwide (16% of the population) were infected with HSV-2 as of 2003. It is more common among women and in developing countries. Most people with HSV-2 do not know that they are infected.

Władysław Reymont

Władysław Stanisław Reymont, born as Stanisław Władysław Rejment, (May 7, 1867 in Kobielce Wielkie, Poland – December 5, 1925 in Warsaw, Poland) was a well-known Polish writer, who won the Nobel Prize in 1924 for his four-volume epic novel "Chłopi" ("The Peasants"). This novel was about life of this part of the society. He also wrote "Ziemia obiecana" ("The Promised Land"), about industrial capitalism in 19th century Łódź.

Many people say he is one of the greatest and most prominent Polish writers of all time and one of the greatest in 20th century.

Reymont was born in the family of the organist. His father, Józef Rejment, a well-read man, had a musical education and in tuszyńskiej performed the parish duties of the organist, and also carried on Civil Status Registers and the correspondence of the parish priest with Russian authorities. Mother, Antonia from Kupczyńskich, had talent for a story. She came from the impoverished Cracow gentry; in mature years the writer has often emphasized this fact.

Extraversion and introversion

Introversion and extraversion is a personality dimension. It was promoted by Carl Jung in the 1920s. Individual people differ on this scale. According to the theory, introverts get energy from inside themselves (ideas and concepts in their own minds), while extroverts get energy from outside of themselves (interacting with other people). There are many ideas about introversion and extroversion which are false, such as the idea(s) that all introverts are shy, antisocial and non-emotional. 

The idea of introversion and extroversion has been used in many different personality tests and is a key determining factor for many things. Those who follow this way of looking at the world say that everyone has some parts of both traits in them, although one will usually dominate over the other. 

At one time, extroverts were thought to make up almost three quarters of American society. In more modern times, however, researchers have been able to ascertain that the number of introverts almost equals the number of extroverts in the country. Interestingly, also, the prevalence of both types varies from country to country, with certain nations (Scandinavian countries, Japan) favouring introversion and others (most notably America) favouring extroversion.

Sartell, Minnesota

Sartell is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The 2020 census said 19,351 people live in the city. Sartell is in both Stearns County and Benton County.

Sartell started as a small town near the Mississippi River. It was first named "The Third Rapids" because it was the third rapids that French fur traders came to as they went north from St. Anthony Falls in Minneapolis.

One of the first people to live in this young town was Joseph B. Sartell. He came in 1854 and worked as a millwright at a local sawmill. In 1877, he started a flour mill at the nearby Watab River. In 1884, he started the Sartell Brothers Lumber Company with his sons. In 1905, some people started to build the Watab Pulp and Paper Company. They also started to build the Sartell Dam across the Mississippi near the "third rapids". Both of these things were finished in 1907. Seven people died when building the dam. Since that time, Watab Pulp and Paper was rebuilt several times and many people bought and sold it. Now a company called International Paper owns it.

It was in 1907 that residents of the town decided it was time to incorporate. Several influential people felt the town ought to be named "Wengert" after a local businessman. Another man lobbyied to have the town named "Oberly" after himself. However, because of his many relatives and generous contributions to the community, the town was incorporated as "The Village of Sartell" in honor of Joseph B. Sartell. From 1907 until 1973, there was a Sartell on nearly every City Council, the most prominent being Ripley B. "Rip" Sartell who was mayor for 31 years.

The town continued to grow slowly and developed a number of businesses and a "downtown" on the east side of the Mississippi along U.S. Highway 10. In the 1960s, the highway was re-routed and the downtown area suffered. The later construction of a new bridge over the Mississippi in the early 1980s replaced the remaining businesses. This and Sartell’s move to St. Cloud, Minnesota's major retail center account for Sartell's lack of a traditional "downtown".

Because residents wanted to educate their children locally, Independent School District #748, Sartell-St. Stephen, was created in 1969. Despite not having a downtown the city continued to grow and the pace of the growth increased in the 1970s. From 1970 to the present, the population of the city has grown from 700 to nearly 20,000.

Sartell's city council has a mayor and four council members. They are elected to represent the community. They also make policy for the city. In October 2005, Sartell's mayor was Robert Pogatshnik and its four council members were Mary Lewandowski, Tim O'Driscoll, Paul Orndorff, and Joe Perske. The City Council also appoints a City Administrator who overseas the day-to-day operations of the city and implements the policies of the council.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of 27.0 km² (10.4 mi²). 26.3 km² (10.2 mi²) of it is land and 0.7 km² (0.3 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 2.5% water.

The city is on both sides of the Mississippi River. The area around the city has lots of farmland and forests.

Because the Mississippi River goes through the city, people use the river to have fun. When it is warm, people ride boats, swim, catch fish and water ski on the river. When the river is frozen in winter, people ride snowmobiles, cross country ski, and catch fish through holes in the ice.

The city has also built places for people to have fun. These include 24 parks, walking pathways, playgrounds, a bike lane, tennis courts, baseball and soccer fields, ice rinks, a disc golf course and a wading pool.

Sartell's largest employer is Verso Paper. They own a paper mill in the city. Another large employer is DeZurik Water Controls.

Sartell's Chamber of Commerce says that the city has many small business.

As of the census of 2020, there were 19,351 people, 7,386 households, and 4,853 families living in Sartell. The population density was . There were 7,602 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the township was 89.2% White, 1.9% Black or African American, 0.4% Native American, 2.4% Asian, 1.2% other races, and 4.9% two or more races. Hispanic or Latino were 2.7% of the people.

There were 7,386 households. Of those, 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were married couples living together. 25.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 15.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62.

In the city, the population had 28.4% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 13.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.3 years. There were 9,267 males and 10,084 females.

In 2022, the median (middle) income for a household in the township was about $74,177. The median income for a family was about $95,824. The per capita income for the township was about $39,501. About 3.7% of families and 7.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.9% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.

Transportation to and from Sartell is limited to surface roads, mainly U.S. Highway 10 and Minnesota Highway 15 which both pass along the outskirts of the city. A rail line runs through town but serves only as freight transportation for the local paper mill. The dams along the Mississippi River and the waterway's relatively shallow depth render it useless for anything more than recreational watercraft traffic.

Sartell's proximity to St. Cloud allows for convenient access to St. Cloud Regional Airport.



Sunset

A sunset, which in some American dialects is called a sundown, is the time where the Sun goes below the horizon to the West. It is not dusk, which is the point when darkness begins, which can be sometime after the Sun sets, this begins twilight. The opposite of the sunset is the sunrise.

Pop punk

Pop punk (or punk-pop) is a form of popular music that blends punk rock with pop music and rock music. Pop-punk music has a lighter, happier sound than most punk rock and hardcore punk music. Most punk rock and hardcore punk music sounds angry and harsh, and has lyrics (words) about protest and anger.

There are several types of pop-punk. An early type of pop-punk was developed right after Punk rock became popular in the late 1970s. Most of this kind of music is very much like Punk rock, but it features things from other kinds of music like pop music and older rock music, and country music, so different people can enjoy it. Some people call the Ramones a pop-punk band. The Ramones were a band from the United States.

In the 1990s, pop-punk became very popular in North America. Bands such as Green Day, Blink-182 and Zebrahead sold millions of recordings and did many tours.

In the 21st century, many bands have contributed to the pop punk genre. They include Fall Out Boy, Relient K, FM Static, Hawk Nelson, and Amber Pacific.

Some people who like 1970s punk rock or 1980s hardcore punk do not like pop-punk. The 1970s punk rock or 1980s hardcore punk was usually angry, rebellious protest music. In contrast, 2000s pop-punk songs are nicer and lighter. Some people think 2000s pop-punk is too commercialized and nothing like the older punk music from the 1970s and 1980s.


Sheryl Crow

Sheryl Crow (born February 11, 1962) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She can also play guitar and bass guitar.

Many of her songs have charted and are still popular. They include "The First Cut Is the Deepest", "Soak Up the Sun", "If It Makes You Happy" and "All I Wanna Do".

Crow has never married. She has two adopted sons, Wyatt Steven Crow (born in 2007) and Levi James Crow (born in 2010).

She had breast cancer in 2006.



Chubby Checker

Ernest Evans (born October 3, 1941) better known as Chubby Checker, is a pop singer from the United States. He is most famous for his dance songs. After his famous appearance on American Bandstand, his cover version of Hank Ballard's "The Twist" hit #1 became a popular dance.

<br>

Irish people

The Irish are an ethnic group who come from or came from the island of Ireland. There are two countries on the island of Ireland: the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. Historically, the Irish have been primarily a Celtic people. Many countries, especially English-speaking countries, have people with Irish roots.

In Northern Ireland, there have been violent fights between the Unionists, who identify as British people and are mainly Protestant, and the Nationalists, who identify as Irish and are mainly Catholic. Irish people have a strong culture and beliefs.

Due to problems in Ireland, most importantly a famine between 1845 and 1852, caused by the potatoes in Ireland being destroyed by disease, many Irish moved out of Ireland, including Great Britain, and to other countries like the United States, Canada, and Australia. At present, many more Irish live in the United States than in Ireland, with many of them living in large American cities such as Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago. The population of Irish people in the United States is over seven times more populated than that of those who live in the original homeland of Ireland.


Claude Debussy

Achille-Claude Debussy (born St Germain-en-Laye, 22 August 1862; died Paris, 25 March, 1918) was a French composer. He was one of the most important composers of the early 20th century. Most of his compositions are for orchestra or for piano. He also wrote some songs, chamber music and one opera. He made his music very different from the Romantic style that other composers were using at the time. He is often called an Impressionistic composer because he was influenced by the group of painters called “Impressionists”. They were not so much interested in making their paintings look exactly like the real world, but preferred to paint things such as the effect of the sunlight shining on water. Debussy often did this in his music, which creates a special atmosphere.

Claude Debussy did not have an easy childhood. His father was a travelling salesman and his mother worked as a seamstress. He learned the piano when he was young and was inducted into the Paris Conservatoire at age 11. For a time it seemed that he would become a concert pianist, but he did not do well enough in his examination. After winning an important prize, the Prix de Rome, he went to Rome for two years but he did not enjoy it. He visited Bayreuth in 1888 and 1889 to hear Wagner’s operas but he did not like them. He preferred sounds like that of the Javanese gamelan which he heard in Paris at the World Exhibition.

In 1899 he married a young woman named Rosalie Texier. He got a job as music critic of a journal called "La revue blanche". He wrote his opera "Pélleas et Mélisande" which was performed at the Opéra-Comique. It was extremely successful and was performed 100 times there during the next ten years. He wrote exciting music for orchestra: "Fêtes galantes" and a work called "La Mer" ("The Sea") which he worked at while staying in Brighton on the south coast of England. It is one of the most exciting pieces of music about the sea.

Debussy was starting to become very famous. His personal life changed. He left his wife because he had fallen in love with Emma Bardac who was an amateur singer for whom Gabriel Fauré had written a song cycle "La Bonne Chanson". Her husband was a banker. She bought an apartment and Debussy lived with her there for the rest of his life. They had a daughter called Chou-Chou, born in 1905. They married in 1908.

Debussy’s next orchestral work was called "Images". He began composing a set of preludes for piano. Other works followed: "Khamma", "Le martyre de St Sébastian" and the ballet "Jeux", which was produced in 1913 by Dyagilev’s company. People soon forgot about this work because only two weeks later the same ballet company produced Stravinsky’s "Rite of Spring" which caused a riot.

By this time Debussy was ill with colorectal cancer. His visit to London in 1914 was his last trip to another country. He wrote more piano works: a set of Études and a piano duet called "En blanc et noir" ("In white and black"). He planned to write six sonatas, each for a different group of instruments, but he only wrote three of them: one for cello and piano, one for flute, viola and harp and one for violin and piano. The "Sonata for violin and piano" (1917) was the last work he played in public (he played the piano part). He died of colorectal cancer in 1918.

Saint-Saëns, for example, did not understand the way that the musical ideas flowed gently into one another. He was always an enemy of Debussy.

There is a lot of variety in Debussy’s piano music.　Some of it is very difficult to play, e.g. the "Études" and pieces such as "L’isle joyeuse" ("The happy island"). Other collections are much simpler, e.g. "Suite bergamasque" which includes the very popular piece called "Clair de lune" ("Moonlight"). He wrote two books of preludes. Each of the pieces has a title, but the titles are printed at the end of each piece, as if he did not want the listener to know what it was about until afterwards.

Debussy wrote wonderfully for the voice, making the music just right for the rhythm of the French language. This can be heard in his songs and his opera. Using melodies and harmonies which are often quite simple he creates a special kind of dream-world which can be very powerful. He often uses the whole tone scale and the pentatonic scale which give the music a hazy feeling because it does not seem to be clearly in one particular key. He liked to use unusual chords just for their own sake, not in order to make them lead to a particular key. He also used the old scales known as the church modes.

Debussy’s music had a great influence on many composers in the 20th century. John Cage, Olivier Messiaen, Pierre Boulez, Karlheinz Stockhausen and Frederico Mompou all learned from listening to his music.

Groves Dictionary of Music Online

P.O.D.

P.O.D. (which stands for Payable on Death) is a metal band from San Diego, California. Its fans are called "The Warriors", and the band is known for its Christian messages.

The members are Sonny Sandoval (lead singer), Marcos Curiel (guitar player), Wuv Bernardo (drummer) and Traa Daniels (bass player).

The band released an album in 1999 called "The Fundamental Elements of Southtown", which became very popular, and P.O.D. made a lot of fans who saw the band on MTV.

In 2001, P.O.D. made a second album called "Satellite", which had a more nu metal post-grunge vibe and several hit songs, like "Boom," "Alive," "Youth of the Nation," "Set It Off," "Satellite," and "Portrait." In 2003, P.O.D. made the album "Payable On Death", which had a heavy neo-grunge sound and a hint of reggae.

Their next album, "Testify", was released in 2006. It was similar to "Satellite" in sound and featured two duets with Matisyahu. In 2008, P.O.D. released the album "When Angels & Serpents Dance".

Differential

Differential can refer to different concepts:


Blackbird

Blackbird may refer to:
Two groups of birds in the parvorder Passerida:


Geta (footwear)

Geta are traditional Japanese sandals. They are stilted to keep the hem of a kimono above the ground. They are worn with tabi socks. Geta makes the person's feet stay out of the mud.

Usually Japanese people wear them with a casual kimono rather than formal one. It is common to wear them with bare feet when a yukata is worn. Also they are worn with western clothes. 
Today, in Japan, most people rarely wear kimono and rarely wear geta. One reason for this is most gravel roads were changed to asphalt roads for Tokyo Olympic. Since 1995, the number of people who wear geta casually increased because of the pretty looks and sounds. In addition, the popularity of geta grew little by little through trend for yukata. At one time, Japanese people thought that it is hard to walk with geta and sometimes get injured by hanao. Hanao is a rope which is set between the big toe and second toe when geta are worn. However, because of efforts by yukata makers and footwear makers, Japanese people are starting to like to wear geta again.

Tabi

Tabi are traditional Japanese socks. The sock is divided at the toes that forms them into two groups. Tabi socks are worn with "zori" or "geta" sandals. The Tabi is of many different colours mainly white.

Bydgoszcz

Bydgoszcz (, ) is a city in the north of Poland, capital of Kujavia-Pomerania voivodship, on the Brda and Wisła rivers. As of 2020, 345 000 people live there. Bydgoszcz is one of the biggest cities in Poland - placed in the 8th position. The city was started in 1346 by the king of Poland Casimir III the Great. Patrons of the city are Saint Martin of Tours and Saint Nicholas.

The city is a big center of industry, trade, logistic and traffic cord. In the city is located the Ignacy Jan Paderewski International Airport. In Bydgoszcz, there's a big military garrison and headquarters of most NATO institutions present in Poland.

Bydgoszcz belongs to the greenest cities in Poland, has more than 30 parks which occupy more than 970 hectares. In the north part of the city, the biggest city park in Poland - Myślęcinek - is located. 

Bydgoszcz has many monuments, starting with the gothic cathedral and ending with the downtown, which has Art Nouveau tenement houses. A unique monument is the oldest in Poland artificial waterway - Bydgoszcz Canal, which connects the Vistula and the Oder rivers.

The most visited place in Bydgoszcz is Old Town with the Mill Island. The most important monuments in this area are gothic churches, including a cathedral, fragments of city walls and granaries from the XVII century.

Bydgoszczy's downtown was built almost completely between 1850 and 1914 and is famous for Art Nouveau tenement houses. The east part of the downtown was built on assumptions garden city movement. The Music District - with the Pomeranian Filharmonija, the Bydgoszcz Academy of Music and the Polish Theatre are also located here.

Bydgoszcz has many museums. The biggest one is the Leon Wyczółkowski Regional Museum which has a wide collection including art, numismatics, archeology and souvenirs related to Bydgoszcz.  

The Mystery of Edwin Drood

The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the last novel written by Charles Dickens. The novel was not finished at the time of Dickens's death (9 June 1870) and his ending for it is unknown.

The story is set in a fictional town called Cloisterham, which is believed to be based on Rochester. It begins as John Jasper is leaving a place in London where opium (a powerful drug) is taken by lots of people. Jasper leads a choir (group of singers) in a large church in Cloisterham. The next day Jasper is visited by his nephew Edwin Drood. Edwin tells Jasper he is worried about getting married to a girl called Rosa Bud. He has to get married to her because his parents and Rosa’s parents said they had to.

The next day, Edwin finds Rosa in a nun’s house which is a school. At the same time, Jasper wants to learn about the graveyard, so he goes to find a man called Durdles, who knows a lot about the graveyard. A person called Neville Landless has a twin sister called Helena. They are both sent to a school in Cloisterham. Helena goes to live with Rosa in the nuns’ house, and Neville is taught by a reverend named Crisparkle.
We find out that Neville doesn’t like his stepfather who is a nasty man. He tells this to Crisparkle. Rosa tells Helena that she doesn’t like Jasper, who is her music teacher. She says she finds him scary. When Neville meets Rosa, he falls in love with her. He is angry that Edwin Drood doesn’t like her very much, but still wants to get married. Edwin makes Neville angry, and Neville attacks him. Jasper tells everyone that Neville is a violent (hurts a lot of people) person.

Reverend Crisparkle wants Edwin and Neville to be friends. He wants to say sorry to Edwin, but only is Edwin accepts the apology (saying sorry). They all decide to have dinner the day before Christmas at Jasper’s house, so that everyone can say sorry.

Mr. Gregious who takes care of Rosa, tells Rosa that she has a lot of money. This money is from her father who is dead. She asks him if they money will still be given to her if she doesn’t marry Edwin. Mr Gregious says that she will still get the money even if she doesn’t marry Edwin. Mr. Gregious meets Edwin and gives him a ring. The ring belonged to Rosa’s father, and gave is to Rosa’s mother when they got married. Mr Gregious says that if Edwin loves Rosa and wants to stay with her forever, he must give her the ring. If he doesn’t love Rosa, and doesn’t want to stay with her forever, he must give the ring back to Mr. Gregious. There is another man watching to make sure Mr. Gregious and Edwin follow the rules. Rosa and Edwin talk and they say they both don’t want to get married anymore. They want ask Mr. Grewgious to tell Jasper this. Edwin says he will soon give the ring back.

Meanwhile, Jasper is in the graveyard again with Durdles. Jasper gives Durdles some very strong wine, which makes him drunk. Jasper finds out that Durdles can tap the stone coffins and knows what is in them from this. Jasper is interested in this trick. Suddenly they see a boy called Deputy. Jasper thinks the boy was following them, so he holds him by the neck. He doesn’t kill him though, and lets him go.

On Christmas Eve, Neville buys a stick for walking. He wants to do some walking in his spare time in the countryside. Edwin goes to a jewellery shop because his watch is broken. A woman who uses opium (powerful drug) asks him what his first name is. He tells her. She says that she is happy his name is not Ned. She says that Ned is in danger. Edwin doesn’t listen to her, but he knows that Jasper sometimes calls him Ned.

They have the planned dinner, and everyone is friends again. Edwin and Neville go down to the river to see the storm. The next day, we find out that Edwin is missing. Jasper tells everyone that Neville killed him. Neville goes off for a walk, but the village people bring him back to the town.

Reverend Crisparkle stops Neville from going to jail by saying that he will look after him. He says that he will bring Neville forward whenever he is needed. Jasper is then told that Edwin and Rosa won’t get married. He is very upset. Crisparkle finds Edwin’s watch and other belongings at the river.

Half a year later Neville is living in London. A man called Mr. Tartar meets Neville and he wants to share his garden with him. He lives near Neville. A new character called Dick Datchery comes to Cloisterham. He lives near Jasper and watches him. Datchery meets Deputy and asks where Jasper lives. Deputy doesn’t ever go near there because he is afraid Jasper will choke (grab his neck) him again.

Jasper goes and visits Rosa. He tells her that he loves her. She tells him to leave. He doesn’t give up, and says he will destroy Neville unless she loves him. Because Neville is the brother of her friend Helena, Rosa is frightened. She goes to Mr. Grewgious in London, and Crisparkle follows her. Mr. Tartar meets him and asks him if he knows who he is. Crisparkle remembers that Tartar once saved him from dying in a river. They tell Rosa not to talk to Neville or Helena in case Jasper is watching. However, Tartar lets Rosa meet Helena. Grewgious finds a place for Rosa to live with another woman.

We see that Jasper is visiting the place where lots of people smoke opium in London. He has not been there for a long time. The woman who owns the place follows him. She promises not to lose him again like last time. She follows him all the way to Cloisterham. She meets Mr. Datchery, who tells her Jasper’s name. He also says that he is going to sing in the church service in the morning. The woman is called Princess Puffer. She goes to the service and shakes her fist (a sign of anger and hate) at Jasper.

Dickens died before the story was finished. He made a summary of the story as planned in a letter to his friend John Forster.

Despite its lack of completeness, the novel has a history of media exposure. There are two films (1935 and 1993) and three television versions (1960 and 2012 in English, and 1980 in Russian). The novel has been on radio and in the theatre. There are a number of versions in print.

In general, people have believed what Dicken's friend John Forster reported: Jasper murdered Drood. In 2015, the UK newspaper "The Daily Mail" and the University of Buckingham asked the public for their solution to the mystery. Out of 15,000 responses, the overwhelming verdict was that Jasper killed his own nephew and stashed his body in the church crypt, the same solution proposed by Dickens' friends and family.


Vientiane

Vientiane () is the capital city of Laos and the city with the largest number of people. It is in the Mekong Valley and over two hundred thousand people live in its central area.

It is on the Laos-Thailand border, being kept apart by the Mekong River. In other words, if one crossed the river from Vientiane, he/she would enter Thailand. The city is close to the First Thai-Lao Friendship Bridge, an bridge that is also a border crossing and port between Thailand and Laos.

Even though it is the country's most populated city, many travelers to the city have said that Vientiane feels like a small town.

Popular tourist sites of the city include the Patuxai Monument, the Lao Textile Museum, the Pha That Luang stupa, the Buddha Park, and Haw Phra Kaew.

The city has one of three universities in the entire country, the National University of Laos.

Despite being the country's most populated city, many international companies do not exist in Laos. There is no McDonald's, Burger King, KFC, 7-Eleven, or Grab throughout the entire country. However, international companies like Big C, Chester's Chicken, and Texas Chicken do exist in Vientiane. Starbucks opened its first store in the country at the Parkson Mall in 2022.

Dome

A dome is a building or roof that usually looks like the upper half of a sphere.

As a roof feature, domes make many religious and government buildings stand out, because if someone is speaking to others inside or under a dome, the voice sounds louder. Also a dome makes it easier to identify an important building, for example a temple or a palace. 
A large stadium with a roof over the playing field is often called a "dome". One example of that usage is the Metrodome.

Address

An address (pronounced AD-dress or ad-DRESS) is a way to find or communicate with someone. It can be a postal address or an e-mail address. On forms, it is common to ask for someone's name, address and phone number, so that the person can be found easily.

A postal address is usually the location of someone's house, but sometimes it is the person's Post Office Box. It is the information that is put on a letter to have the letter delivered to a person.

Example (in England):

Example (in the U.S.):

Example (in Nigeria):

An email address is used to send someone an e-mail. It has a username, and this is followed by the name of the person's email provider. The at sign (@) separates the two. For example:

The "name" part can be made up of any letters or numbers, and a few special characters, but it cannot contain spaces. The "provider" part can be made up of any letters or numbers, but no special characters and no spaces. Some providers may restrict the "name" part in other ways. For example, Gmail does not allow underscores.

T cell

A T cell is a type of lymphocyte, a white blood cell. T-cells play an important role in the immune system. They attack infected cells, foreign cells, and cancer cells and completely destroy them. This stops viruses or cancer from spreading to healthy cells.

The "T" in T cell stands for thymus. The thymus is where T cells mature.








Biscuit

A biscuit is a type of food. They are small baked breads or cakes.

In British English, Australian English, Canadian English and New Zealand English, biscuits are usually sweet and can be eaten with tea, milk or coffee. In North America these are called "cookies".

In spite of the difference, this is the meaning in the name of the United States' most famous maker of cookies and crackers, National Biscuit Company (now called Nabisco).

In American English, a "biscuit" is a small form of bread, similar to scones, made with baking powder or baking soda as a leavening agent rather than yeast. (Biscuits, soda breads, and corn bread, among others, are sometimes referred to all together as "quick breads" to show that they do not need time to rise before baking.) 

Electromagnet

Electromagnets are temporary and artificial magnets. They are magnets that are only magnetic when there is a coil of wire with electricity running through it. The coil of wire is called a solenoid. The strength of the magnet is proportional to the current flowing in the circuit. The electricity running through the wire is called a current. The current is the flow of electrons, which are negatively charged particles. Electromagnets are used for a variety of purposes. In a simple example, an electromagnet can pick up pieces of iron, nickel, and cobalt.

Electromagnets can be made stronger by adding more coils to the copper wire, or adding an iron core through the coils (for example a nail). The current can also be increased to make the magnetism stronger. British electrician William Sturgeon invented the electromagnet in 1825.

An electromagnet is useful because it can be turned on and off easily (using an electric current), whereas a permanent magnet cannot be turned off and will continue to affect its immediate environment. 

Different alloys act differently. Iron stops being an electromagnet very quickly, but steel takes time to wear off. To make an electromagnet, copper wire is wound around an iron rod. The two ends of the wire are connected to the + (positive) and - (negative) side of the battery.

Electromagnets are used in everyday items such as burglar alarms, electric relays and fire bells. Electric motors are basically electromagnets. Their ability to change from the state of non-magnetic to magnetic just by passing an electric current through it allows it to be used in many different items. This ability is used in relays.

Electromagnets can also be used to make electricity. Movement of a magnet back and forth in front of the electromagnet will make an electric current.

Electromagnets work because when electricity flows through a wire it makes a magnetic field around the wire. The direction of the magnetic field can be found by using the "right-hand rule". This means that if a person points the thumb of their right hand in the direction of the current, the magnetic field would go around the wire the same way their fingers would wrap around the wire.

The magnetic field made by a single wire is not usually very strong. To make an electromagnet normally the wire is wrapped in many loops to make the fields of each piece of wire add together into one stronger magnetic field.

Palau

Palau, officially the Republic of Palau, is an island nation. It is in the Pacific Ocean. Palau is 300 miles (500 km) east of the Philippines. It got independence from United Nations trusteeship administration (administered by the United States of America) in 1994. It is one of the world's youngest and smallest nations. It is sometimes referred to in English under its native name Belau. The capitol of Palau used to be Koror. It is now located in Melekeok State.

Palau is divided into sixteen (16) administrative states:

Palau has a tropical climate all year round. Average yearly temperature is around 82 °F (27 °C).



Island country

An island country (also sometimes called island nation or borderless country) is a country that is made up only of islands. They are not connected by land to any other nation. Each island only belongs to that country, so there are no borders. Examples of borderless countries are Iceland, Japan and Madagascar.

Many island nations get money from fishing.

There are at least 51 island countries in the world, and there are countries that only consist of an island, such as Iceland or Nauru, an archipelago, such as Federated States of Micronesia or Palau, or form part of a larger island, such as Haiti or the Dominican Republic. This list also includes Australia, though a continent, and the 2 constituyent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark (The Faroe Islands and Greenland)

Australia is a continent but an island.

The Faroe Islands and Greenland are constituent countries within the Kingdom of Denmark.

Monkey Island

Monkey Island is a well-known adventure game series made and published by LucasArts.

The games are known for their humor, and often use parody and clichés, both from pirate stories as well as from films.

The story takes place in the Caribbean. In the different games. The first one involves main character Guybrush Threepwood, who wants to become a pirate, has many adventures. Each of the games usually involves the evil undead ghost/zombie pirate LeChuck and the island which gave the series its name.


Port Arthur massacre

The Port Arthur massacre was a mass killing that took place at Port Arthur, Tasmania, Australia. Port Arthur is a café and, hotel and historic site. 

On Saturday 28 and Sunday 29 April 1996 35 people were killed, and 18 people hurt. Martin Bryant used two semi-automatic guns to shoot people who were visiting Port Arthur. Bryant is in jail for the crime.

The massacre was the worst single-day mass murder incident in Australian history. 35 people died on 28 April 1996, the middle day of the massacre. After the massacre, Australia made new laws about gun control. People could not buy guns easily anymore. New laws were adopted. This law also exists in New Zealand and many other countries.

Bryant first killed the owners of a small guesthouse. Then he went to the Port Arthur Historic Site. 20 of the people killed were shot in the Broad Arrow Cafe in two minutes of gunfire. Before Bryant started shooting in the café, he ate lunch. Bryant went into the café and began shooting. There were more than 60 people in the café. He then went into the gift shop and continued shooting. Two minutes later he went back to his car to escape. He continued to shoot and kill people outside in the gardens.

Bryant then took a hostage and went back to the Seascape Guest House. He killed the hostage and then set fire to the house. He finally gave himself up to the police after 18 hours. He was burned in the fire.

Bryant was found guilty of killing 35 people. He was sentenced to a life sentence for each murder. The court said he was never to be released.

The ruins of the café are now a memorial to the people who were killed in the massacre. A square pond has been built as a place for quiet thinking. The Prime Minister of Australia, John Howard spoke at the memorial in 2006. This was to remember 10 years since the massacre.

Backpacker murders

Between 1990 and 1996, a total of seven people were killed in Australia. Since all of the people were backpackers, the events are known as backpacker murders today. All of their bodies were found in Belangalo State Forest, which is close to Sydney. Ivan Milat killed all of these people.

7 people were found in Belangalo State Forest. Five of these people were visiting Australia - three Germans and two British people. The other two were visiting Sydney from other parts of Australia. Some of these people were by themselves. Some of these people were with a friend. The 7 people were all different from each other.

On the TV they said that tourists were killed, but not everyone who died was a tourist. 

The 7 people were found all over Belangalo State Forest, which is a big area. One of them had their head chopped off. Someone had sex with some of them. Some of them had their clothes taken off. Some of them had bits of their bodies cut off and put somewhere else. Some of the bodies were by themselves. 

Some of the people had been killed with a knife. Some had been killed with a gun. Some seemed to have been strangled.

The 7 people who died had nothing in common. People who tried to find out who did it said that there may have been more than one person who killed them. They said that they may have been a part of a gang.

Ivan Milat (born 1944 died 2019) was an Australian man from New South Wales who lived near Belangalo State Forest. So police arrested Milat and searched his house. They found out that:


Milat went to court, and people in court said that he did kill all of these people.

Some people think that other people helped Milat. Some people said his brothers helped him, or a girl, or lots of other people. Police have said that there are more than 30 people that went missing that might have been killed by Milat. 

Death of Azaria Chamberlain

Azaria Chamberlain (11 June 1980 – disappeared on 17 August 1980) was an Australian baby who was born in Mount Isa, Queensland, and went missing in 1980 near Ayers Rock, Northern Territory, Australia. The family were camping in a tent at the base of the rock. Her mother, Lindy Chamberlain, said that she had been taken by a dingo and killed. Police said that Lindy Chamberlain had murdered the baby and had lied about the dingo. After a long trial which was reported around the world, Chamberlain was convicted of murder and sent to jail. Chamberlain kept arguing that she was innocent. On August 24, 1980 Wally Goodwin found Azaria's bloodstained jumpsuit, booties, nappy and singlet near the base of the Rock near a dingo's den, the case was reopened since the 1980s.

After a long legal battle which involved three inquests, three appeals and a royal commission, she was released. In 2012, a fourth inquest found that Azaria had been taken by a dingo, and the death certificate has now been changed to show this. The inquest noted that there had been other dingo attacks in the region.

Lindy Chamberlain was released from jail on February 7 1986, but not cleared until September 15 1988, at which time Lindy and Michael (her husband) were declared innocent of all charges. She and Michael were divorced on June 27 1991. She met Rick Creighton on a speaking tour of the United States in February 1992 and married him on December 20 1992.

The disappearance of Azaria became one of the most argued about events in Australia. Many people thought that a dingo would be unable to kill a baby. This meant that the mother must have lied. People in Australia say "a dingo stole my baby" as a joke, when they think someone is lying. After a dingo killed a nine-year-old boy on Fraser Island in 2001, people have had to rethink their beliefs about dingos.

Author John Bryson wrote a book about the case, called "Evil Angels." This was later made into a movie called "Evil Angels" and starred Meryl Streep and Sam Neill. The movie was released in other countries as "A Cry in the Dark."

In 2005, a woman called Erin Horsburgh said that she was really Azaria Chamberlain and wanted police to do a DNA test to check. But police said that the woman was lying and they did not need to check. This created interest in the media, but there was no truth to the story.

Murder of Peter Falconio

Peter Falconio (20 September 1972 - c. 14 July 2001) was an English tourist who went missing in Northern Territory, Australia in 2001. Falconio was last seen near a place called Barrow Creek. This is one of Australia's greatest murder mysteries. Police say that he is dead. A trial decided that Bradley John Murdoch murdered Falconio.
Peter Falconio and his girlfriend Joanne Lees had been fighting with each other. Lees was going to leave Falconio because she had a new boyfriend in Australia. Some people think that Lees wanted to kill Falconio because of this. Some people think that she might have asked Murdoch to kill Falconio for her.

Bradley John Murdoch sold drugs to people. Falconio and Lees liked to use drugs. It is thought that they knew each other, and that Falconio and Lees bought drugs from Murdoch. Falconio owed a lot of money in taxes, and he was scared. Falconio had told people that he wanted to fake his own death. Many people say they saw Falconio over a week after police say that he died. It was known that Murdoch had hurt people before this. He had once shot at some aborigines just for fun. He had told people that he thought he was being followed and was going to get rid of them. Some people think that he raped some women too.

This remains a great mystery and many people have different stories as to what really happened. A movie called "Wolf Creek" was made that is similar to the story. It was not allowed to be shown until after the trial.

John Howard

John Winston Howard (born 26 July 1939) is a former Australian politician who was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007. John Howard is the second longest serving prime minister of Australia after Robert Menzies. John Howard is a member of the Liberal Party.

John Howard was a lawyer before he became a politician. He was in parliament from 1974 until 2007. From 1977 to 1983 he was the Treasurer in Malcolm Fraser's government. Malcolm Fraser lost the 1987 election to Bob Hawke. On 24 November 2007, John Howard lost to Kevin Rudd and his parliamentary seat to Maxine McKew. He became the second prime minister to lose a parliamentary seat after Stanley Bruce in 1929.

John Howard is the fourth son of Mona ("nee" Kell) and Lyall Howard. His parents were married in 1925. His eldest brother Stanley was born in 1926, followed by Walter in 1929, and Robert (Bob) in 1936. Lyall Howard was an admirer of Winston Churchill, and a sympathiser with the New Guard. Howard's ancestors were English, Scottish and Irish.

Howard was born and raised in the Sydney suburb of Earlwood, in a Methodist family. His mother had been an office worker until her marriage. His father and his paternal grandfather, Walter Howard, were both veterans of the First AIF in World War I. They also ran two Dulwich Hill petrol stations. Howard worked there as a boy.

Howard suffered from a hearing impairment in his youth. It ruled out the chances of him becoming a barrister as a likely career from his mind. To this day, John wears a hearing aid.

One of Howard's first initiatives was to unite the state governments of Australia to place restrictions on gun ownership in Australia. This move came after the Port Arthur Massacre in Tasmania in 1996, where 35 people were killed and a further 23 injured at the hands of a gunman. In 1998, Howard and his Treasurer, Peter Costello took a big tax reform (the GST) to the election and won.
In 1999 John Howard's government held a referendum on whether Australia should become a republic and have a President instead of a Queen. However, John Howard did not support the referendum and urged people to vote no. The Australian Labor Party opposition led by Kim Beazley criticised John Howard's handling of the 1998 Australian Waterfront Dispute.

In 1999, Howard led a United Nations force into East Timor (INTERFET), to help them set up an independent democracy.

After the September 11 attacks, John Howard was involved in world issues. He was close with George W. Bush who was the leader of the United States. George Bush called John Howard a "key ally". John Howard sent SAS troops to Afghanistan and Iraq to support the United States, and signed a free trade agreement with the United States. Despite this alliance, Australia remained fairly neutral on Israel and Palestine.

Like before Howard, Australian trade with Asia got bigger while John Howard was leader. He invited the Chinese leader Hu Jintao to speak to the Australian Parliament for the first time. After the 2004 Boxing Day Tsunami, John Howard called the President of Indonesia and offered a billion dollars to help. John Howard increased immigration a lot and people came to Australia from all over the world, but he tried to stop boats of people coming without asking for visas first.

In 2005, he made it easier for bosses to get rid of workers by introducing the controversial WorkChoices industrial legislation introduced by his Workplace Relations Minister Kevin Andrews. This upset people and the Labor Party became more popular. On 24 November 2007, Kevin Rudd won an election and John Howard stopped being Prime Minister. John Howard also lost his seat in the Parliament to the Labor Party candidate Maxine McKew, a former ABC TV journalist.

Swedish language

Swedish () is a language mostly spoken in Sweden and in parts of Finland, typically along the southern and western coasts and on the Åland islands. More than nine million people speak Swedish. It is similar to two of the other Scandinavian languages, Norwegian and Danish, and a person who understands one of these languages can understand the others. Other Scandinavian languages, such as Icelandic and Faroese, are less closely related and cannot be understood by Swedish speakers. Standard Swedish is spoken and written throughout Sweden, but there are some local dialects with differences in grammar and vocabulary in small towns and rural areas. 

Swedish began as a dialect of Old Norse, which was a language that everyone in Scandinavia understood during the Viking Age. Around the 12th century Swedish began to slowly become different from the other dialects. These dialects later became what we today call Norwegian, Icelandic, Faroese and Danish. Swedish is a Germanic language with some similarities to English because of the Vikings that invaded England in the 10th Century. It is even more similar to German and Dutch, partly because of the Hanseatic League of the Middle Ages, when Sweden traded very openly with Germany.

There are three characters in the Swedish language that are not used in English. These are å, ä and ö. The letter å is a vowel sound between [a] and [o], similar to the English word "awe". The letter ä is a vowel sound similar to [ɛ], like in the English word "bed". The letter ö is a vowel sound between [o] and [ɛ], pronounced [øː] like the "u" in the English word "burn". These characters are also used in the Finnish language, while Norwegian and Danish languages replace ä and ö with similar characters æ and ø. 

Swedish also has some important differences in grammar. Definite articles are suffixed onto the end of their nouns, so "ett hus" (a house) becomes "huset" (the house). Also unlike English, Swedish uses two grammatical genders called "Common" and "Neuter". Nouns of the Common gender are sometimes called "en words", and many words for living (or once-living) things are "en words". Nouns of the Neuter gender are sometimes called "ett words".


Walter Mikac

Walter Mikac is an Australian writer and motivational speaker.

Walter Mikac's wife and two small children were killed at the Port Arthur massacre. He has written two books, one called "To Have And To Hold" and the other is called "Circle of Life: Sustenance for the Soul". It is about handling grief and tragedy. He helped create the Alannah and Madeline Foundation to help children who are the victims of violent crime


Martin Bryant

Martin Bryant (born 7 May 1967) is an Australian criminal who killed 35 people in Tasmania in 1996, in the Port Arthur massacre. He is now in prison for the most murders in Australian recorded history.

Bryant has been given a sentence of life in jail for each of the 35 murders. He is never to be released. He is held in solitary confinement (by himself) in Hobart's Risdon Prison. 

Martin Bryant is believed to have an IQ (thinking level) of an 11-year-old. Guards and doctors report that his only interest seems to be himself. He has tried to kill himself several times in prison.

Rugby League

Rugby league is a ball sport. Two teams of thirteen players play against each other. The ball used is oval in shape. The field is a rectangle shape. It is 100 metres long and 70 metres wide. It is played for 80 minutes (40 minutes each half). 

A "try" is scored when a player scores or touches the ball down in the in-goal area (the try line included). A try is worth 4 points and if it's converted (the goal kicker kicks the ball in between the goal posts), the team gets an extra 2 points. Another method of scoring points is through drop goals which are worth 1 or 2 points, or penalty goals which are worth 2 points.

Rugby league is played in over 30 countries in the world. The countries that play it the most are Australia, England, Ireland and New Zealand. The Rugby League World Cup has been played by Australia, New Zealand, England, Ireland, France, Wales, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Samoa, Tonga, Scotland, United States, Italy, Cook Islands, Lebanon, Russia and South Africa. The current world champions are Australia, who won the 2017 Rugby League World Cup. The 2021 Rugby League World Cup will be held in England.

Dustin Hoffman

Dustin Lee Hoffman (born August 8, 1937) is an American actor. He has been in many movies.

Hoffman was born in Los Angeles, California. He is the younger son of Lillian, a jazz pianist, and Harry Hoffman, who worked as a prop supervisor/set decorator at Columbia Pictures before becoming a furniture salesman. His brother, Ronald, is a lawyer and economist. Hoffman's family was Jewish, although he was not brought up religious. After he married his second wife, he started to observe Judaism more. His family was also from Yviv in what is now Ukraine. He graduated from Los Angeles High School in 1955.

Hoffman starred in "Hook", "The Graduate", "Midnight Cowboy", "Marathon Man", "All the President's Men", "Kramer vs. Kramer", "Tootsie", "Stranger than Fiction", "Meet the Fockers" and "Rain Man".

In 2013, Hoffman had successful treatment for cancer.

Chopper Read

Mark Brandon "Chopper" Read (November 17, 1954 – October 9, 2013) was an Australian mobster who was born in Melbourne, Victoria. During his criminal career in the Melbourne mafia scene, he was convicted of many crimes, including armed robbery, assault, attempted murder, arson, impersonating a police officer and kidnapping. Read retired from a life of crime and wrote a series of fiction books based on his life as a criminal.
Read started his criminal career as a child; robbing drug dealers as a teenager. During this time he was the leader of a gang. While in prison as an adult, Read made another prisoner cut off his ears so he could leave prison where a gang wanted to have him killed. Read claims that he killed 19 people during his time as a criminal. His first book was written in 1991 while he was in prison. In 2000, a movie called Chopper was made about Read's life and based on his books, it stars Eric Bana as Read.

Read has stated that he had attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, hepatitis C, cirrhosis and liver cancer. He died of liver cancer in Melbourne.

Elle McFeast

Elle McFeast was a fictional character played by Australian comedienne Libbi Gorr, who started off on a show with Andrew Denton about sport in Australia called "Live and Sweaty". Gorr made up her character's name to make fun of Australian model Elle Macpherson. "McFeast" was the name of a hamburger from McDonald's. 

McFeast had her own show for many years in Australia. She talked about many scary things, like jails and criminals, and made fun of them. One day she interviewed Chopper Read on her show. He was so scary that she had to stop her show.

Elle Macpherson

Elle Macpherson (Eleanor Nancy Gow on 29 March 1964 in Killara, Australia) was an Australian supermodel and actress. She first became famous because of her advertisements for Coca-Cola where she wore a string bikini. She became a supermodel and became very famous. She is part owner of a cafe in America. She has been in a movie called "Sirens". Macpherson is nicknamed "the body" because some people say she has a perfect body.

In 2010, she became the host and executive producer of "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model". She is currently the host and an executive producer NBC's "Fashion Star".

Macpherson met Gilles Bensimon in 1984 on a photo-session for "Elle" magazine. They were married in May 1986, and divorced in 1989.
Macpherson has two sons, Arpad Flynn Alexander Busson (born 14 February 1998), and Aurelius Cy Andrea Busson (born 4 February 2003). The father is her former partner, French financier Arpad Busson. 

Macpherson lives most of the time in Britain along with her two sons. She speaks fluent French and conversational Italian and Spanish.

From 2010 to early 2012, Macpherson was in a relationship with property developer Jeff Soffer.

Andrew Denton

Andrew Christopher Denton is an Australian comedian and television presenter who likes to make fun of politics. He is famous for his comedy and interviewing technique.

Andrew Denton used to have a television programme about sports in Australia called "Live and Sweaty". He now has a programme called "Enough Rope" where he interviews people about politics.

Rene Rivkin

Rene Rivkin (June 6, 1944 – May 1, 2005) was an Australian man, born in Shanghai, who made much money by buying stocks and shares on the Australian stockmarket. Rivkin had his own television show and magazine to help people to make money. Rivkin had cheated to make money from the stock market. Rivkin became depressed. Rivkin was put in jail. He was released, and killed himself in Sydney. Before killing himself, Rivkin said on a television show called "Enough Rope" with Andrew Denton that if he went to jail he would kill himself. Andrew Denton has said that he is very sad about this.

Eric Bana

Eric Bana (born Eric Banadinović on 9 August 1968) is an Australian actor. He was a comedian for a long time, and he was in a show called "The Comedy Company". He then became a serious actor in the movie "Chopper" which is a biopic of criminal Chopper Read. His careerstarted with the sketch series "Full Frontal." He became known for his role in the comedy drama "The Castle" (1997). Bana also acted in the movies "Troy" and "Hulk".

African-American Vernacular English

African American Vernacular English (AAVE) is a name for the way that some African-American people talk in English. Linguists named it AAVE, which is used by some non-black people. Some of the dialect's pronunciations and grammar are similar to how people talk in West Africa.

AAVE first came about in the 16th and the 17th centuries. It became famous in 1996, when some educators in Oakland, California, said they wanted to use AAVE to help teach black kids. They called it Ebonics, but the term often has a negative connotation.

There are many rules that govern how the sounds of AAVE are different from Standard English. Some have to do with pronunciation and vocabulary (or lexicon), but most have to do with grammar, including verb tenses and sentence structure.

Hip hop music has made AAVE more famous since the 1980s. Some people think it is cool and try to speak or learn it even if they are not really familiar with it. Some non-black people speak it well.

AAVE is influenced by Southern American English spoken by their white slave masters.

Many features set AAVE apart from other forms of American English (particularly, General American). McWhorter argues that what truly unites all AAVE accents is a uniquely wide-ranging intonation pattern or "melody", which characterizes even the most "neutral" or light African-American accent. Many versions of African American Vernacular English are "non-rhotic" (engaging in r-dropping), turn the "i" diphthong into a monothong, etc.

Many multisyllabic words in AAVE differ from General American in their stress placement. For example, police", guitar", and "Detroit" are pronounced with initial stress instead of stress on the last syllable or neutral stress.


60s BC

The events that happened between 60 BC and 51 BC.



Joe Vialls

Joe Vialls (  1944 – 17 July 2005) was an Australian Internet journalist and conspiracy theorist. He was once a policeman and detective, but became a private investigator. He is most famous for writing many stories on the Internet about famous things that have happened around the world.

On April 17, 1984, a police woman called Yvonne Fletcher was killed while she was in London. Joe Vialls told people that he knew why she was really killed. Because of Joe Vialls, police in London spent a long time trying to find out what really happened. In the end, police agreed with Joe Vialls, and they said that they had found out what really happened because of Joe Vialls.

In April 1996, Joe Vialls said that he knew who had really killed people in the Port Arthur massacre, and that it was not Martin Bryant, who police said had killed people. Joe Vialls talked to Wendy Scurr who was there, and Stewart Beattie who was a gun expert, and he also talked to Martin Bryant's mother, to find out what really happened. Joe Vialls wrote a book and had many articles talking about what he thinks really happened. You can see 9 articles that Joe Vialls wrote here . Joe Vialls says that the Australian government killed people so that they could take guns away from people. This is the same story that the Australian National Rifle Association says.


Tatts Group Limited

Tatts Group Limited, formerly known as Tattersalls, is the name of a company in Australia that helps people to bet money. Tattersalls has made lots of money. A woman named Helen Harvey owned Tattersalls and had lots of money.


Tsukuba

Tsukuba is a new city in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. It is 50 km northeast of Tokyo and 40 km from Narita International Airport.

It has been recognized as a special city since 2007.


Narita International Airport

The airport is east of Tokyo Station and east-southeast of Narita Station in the city of Narita in Chiba Prefecture.



Pup

Pup means the babies of several species of animals, such as:

Pup could also mean:


Monitor

The word monitor is a Latin word for "warner" or "suggester". The many uses of the word are listed below.






Chest

The chest is the front part of the torso. It is between the neck and abdomen.

In mammals, the parts that make up the thorax are the sternum, the thoracic vertebrae and the ribs. It starts from the neck and stops at the diaphragm. 

Women develop breasts on the chest during puberty, while male chests generally remain flat, while gaining muscle and many men grow chest hair. However, excess fat in men can contribute to gynocomestia, which leads to breast development in men. 

In insects and crustaceans, it is the middle of the three main body sections. The walking legs are usually on the thorax.

Blackburn

Blackburn is a town in Lancashire, England. The town has a population of about 105,000 people.
Blackburn is mentioned in one of the Beatles' songs. The town's football team is Blackburn Rovers F.C.

Springfield

Springfield can be:




National Security Agency

The National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the US government. The agency was started in 1952, and its main office is in Maryland.

Its stated goal is to protect the US people by




Robert Wadlow

Robert Pershing Wadlow (February 22, 1918 – July 15, 1940) was the tallest person who ever lived.

Robert Pershing Wadlow was born to Addie Johnson and Harold Wadlow in Alton, Illinois on February 22, 1918, and was the oldest of five children. During elementary school, they had to make a special desk for him because of his size. In 1936, after graduating from Alton High School, he enrolled in Shurtleff College with the intention of studying law.

Robert Wadlow was normal at birth but started growing abnormally when he was two, after a double hernia operation. He was six feet tall at age six. By the time he was 17, he was eight feet tall. Because he was so tall, he got lots of attention and became very famous, but his bones were very weak and he had to wear leg braces. In 1940, he was walking in a Fourth of July parade, when one of his braces made his ankle become infected; he died on the 15th of that month. When he died he was 8' 11.1".

Wadlow died at the age of 22 in Michigan from a septic shock . Four days later, at his funeral, 40,000 people attended and it took 12 people to carry his coffin. People remember him as the "Gentle Giant" and there is a statue of him at the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville School of Dental Medicine. People now say Wadlow had something called gigantism, which made him so tall.

Code

A code is a way of changing information into something else. Sometimes this is done as a way of keeping a message secret. This is called encryption or cryptography. 
One source gives this explanation: a code is "a word, number or some other symbol used to represent a word, phrase or syllable in plaintext". It is one of the earliest forms of cryptography. Contrast code with cypher, in which the individual letters are encrypted (changed).

Sometimes it is done as an easier way of sending a message. For example, when people on two different boats want to send a message, they may be too far away to shout, but they can send messages with a flag code. Another code that people use is called Morse code, which changes letters to dots and dashes, like this:

Computers use codes, by changing letters into 1's and 0's. This method was invented for punched tape. Now the usual alphanumeric code is ASCII.

Some people write codes as a kind of game. They think it is fun to make ciphers, and fun to break them. Breaking a code means taking it apart to understand how it works, and then you can understand messages that are written in that code. Cryptanalysis is also serious business. Nations and other organizations have been breaking each other's ciphers for many centuries.

The algorithm (code) for making a message secret is called the encryption algorithm. To change a secret message back a decryption algorithm is needed.


Goaltender

The goaltender (also known colloquially as goalie or netminder) in ice hockey is the player who defends his team's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering his team's net, thus stopping the other team from scoring. They usually stay close to the net.

At the very end of a game, if a team is losing by one goal, teams may take their goaltender out of the game and replace him with another player. This makes it more likely that they will score a goal, however, it is also much easier for the other team to score without anybody defending the goal.

Wikispecies

Wikispecies is a sister project of Wikipedia, and so it is a wiki supported by the Wikimedia Foundation. It is a free directory of species that wants to make a full catalog of all living things. It tells of how "species" are classified into groups (taxonomy), and how those groups are similar to one another. It calls itself the "directory of life". 

It is designed to be written and used by scientists. The people who write Wikispecies do not need to show their education but need to show their general understanding of the area. 

It was started in August 2004, with biologists around the world invited to help. Now, the project has become a good directory listing the Linnaean taxonomy with links to Wikipedia articles on individual species since April 2005. The links are provided in different languages. 

The articles in Wikispecies are all written in the Latin names, so that scientists around the world, no matter what language that use, can use the website. There is information in the article telling people what the article's living thing is called in every other language that has a common name for it. Still, Wikispecies is mostly in English; its main page is in English, and it is run in English. 

The taxoboxes in Wikipedia come from Wikispecies, where people in Wikipedia can go to refer.

As of July 1, 2014, Wikispecies has over 400,000 articles.


Lopp Lagoon

Lopp Lagoon is a tidal lake on Cape Prince of Wales (the westernmost tip of the Seward Peninsula) in the U.S. state of Alaska. Many creeks empty into it, but the most water comes from the Mint River. Some salt water from the Pacific Ocean also enters the lagoon through several channels between it and the Bering Strait.

It was named in 1900 for William Thomas "W.T." Lopp, the civilian leader of the 1897–8 Overland Expedition.

Historically, Lopp Lagoon has been an important source of food (salmon and waterfowl) for people living in the Wales, Alaska area.


Welsh people

The Welsh are people from Wales, a country in the United Kingdom. Welsh people speak two languages, Welsh and English. They can also speak other languages occasionally. 

League of Nations

The League of Nations (French: Société des Nations) was the predecessor to the United Nations. The League was founded in 1920, after World War I, but failed to maintain peace and prevent World War II. The League had a Council of the great powers and an Assembly of all of its member countries. 

The League of Nations was thought up by US President Woodrow Wilson during World War I. It was to be a group of nations that worked together to keep peace. One of the reasons for its downfall was that, after a vote, the US Senate refused to join. 

The League did not have the power to enforce any of its rules. That later proved to be a fatal flaw in the League's structure. 

Another flaw in the League was that it was not representative enough. It never had more than 65 members, and the interests of the great powers often outweighed those of weaker members. 

The League also had no troops of its own, and the decisions that it made were often slow. For example, when the Empire of Japan invaded Manchuria (North-eastern China) in 1931, the League took a whole year to decide to tell Japan to leave. Instead, Japan left the League. When Italy invaded Abyssinia in 1935, the League condemned it more quickly. Italy simply left the League and finished its conquest. After these disasters, the League was thought to be weak and powerless and stopped operations in 1939. 

The League did not fail completely since it had prevented a few conflicts in Europe in the 1920s and worked hard to relieve various public health and social problems around the world.

In 1946, the inactive League of Nations formally ended and was replaced by the United Nations, which still does many of the same things that the League of Nations did.

US President Woodrow Wilson arranged a plan for a "government of governments", or an international peacekeeping force. The idea was to settle problems between nations peacefully. Wilson tried to persuade the international community that the League would discourage aggression and tackle the underlying problems that often lead to war such as poverty. Wilson was, however, unable to convince the American public to support the League. The United States did not want to be part of Wilson’s approach for three reasons:

First, the United States had many German Americans who hated the Treaty of Versailles for blaming Germany for the war and making it pay heavy war reparations. To join the League of Nations, a country had to agree and accept the Treaty of Versailles. The German American people did not accept the treaty.

Second, Americans did not want to risk more Americans dying in another European war, like in World War I. They felt that it would result in pointless actions such as sending soldiers all around the globe to sort out small disputes. That attitude was called isolationism. Most Americans felt it would be best to avoid British and other European affairs completely.

Third, the granting of women's voting rights in the United States brought a huge new voting block, which overwhelmingly desired to turn inward. Women were even more likely than men to oppose war and to be isolationist. 

However, the United States joined most of the specialized agencies of the League, such as the International Postal Union.

These countries joined League of Nations in 1920:

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
Dominion of Canada,
Commonwealth of Australia,
Federation of New Zealand,
Union of South Africa

Audiolingual method

The Audiolingual Method is a method for teaching foreign languages. Linguists at the University of Michigan invented this method in the late 1950s. In the Audiolingual method, students first hear a language. Later, they speak the language, and after that, they read and write in it. This way of language teaching is similar to the Direct Method. Like the Direct Method, the Audiolingual Method does not use the students’ native language. For example, if you are in an English class in Turkey, the teacher only speaks English, and no Turkish. However, unlike the Direct Method, the Audiolingual Method does not teach vocabulary. Rather, the teacher drills grammar. In the Audiolingual method, grammar is most important for the student. In other words, the student must repeat grammar patterns after the teacher. The students do not learn lots of vocabulary. This method also uses psychology. The students get a reward for speaking correctly. They get punishment if they speak incorrectly; because it is based on habit formation, which is establishesd by stimulus, response and reinforcement. It gives priority to speaking the target language, and using the native language is not allowed.

Montenegro

Montenegro (meaning Black Mountain) is a country in Southeastern Europe. It is on the Adriatic Sea, between Albania (to the South) and Croatia to the North. Inland (to the East and South-East) it also has a common border with Serbia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina. For most of the 20th century it was part of Yugoslavia. It had also been independent before World War I and existed as a kingdom. Its leader is Jakov Milatović.

Montenegro was an independent country during the 20th century, but after WW1 was united to the newly created Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Montenegro was part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia from 1918 until 1941 when Nazi Germany and the Kingdom of Italy invaded it in 1941. 

In 1945 the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes became SFR Yugoslavia (SFRY). This was the time Montenegro became the Socialist Republic of Montenegro, a federated state in Yugoslavia along with Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia, and Macedonia. 

In 1948, Josip Broz Tito ended his friendship with Stalin. Yugoslavia became neutral and founded the Non-Aligned Movement. 

In 1991, Yugoslavia started to breakup. A country named Serbia and Montenegro was formed in 1992. Montenegro came to exist when its people decided to split from the country Serbia and Montenegro on May 21, 2006. 

Montenegro became a independent country after the Yugoslav Wars during the 1990s. 

The national song is called ""Oj, svijetla majska zoro.""Montenegrin Cyrillic: "Ој, свијетла мајска зоро.""English: "Oh, Bright Dawn of May.""

The size of the economy's GDP is $4.114 billion and it has 621,873 people in Montenegro in 2020. The traditional old capital of Montenegro is "Cetinje", but Podgorica is the new capital. The country adopted the Euro unilaterally as Montenegro does not have its own currency, but the adoption has raised the national debt to 57 percent of GDP in 2011. The most professed religion is Eastern Orthodoxy at 72.1% and the second most is Islam at 19.2%.


Solar eclipse

As seen from Earth, a solar eclipse /"ee-klips"/ happens when the Moon is directly between the Earth and the Sun. This makes the Moon fully or partially (partly) cover the sun. Solar eclipses can only happen during a new moon. Every year there are about two solar eclipses. Sometimes there are even five solar eclipses in a year. However, only two of these can be total solar eclipses, and often a year will pass without a total eclipse.

The area in which an eclipse is total is only a narrow track along the Earth. Totality lasts only a few minutes. Outside this path, all eclipses are partial, and places far from the track get no eclipse at all. The track can be predicted many years before it happens.

A total solar eclipse is a natural phenomenon (event). Long ago, solar eclipses were thought to happen because of something supernatural or as a sign that something bad was going to happen. This is still believed in some cultures today. A total solar eclipse can frighten people who do not know what it means, because the Sun seems to disappear during the day and the sky turns dark in just a few minutes. Other people like to go to the eclipse path for a good view.

Solar eclipses happen somewhere on Earth almost every year, and very similar solar eclipses happen every 18 years, 11.3 days. This period is called the Saros cycle.

There are four different types of solar eclipses:


The Sun's distance from the Earth is about 400 times the Moon's distance, and the Sun's diameter is about 400 times as big as the Moon's. This is why the Sun and Moon seem to be about the same size from Earth.

Looking directly at the bright surface of the Sun itself can hurt the retina of the eye greatly because of the radiation that comes from the Sun. It can even blind people. The retina does not feel pain, so damage may not be felt for hours.

The Sun is usually so bright that it is hard to look at it directly. However, when the Sun is covered in an eclipse, it is easier to look at it. Looking at the Sun during an eclipse is equally dangerous, except in the very short time when the Sun's surface is completely covered. Looking at the Sun's surface through binoculars, a telescope, or even a camera is extremely dangerous and can damage the eye in less than a second.

Looking at the Sun without an eclipse does not usually hurt the eye very greatly, because the pupil of the eye closes down and makes everything darker. If the Sun is almost completely covered, the pupil opens because there is not as much light. However, the parts of the Sun that can be seen are still equally bright, and can hurt the eye very much.





Kate Fischer

Kate Fischer (born November 30, 1973) is an Australian model and actress. She was a very famous model for a long time. She had a job working on television on a cartoon program with a puppet called "Agro". She was in a movie called "Sirens" with Elle Macpherson and Sam Neill.


Alton, Illinois

Alton is a city in Madison County, Illinois, in the United States. About 26,000 people lived in Alton as of the year 2020.

People from the city: Miles Davis (d. 1991), jazz musician, trumpet player


Armenian

Armenian may mean:



Minneapolis

Minneapolis ( ), officially the City of Minneapolis, is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. St. Paul and Minneapolis are known as the Twin Cities. As of the 2020 census the population was 429,954. The Mississippi River runs through the city.

Minneapolis derives from the Dakota word for "water", "mni," and the Greek word for "city" or "polis." Thus, Minneapolis means "City of Waters." A nearby city called St. Anthony then joined with Minneapolis. The first mayor was Dorilus Morrison.

The American Indians first lived in Minneapolis around Lake Calhoun and St. Anthony Falls waterfall. They are called the Dakota. They thought St. Anthony Falls was a spiritual place. Dakota hunted, fished, and planted food. The United States wanted the land in 1803 and bought it with the Louisiana Purchase. The army built Fort Snelling. Soon, people from the East Coast came to Minneapolis. They used the waterfall for their flour mills. They named the new city Minneapolis.

Minneapolis is flat near the river and hilly away from it. The weather is like many places in America with hot summers and cold winters. The winter is very long, very cold, and there is a rainy but short spring. The summer, on the contrary, is humid, meaning a lot of water is in the air. Mosquitos are also common in the city.

Minneapolis residents are sometimes known as "Minnesota Nice." That means that they are generally more polite than other people. Most residents of Minneapolis live in houses and apartments, and some now live in tall buildings like condos. Kids and parents work and play in the city. Many different people make up what is Minneapolis today. After the Dakota Indians were people from Britain, French Canada, and Spanish Mexico. They were followed by Scandinavians from Norway, Denmark, and Sweden. Soon people from almost all parts of the world started arriving including Eastern Europe, Russia, and Asia. Today there are people from East Africa (Somali) and Southeast Asia (Hmong). Once, Minneapolis was even larger than it is today with 520,000 people. Later, many people moved away to the suburbs.

Numerous large companies are located Downtown in skyscrapers. These include lawyers, doctors and bankers. They work near Nicollet Mall where there are restaurants and shops. Minneapolis also has neighborhoods. People there work in small stores too, like barber shops, grocery stores, hardware stores, and coffee shops. Internet is widely available in Minneapolis.

There are lots of art and shows in the city. The biggest theater is the Guthrie Theater, and the Children's Theatre Company puts on productions directed at younger audiences. There are also art museums, such as the Minneapolis Institute of Arts and the Walker Art Center.

Minneapolis hosts lots of sport teams for the state. The Minnesota Vikings play at US Bank Stadium. The Minnesota Twins at Target Field. Nearby is the Target Center where the Minnesota Timberwolves play.

St. Louis

St. Louis is a large and major city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is by the Mississippi River. It was founded by the French. It was named after King Louis IX of France, who is also a Saint. It is often called the "Gateway City" because it was important to settlers traveling out west. Its most famous landmark is the Gateway Arch.

St. Louis has a hot-summer continental climate ("Dfa" in the Köppen climate classification) and experiences four distinct seasons. Summers are often hot and humid with temperatures in July between 70 and 90 degrees.

St. Louis is famous for a number of dishes made local such as toasted ravioli and pork steaks.

St. Louis has two major sports both playing in the downtown area; the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball, and the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League. St. Louis had a National Football League team from 1995 to 2015, named the St. Louis Rams, which moved back to Los Angeles, California after that season.

There are many colleges and universities in and around St. Louis. Some of these are Washington University in St. Louis, Saint Louis University, Fontbonne University, and Lindenwood University.

http://www.rssweather.com/climate/Missouri/St.%20Louis/ 


