Floyd Landis

Floyd Landis (born October 14, 1975) is an American road racing cyclist, now best remembered because of the Tour de France 2006 doping scandal. He is a time-trial specialist and a strong climber.

Landis turned professional in 1999 with the Mercury Cycling Team. He joined the US Postal Service team in 2002, and moved to the Phonak Hearing Systems team in 2005.

Landis was fired from the Phonak team on 5 August 2006. The doping test after stage 17 of the 2006 Tour de France showed he had a very high testosterone/epitestosterone "ratio". The rules say that for every one unit of one chemical he should have four unites of the other (a 4 to one (4:1) ratio). Landis's test showed a ratio of 11:1.

Landis appealed to the USA Cycling and saying the tests were not done properly. USA Cycling asked three people from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to study Landis's claims. On 20 September 2007 that group voted 2 to 1 against him. Landis was stripped of his title as winner of the 2006 Tour de France by the UCI, and banned from professional racing for two years. 
Under UCI rules, the cyclist's national federation, in this case USA Cycling decides if the rules have been broken, but because of the science involved they asked the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to help.

Floyd Landis was born in Farmersville, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.

Landis was brought up a Mennonite, and rode his first races wearing sweatpants because his religion forbade wearing shorts; he won anyway. Landis' father, is a devout Mennonite, and tried to stop him from racing his bike by giving him extra chores. He had no time to train during the day, so he would sneak out of the house at night to train, sometimes at 1 or 2 a.m. and often in the freezing cold. His father, found that Floyd had been going out at night and often followed him at a distance to make sure he was not getting into trouble. Today, Floyd Landis's father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.

Before the 2006 Tour de Francemost people thought the winner would be either Ivan Basso or Jan Ullrich, who finished second and third respectively in the 2005 tour. Days before the race, the Operación Puerto doping case forced Basso and Ullrich to withdraw, and Landis became one of the favourites to win

Landis performance up to Stage 16 of the Tour de France and his comeback in Stage 17 is surprising because of his hip ailment, called osteonecrosis, which was revealed in an article in "The New York Times" during the 2006 Tour de France. This means he was in constant pain.

On July 27, 2006 the Phonak Cycling Team said Floyd Landis had a urine test come back positive, having an unusually high ratio of the hormone testosterone to the hormone epitestosterone (T/E ratio) after Stage 17. Landis denied having doped. Phonak stated that he would be dismissed should the backup sample also test positive. It did, and Landis was suspended from professional cycling and dismissed from his team. Landis's personal physician later disclosed that the test had found a T/E ratio of 11:1 in Landis, far above the maximum allowable ratio of 4:1.

The tests were done by French government's anti-doping clinical laboratory, the National Laboratory for Doping Detection (LNDD)which is part of the Ministry of Youth, Sport, and Social Life, and is and is accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).)

On May 14, 2007 a meeting began between the USADA and Landis about the doping allegations. On September 20, 2007, the arbitrators found Landis guilty of doping.

As Landis forfeited his Tour title, the second place rider, Óscar Pereiro, became the race's official winner. Landis has also been banned from the sport for two years, dated retroactively to January 2007.

Landis's former team, Phonak has already been disbanded

The USADA had more B samples taken during the Tour de France 2006 examined. After Landis's attempts to prevent these tests had failed, traces of exogenous testosterone were found in several samples in a test of seven samples. These confirmation tests were done at the same French lab Landis's team was trying to discredit for the first positive results.

Landis did race in France in 2007 so that the appeal could be decided in the United States first. If the raced in France they may start their own investigation because doping is illegal in France.

Among Landis's lawyers are José Maria Buxeda of Spain and Howard L. Jacobs of the United States. Buxeda represented Roberto Heras when he was suspended for two years after testing positive for doping. Jacobs has also defended athletes accused of doping, such as cyclist Tyler Hamilton and sprinter Tim Montgomery. They are also representing Kazakh cyclist Alexandre Vinokourov who was accused of blood doping, kicked out of the 2007 Tour de France, and fired from his cycling team.

On September 20, 2007 Landis was found guilty of doping by a 2-1 vote of the hearing committee. The committee said that there were mistakes testing the sample so they will not say that there was a high amount of the natural chemical testosterone. But the committee did say was proof of artificial testosterone and that 

Landis does have the right to appeal the decision of the committee to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.









Óscar Pereiro

Óscar Pereiro is a cyclist from Spain. He was born on 3 August 1977. He came second in the 2006 Tour de France. On 20 September 2007 he was declared the winner because Floyd Landis was found guilty of doping.


Hawksbill sea turtle

The hawksbill sea turtle or hawksbill turtle ("Eretmochelys imbricata") is an endangered species of turtle. 

It is mostly seen in shallow lagoons and coral reefs where its food is. It is smaller than the Australian flatback turtle: it is usually a little more than two feet long. It usually weighs about 150 pounds. It has the most pointed beak among sea turtles, which is how it gets its name. The hawksbill gets food from inside coral reefs, eating sponges, shrimp, squid, and other invertebrates. The hawksbill pointy beak helps the turtle get food out of the tiny cracks and holes in which it searches.

Though they are sometimes seen in American waters, hawksbill turtles almost always nest in the warmer climates that run along the equator. Because people use the shell to make jewelry and other things, the hawksbill turtle is endangered.

1924 Summer Olympics

The 1924 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were held at Paris in France.

The games were thought to be successful, but costly. The events were well attended.

A total of 44 nations sent athletes to compete at the Paris games.

Germany was not invited to participate.



1906 Summer Olympics

The 1906 Summer Olympics, also called the 1906 Intercalated Games, were held in Athens, Greece.

These games are not awarded the title of "Olympiad" because they were held between the III and IV Olympiads. Medals were given to the participants during these games, but the medals are not officially recognised by the International Olympic Committee.

Athletes from 20 nations took part in the St. Louis games. 


2012 Summer Olympics

The 2012 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, were held in London, United Kingdom from 27 July to 12 August 2012, followed by the 2012 Paralympic Games from 29 August to 9 September.

London became the first city to host the modern Olympic Games three times; London also hosted the 1908 Summer Olympics and the 1948 Summer Olympics.

By the bid submission deadline of 15 July 2003, nine cities had submitted bids to host the 2012 Olympics. These cities were Havana, Istanbul, Leipzig, London, Madrid, Moscow, New York, Paris, and Rio de Janeiro.

On 18 May 2004 the International Olympic Committee (IOC) reduced the number of cities to five: London, Madrid, Moscow, New York, and Paris.

The IOC inspection team visited the five candidate cities during February and March 2005.

On 6 June 2005, the International Olympic Committee released its evaluation reports for the five candidate cities. Although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings, the evaluation report for Paris was seen as the most positive, followed closely by London.

During the process, many thought Paris was most likely to win the nomination, largely because this was its third bid in recent years. In late August 2004, reports came out predicting a London and Paris tie in the 2012 bid.

On 6 July 2005, London was announced as the winner of the bid at the Raffles City Convention Centre in Singapore.

Athletes from 204 National Olympic Countries took part. In addition, four individual athletes competed under the Olympic flag—one from South Sudan and three from the region of the former Netherlands Antilles

Listed below are NOCs who have qualified at least one athlete. As of 7 June 2011, 101 nations have qualified at least one athlete.




The 2012 Summer Olympics event has 26 sports. 
The International Olympic Committee executive board met on 13 August 2009 and approved the addition of women's boxing. The International Boxing Federation proposed that 40 athletes compete in five different weight classes.



The official motto for the 2012 Summer Olympics is "Inspire a generation". It was chosen to highlight the organiser's commitment to inspire the world to get involved in sporting events through the olympic games' legacy.

The official mascots for the Olympics and Paralympic Games were revealed in May 2010. They were called Wenlock and Mandeville.

The 2012 Olympics had many sponsors. Some of the most popular ones are McDonald's, Acer, Samsung, Coca-Cola, Adidas, and Panasonic.


1952 Summer Olympics

The 1952 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad, were held at Helsinki in Finland.

Helsinki was chosen as the host city over Amsterdam, Athens, Lausanne, and Stockholm and five American cities: Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Minneapolis and Philadelphia. Helsinki had been given the 1940 Summer Olympics, but they were cancelled because of World War II.

A total of 69 nations sent athletes to compete at the Helsinki games.





1948 Summer Olympics

The 1948 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad, were held at London in the United Kingdom. 

These were the first Summer Olympics to be held since the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, because no Games were held during World War II.

In part, the games were thought to be a success because the Organizing Committee did not go into debt. The final financial report showed a ₤29,000 profit.

A total of 59 nations sent athletes to compete at the London Games.


1944 Summer Olympics

The 1944 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad, were not held.

The games were cancelled because of World War II. They would have been held in London, England, which won the bid in the June 1939 International Olympic Committee election, over Rome, Detroit, Lausanne, Athens, Budapest, Helsinki and Montreal. 

London hosted the next Olympic Games, the 1948 Summer Olympics, awarded without an election.

In spite of the war, the IOC had many events at its headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland to celebrate its 50th anniversary. These events happened on 17 June to 19 June 1944 and were called "The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC" by Carl Diem, the man who began the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay.

Polish POWs in the Woldenberg (Dobiegniew) Oflag II-C POW camp were granted permission by their Nazi captors to have an unofficial "POW Olympics" in 1944, showing that the Olympic spirit can survive even during war.



1920 Summer Olympics

The 1920 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad, were held at Antwerp in Belgium.

The games were a financial strain for the host country and the participants. The events were not well attended.

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the Antwerp games.



1916 Summer Olympics

The 1916 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the VI Olympiad, were not held.

The games were planned for Berlin in Germany.
In 1912, workers began building the sports facilities for the games. The "Deutsches Stadion" ("German Stadium") began in 1912. In June 1913, the stadium was officially opened with 60,000 people at the ceremonies.

The games were cancelled because of World War I.



Morphology (linguistics)

Morphology is part of linguistics. It looks at the way words are put together using small pieces called morphemes. A morpheme is the smallest part of a word that has meaning. Different languages have different morphemes and have different rules for how morphemes are combined.

Words are the smallest pieces of a sentence. Some words only have one morpheme. For example the English words "thank," "dog," and "slow" are all words made up of only one morpheme. A morpheme that can stand alone as a word is called a "free morpheme".

Words can also be made up of more than one morpheme. English speakers know that one can add the plural(more than one) morpheme, "-s," to the end of "dog," and create the word "dogs". The new word combines the meanings of the two morphemes, so the meaning of the new word, "dogs" is "more than one dog." "Dog" is a free morpheme, but the plural morpheme "-s" is not. It must attach to a word (no native English speaker would use "-s" as a stand alone word). Morphemes which must be attached to a word are called "bound morphemes". Morphemes attached to the front of a word are called "prefixes". Those attached to the end are called "suffixes". Some morphemes can attach in the middle of a word and are called "infixes". (example?)

There are two types of bound morphemes: derivational and inflectional. Inflectional morphemes give a listener or reader information about how the word is used in a sentence. English does not have a lot of inflectional morphemes. An example of an inflectional morpheme in English is the "-ed" suffix for verbs. This morpheme at the end of a verb lets the speaker know that the action happened in the past. Another example is the "-s" suffix for nouns to show that there is more than one of the noun.

Derivational morphemes change the part of speech or somehow change the basic meaning of the word they attach to. Most bound morphemes in English are derivational.

"English Word: "unthankful""

Morphemes:
"English Word: "songwriter""

Morphemes:
"English Word: "modernized""

Morphemes:

Syntax

In linguistics, syntax is the study of the rules that govern the structure of sentences. 

The term "syntax" can also be used to refer to these rules themselves, as in “the syntax of a language”. Modern research in syntax attempts to describe languages in terms of such rules, and, for many practitioners, to find general rules that apply to all languages.





1912 Summer Olympics

The 1912 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were held in Stockholm, Sweden. 

The games were thought to be a success. For the first time, athletes in the Games came from all five continents symbolised in the Olympic rings. 

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the Stockholm games. They were:





Syntax (disambiguation)

Syntax may refer to:

Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov

Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov (21 August 1929 – 7 October 2017) was a Soviet/Russian historical linguist. His main topic of study is Indo-European languages. 

He is best known for his glottalic theory of how consonants are spoken in Indo-European languages and for placing point of origin for these languages in the area of the Armenian Highlands and Lake Urmia. He was born in Moscow.

Vyacheslav Ivanov's father was Vsevolod Ivanov, one of the most famous Soviet writers. His mother was an actress. She worked in the theatre of Vsevolod Meyerhold. His childhood was filled by disease and war, which he spent in Tashkent.

Ivanov died in Moscow on 7 October 2017 at the age of 88.


Tamaz V. Gamkrelidze

Tamaz (Thomas) V. Gamkrelidze (Georgian თამაზ გამყრელიძე) (October 23, 1929 – February 10, 2021) was a Georgian linguist, orientalist and public benefactor, Academician (beginning in 1974) and President (2005–2013) of the Georgian Academy of Sciences (GAS), Doctor of Sciences (1963), Professor (1964).

Gamkrelidze was born in Kutaisi. His brother Revaz Gamkrelidze, was also an academician and a famous mathematician.

Gamkrelidze died at the age of 91.




Georgian alphabet

The Georgian alphabet is used to write in the Georgian language and other Kartvelian languages. The alphabet is called Khutsuri, first said around in the 11th century. 

Greek and Aramaic influences have been shown, but some Georgian scholars like Tamaz V. Gamkrelidze have said that they were freely invented in imitation of the Greek model rather than directly based upon earlier forms of the Aramaic alphabet even though the Georgian phonological inventory is very different from Greek.


Cytosine

Cytosine is one of the 5 main nucleobases used in storing and transporting genetic information within a cell in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA. 

In DNA and RNA, cytosine is paired with guanine. However, it is unstable, and can change into uracil. This can lead to a point mutation if not repaired. The DNA repair enzymes, such as uracil glycosylase, cuts uracil in DNA.

Cytosine is the centre of modern genetic research into epigenetics. Methyl groups added to cytosine change the action of genes during lifetime. These changes are not inherited.


1908 Summer Olympics

The 1908 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IV Olympiad, were held in London, United Kingdom.

The Olympics were originally scheduled to be held in Rome; however, Mount Vesuvius erupted on 7 April 1906. The natural disaster caused a financial strain on the Italian government. Then the venue was changed to London. The costs of the games were covered by donations.

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the London games. They were:




Guanine

Guanine is one of the five main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA.

The others are adenine, cytosine, thymine, and uracil. With the formula CHNO, guanine is a derivative of purine. 

Guanine, along with adenine and cytosine, is present in both DNA and RNA, whereas thymine is usually seen only in DNA and uracil only in RNA. 



Glottalic theory

The glottalic theory is that Proto-Indo-European had ejective stops instead of voiced stops and so it had p’ t’ k’, not b d g, as the traditional version of the Proto-Indo-European sound system.

The glottalic theory was made in the United States by Paul Hopper and in the Soviet Union by Thomas V. Gamkrelidze and Vyacheslav V. Ivanov. The earliest theory was made by the Danish linguist Holger Pedersen that did not have glottalized sounds.

Earlier linguists, such as André Martinet and Morris Swadesh, saw the potential of replacing glottalic sounds for the supposed plain voiced stops of Proto-Indo-European. The idea stayed hypothetical until more evidence for it was published in 1973 by Hopper in the journal "Glossa" and by Gamkrelidze and Ivanov in the journal "Phonetica".


Proto-Indo-Europeans

The Proto-Indo-Europeans were a group of people after the last Ice age. Their existence, from 4000 or earlier, is implied by their language. They were the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language (PIE), an unwritten but now partly reconstructed prehistoric language.

Knowledge of them comes not only from language, but also from archaeology and archaeo-genetics. They were a group of loosely related peoples ancestral to the Bronze Age Indo-Europeans.

The Proto-Indo-Europeans likely lived during the Copper Age, or roughly the 5th to 4th millennia BC. Mainstream scholarship places them in the general region of the steppes in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. Some scholars would extend the time of PIE much further back. More recent studies support an origin in today's northern Iran and the Armenian Highland.

By the mid-2nd millennium BC offshoots of the Proto-Indo-Europeans had reached Anatolia, the Aegean, Indus Valley, Ganges Plain, and likely Western Europe.

The Proto-Indo-European culture had some or all of these features:


The Proto-Indo-Europeans were a patrilineal society, probably half-nomadic, relying on animal husbandry, notably of cattle and sheep. They domesticated the horse – "ekwos" (cf. Latin "equus"). The cow ("gwous") played a central role, in religion and mythology as well as in daily life. A man's wealth would have been measured by the number of his animals (small livestock), "peḱus" (cf. English "fee", Latin "pecunia").

They practiced a polytheistic religion centered on sacrificial rites, probably administered by a priestly caste. Burials in barrows or tomb chambers (see Kurgan hypothesis). Important leaders would have been buried with their belongings, and possibly also with members of their households or wives (human sacrifice, suttee).

Many Indo-European societies know a threefold division of priests, a warrior class, and a class of peasants or husbandmen. If there was a separate class of warriors, it probably consisted of single young men. They would have followed a separate warrior code unacceptable in the society outside their peer-group. Traces of initiation rites in several Indo-European societies suggest that this group identified itself with wolves or dogs (see also Berserker, werewolf).

As for technology, reconstruction suggests a culture of the early Bronze Age, with bronze tools and weapons. Silver and gold were known. Sheep were kept for wool, and textiles were woven. The wheel was known, certainly for ox-drawn carts, and late Proto-Indo European warfare may also have made use of horse-drawn chariots.

The native name of this people cannot be reconstructed with certainty. "Aryo-" (interpreted by some as meaning "those who plow"), sometimes upheld as a self-identification of the Proto-Indo-Europeans (see Aryan), is shown only in the Indo-Iranian subfamily, since it appears on written inscriptions; however, the Proto-Indo-Europeans themselves had not yet adopted writing, so there is no way to verify that "Aryo-" was their self-identification.




Urheimat

Urheimat (German: "ur-" original, ancient; "Heimat" home, homeland) is a linguistic term meaning the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language. Since many peoples tend to wander and spread, there is no exact Urheimat, but there is an Indo-European Urheimat different from the Germanic or Romance Urheimat. Recent studies say the original home of Indo-Europeans was near the Armenian Highlands.

Specific hypotheses:


Anatolian hypothesis

The Anatolian hypothesis of Proto-Indo-European origin is that the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language lived in Anatolia during the Neolithic era. When the Neolithic Revolution took place in the seventh and sixth millennia BC, the speakers spread over Europe. Those who advocate this hypothesis think that the Indo-European languages originated in Anatolia. They believe that the Proto-Indo-Europeans then migrated north to the location north of the Caucasus Mountains. There is an another hypothesis, called the Kurgan hypothesis. The people who support it say the Indo-European languages came from the Caucasus. One of the best-known advocates of the Anatolian hypothesis is Colin Renfrew.



Rafael Ishkhanyan

Rafayel Avetisi Ishkhanyan (, 9 March 1922 – 6 February 1995) was an Armenian philologist and historian. He was a professor of the Yerevan State University.

In 1939, Ishkhanyan entered the department of Armenian language and literature of Yerevan State University. He fought in World War II. After the war, he continued his studies and graduated from Yerevan University in 1949.

His works are generally dedicated to the earliest history of the Armenian people, to the comparative linguistic analysis of ancient languages, and to printing. He is one of the authors of Armenian Soviet encyclopedia.

He was a Deputy to the Supreme Soviet Armenia in 1990-1996.

Ishkhanyan claims that Armenians "were the aborigines of the Armenian plateau who have been living there continuously since the fourth millennium B.C.E at the latest". Similar claims were promoted in nationalist novels such as those of Sero Khanzatian, published in the 1970s.



Cross-country race

A Cross-country race is any running race that takes place on different types of terrain. Different levels of competition include middle school , high school , collegiate men and , women 5km (3.1 mi) and , amateur, and professional.

The scoring in these events gives one point to the winner, two points to the person who finished second, and so on. In an "invitational" or "meet" where teams of runners count up the points of their top five finishers. This is their score. The team with the lowest score wins. If there is a tie, the team with the fastest sixth man wins.

Times in races depend on the terrain, weather, and the other runners. This means that two athletes competing in different places in the world who are running the same time might not be at the same ability level.



Long distance race

A long distance race is any running event on the track that is longer than 3000m. This includes such events as the 3000m run, the 3000m steeplechase, the 3200m run, the two mile run, the three mile run, 5000m run, five mile run, six mile run, and 10000m run, and so on.

The original marathon race, created in 1896, paid tribute to the legendary run completed by Greek messenger Pheidippides in 490 BC. Pheidippides gives word of the Greek victory over Persia at the Battle of Marathon to the people of Athens. That’s when, according to legend, Pheidippides (530-490 BC) ran 26 miles from Marathon to Athens to deliver news of a military victory against the Persians in the Battle of Marathon. 


Warsaw Convention

"distinguish the Warsaw Pact, which was a defence treaty between Eastern European nations"

The Warsaw Convention is an international convention which regulates for international carriage of persons, luggage or goods performed by aircraft for reward.

It was signed in 1929 in Warsaw, it was amended in 1955 at The Hague and in 1975 in Montreal.

In particular, the Warsaw Convention has the following rules:

On April 1, 2007, the exchange rate was 1.00 SDR = 1.135 EUR or
1.00 SDR = 1.51 USD.

The Montreal Convention, signed in 1999, will replace the Warsaw Convention system, once Montreal has been ratified by all states. 


Coroner (band)

Coroner was a thrash metal band from Switzerland. The band was formed in 1985. The band is with Noise record label. The band's most successful albums are "No More Color", "Mental Vortex" and "Grin".


Ritchies

Ritchies is a large supermarket chain in Australia. The chain is owned by a group of private investors. Metcash is a part of that group. The chain is also known as "Ritchies Supa IGA". Most Ritchies stores are in Victoria. Ritchies earns about $1.4b each year. 

In recent years, Ritchies has grown a large amount. In 2000, there were less than 20 Ritchies stores. Ritchies is now on the top 20 Australian retailers list. Other companies on this list include large companies such as Kmart, Myer and Wesfarmers Bunnings.
Official Ritchies Web Site

Maggie Smith

Dame Margaret Natalie Smith (born 28 December 1934) is a British actress. She is better known as Maggie Smith. She made her stage debut in 1952 and is still performing after 70 years. She has won many awards for acting, both for the stage and for movies, including seven BAFTA Awards (five competitive awards and two special awards including the Bafta Fellowship in 1996), two Academy Awards, two Golden Globes, two Emmy Awards, a Laurence Olivier Award, two SAG Awards and a Tony Award.

Her award winning movies include "Othello" (1965), "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" (1969), "Travels with My Aunt" (1972), "California Suite" (1978), "Clash of the Titans" (1981), "A Room with a View" (1985) and "Gosford Park" (2001). She has also been in a number of widely-popular movies, including "Hook" (1991), "Sister Act" (1992) and as Professor Minerva McGonagall in the "Harry Potter" movie series. She currently stars in the drama "Downton Abbey" as Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham, for which she has won an Emmy.

Smith was born in Ilford, Essex. She moved to Oxford at age four and went to Oxford High School.

Smith has been married twice. She married actor Robert Stephens on 29 June 1967 at Greenwich. The couple had two sons: actors Chris Larkin (born in 1967) and Toby Stephens (born in 1969). They divorced on 6 May 1974.

She married playwright Beverley Cross on 23 August 1975 at Guildford. He died on 20 March 1998.

In 2007, the "Sunday Telegraph"' reported that she had breast cancer. She has made a full recovery.

Blood Tsunami

Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo, Norway. The band was formed in 2004.


Bates College

Bates College is an American liberal arts college in Lewiston, Maine, in the United States. Bates College was founded in 1855. 1,800 students attend Bates. Economics, English, Psychology, Biology, and History are popular majors at Bates College.


Suffolk University

Suffolk University is an American university in Boston, Massachusetts. Suffolk was founded in 1906 by Gleason Archer. The University has three main schools: Suffolk University Law School, Suffolk University College of Arts and Sciences, and Suffolk University's Sawyer Business School. The University remains best known for its law school. It is featured annually in U.S. News and Annual Report and the Princeton Review.


French literature

French literature is the literature of France. It also includes literature that is written in French, even if the writer is not from France. There are countries besides France where French is also spoken. These countries include Belgium, Switzerland, Canada, Senegal, Algeria, and Morocco. Works that are written in French but not from France are called Francophone literature.

The French language grew out of Latin. French is a Romance language, related to other languages like Spanish and Italian. French was also influenced by the Celtic and Frankish languages.

The following French or French language authors have won a Nobel Prize in Literature:









Treaty of Warsaw (1970)

The Treaty of Warsaw () is a treaty between West Germany and the People's Republic of Poland. It was signed on December 7, 1970 and ratified by the German Bundestag on May 17, 1972.

In the treaty, both sides committed themselves to nonviolence and accepted the existing border - the Oder-Neisse line. This was a very sensitive topic at the time as Poland was concerned that one day a German government would lay claim to some of the territory Germany lost after World War II. Poland took over this territory to replace eastern Poland, which the Soviet Union had conquered in 1939. A lot of that land was east of the Curzon Line, and Poland kept it after the Polish-Soviet War (1919-1921).

Chancellor Willy Brandt was heavily criticized by the conservative CDU/CSU opposition, which indeed were in favour of such a claim, accusing him of abandoning German interests. The Oder-Neisse line was reaffirmed by a reunited Germany in the German-Polish Border Treaty, signed on 14 November 1990.

In the FRG at the time this treaty was signed it was not seen as the last word on the border, because article IV stated that previous treaties like the Potsdam Agreement were not superseded by this latest agreement, so the provisions of this treaty could be changed by a final peace treaty between Germany and the Allies of World War II as provided for in the Potsdam Agreement.


History of Poland

The History of Poland is the history of rather different territories during the past millennium. At one time, in the 16th century, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was the second largest state in Europe, after Russia. At other times there was no separate Polish state at all. Poland got back its independence in 1918, after more than a century of rule by nearby empires, but its borders shifted again after the Second World War.

Poland began to form into a country around the middle of the 10th century in the Piast dynasty. In 966, Prince Mieszko I got himself and the whole Polish nation christened. 
In the 12th century Poland broke into some smaller states, which were later attacked by Mongol armies in 1241. In 1320 Władysław I became the King of the repaired Poland. His son Casimir III repaired the Polish economy, built new castles and won the war against the Ruthenian dukedom.
The Black Death, which affected many parts of Europe from 1347 to 1351, did not come to Poland.
Beginning with the Lithuanian Grand Duke Jogaila, the Jagiellon dynasty (1385–1569) formed the Polish-Lithuanian Union. The partnership proved beneficial for the Poles and Lithuanians, who played a dominant role in one of the most powerful empires in Europe for the next three centuries. The "Nihil novi" act adopted by the Polish Sejm (parliament) in 1505, transferred most of the legislative power from the Monarch to the Sejm. This event marked the beginning of the period known as "Nobility Commonwealth" when the State was ruled by the "free and equal" Polish nobility. The Lublin Union of 1569, established the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as an influential player in European politics and a vital cultural entity.

In the 17th century Sweden attacked all of Poland (this was called “the Deluge”). Many wars against the Ottoman Empire, Russia, Cossacks, Transylvania and Brandenburg-Prussia ended with the Treaty of Karlowitz in 1699. During the following 80 years, the government and natione were weaker, making Poland dependent on Russia. Russian tsars took advantage of this by offering money to traitors, who would block new ideas and solutions. Russia, Prussia, and Austria broke Poland into three pieces in 1772, 1793 and 1795, which dissolved the country. Polish people did not like the new kings, and often rebelled.
In 1791, in an attempt of reform the Sejm of Poland and Lithuania accepted the Constitution of May 3 which was the first modern constitution in Europe and the second (after the United States) on Earth. But that did not help against the partitions of Poland in 1793 and 1795. 

Napoleon made another Polish state, “the Duchy of Warsaw”. After the Napoleonic wars, Prussia, Russia, and Austria again split Poland among themselves at the Congress of Vienna. The eastern part was ruled by the Russian tsar. 
"See also: Polish victims of The Holocaust"

During World War I all Western Allies agreed to save Poland. Soon after the surrender of Germany in November 1918, Poland became the Second Polish Republic ("II Rzeczpospolita Polska"). It got its freedom after several military conflicts; the largest was in 1919-1921 Polish-Soviet War.

On September 1, 1939, Nazi Germany attacked Poland, and the Soviet Union attacked on September 17. Warsaw was defeated on September 28, and was split up into two pieces, one owned by Nazi Germany, the other by the Soviet Union. The eastern part of the German zone was turned into the German Government area. 

The war resumed with Operation Barbarossa. During the war, about 5.6 million citizens of Poland died, half of them Polish Jews. Poland also gave the most troops, after the US, the British and the Soviets, to ultimately defeat Nazi Germany. At the war's end, Poland's borders were moved west, pushing the east border to the Curzon line. The west border was moved to the Oder-Neisse line. The new Poland became 20% smaller by 77,500 square kilometers (29,900 sq mi). The shift forced millions of people to move: Poles, Germans, Ukrainians, and Jews.
After these events, Poland became, for the first time, a real country. There are still many Polish people in the neighboring countries Ukraine, Belarus, and Lithuania, as well as in other countries. Most Poles outside of Poland are in the United States, especially in Chicago.

After the Second World War, the Soviet Union put a Communist government in Poland, and the country was named the People's Republic of Poland. In 1989 Solidarity - a political group led by Lech Wałęsa - helped defeat the communist government in Poland.

During the early 1990s the country turned its economy into one of the most solid in Central Europe. There were many improvements in human rights, such as free speech, democracy, etc. In 1991 Poland became a member of the Visegrad Group and joined NATO in 1999 also with the Czech Republic and Hungary. Polish voters then voted to join the European Union in a vote in June 2003. The country joined the EU on May 1, 2004.


Polish–Lithuanian union

The term "Polish-Lithuanian union" means a development from the personal union between the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to the creation of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, allso called the "Republic of the Two Nations", in 1569 and eventually to the creation of a short-lived state in 1791.

The most important acts in the process of union were:


Personal union

A personal union is a relationship of two or more sovereign states, which, through law, share the same person as their head of state. 

Personal unions can begin for very different reasons. In many cases a princess who is already married to a king becomes pregnant, and their child inherits the crown of both countries. However, a personal union sometimes was seen as a means against uprisings if a state wants an annexation of an other state. The unions can be written down in a constitution, which clearly expresses that both states shall share the same person as head of state. When that is not the case, a personal union can easily be broken.


Personal union with the Congo Free State from 1885 to 1908, when it annexed the Congo Free State. 


Personal union with Belgium from 1885 to 1908, when Belgium annexed it. 



The actual situation was slightly more complex with the Dutch provinces Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Gelderland and Overijssel entering into personal union in 1689 and Drenthe in 1696. Only 2 Dutch provinces never entered into the personal union: Friesland and Groningen.





















Scordatura

Scordatura in music is a technique in which players of string instruments tune their strings to different notes from a normal tuning. The word “scordatura” is an Italian word which means “mistuning”. It was used for lutes, guitars, viols and instruments of the violin family.

Using a scordatura tuning made the instrument sound different. For example: a string tuned to a slightly higher note will sound louder and brighter because it is tighter. Care has to be taken not to tune it too high otherwise it will break. Scordatura also made it possible to play unusual chords or combinations of notes in string-crossing (when the bow moves quickly from one string to another).

When a composer writes for an instrument using scordatura tuning he shows at the beginning of the music what notes the strings must be tuned to. The music is then written, not as it sounds, but so that the player can read it as if the instrument were being played normally, e.g. if a G string is tuned up to G# and the composer wants a G# he simply writes a G, but it will sound G#.
Scordatura tuning was mainly popular in the Baroque period from 1600-1750. Composers such as Heinrich Biber often used it. He composed a group of sonatas for violin and accompaniment called the "Rosary Sonatas". In each sonata the violin is tuned in a different way. In Sonata XI (called "Resurrection") he even asks the violinist to make the two middle strings cross over between the bridge and the tailpiece so that the violin is tuned to two Gs and two Ds.

In the classical period a famous example of scordatura is Mozart’s, "Sinfonia Concertante" for Violin, Viola and Orchestra in which he asks the viola to tune all four strings a semitone higher than usual. This makes it sound louder and brighter so that it matches the brightness of the violin, especially as the violin is playing with normal tuning in the key of E flat, which sounds a soft key (because the key of Eflat hardly uses any “open” strings).

In the late 19th century and 20th century there are examples of composers using scordatura. In his Fourth Symphony Mahler asks the violin soloist (the leader of the orchestra) to play on a violin tuned to Gsharp-D-A-Eflat. The music is describing a poor beggar playing a violin. The violin soloist needs a second instrument for this, so that he can swap quickly back to a normal violin.
Saint-Saëns asks the solo violin in "Danse Macabre" to tune the E string to Eflat to make it sound like the devil.

Zoltán Kodály wrote a sonata in B minor for solo cello, for which the cellist has to tune down the two lower strings to F# and B instead of G and C. This helps to make a very dark, rich sound when playing B minor chords.

2028 Summer Olympics

The 2028 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad, is a sporting event that will happen from July 21 to August 6 in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Applying to host the games was supposed to begin in 2019. The host city was supposed to be announced in 2021. In July 2017, The International Olympic Committee decided to award 2024 and 2028 Games at the same time. On July 31, 2017, an agreement was announced that Los Angeles would apply to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. The agreement made Paris, France host the 2024 Summer Olympics. On September 13, 2017, the hosts for both Olympic games was announced at the 131st IOC Session in Lima, Peru.


Etruscan origins

There are three main hypotheses as to the origins of the Etruscan civilization. Autochthonous development "in situ" out of the Villanovan culture, as claimed by the Greek historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus who described the Etruscans as indigenous people who had always lived in Etruria. A migration from the Aegean sea, as claimed by a couple of Greek historians: Herodotus, who described them as a group of immigrants from Lydia in Anatolia, and Hellanicus of Lesbos who claimed that the Tyrrhenians were the Pelasgians originally from Thessaly, Greece The third hypotheses is reported by Livy and Pliny the Elder, the Etruscans as related to Rhaetian people to the north and other populations living in the Alps.

German linguist Helmut Rix proposed the Tyrsenian language family, with Etruscan related to the Rhaetic language spoken in the Alps north of Etruria, and to the Lemnian language spoken in Lemons. In particular the Lemnian language could have arrived in the Aegean Sea during the Late Bronze Age, when Mycenaean rulers recruited groups of mercenaries from Sicily, Sardinia and various parts of the Italian peninsula.

The latest mtDNA study (2013) suggests that the Etruscans appear to fall very close to a Neolithic population from Central Europe and to other Tuscan populations.

Etruscan

Etruscan can mean:




Etruscan language

The Etruscan language was spoken and written by the Etruscans in the ancient area of Etruria (what is now Tuscany, western Umbria and northern Latium) and in parts of Lombardy, Veneto and Emilia-Romagna (where the Gauls took the place of the Etruscans), in Italy.

Inscriptions have been found in northwestern and west-central Italy in the region that still has a name that came from the Etruscans, Tuscany (from Latin "tusc" "Etruscans") and in Latium, north of Rome, in Umbria west of the Tiber, around Capua in Campania and in the Po Valley to the north of Etruria. That is probably the area in Italy in which the language was once spoken.


Albanian language

The Albanian language ("") is an Indo-European language. It is spoken mostly in Albania (3,500,000), Kosovo and (500,000) Republic of North Macedonia.
Ghegs, Tosks, Arbëresh, Arvanites, Arbanasi


Trialeti culture

The Trialeti culture was seen around the 2nd millennium B.C. In the late 3rd millennium B.C. settlements of the Kura-Araxes culture began to be replaced by early Trialeti culture sites. The Trialeti culture was the second culture to appear in the Caucasus, after the Kura-Araxes culture. The Trialeti culture shows close ties with the highly-developed cultures of the ancient world, particularly with the Aegean.


Kura–Araxes culture

The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture, a people that lived from 3400 BC until about 2000 BC. The earliest evidence for this culture is found on the Ararat plain; thence it spread to Georgia by 3000 B.C.

The land they lived in are now Armenia, Georgia , Azerbaijan and the Caucasus.


Biodiesel

Biodiesel is a type of fuel prepared by changing vegetable oil, animal fat, special types of algae and possibly even sewage. It is considered a type of renewable energy, since it all comes from living plants and animals. It can be used to power an engine, usually for vehicles, including airplanes. It replaces diesel that comes from petroleum, a type of fossil fuel. 

Biofuel prepared from biomass is different since it does not start from oil and uses a different chemical process to make the fuel.

Biodiesel is much cleaner and has less pollution than diesel fuel made from fossil fuels. It also acts as a solvent (like soap). In fact, it cleans the engine so much that it might pull out old dirt in the engine and clog up the filters. After the filters are replaced then it is fine.

In the United States and several other places, new laws say that regular diesel fuel must be low in sulfur. This gets rid of pollution, especially acid rain, but it also makes the fuel less slippery. Adding in biodiesel helps keep the fuel slippery and the engine running smoothly. 

Most biodiesel comes from plants. This means a lot of farmland is used to grow plants for fuel instead of for feeding animals and people. There are scientists, chemical engineers and agricultural engineers who are studying ways to use algae and saltwater plants to make oil. This would not take away farmland that is used to grow food. Also, some biodiesel comes from waste oil and waste animal fat, that would otherwise be thrown away. NASA is testing biodiesel made from chicken fat to fuel their airplanes. 

All diesel fuel has a problem starting an engine in cold weather, but biodiesel has more of a problem. This can be solved by mixing biodiesel and regular diesel at the right mixture. Or by heating the fuel before it is used by the engine. There might be a heater built into the vehicle for this.

Most biodiesel is made from oilseed. Oilseed is any type of seed that has enough oil in it to be useful in making vegetable oil. 

In Brazil, castor beans are the best plants to make biodiesel.
In Germany biodiesel is usually made from rapeseeds.
Soybeans and sunflower seeds are commonly used in the United States.
In Thailand, the raw material will most likely come from palm oil, coconut oil, Jatropha oil, and animal fat.
Jatropha trees also grow in India and Africa.

Some people make their own biodiesel by converting old oil that is used in restaurants to fry foods. The exhaust smells a bit like french fries. 

Someday algae might be used to make more biodiesel than is made today with vegetable oil. Algae can be grown in places that food cannot be grown in, so it would not take food away from people. But right now it is still too expensive, but scientists are looking at ways to make the process better. 

Nimrod

Nimrod (; , "an-Namrūd") according to the Bible was the son of Kush, grandson of Ham and a "mighty hunter before the Lord" who built cities at Akkad, Erech (Uruk), and Babel. According to many legends, and as told by the Jewish historian Flavius Josephus, he became an evil tyrant who forced all his subjects to bake bricks for the Tower of Babel.

Julie Kavner

Julie Deborah Kavner (born September 7, 1950) is an Emmy Award-winning American actress and comedienne, best known for playing Brenda Morgenstern on "Rhoda" in the 1970s, as an actress in several Woody Allen-directed films and playing the voice of Marge Simpson on the animated television show "The Simpsons". She also voices Marge's sisters Patty and Selma.




Age of Empires

Age of Empires is a series of real-time strategy computer games made by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios. 

Four games in the main series are: "Age of Empires", "Age of Empires II" , "Age of Empires III" and "Age of Empires IV". There is also a spinoff game called "Age of Mythology". It is similar to "Age of Empires", but players can also control monsters like the cyclops. After Ensemble Studios had closed down, another game called "Age of Empires Online" was made. It is "free to play", which means that you do not have to pay money to play the game, but you can buy things in the game if you want to.

"Age of Empires I" (2018), "Age of Empires II" (2019) and "Age of Empires III" (2020) come in "Definitive Editions" with better graphics et cetera.

In "Age of Empires", the player usually guides a small tribe of people to build a city. The people, called villagers, can hunt deer, collect berries, and farm for food. They can chop trees for wood. They can collect gold and stone at mines in the ground. The villagers build buildings to make a large city.

There are enemy cities that the player must destroy. When the player has enough food, wood, gold, and stone, the player can train soldiers to fight the enemy. At the beginning of the game, the player only gets weak soldiers, but the player can get better and better units as time goes on.

Each game takes place over four or five time periods called ages. Each players starts in the first age and wants to get to the last age. Each game has a different set of ages:

When a player has enough food and gold to advance to the next age, the player must wait. After about a minute, the city reaches the next age. The player's buildings look different and the player can do new things to improve his town and soldiers. New, powerful soldiers such as archers (people that shoot with a bow and arrow), cavalry (warriors that ride horses), catapults (machines that throw stones), artillery (big guns that shoot cannon balls) can be used. The player can build walls and towers to defend the city. The player can even build many different Wonders that give different effects.

All of the "Age of Empires" games are usually good because the game makes sure no type of soldier is too powerful. There is always a way to kill a large group of enemy units. For example, if a group of twenty archers is attacking, the player should fight back with cavalry or artillery. Many people call this balance, because it is impossible for one unit to get too powerful.

The "Age of Empires" games have many different groups of people to choose from. Each group has a different set of soldiers and abilities. 

There are four common ways to play "Age of Empires":

"Age of Empires" can be played alone (against computer players) or online against human players. "Age of Empires" can be played online using official multiplayer platforms or programs like GameRanger and Voobly.


Bridge (instrument)

A bridge on a string instrument is something that stands on the body of the instrument and supports the strings. It sends the vibrations of the strings to the main part of the instrument so that the sound can be heard.

The bridge of an instrument in the violin family (violin, viola, cello and double bass) can be seen very clearly. It is a piece of hardwood which is shaped like a bridge. The top is like an arch in shape because the player needs to be able to play on one string at a time. The feet of the bridge have to be shaped to fit on the front of the instrument (the “belly”) which is curved. The bridge is not fixed to the instrument: it is only held up because of the tension (tightness) of the strings. The soundpost, a small wooden column inside the body, is also held up by tension of the strings and the bridge.
The part of the string which vibrates and gives the note is the part between the bridge and the top of the fingerboard (or the part between the bridge and where the player puts his finger). The other end of the string is fixed to a tailpiece.

On a banjo the bridge works in the same way, but on a guitar the bridge is fixed to the instrument and the strings are fixed to the bridge.

There are even instruments with moveable bridges such as the Japanese koto which has a separate bridge for each string.

Bridge (disambiguation)

Bridge may mean:
In chemistry:
In electronics:
In music:
In computers:




Brazilwood

Brazilwood or Pau-Brasil, sometimes known as Pernambuco wood ("Caesalpina echinata") is a Brazilian tree. It has a dense, orange-red wood (which takes a high shine), and it is the most frequently used wood for making bows for string instruments from the violin family. The wood also gives a red dye called brazilin.

There are several trees in this family which have very similar properties, including the development of red dye. The term "brazilwood" is sometimes used for these other species as well. The tree was exploited for their dye in the 18th century, and is now lost over much of its original range.

When Pedro Álvares Cabral explored Brazil, he named it after the brazilwood that he found there.

Chav

Chav (male) and chavette (female) are mainly negative, unkind slang words used in the United Kingdom for a subcultural stereotype of young underclass white people. Chav: "a young working class person who dresses in casual sports clothing or a baseball cap".

They may wear fashion based on American hip-hop such as fake gold jewellery and designer clothing, combined with elements of working class British street fashion. Many are either school age or late teens/early twenties and may come from a family culture of social security claimants ("SS claimants"). The term first appeared in dictionaries in 2005. They tend to listen to R&B, hip hop, UK garage, grime and reggae and drum & bass music.

Chavs are stereotypically narrow-minded and more often than not, below average intelligence. Chavs also tend to use slang language to appear "cooler" and more "edgy".

Chavs may be associated with criminality, including: assault, mugging, robbery, burglary and car crime. Anti-social behaviour orders (Asbos) were introduced to tackle such persistent offending.

“Chavette” is a term used to describe female chavs.

In 2011, Owen Jones published his first book, "Chavs: The Demonization of the Working Class". Jones says in it that 'chav' is a word used to make working-class people seem less human. In 2014, "The Guardian" Suzanne Moore wrote an article calling R&B singer and songwriter Tulisa a chav.

Council house

The council house is a form of public housing found in Ireland and the United Kingdom, sometimes called social housing in modern times. Council houses were built and operated by local councils to help the local population. Council houses were built and operated by local councils. The aim was to supply uncrowded, well-built homes with lower rents to working-class people. Council house building began in the late in the 1860s in London and Liverpool. The Housing of The Working Classes Act, 1890 gave local councils powers to buy land and build houses. The Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act 1919 gave them money to pay for the building and powers to build outside their own areas.. Between 1919 and 1939, local councils built a total of 1.1 million homes. 

It peaked in the mid-20th century. The Housing Act 1980 gave tenants the Right to Buy their home at a large discount. Gerald Kaufman, then in the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet and a former Environment Minister himself, said the Act would "not provide a single new home and [would] deprive many homeless people or families living in tower blocks from getting suitable accommodation".

As of 2005, approximately 20% of the country's housing was owned by local councils or by housing associations. The largest council estate in the country (and one of the largest in the world) is Becontree, Dagenham, with a population of over 100,000. Building started in the 1920s and took nearly 20 years to finish.

The Republic of Ireland has a similar public housing system, Local Authority Accommodation.

Midnight Madness

Midnight Madness is a 1980 comedy movie from Walt Disney Productions, starring David Naughton. The movie is about a group of college students who participate in an all night puzzle solving race. It is Michael J. Fox's first film role.

The movie did not do well in theaters and many critics did not like it. However, the movie has gained a cult following, and has been the inspiration for many real-life puzzle and alternate reality games.



Barvas

Barvas or Barabhas is a village on the Isle of Lewis. It is said to have the biggest percentage of Gaelic speakers in Scotland, (74.7% here speak Gaelic.)

Lewis

Lewis is the northern part of Lewis and Harris, the largest island in the Western Isles (or Outer Hebrides) of Scotland. 

Its biggest town is called Stornoway, which has a population of over 5000. Most people on the island speak Gaelic. On the island, there is a town called Barvas, which is the place which has the biggest percentage of Gaelic speakers (74.7% of the people speak Gaelic).


Stornoway

Stornoway is the biggest town in the Outer Hebrides. It is on the Isle of Lewis, and over 5,000 people live there. It has nearby the Stornoway Airport, an old RAF airbase which now acts a link between the island and the Scottish mainland.

Skye

Skye is the largest and most northerly island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland. More than 9000 people live there, and half of the people speak Gaelic. The main settlement is Portree, known for its picturesque harbour.

The island has been occupied since the mesolithic period and has a colourful history. It was rule by the Norse for 400 years, then dominated by Clan MacLeod and Clan Donald. The Highland Clearances of the 19th century caused a decline in the population from over 20,000 to around 9,200 in the early 21st century. The population has risen 4% from the census of 1991. The main industries are tourism, agriculture, fishing and whisky-distilling.

Skye is part of the Highland Council local government area and is now linked to the mainland by a road bridge. The island is renowned for its spectacular scenery, vibrant culture and heritage, and its abundant wildlife, including the Golden Eagle, Red Deer and Atlantic Salmon.

Skye has a rich heritage of ancient monuments from the clans, especially castles. Dunvegan Castle has been the seat of Clan MacLeod since the 13th century. It may have been inhabited by a single family for longer than any other house in Scotland.

The 18th century Armadale Castle, once home of Clan Donald was abandoned as a residence in 1925 but now hosts the Clan Donald Centre. Nearby are the ruins of two more MacDonald strongholds, Knock Castle, and Dunscaith Castle, the legendary home of Queen Scáthach.

At 1,656 square kilometres (639 sq mi), Skye is the second-largest island in Scotland after Lewis and Harris.

The Black Cuillin, low mountains mainly composed of basalt and gabbro, include 12 peaks the Scots call 'Munros'. This is some of the most dramatic and challenging mountain terrain in Scotland. The ascent of Sgùrr a' Ghreadaidh is one of the longest rock climbs in Britain and the Inaccessible Pinnacle is the only peak in Scotland that requires technical climbing skills to reach the summit. A full crossing of the Cuillin ridge may take 15–20 hours to complete.

2024 Summer Olympics

The 2024 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, is a sporting event that will happen from July 26 to August 11 in Paris, France.

On July 11, 2017, a proposal to choose the 2024 and 2028 Olympic host cities at the same time was approved by an Extraordinary IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland. On July 31, 2017, the International Olympic Committee made a deal with Los Angeles to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. It made Paris host the 2024 Summer Olympics. On September 13, 2017, the hosts for both Olympic games was announced at the 131st IOC Session in Lima, Peru.



Thomas Bach stated that Hamburg would apply for 2024 Olympic Games. Hamburg would have hosted the games the first time in history and would therefore have received the virtue over Berlin as Berlin's inhabitant had a negative atmosphere towards the Olympic Games application.

The organization of the Games in Copenhagen was investigated by the Danish government 




Larry Needle, executive director of the Philadelphia Sports Congress, said that if Philadelphia, the largest city in Pennsylvania, wanted to host the Olympics, its earliest realistic chance would have been the 2024 Summer Games

A study by eleven graduate students from the University of Pennsylvania showed that Philadelphia should have considered bidding for the 2024 Olympics. The study said that one of the city's biggest challenges would be convincing the voters who select the host city that Philadelphia is a "world-class city", something that "will require strategic changes in the city’s landscape in conjunction with a persuasive marketing strategy". The study mentions that when arriving in the city from Philadelphia International Airport, it is difficult to find a route that does not have abandoned oil tanks, old structures and thousands of tons of waste. One good thing about having the Games in Philadelphia is that it is near many large cities.


On July 10, 2007 it was revealed that the Canadian Olympic Committee had worked on a potential bid for the 2020 or 2024 games for Toronto, the capital of Ontario and the largest city in Canada. This would have been Toronto's third bid for the summer Olympic games, after unsuccessful bids for the 1996 and 2008 Summer Games.


The subtropical city of Brisbane would seriously consider bidding for the Olympic Games in 2020 or 2024, former Queensland Premier Peter Beattie has said. His announcement came after IOC President Jacques Rogge said the IOC would love to see a bid from Brisbane in the future.

Australia hosted the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne. In 1986, Brisbane lost the bid for the 1992 Summer Olympics, which were held in Barcelona. However, Brisbane has experience in hosting major international sporting events; the city hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and the 2001 Goodwill Games.

Australia also hosted the Olympic games in Sydney, 2000.

2022 Winter Olympics

The 2022 Winter Olympics, formally called the XXIV Olympic Winter Games, is the 24th Games of the Winter Olympics. It is an international winter sports event that was held from February 4 to February 20, 2022. The winning bid was announced in the summer of 2015 and Beijing was chosen. Because Beijing hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics, it became the first city ever to host both the Summer and the Winter Olympics. 






Guarneri

Guarneri is the name of a family of famous violin makers from Cremona in Italy in the 17th and 18th centuries. Together with the families Amati and Stradivari they made some of the best violins the world has known. 

Andrea Guarneri ( - 7 December 1698) was a pupil in the workshop of Nicolo Amati from 1641 to 1646 and returned to make violins for Amati from 1650 to 1654. He married a rich lady and they were able to buy a large house which became known as the “Casa Guarneri”. They had seven children. Two of his sons: Pietro Giovanni and Giuseppe Giovanni, became violin makers. Andrea Guarneri produced some fine violas, one of which was played by William Primrose in the early 20th century.

Pietro Giovanni Guarneri (18 February 1655 - 26 March 1720), known as Peter of Mantua ("Pietro da Mantova") to distinguish him from his nephew Pietro Guarneri. He worked in his father's workshop from around 1670 until his marriage in 1677. He had settled in Mantua by 1683, where he worked both as a musician and a violin maker. His instruments are generally better than his father's. However, he did not make so many instruments because he spent a lot of his time playing them. None of his children became violin makers. Joseph Szigeti played one of his instruments.

Andrea's younger son, Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri (25 November 1666 - 1739 or 1740), known as "filius Andreae", joined his father's business in Cremona. He inherited it in 1698. He is one of the great violin makers.

Giuseppe Giovanni Battista was father to two other instrument makers: Pietro Guerneri who settled in Venice and Bartolomeo.

Pietro Guarneri (Peter of Venice or "Pietro da Venezia") (14 April 1695 - 7 April 1762) made some instruments that are as great as those of his father. One of his cellos was played by Beatrice Harrison. 

Bartolomeo Giuseppe Guarneri ("del Gesù"), also known as Joseph (21 August 1698 - 17 October 1744), has been called the finest violin maker of the Amati line (Amati and his pupils). Giuseppe is known as "del Gesù" because his labels always have the characters I.H.S. ("iota-eta-sigma") and a Roman cross. His instruments are different from the others made by his family. They are thought of as the greatest violins with the exception of those by Stradivari. The famous violin virtuoso Niccolò Paganini’s favorite instrument was a Guarneri del Gesù violin of 1743. The "Lord Wilton" Guarneri del Gesù violin made in 1742 was owned by Yehudi Menuhin and other Twentieth-century 'del Gesù' players have included, Arthur Grumiaux, Jascha Heifetz, Isaac Stern and Henryk Szeryng.



Amati

Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers. They made violins between about 1549 and 1740. They worked in Cremona in Italy, the town which is famous for violin making. 

The most famous member of the family was Andrea Amati who was born some time before 1511 and died in Cremona on 24 December 1577. He can be thought of as the inventor of the modern violin. He made violins, violas and cellos. A small number of his instruments are still in existence. They are dated between 1564 and 1574 and they have the coat of arms of Charles IX of France on the back.

Andrea Amati’s two sons were Antonio Amati who was born about 1540 in Cremona and died there on 14 February 1607 and Girolamo Amati who was born about 1561 in Cremona and died of the plague there on 21 October 1630. They are known as "The Brothers Amati", but they did not work much together. However, they both produced some great instruments. They made the shape of the f holes perfect and gave their instruments more strength. They also made some large violas and cellos. They had an enormous influence on all other violin makers.

Nicolò Amati was the son of Girolamo Amati. He is now the most famous member of the family. He was born on 3 December 1596 and died on 12 April 1684. He was the most eminent of the family. He had become a very skilled violin maker by 1630 when his father died. During the next few years there was a lot of suffering because of the plague and not many people could afford to buy instruments. Then, after 1640, there was more demand again and Nicolò made many great instruments. Those that have survived are among the most sought-after and expensive violins today. He made instruments that were slightly wider and were known as the “Grand Pattern”. Many other violin makers learned from him. These pupils include Andrea Guarneri and possibly also Antonio Stradivari.

The last maker of the family was Nicolo's son, Girolamo Amati, known as Hieronymus II. He was born on 26 February and died on 21 February, 1740. Although he made some improvements to his father's instruments, they are not as good. Antonio Stradivari became the greatest violin maker at this time.




Guardians of Scotland

The Guardians of Scotland were appointed to act as King during the two "interregnums" of 1290-1292 and 1296-1302.

An interregum is a time when a monarchy has no king. It is from the Latin for "between reigns".

Montel Vontavious Porter

Hassan Hamin Assad (born Alvin Antonio Burke Jr.; October 28, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and rapper. He is better known by the ring name Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP). He is currently signed to WWE and is the manager of Omos. He has also worked with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Ring of Honor (ROH) and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW). 

Porter became famous with his first run in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2005 to 2010. During this time, he became a one-time WWE Tag Team Champion with Matt Hardy and a two-time WWE United States Champion. He was released from his WWE contract in December 2010, but returned in the 2020 Royal Rumble match. That same year, he formed a stable called The Hurt Business with Bobby Lashley, Cedric Alexander and Shelton Benjamin.

He spent six months in a juvenile detention center after a robbery and later completed 9½ years of an 18½ year prison sentence for armed robbery and kidnapping which at the time he started it he was sixteen. He has a rare heart condition called Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. He converted to Islam while in prison but has since described himself as a nonbeliever.


Pretzel

A pretzel (French: "Bretzel", Alsatian: "bradchdal", German: "Breze" or "Brezel") is a baked snack that originated in Germany. It is traditionally twisted into a unique knot-like shape. The pretzel dough is made from wheat flour and yeast. Before baking, it is dipped into "Natronlauge" (, sodium hydroxide solution (NaOH) or sodium carbonate solution (NaCO)) and sprinkled with coarse salt. During baking, a Maillard reaction then gives the pretzel its characteristic brown color and distinctive flavor. In Bavaria, it is obligatory in a Weißwurst breakfast.

Because they are made mostly of wheat, pretzels can be problematic for people who have wheat allergy, coeliac disease, or wheat intolerances.

There are different types of pretzels, like chocolate pretzels.


Shoplifting

Shoplifting is theft by stealing goods or money from a retail store. It can be done by placing the item in pockets, under clothes or in bags and leaving the store without paying for the item in question.

Shoplifting, when detected, is punishable by law enforcement.

Portrait

A portrait is a painting or a photograph of a person's face and its expression. The purpose of a portrait is to show the likeness, personality, and even the mood of the person. For this reason, in photography, a portrait is actually not a snapshot, but a calm image of a person in a still position. A portrait normally shows a person looking directly at the painter or photographer.


Steroid

A steroid is a organic compound, either natural or man-made, which has four cycloalkane rings in its structure. Plants, animals and fungi make hundreds of different natural steroids.

Steroid hormones are steroids which act as hormones in the body. Natural steroid hormones are usually made from cholesterol in the adrenal glands and gonads. Cholesterol is a plentiful steroid in animal cells: it is important for cell membranes.

Examples of steroid hormones include 

One review noted: The adrenal gland hormones play a vital role in adapting to "ever-changing environmental and emergency situations, and help vertebrates in their successful survival".

Prednisone is an important man-made steroid medication, used to treat inflammation.


Some steroid hormones are anabolic steroids (AAS). Since the discovery and synthesis of testosterone in the 1930s, AAS have been used by physicians for many purposes, with varying degrees of success:

Certain anabolic steroids, such as testosterone, are used to help make muscles stronger. Such steroids are used to improve a person's performance, but they are sometimes overused and abused by athletes. The rate of steroid abuse grew greatly in the early 21st century, all over the world. Overuse of anabolic steroids can have bad effects on the human body. They can cripple or kill. Sports organisations now regulate their use.



Road rage

Road rage means violent behavior by a driver of a road vehicle. This includes verbal abuse, offensive gestures, and dangerous driving methods. Road rage may cause violence or accidents.

Graceland

Graceland is a estate and large white-colored mansion that was owned by Elvis Presley. It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.



Harry Shearer

Harry Julius Shearer (born December 23, 1943, in Los Angeles, California) is an American comedic actor, voice actor, comedian, writer, musician, author, radio host, director and producer. Shearer is famous for playing the voices of several minor characters for "The Simpsons" (1989 to present).

Shearer was a child actor. He acted on the Jack Benny radio program.

Shearer was a member of the Credibility Gap comedy group. The radio stations KRLA and later KPPC broadcast the Credibility Gap. He performed on the Pop Chronicles music documentary.

Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls in the 1984 comedy movie "This is Spinal Tap". Rob Reiner directed this movie. 

Shearer speaks the voices for many characters on "The Simpsons" cartoon. Some of the characters he plays are Mr. Burns, Waylon Smithers, and Ned Flanders.


Nancy Cartwright

Nancy Jean Cartwright (born on October 25, 1957 in Dayton, Ohio) is an American actress, voice actress, comedian, clown, jester, mime and tap dancer. She is known for providing the voices of Bart Simpson, Nelson Muntz, Todd Flanders and Ralph Wiggum on the animated television show "The Simpsons". She also plays the voice of Chuckie Finster on "Rugrats" and "All Grown Up!".

Cartwright graduated from Fairmont High School. She went to Ohio University and the University of Los Angeles (UCLA). At UCLA, she earned a degree in theatre.

r


Coco Lee

Coco Lee (; born Ferren Lee, 17 January 1975 – 5 July 2023) was a Hong Kong-born American singer and songwriter. Her real name is Ferren Lee-Kelly and 李美林 Lǐ Měi Lín in Chinese (although she also used the stage name 李玟 Lǐ Wen when she wrote songs). She sang Cantonese, Mandarin and English.

CoCo Lee was born in Hong Kong to a Chinese Indonesian father and a Hong Kong Chinese mother. Her father died when she was young, and CoCo moved at age 10 with her mother, and her 2 sisters to California, United States. She went through school while trying out her singing voice and she followed her older sisters in entering many local singing contests. CoCo Lee went to high school in San Francisco, California. CoCo later went for a short time to the University of California, Irvine. CoCo is close to her mother, who has at times managed her career.

After Lee's high school graduation in 1993, she went on holiday in Hong Kong, probably seeing her two sisters Carol and Nancy Lee take part in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant, and while there, she became runner-up in the 12th Annual New Talent Singing Awards. The following day, the local record label Capital artists Records contacted her.

CoCo Lee appeared in some compilations with other singers with Capital artists. Then, in 1994 she worked with Fancy Pie Records and recorded four albums with them. She later signed with another record company in 1996 by Sony Music, who has continued to represent her until 2008. After that, she changed her record company and decided to work with Warner Music (Taiwan).

CoCo sang the song "A Love Before Time" for the action-drama movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. People around the world could see her when she sang this song live at the 2001 Academy Awards ceremony.

In 2002, CoCo was the star singer at a Houston Rockets basketball game. She became the first East Asian singer to ever sing the American National Anthem at a major world sporting event.

Aside from her fame in singing Mandarin music, CoCo's English-language songs have also become famous. Her love song "Before I Fall In Love" was included in the soundtrack of the romance movie Runaway Bride.

Walt Disney Pictures also hired her to sing the title song and be the voice of the heroine Fa Mulan in the Mandarin version of Mulan. She recorded the song "Reflections", which she also sang at the 2005 opening of the Hong Kong Disneyland with Lea Salonga. A "Reflections" PV was also filmed. She also sang an English version which appears on her maxi single "Take a chance on love".

CoCo was also an actress. She co-starred in the Chinese comedy movie "Master of Everything (Bamboo Shoot)" with John Lone, which won the Best Foreign Film award at the 2005 Beverly Hills Film Festival. While in character within the movie, she sings one of her own songs, "Di da di".

In the world of fashion, CoCo was an Omega Global Ambassador in 2004, and Chanel named CoCo its first "Asian-Pacific Celebrity Ambassadress" in 2001. She got her nickname "CoCo" from being an admirer of CoCo Chanel.

In June 2005, CoCo's engagement to Canadian millionaire businessman Bruce Rockowitz was made public, although it seems to have happened some months earlier. Even though Rockowitz is 18 years older than she, her mother approved the marriage.

CoCo returned to the San Francisco bay area in 2007 for a live concert at the Shoreline Amphitheatre on 22 September 2007 with special guest Alex To. It was her first live performance in her hometown in several years.

In 2008, Coco was chosen to sing one of the Olympic songs, "Forever Friends", opposite Sun Nan.

On 17 July 2009, she had a solo concert at Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. She's the first Chinese singer to ever performed in this place. She notably sang 3 Michael Jackson's songs "Gone too soon", "Rock with you" and "The way you make me feel" in homage to her idol.

On 14 August, she released her new Mandarin album "East to west" with Warner Music. The main hit singles are "Party time", "Beautiful theme song" and "Turn". It also contains the cover of Jay Sean's "Maybe" called "Love now" and "BYOB", a song to encourage people to bring and recycle their own shopping bags to save the environment.

She recorded the song "Smile Shanghai" (微笑上海) with other artists including JJ Lin, Andy Lau, Jam Hsiao or Jane Zhang for Shanghai World Expo 2010.

On March, 27 2010, Lee began her "East2West" World Tour Concert in Taipei at Taipei Arena. She pursued at the Encore Theatre in Wynn Casino in Las Vegas on 3 and 4 July, then in Singapore Indoor Stadium in Singapore on 2 October and in Nanning on 16 December.

In March 2011, Lee was one of many artists participating in the recording of "Artists 311 Love Beyond Borders" (愛心無國界311燭光晚會) official theme song called "Succomb not to sorrow" (不要輸給心痛) in Cantonese version.

On 7 April 2011, her song "Dreams on oriental seas" (梦在东方的海上) featuring Sun Nan was broadcasted. It had been named as he theme for the 14th FINA world championships. It took take place in Shanghai in July 2011.

On 8 June 2011, Lee announced that she recently set up her own studio. That way, she was more free to write and produce music that she loved. Her newest album was planned for Summer 2011.

On 25 June, her song "Four seas alliance" (四海盟約), the theme song for the 2011 China television drama "Water Margin" (水滸傳), was broadcasted.

Lee attempted suicide on 2 July 2023, and was sent to the hospital in an unconscious state. She died three days later. She was 48 years old.

CoCo Lee's voice has been favourably compared with that of Mariah Carey and other western artistes, due to her tonality, strength and vocal range. Her voice is classified as a light-lyric soprano, with a vocal range of three octaves. Her lowest recorded note is an E3 and highest recorded note is E6. Her highest chest voice note is F6 in the song Before I Fall in Love.




"Not exhaustive"



Daniel Schneidermann

Daniel Schneidermann (born April 5, 1958 in Paris) is a French journalist. He mainly reports about televised media. He is most active in weekly columns. Schneidermann has written in "Le Monde" and is presently in "Libération". He also can be seen on the television program "Arrêt sur images" ("Freeze-frame"), broadcast by the public television channel France 5.

Pound (mass)

A pound (usually abbreviated as lb, plural lbs) is a unit used to measure the mass of something. It is used in the imperial system and the United States customary system. It is related to the Pound (force). There are a number of different definitions. The most commonly used definition today is the international avoirdupois pound. This is equal to , and is divided into 16 avoirdupois ounces.

The abbreviation lb is for the Latin word "libra", meaning "weight."

The avoirdupois pound (abbreviation lb., plural lbs.) is the most common unit. This type is used for all purposes except the uses of the troy pound. Most people from the United States, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, Liberia and Burma use this as their standard measure of their personal mass.

The troy pound (abbreviation t lb., plural t lbs.) is generally not used anymore. It was used in England by apothecaries and jewellers. A troy pound contains 12 troy ounces. The troy ounce is still used to measure the mass of precious metals and gems.

In some European countries, a metric pound is an informal term for half a kilogram (500 grams). In the Netherlands, however, the metric pound () is equal to 480 grams. A Dutch 'ons' is equal to 100 grams, and it is often said that 5 ons is 1 pond.

Eastern Armenia

Eastern Armenia was a part of Ottoman Armenia and Persian that was merged with the Russian empire.

The Eastern Armenian dialect of the Armenian language is spoken mostly in the Caucasus region (including Armenia) and in Iran and Russia.


Western Armenia

Western Armenia (), also referred to as Byzantine Armenia, later Turkish Armenia, or Ottoman Armenia is a term coined following the division of Greater Armenia between Byzantine Empire ("Western Armenia") and Persia ("Eastern Armenia") in 387 AC.

After the death of Armenian king "Arshak III", in 390 AC, the Western Armenia was governed by Greek generals. In the 7th century Western Armenia was one of the centers of "Pavlikian" Christian popular sect. Since 9th century the most part of Western Armenia included Vaspurakan and Taron was under the rule of Bagratid dynasty of Armenia. Then the Zakarid Armenia of 13-14th centuries included some parts of Western Armenia.
After Turkish-Persian wars of 1602-1639 Western Armenia became part of Ottoman Empire. Since Russo-Turkish War, 1828-1829 that term is referred to the Armenian-populated historical regions of the Ottoman Empire that remained under Ottoman rule after the eastern part was ceded to the Russian Empire.

Western (Ottoman) Armenia was composed of six vilayets ("vilâyat-ı sitte"), the vilayets of Erzurum, Van, Bitlis, Diyarbekir, Kharput, and Sivas. After the collapse of Ottoman Empire Western Armenia remained under Turkish rule, and in 1894–96 and 1915 Turkey perpetrated systematic massacres and forced deportations of Armenians.

After the Armenian genocide the distinct Western Armenian dialect of the Armenian language (recognized as one of the major dialects of Armenian ) is spoken primarily in Istanbul, Lebanon, Egypt, other parts of Armenian diaspora, and formerly in eastern Turkey. It differs orthographically from Eastern Armenian, there are also phonological differences. In some parts of the diaspora, the Armenian schools, such as L'École Arménienne Sourp Hagop and the Armenian Sisters Academy instruct Western Armenian to the students, instead of Eastern Armenian, the official dialect of the Republic of Armenia.

The fate of Western Armenia — commonly referred to as "The Armenian Question" — is considered as a key issue in the modern history of the Armenian people. The first and second congresses of Western Armenians took place in Yerevan in 1917 and 1919. Since 2000, an organizing committee of congress of heirs of Western Armenians who survived the Armenian Genocide is active in diasporan communities.




Kingdom of Poland (1385–1569)

The Kingdom of Poland of the Jagiellons lasted from 1385 to 1569. It was created by the accession of Wladislaus II Jagiełło, Grand Duke of Lithuania, to the Polish throne in 1386. The Union of Krewo united Poland and Lithuania into one monarchy. The union was confirmed but also transformed into the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth by the Union of Lublin in 1569. This was shortly followed by the end of the Jagiellon dynasty that had ruled Poland for two centuries.


Jagiellon dynasty

The Jagiellons were a royal dynasty that came from Lithuania and reigned in some Central European countries (present day Lithuania, Belarus, Poland, Ukraine, Latvia, Estonia, Kaliningrad, parts of Russia, Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia) between the 14th and 16th century. 

Members of the dynasty were grand dukes of Lithuania 1377–1392 and 1440–1572, kings of Poland 1386–1572, kings of Hungary 1440–1444 and 1490–1526, and kings of Bohemia 1471–1526. The family was a branch of the Lithuanian Gediminaičių dynasty.

The name (other variations used in English include: Jagiellonians, Jagiellos, Jogailos, Jagiellas) comes from Jogaila ("pol.:" Jagiełło), the first Polish king of that dynasty.

Jagiellons were hereditary rulers of Poland and Lithuania.

The Jagiellon rulers of Poland–Lithuania (with dates of ruling in brackets) were:



D'oh!

D'oh! (also spelled out as annoyed grunt), is a famous catchphrase created by the fictional character Homer Simpson, from the popular animated television series, "The Simpsons". It was also famously accepted into the "Oxford English Dictionary" in 2002. The quote is normally used when Homer hurts himself, finds out that he has done something stupid, or when something bad has happened or is about to happen to him. He often gives himself a facepalm at the same time. Other characters from the Simpsons have also been heard using the chatchprase too, the most common being his son Bart. Homer has also been known to change this phrase slightly. For example, in The Simpsons Movie he shouts "D'oooooome!" when the town is sealed in the glass dome.


Aqua regia

Aqua regia ("Royal water" in Latin) is a very strong acid. It is made by mixing one part concentrated nitric acid and three parts concentrated hydrochloric acid. The acid was named by alchemists because it can dissolve the noble metals gold and platinum. Tantalum, iridium and a few other metals are not dissolved by it.

Aqua regia was discovered around the year 800AD, by Jabir Bin Hayyan (Geber), when he mixed common salt with vitriol (sulphuric acid). In the Middle Ages it was one of the ways that alchemists tried to find the philosopher's stone. 

When Germany invaded Denmark in World War II, the Hungarian chemist took the Nobel Prize medals of and to keep them safe. De Hevesy dissolved the medals, which were made of gold, into aqua regia. He did this so the Nazis would not steal them. He placed the jar that held the solution of aqua regia and gold on a shelf in his laboratory at the . The jar looked the same as hundreds of other jars in the laboratory, so the Nazis thought that all the jars had normal chemicals in them. After the war, de Hevesy returned to the lab, found the jar with the solution, and removed the gold from it. He returned the gold to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and the Nobel Foundation used the gold to make new medals for Laue and Franck.

Aqua Regia is used in metal etching and scientific analysis. It is also used to clean certain lab machines from tiny metal particles. It is particularly used in the extraction and purification of gold and platinum. Users mix it immediately before use so it won't decompose.

Inari Okami

The traditional messengers of Inari are foxes.

Kurgan hypothesis

The Kurgan model of Indo-European origins is about both the people and their Proto-Indo-European language.

It uses both archaeology and linguistics to show the history of their culture at different stages of the Indo-European expansion.

The Kurgan model is the most widely accepted theory on the origins of Indo-European. 

When it was first suggested in 1956, Marija Gimbutas's answer to the question of Indo-European origins was a pioneering interdisciplinary synthesis of archaeology and linguistics. From the nineties on, new archaeological evidence from Northern European prehistoric cultures was put forward on the influence and expansion of Kurgan cultures.


Marija Gimbutas

Marija Gimbutas (Lithuanian: Marija Gimbutienė, born Marija Birutė Alseikaitė) (Vilnius, Lithuania, January 23, 1921 – Los Angeles, United States February 2, 1994), was a Lithuanian-American archeologist, known for her research into the Neolithic and Bronze Age cultures of "Old Europe" and the theories that she introduced. Between 1946 and 1971, her writings merged traditional spadework with linguistics and mythologies.

Luwians

The Luwians also known as "Luvians" were a people closely related to the Hittites. Sometime after 2300, the Luwians, an Indo-European-speaking people, settled in southern Anatolia.

The Luwians were related to the Hittites and were the dominant group in the Late Hittite culture.



Phrygia

Phrygia () was a kingdom in the west central part of the Anatolia. The Phrygian people started to live in the area from c. 1200 BC, and made a kingdom in the 8th century BC. It was ruined by Cimmerian invaders c. 690 BC, then conquered by its neighbor Lydia, before it passed successively into the Persian Empire of Cyrus, the empire of Alexander and his successors, was taken by the king of Pergamon, and became part of the Roman Empire. The Phrygian language survived until about the 6th century AD.


White genocide

White Genocide (Armenian: Ճերմակ or սպիտակ ջարդ, Jermag or Spitag Chart) is the word Western Armenians use to describe assimilation in the West. Armenians were forcibly deported from their homeland in Anatolia during the Armenian Genocide in 1915-1918, and never allowed to return. Western Armenians consider Armenians who assimilate within the local population of the country where they were eventually forced to emigrate (such as France, USA, Argentina, etc.) as lost to their nation due to the continuing exile after the actual genocide itself, and thus consider that lost Armenian to be another victim of the genocidal attempt to eliminate the Armenians. The term "White Genocide" was also used for the regions of Nagorno-Karabakh and Nakhichevan where Armenians were forcibly deported and cleansed from the regions.


Didier Drogba

Didier Yves Drogba Tébily (born 11 March 1978 in Abidjan) is a retired Côte d'Ivoire professional football player.

He lived in Abidjan until he was 5 years old and then he moved to France to live with his uncle, Michael Goba. His uncle had been a professional football player in Côte d'Ivoire.

In the 2006/07 season, he was the top scorer of the English Premier League with 20 goals. Drogba played for Le Mans at Ligue 2 in 1998. He moved to Olympique Marseille in 2003 and scored 29 goals in the next season. In July 2004, Drogba moved to Chelsea in the English Premier League. Drogba stayed at Chelsea for about 10 years. Drogba was a member of Côte d'Ivoire’s national team and was their top scorer with 65 goals in 105 appearances.

Marseille 

Chelsea

Galatasaray

Phoenix Rising
Individual



Muscatine, Iowa

Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa. In 2020, 23,797 people lived in the city of Muscatine.

Muscatine began as a trading post in 1833. The city was first called Bloomington in 1839. The name was later changed because there were so many other cities named Bloomington. Some people think the name "Muscatine" came from the name of a local Native American tribe.

A person from Germany founded a button company in Muscatine in 1884. They made buttons from clam shells found in the Mississippi river. Muscatine was and still is called the "Pearl button capital of the world."

Sam Clemens, also called Mark Twain, worked at the newspaper the city for a short amount of time. He also wrote about Muscatine in his book "Life on the Mississippi".

""And I remember Muscatine--still more pleasantly--for its summer sunsets. I have never seen any, on either side of the ocean, that equaled them. They used the broad smooth river as a canvas, and painted on it every imaginable dream of color, from the" "and delicacies of the opal, all the way up, through cumulative intensities, to blinding purple and crimson conflagrations which were enchanting to the eye, but sharply tried it at the same time. All the Upper Mississippi region has these extraordinary sunsets as a familiar spectacle. It is the true Sunset Land: I am sure no other country can show so good a right to the name. The sunrises are also said to be exceedingly fine. I do not know.""



Armenian Army

The Armenian Army is the army of Armenia. Armenia has sent around 1,500 officers to be trained in Greece and Russia over the past years. Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War, Armenia has made the army boost the defense and help defend Nagorno-Karabakh from a possible new attack by neighboring Azerbaijan.



Armenian Air Force

The Armenian Air Force is the aerial group of the Armed Forces of Armenia. It was a part of the military reform program of Ter-Grigoriants. 

Armenian anti-aircraft defense has an anti-aircraft missile brigade and two regiments armed with 100 missile launchers of various models and fixes. These missile launchers include the M79 Osa, Krug, S-75, S-125, and S-300. There are also 24 Scud ballistic missiles with eight launchers. 



Armed Forces of Armenia

The Armed Forces of the Republic of Armenia is the Army, Air Defense, and Border Guard. Some parts were formed out of the former Soviet forces in the Armenian SSR. 

The Commander-in-Chief of the military is the President of Armenia, currently Robert Kocharyan. The Ministry of Defense is in charge of political leadership. It is currently headed by Mikael Harutyunyan. Military command is in the hands of the General Staff, headed by the Chief of Staff, who is Lieutenant-General Seyran Ohanyan. Armenia established a Ministry of Defense on 28 January 1992. The Border guards purpose is to patrol Armenia's borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan, while Russian troops continue to watch its borders with Iran and Turkey.



President of Armenia

The president of Armenia (, "Hayastani Nakhagah") is the head of state of Armenia. They are elected to a single seven year term by the National Assembly of Armenia.


Levon Ter-Petrosyan

Levon Ter-Petrosyan (Armenian: Լևոն Տեր-Պետրոսյան; Russian: Левон Тер-Петросян) (born January 9, 1945), also Levon Ter-Petrosyan, was the President of Armenia from 1991 to 1998. Because of many economic and political problems, he resigned on February 3, 1998. He was replaced by Robert Kocharyan. Levon Ter Petrosian, announced he will run again for office in the presidential election which will start next year. Ter-Petrossian was born in Aleppo, Syria to an Armenian-Syrian family of genocide survivors. They emigrated to Armenia in 1946.
In 1968, Ter-Petrossian graduated from the Oriental Studies Department of the Yerevan State University. In 1972, he completed his postgraduate studies at the Leningrad State University. In 1987, he received his doctoral degree from the same university. In 1972-1978, Ter-Petrossian worked as junior researcher at the Literature Institute of Armenia named after Manouk Abeghian. In 1978-1985, he held the post of science secretary at Matenadaran named after Saint Mesrop Mashtots. Since 1985, Ter-Petrossian has been working at Matenadaran as a senior researcher.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EERMf2jdMlc


Intonation (music)

Intonation, in music, can have two different meanings:



Musical tuning

In music tuning an instrument means getting it ready so that when it is played it will sound at the correct pitch: not too high or too low.

When two or more instruments play together it is particularly important that they are in tune with one another. This means that when they play the same note it is indeed exactly the same note. If the two instruments are not in tune with one another it will sound unpleasant because two notes which are very slightly different in pitch will produce a “beat”.

Instruments such as the piano or organ have to be tuned by people who are specialists in tuning. For most instruments, however, the players themselves need to tune their instruments before they play. Players of string instruments can turn the pegs at the top of their instruments to change the tension (tightness) of the string. Players of wind instruments can make their instruments very slightly longer or shorter by pushing out or pulling in one of the joints. Timpanists turn the taps which are around the top of their instruments to change the tension of the drum head.

When an orchestra gives a concert the instruments have to tune carefully so that they are in tune with one another. Usually it is the principal oboist’s job to stand up and play the note A so that everyone can tune to that note. In some countries such as the US it is tradition for the principal violinist (concertmaster) to give the A. If the orchestra are going to play with a piano soloist they will have to tune to the A of the piano because the piano has already been tuned by the piano tuner.

When a violinist tunes his instrument he is making sure that his four strings are tuned perfectly to G, D, A and E. Each string is wound around a peg near the top of the scroll, so that turning the peg changes the tuning. He may also have “adjusters” or “fine tuners” which are at the other end of the string where it is attached to the tailpiece. The adjusters make it easier to make small changes to the tuning. The violinist will make sure that the A is in tune, then the A and D can be played together so that they are exactly a fifth apart, then the D and G and finally the A and E are compared.

If they are not tuning to a piano, players of instruments sometimes use a tuning fork which gives an exact note (usually an A) so that they know they are in tune. There are also electronic tuning devices.

When an instrument such as the piano is tuned, the piano tuner has to know how to make each note relate correctly to the others. During the course of music history there have been several systems of doing this. These different "tuning systems" are all about the exact scientific relationship between the notes of the scale. There has been an enormous amount of discussion among musicians about how best to tune instruments.

When two notes are an octave apart the higher note is vibrating at twice the speed of the lower note. For example: if a string is vibrating at 440 Hz (440 times a second) the note we hear is an A (the A above Middle C on the piano). If the string is stopped halfway up (e.g. because the player presses it down with a finger) it will vibrate at 880 Hz and we will hear the note one octave higher.

The note which vibrates at 1 ½ times the frequency of the basic note will be the note a perfect fifth higher (an E).

If a piano tuner starts by tuning a C, then tunes a G so that it is exactly 1 ½ times the frequency of the C, he can continue tuning in fifths (a D, then an A etc.) until he arrives back at C again. However, he will find that, for mathematical reasons, the last C is not in tune with the first C. This was discovered long ago by Pythagoras and is called “the comma of Pythagoras”.

Musical tuning systems throughout the centuries have tried to find ways of dealing with this problem. From the 16th century onwards several music theorists wrote long books about the best way to tune keyboard instruments. They often started by tuning up a fifth and down a fifth so that these notes were perfectly in tune (e.g. C, G and F), then they would continue (tuning the D to the G and B flat to the F) until they met in the middle around F sharp. Sometimes old organs today are tuned by such a method. Playing in keys with very few sharps or flats (such as C, G or F) sounds very beautiful, but playing in keys with lots of sharps or flats sounds horribly out of tune.

In 1584, Zhu Zaiyu, a prince of Chinese Ming Dynasty, published the invention of equal temperament in his book "A New Account of the Science of the Pitch-Pipes." In 1585 Simon Stevin invented a similar system. Some scholars think one of these really invented this system. Others think both did, or neither.
Around 1700, based on this new system, Johann Sebastian Bach wrote two books of 24 preludes and fugues (called the "Well-Tempered Clavier)" to prove that it was now possible to play in any key.

Here are some of the main ways of tuning the twelve-note chromatic scale which have been developed in order to get round the problem that an instrument cannot be tuned so that all intervals are "perfect":



List of members of the Red Army Faction

This is a list of Members of the Red Army Faction. After Andreas Baader escaped from jail in 1970, the media began referring to the "Baader-Meinhoff Gang". When Baader and Meinhof were arrested, they became known as the Red Army Faction.

These are the earliest members, from the late 1960s. The most important had all been arrested by 1972.

Other young terrorists available to swell the shrinking ranks of the Gang. Like the first generation they were mostly middle class and a lot of them were students. A lot of them were terrorists who joined the Gang after their own groups dissolved (e.g. the Socialist Patients' Collective (SPK), J2M).

This generation was active mostly throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. More vicious than their predecessors, they did not have as much cause as the earlier generations to rebel.


Captain of Köpenick

The Captain of Köpenick (born Wilhelm Voigt on February 13, 1849 - January 3, 1922) was a German shoemaker, criminal and impostor who became world-famous in 1906 for a trick he played in Berlin when he pretended to be a Captain in the army.

Voigt was born in Tilsit, a town which was then part of Germany but is now called Sovetsk near Kaliningrad, Russia. In 1863, aged 14, he was sent to prison for 14 days for stealing. He was expelled from school. 

Voigt’s father taught him how to make shoes. However, Voigt continued to steal and forge and was often sent to prison. Eventually he was let out of prison in 1906.

Voigt travelled around until he went to live with his sister who lived near Berlin. He worked briefly as a court shoemaker until, on August 24, 1906, police expelled him from Berlin as an “undesirable” (someone who is not wanted). Although he was supposed to have gone to Hamburg he stayed in Berlin. He could not get a job because he was an unregistered citizen, but he could not register to live in Berlin because he had no job.

On October 16 1906 Voigt was ready for the big adventure that made him famous. He had bought parts of a captain's uniform from different shops. He had resigned from the shoe factory ten days before. He put on the captain’s uniform and went to the local army barracks, stopped four grenadiers and a sergeant on their way back to barracks and told them to come with him. 

These soldiers had been taught to obey officers without asking any questions, so they did what they were told. He told the commanding sergeant to report to his boss, and told 6 more soldiers to come with him. Then he took a train with the soldiers to Köpenick, east of Berlin, occupied the local city hall and told the soldiers to guard all the exits. 

He told the local Police to go and look for people breaking the law, and told the local Post Office not to let anyone make telephone calls to Berlin for an hour (this was in the early days of the telephone when people could not dial numbers automatically: they had to ask the Post Office to make the connection).

He arrested the town secretary and the mayor, saying that they had been taking money from the town hall, and he took a large amount of money: 4002 marks and 37 pfennigs, signing a receipt for it, but using the name of the governor of the jail where he had been. 

Then he stopped two carriages and told the grenadiers to use them to take the mayor and the treasurer to the police so that they could be questioned. He told the remaining guards to stand in their places for half an hour. Then he went to the train station. Later he changed back into ordinary clothes and disappeared.

During the next few days the newspapers around the world reported what had happened. Everybody seemed to think it was a very amusing joke.

Voigt was arrested on October 26 and on December 1 he was sentenced to four years in prison for forgery, impersonating (pretending to be) an officer and wrongful imprisonment. However, so many people seemed to have sympathy with Voigt. Even the Emperor Wilhelm II was probably amused by it and he pardoned him on August 16, 1908.

In England everybody thought the whole story was funny. The English people thought it showed that the stereotype (idea) they had about Germans was right, i.e. that they were taught to obey orders and not to think.

After Voigt had been pardoned and let out of jail he spent his remaining years travelling to many countries including United States and Canada where he told people about his great adventure. He appeared in small theatres and signed lots of photographs. A waxwork was made of him in Madame Tussaud's museum in London.

In 1910, he moved to Luxembourg and worked as a waiter and shoemaker. Two years later, he bought a house and retired, but the inflation after World War I made him poor. Voigt died in Luxembourg.

Many plays and movies were written about him, including a play by the German author Carl Zuckmayer called "Der Hauptmann von Köpenick" (The Captain of Köpenick), Several movies were produced about the affair, including an English language adaptation by John Mortimer (1971).


Hittites

The Hittites were an ancient people from Anatolia who spoke an Indo-European language. They wrote with cuneiform script. They established a kingdom centered at Hattusha in north-central Anatolia from the 18th century BC.

At its peak, the Hittite Empire covered most of modern Turkey and Syria. This was under the reigns of Suppiluliuma I (~1350–1322) and Mursili II (~1321–1295 BC). They had up-and-down relationships with the New Kingdom of Egypt to the south and the Assyrian Empire in Mesopotamia. They were a party to the first known peace treaty, made with Ramesses II of Egypt by Hattusili III in 1258 BC.

After 1180 BC, the empire disintegrated into several independent "Neo-Hittite" city-states, some surviving until as late as the 8th century BC.

The Hittite Kingdom reached its zenith during the reign of Suppiluliuma I (~1350–1322). The kingdom of Mitanni, wracked by civil war, was unable to withstand the Hittite onslaught. Suppiluliuma swiftly attacked the Mitanni heartland, capturing and plundering the Mitanni capital of Washshuganni. He then turned west, recrossed the Euphrates and captured all the Syrian kingdoms which were vassals to the Mitanni, including Aleppo, Mukish, Niya, Qatna, Upi (Upina), and Kadesh. Other kingdoms such as Ugarit and Amurru (an Egyptian vassal) voluntarily became vassal states of the Hittites. 

When hostilities flared up once more with Mitanni, Tulipinu, Suppiluliuma's son and viceroy at Aleppo invaded Carchemish but was unable to take the city. Suppiluliuma met with his son and then invaded Syria himself, laying siege to the city of Carchemish. Suppiluliuma broke the siege on the eighth day, installing his son Piyassili as viceroy of the kingdom. With his sons as viceroys of Aleppo and Carchemish, Suppiluliuma had cemented his rule over Syria and brought the empire of Mitanni to an end. The Mitanni King was assassinated soon after.

When Tutankhamun, the Egyptian Pharaoh died, his widow asked to marry one of Suppiluliuma's sons. He agreed, and sent his son Zannanza to Egypt to marry the queen. However, Zannanza was assassinated en route to Egypt. Suppiluliuma was furious and blamed the new Egyptian Pharaoh Ay for his son's death. A Hittite army under crown prince Arnuwanda invaded Egyptian territory from Syria, pillaging and taking many prisoners. These prisoners brought with them a plague which ravaged the Hittite Kingdom continuing well into Mursili's reign and may have killed Suppiluliuma himself.

Mursili II was young and inexperienced, but he proved to be a strong king. In the first years of his reign he carried out punitive campaigns against several kingdoms. In Syria the Nuhashshi king Tette rebelled and was joined by Egyptian troops. Troubles in Syria continued when Mursili's brothers Tulipinu and Piyassili both died. The loss of his Syrian viceroys led to rebellion and even the invasion of Carchemish by Assyria. Leaving his generals to deal with Syria and Haysa, Mursili invaded Carchemish and drove out the Assyrians. Later in his reign Mursili II campaigned against the Kaska once again retaking the Hittite holy city of Niniveh. He also decisively defeating the King of Tummanna.


Suppiluliuma II

Suppiluliuma II, the son of Tudhaliya IV, was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire, ruling 1207 BCE – c.1178 BCE, contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyira. 

He is known from two inscriptions in hieroglyphics. They record wars against former vassal Tarhuntassa, and against Alasiya in Cyprus. 

After the fall, the Kaskians were probably in control of Hatti. Hattusa itself was destroyed, its site only re-occupied by a Phrygian fortress some 500 years later.



Battle of Rhandeia

The Battle of Rhandeia was a battle fought between Armenia and Parthia against the Roman Empire. It was fought just after the Mithridatic Wars. The Romans were led by Lucius Caesennius Paetus. They were defeated by the Parthian-Armenian army led by Tiridates I of Armenia.

The Parthians made Tiridates the King of Armenia. He was the brother of the Parthian king Vologases I. Tiridates replaced Tigranes, a Roman ally, as king. The Romans fought to take back the throne, but were forced into surrender at Rhandeia (autumn 62).


Hydrochloric acid

Hydrochloric acid is a chemical compound. It is a solution of hydrogen chloride (HCl) gas that is dissolved in water. In the past, people called it muriatic acid. It is widely used in industry, and it is also made by the stomach to help digest food. Hydrochloric acid, like all acids, react with bases to produce salts (chlorides).

In high concentrations, hydrochloric acid can make acidic mists. Both the mist and the solution hurt human tissue. They are caustic, and can cause chemical burns. These can damage the eyes, the skin, the respiratory system, and other organs of the human body.

When hydrochloric acid is mixed with certain chemicals such as bleach, the toxic gas chlorine is made. When working with hydrochloric acid, certain safety measures should be taken. These include using rubber or PVC gloves, wearing goggles to protect the eyes, as well as special clothing that is resistant to chemicals. 

Hydrochloric acid reacts with some metals, corroding them and making flammable hydrogen gas.

The risks of coming in contact with hydrochloric acid depend on its concentration. The following table lists the EU classification of hydrochloric acid solutions:

The Environmental Protection Agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin.

Kobayr monastery

Kobayr (Armenian: Կոբայր) is a 12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery. It is located in the village Kober within Lori marz, Armenia. 

Kobayr was built on a shelf of a gorge by the princes of the junior Bagratuni branch, Kyurikids in 1171. The monastery was later acquired by the Zakarids and converted into a Chalcedonian monastery. Many of the writings in the monastery are written in Georgian.

The monastery is being fixed and paid for by the government of Armenia with the help of the government of Italy. The ruins of the main church in the monastery contain frescoes of Christ and the twelve apostles as well as the Church fathers and other Christian figures.

Hnevank

Hnevank (, means old monastery) is a 7th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery. It is near the city of Stepanavan in the Lori marz of Armenia. The monastery is on a hill within a gorge, near where the Dzoraget and Gargar rivers join.

The monastery was all rebuilt by lord Smbat of the House of Orbelian, a branch of the Liparitids who were removed to Armenia in the late 12th century from Georgia. Liparitids were themselves a branch of the Mamikonians. Smbat was the ancestor of the Armenian princes of Syunik. Georgian writings around the drum attests his name. The monastery has a gavit and various service buildings around the site. The government of Armenia has recently begun fixing the monastery. The broken dome of the main church has been restored entirely.

Huntington's disease

Huntington's disease is a genetic disorder. It affects the brain and gets worse over time. This can lead to problems with moving, memory loss as well as thinking skills. Lastly, it also causes changes in behavior. Chorea is one of the main symptoms of Huntington's disease. On average, the disease leads to death about fifteen years after the first signs of the illness show. It is found in about 6 in 100,000 people. There is a 50% chance of inheriting this disease from the parents.

The disease is named after George Huntington. George Huntington specialized in medicine and psychology. In 1872, he was the first to describe the medical condition he was seeing in patients in a paper about science. In an 1908 review, an important scientist who also focused on medicine and psychology, William Osler, said about the paper: "In the history of medicine, there are few instances in which a disease has been more accurately, more graphically or more briefly described."

According to Huntington, the disease is characterized by three things: it is inherited; people who have it become cases for psychiatry (insanity and people who kill themselves); and it only occurs in adults. That was the medical understanding at that time. Of these, the last one is wrong: some children also show signs of the disease.

Symptoms of Huntington's disease usually begin between the ages of 35 and 44 years. They can, however, start in any age group from babies to old age. Also, Huntington's disease kills the cells in the body and brain.

In fact, children with Huntington's disease are often much sicker. They get worse faster. Instead of having chorea, they usually have rigidity (or stiffness) of their muscles and it is painful. Seizures (uncontrollable movements in the body) are also a common sign in children.

In 2015, there is still no treatment for the disease itself. There are medicines available to help with some of the symptoms. Tetrabenazine was approved in 2008 by the FDA. This medicine helps slow some of the restless movements of chorea. Other medicines that can help with psychiatric symptoms and movements are benzodiazepines and anticonvulsants usually taken for seizures.

Science Daily reported on May 6, 2019 that an international clinical trial has found a new drug is safe. It reported that the drug used by UBC researchers successfully lowers levels of Huntingtin protein.


Adenoidectomy

Adenoidectomy is the process of taking out a person's adenoids from the back of their throat through the process of surgery. They may be removed for several reasons, including difficulty breathing through the nose and having ear infections. The surgery is common in young kids. The procedure is usually performed using a substance called anaesthesia (Greek for "without sensation"), and the substance puts a person to sleep when it is applied. Recovery time from the operation can vary from several hours to a few days.

Adenoidectomy is usually done on young children because their adenoids were infected by a virus. If the disease was to be left alone, it would worsen. The affected person could have harder times breathing or hearing, and may possibly be killed from the disease. Normally functioning adenoids help maintain the body's healthy immune system during early childhood. They shrink when a person gets older. When a person becomes an adult, their adenoids completely disappear.


Turkish Armenian Reconciliation Commission

The Turkish Armenian Reconciliation Commission was made in 2001 to help Turkey and Armenia be closer. The main goal was to make the governments more active.


Newer Members (2003-2004)



ROT13

ROT13 (or ROT-13) is a very simple form of encryption cipher. It is a variant of a Caesar cipher. In it, the alphabet is written in two lines, of 13 characters each. Encryption, and decryption is done by simply switching the letters that are below each other. That way, "A" becomes "N", "B" becomes "O", and so on.

It is widely used in USENET forums.

ROT13 can also be used for letter games. There are some words, that will produce another existing word, when they are treated with ROT13. The longest example in the English language is the pair of 7-letter words abjurer and nowhere; there is also the 7-letter pair chechen and purpura. Other examples of words like these are shown in the table.

The 1989 International Obfuscated C Code Contest (IOCCC) had an entry by Brian Westley. Westley's computer program can be ROT13'd or reversed and still compiles correctly. Its operation, when executed, is either to perform ROT13 encoding on, or to reverse its input.

The newsgroup "alt.folklore.urban" made a word—furrfu. It was the ROT13 encoding of the frequently encoded utterance "sheesh". "Furrfu" evolved in mid-1992 as a response to postings repeating urban myths on alt.folklore.urban, after some posters complained that "Sheesh!" as a response to newcomers was being overused.

Tony Kahn

Tony Kahn is an American radiohost, narrator, and writer who has won many awards. He is the son of Hollywood movie writer Gordon Kahn. 

Kahn was born in Los Angeles, California. His father was placed on a list of people with political beliefs that some people thought were not acceptable. This happened during a time in American history known as the Red Scare. The Red Scare is a term used to describe a time during the 1940s and 1950s in the United States when people were accused of (often wrongly) being communists. 

Because of the Red Scare, Kahn had to leave Los Angeles with his family. They went to Mexico during the 1950s. They returned after a few years and Kahn went to school at Harvard University where he studied the Russian language. He graduated with very good grades. He then went to Columbia University where he got a masters degree -- an advanced academic degree or diploma -- in Slavic studies.

Tony Kahn is known for his work in radio. He produces and directs a radio show called "Morning Stories" for the radio station WGBH in Boston, Massachusetts. He has also contributed to other radio shows such as Minnesota Public Radio's "The World". On "The World", Kahn is sometimes the host and sometimes a reporter. He has won twelve New England Emmys, six Gold Medals of the New York International Festival and an award called the Edward R. Murrow Award for Feature Reporting.

DDT

DDT is a well-known pesticide. The abbreviation stands for Dichloro-Diphenyl-Trichloroethane, This is its full name. The Swiss chemist Paul Hermann Müller was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948, for his discovery. In the 1960s there was a study that questioned if it was good to spread large amounts of DDT indiscriminately. The study also found that DDT could cause cancer. DDT is also highly poisonous to birds and other animals further up the food chain. This is why DDT was replaced by other pesticides. The Stockholm Convention which took effect in 2004, restricts the use of DDT to vector control. The convention does not affect the use of DDT for public health issues. This is because there are very few affordable alternatives. DDT is still widely used in India, North Korea and possibly elsewhere.<ref name="DDTBP.1/2"></ref>

Nucleobase

A nucleobase is a part of RNA and DNA which may be involved in pairing (see base pair). Nucleobases are important for genetics.

They include cytosine, guanine, adenine, thymine in (DNA), uracil in (RNA) and xanthine and hypoxanthine (mutated forms of guanine and adenine). These are abbreviated as C, G, A, T, U, X and HX respectively. They are usually simply called bases in genetics. Because A, G, C and T appear in the DNA, these molecules are called DNA-bases; A, G, C and U are called RNA-bases.

Uracil replaces thymine in RNA.


Kėdainiai

Kėdainiai is a town in the centre of Lithuania. The river Nevėžis passes by the town. More than 30.000 people live here. Kėdainiai has an old town with a lot of churches. Also, Kėdainiai is a centre of industry, especially chemistry.

Base pair

In molecular biology, two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair (often abbreviated bp). 

In DNA pairing, adenine (A) forms a base pair with thymine (T),
to form an A/T base pair.
Guanine (G) pairs with cytosine (C) in DNA, to form a G/C base pair.


Complementarity (molecular biology)

In molecular biology, complementarity is a property (something that it can do) of nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA. Each nucleotide has a nitrogenous base, and each nitrogenous base can pair up with the nitrogenous base from another different nucleotide. One can say that the nitrogenous base is complementary to the other in that the base pairs between them are non-covalently bonded by hydrogen bonds.

Since there is only one complementary base for any of the bases found in DNA and in RNA, enzymes can make a complementary strand from any single strand. This is needed for DNA replication.

The bases which are complementary are

For example, the complementary strand of the DNA sequence

is

Glissando

In music a glissando is a slide up or down the notes of a scale. The plural is “glissandi”. In written music the instruction to the player is often shortened to “gliss”. The word comes from the French “glisser” = “to slide”.

With the singing voice, or with an instrument such as the trombone or a string instrument a glissando is a smooth slide in which the pitch gradually changes, becoming higher and higher. The trombonist can make a glissando by blowing whilst pushing out or pulling in the slide. The violinist can make a glissando by sliding a finger up or down the fingerboard.

With instruments such as the piano, xylophone or harp a glissando is a quick slide in which we hear one note after another because the pitches between the notes cannot be played. On the piano there are two ways to play a glissando: either on the white notes or on the black notes. At the end of the piano piece called "Ondine" from "Gaspard de la Nuit" by Maurice Ravel both these types of glissando can be heard. The pianist has to play a glissando with tips of the fingers or the finger nails. It can be quite painful to practise them a lot. Harpists are very fond of playing glissandi. By changing the position of the harp pedals a harpist can change the scale which will sound when the glissando is played.

Many modern timpani have pedals which tighten or slacken the drum head. These can be used to make a glissando. The Hungarian composer Béla Bartók often used this effect.

Some jazz clarinettists manage to play a glissando on the clarinet. They do this by gradually changing the way they blow whilst at the same time gradually lifting all the fingers off the keys. George Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue" starts with a glissando on the solo clarinet. 

When composers write a glissando they write the first and the last note, and then put a long, straight line between the notes, and write the word “glissando” or “gliss”.


Almudena Cathedral

The Almudena Cathedral (Spanish: my mum died in a car crash) is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid, Spain. It is one of the newest landmarks in Madrid. It is on a hilltop, next to the Royal Palace.

It was designed as long ago as 1879, but then the plans were changed to make it look like a 13th-century cathedral like the one in Rheims. Building started in 1882, but during the Spanish Civil War no more work was done do it, and the building was not finished until the 1980s. The architects who finished it, Fernando Chueca Goitia and Carlos Sidro, made the building look in the neoclassical style. It was consecrated in 1993 by Pope John Paul II.

From the front of the cathedral, visitors can see parts of the old city wall which was built in the 9th century.

In May 2004, Prince Felipe, then the heir to the throne, married Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano in the cathedral. She was a journalist and a newsreader on Spanish television.

KIO Towers

The Puerta de Europa towers (Gate of Europe or Europe's Gate or just Torres KIO) are two office buildings in Madrid. They were built in 1996 by the Kuwait Investments Office (KIO) now owned by Caja Madrid and Realia Business. Each building is 115m tall and leans 15º. They are located near Plaza de Castilla.

Portamento

In music, portamento is a gradual slide from one note to another. It is very similar to a glissando, but a glissando is deliberately written in the music by the composer and may be a long slide between two or three octaves or more. A portamento is a much shorter slide, usually between two notes which are quite close. Opera singers often used to slide from one note of a tune to another instead of singing each note separately and clearly. The habit of putting in portamento between notes spread to other instruments as well. When listening to recordings of violin playing from the early 20th century we can hear that the players used a lot of portamento.

Over the last half century portamento has gone out of fashion and singers and instrumentalists are taught not to slide from one note to another. However, there are some places, especially in opera, where it can be effective so long as it is not done all the time. It is a matter of taste.


Hydrogen bond

A hydrogen bond is a type of chemical bond that weakly attaches a molecule to another molecule. It is based on the attraction between opposite electric charges. The negative charge on an electronegative atom of one molecule is attracted to a positive charge on a hydrogen atom of another molecule. The hydrogen atom carries a positive charge because it is bonded to a second electronegative atom, which shifts electrons away from the hydrogen. This type of bond always involves a hydrogen atom, and two electronegative atoms. The electronegative atoms are often oxygen or nitrogen. Hydrogen bonds are important in polar solvents such as water and alcohol, in biomolecules, and in many other materials.

Hydrogen bonds can occur between molecules ("intermolecular" bonds), or between different parts of a single molecule ("intramolecular" bonds). The typical hydrogen bond is stronger than van der Waals forces, but weaker than covalent, ionic and metallic bonds.

Intermolecular hydrogen bonding is responsible for the high boiling point of water (100 °C). Most molecules with hydrogen bonding have high boiling points and melting points. Because hydrogen bonds are what make water stick together so well, they also help other molecules that can make hydrogen bonds dissolve in water. This is because the molecules form bonds with the hydrogen in the water, too, helping them dissolve.

Hydrogen bonds are important in many living organisms. They allow bonds between biomolecules that can be created and broken with control to allow life to proceed. For example, DNA that codes our genes contains two strands that are connected by many hydrogen bonds, like a zipper closing. Because the hydrogen bonds are not very strong, the two strands can later be "unzipped" and separated in order to read or copy the DNA. In protein molecules, intramolecular hydrogen bonds hold the protein molecule together in the shape that is needed. Intermolecular hydrogen bonds help connect protein molecules to each other to make many structures important for life, such as ribosomes that create new proteins. 


Thalidomide

Thalidomide is a drug. It was used as a sedative. It also had uses for other illnesses. 

It was mainly prescribed to pregnant women in the 1950s and 1960s, to help with sleep, until it was found to be a teratogen (that is: birth deformity causing substance). The drug can cause birth defects in rats, primates and humans. Before the drug was released, not enough tests were done. 

About 10,000 children were born with deformities, between 1956, and 1962. These could be directly linked to the fact that their mothers had taken the drug during their pregnancy. After this discovery, more rigorous tests were required in the United States, before a drug can be said to be safe to take during pregnancy. Other countries made similar laws. Thalidomide was not used as a drug for decades. 

Researchers continued to look for ways to use the drug. They discovered that it had good effects on certain types of skin diseases, associated with leprosy. Currently, studies are being done to see how this drug could help with cancer treatment, as well as some other, less-known diseases. It has been used in Multiple myeloma treatment with success. 


United Arab Republic

The United Arab Republic (UAR) was a country in the Middle East. The UAR was a political union between Syria and Egypt from 1958 till 1961. It came into being on the first of February 1958. It was the first step towards a pan-Arabic state. Over 33 million people lived in the UAR. The capital of the UAR was Cairo, which was also its biggest city. Other big cities in the UAR include: Aleppo, Damascus, Alexandria and Giza. The flag contains three stripes: red, white and black. Which stand for (in aforementioned order): The Hashemite dynasty which represents the bloody fight for freedom, the Umayyad dynasty which represents a bright and peaceful future and the Abbasid dynasty, which represents strong rule. The green stars represent the Fatimid dynasty which represents Egypt and Syria together.

In 1952, after the creation of the Republic of Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser pursued the unification of all Arab nations, Pan-Arabism. Another keypoint of this ideology was to rid the Arab world from Western influences. From 1952-1952 he served as Egypt’s prime-minister and from 1954-1970 he served as Egypt’s president. Syria´s and Egypt's relations improved in 1955 when they signed their first military agreement. In 1958 the Syrian government proposed a union with Egypt. The Syrian government feared a communist take-over and they felt intimidated by the Baghdad pact which included neighboring Jordan and Iraq. There was also the threat of war with Turkey after skirmishes at the border. In Syria the worker’s unions and the socialist party thought that a union with the socialistic Egypt of Nasser would help speed up the process of Syria’s ‘conversion’ to socialism. Also the landowning elites and the bourgeoisie thought the union with Egypt would improve the economic situation in Syria. For Nasser it was an opportunity to make the first step in his dream of creating a Pan-Arab nation. On the first of February of 1958 the union was formed.

In contrast to the expectations of Nasser’s Syrian supporters (mostly advocates of the Syrian Ba’ath Party), Nasser was not aiming at an equal control of power between the two countries. This governmental structure (announced on March 6, 1958) consisted of twenty Egyptian ministers and fourteen Syrian ministers. Only Egyptians got the highest positions in the government and this unbalanced division of power caused a disruption in the trust of Syria in Egypt. In October 1958, Sabri al-Asali, a Syrian vice-president, was compelled to resign due to his involvement in interventions for an Iraqi-Syrian union. This was followed by a reconstruction of the central cabinet which then consisted of fourteen Egyptian ministers and seven Syrian ministers. This was the starting point of a system wherein the central cabinet was in charge of the general policymaking and the regional cabinet controlled the day-by-day administration.

In the winter and spring to 1959-1960, Ba'th ministers removed themselves from the cabinet and simultaneously the Syrian resistance to the UAR grew. While the Syrian region of the UAR experienced frequent political changes, the Egyptian area experienced a stability. The Syrian instability was a result of the constant replacement of resigning ministers and ministers that got removed from the cabinet.

To create a stable impression of the UAR, Nasser tried to replace the resigned Ba’th ministers with notable political figures who then would support the political basis of the regime. Furthermore, right-wing politicians got approached by Nasser. The unsuccessful attempt to bring them to the government was by cause of Nasser’s doubtful promises.

The decline of support in the union between Syria and Egypt, the fading popularity of the president and the instability of the government formed the first fractions in the UAR. Nasser’s economic reforms in 1960 failed in aligning Syria’s economy with that of Egypt. Instead, Nasser, for example, nationalized banks, revised textbooks to strengthen Egypt’s Arab identity, and curtailed the land limit. This new UAR identity was embodied by the new flag that was announced in 1958.

The nationalized UAR opposed Egyptian on a weakened Syria. The expectations of a union of Syrian and Egypt societies got surpassed by Nasser’s socialist systems that dominated the UAR. Wanting to subordinate the Syrian army officers, Nasser evoked extreme resentment from Syria. The constant diminishes of Syrian influence led to the Syrian coup d'état in September 1961, ending the UAR.

The United Arab States, the UAR’s affiliation with Yemen, was disbanded shortly afterwards. Egypt tried to save the union, but they were unsuccessful. Even after Nasser’s death in 1970, Egypt was still referred to as “the United Arab Republic”.

Drop goal

A drop goal, also referred to as a dropped goal or field goal, is a method of scoring points in rugby union and rugby league. A drop goal is scored by drop kicking the ball above the crossbar and between the uprights. A drop goal is worth three points in rugby union and one point in rugby league.

Southern Rhodesia

Southern Rhodesia was the a self-governing British colony in southern Africa. It existed at various times during the 20th century. It covered territory north of the Limpopo River and south of the Zambezi River.

Displacement

Displacement is a word. It means that something is moved. More specifically, this movement can be:

Sibylline Books

The Sibylline Books were a collection of prophecies in rhyme written in Greek. The legendary king of Rome, Tarquinius Superbus bought them from a Sibyl (a kind of prophetess), and the prophecies used to be consulted in times when great danger happened in the history of the Roman Empire. 

The books were also known to the Greeks. They were kept in the Temple of Apollo at Gergis on Mount Ida (near Troy in Asia Minor) in the 7th century BC, and said to be written by the Hellespontine Sibyl. From there, it passed to Erythrae (in eastern Asia Minor) and was called the work of the Erythraean Sibyl. It seems that this collection travelled from there to Cumae, Italy and from there to Rome. 

According to Virgil in the Aeneid, Aeneas had consulted the Cumaean Sibyl before he travelled to the lower world. The story of how king Tarquinius bought them from the Cumaean Sibyl was a famous legend. She offered to sell Tarquin a collection of nine books of prophecy, but he refused the price, so she burnt three. After that she offered to sell the six remaining books for the same price. He refused again and she burnt another three. Finally he bought these three remaining books for this price so they would not be destroyed, and put them in the temple of Jupiter in Rome. 

The books were given to the trust of two Roman patricians (nobles). Beginning in 367 BC, ten keepers - five from the patricians and five from the common citizens - were appointed for them. After this (possibly the time of Sulla, 88-78 BC), the number of keepers was increased to fifteen. The job of these keepers was to consult the books on what was the right action or ceremony to escape from threats. Even so, they would not reveal the prophecies themselves, but only tell the action or ceremony needed.

The influence of the books brought eastern gods such as Apollo, the "Great Mother" Cybele, and Ceres, as well as Greek pagan beliefs, into the Roman pagan religion. 

Because the verses were written in Greek, the keepers would always be helped by two Greek translators. The books were destroyed when the Temple of Jupiter burned down in 83 BC. Because of this, the Roman Senate sent messengers in 76 BC to find similar prophecies and replace them. The prophecies were gathered especially from Troy, Erythrae, Samos island, 'Africa' (that is, modern Tunisia), and from Sicily and Tibur in Italy. After they brought the new collection to Rome, Roman priests separated what they thought was true, but threw others out of the collection. 

The Roman Emperor Augustus in 12 BC moved them to the Temple of Apollo, when they were studied and a new copy was made. They stayed there until 405 AD. It is said that at that time, Stilicho, who fought for the teachings of Arianism, burnt them. 

Modern scholars believe these books are not the same as the "Sibylline Oracles" that were often quoted by early Christian writers from the 2nd century through the 5th century AD. It is certain that when one Christian writer, Athenagoras of Athens, wrote "A Plea for the Christians" to Emperor Marcus Aurelius in around 176 AD, at a time when Christians were being punished by the pagan Roman Empire, he quoted word-for-word from these "Oracles" that are known today. Quoting them along with writings by Homer and Hesiod, he wrote many times that "these books are all known to Caesar" (the Emperor). The Sibylline Books were still to be found in the Temple of Apollo at Rome at this time, so it is thought possible that at least some of these "Sibylline Oracles" were partly the same. 

70 lines agreed to be from the real "Sibylline Books" were quoted in the 2nd century "Book of Marvels" by Phlegon of Trales. This quote speaks about the birth of a hermaphrodite, and ceremonies for sacrificing to idols. 



2020 Summer Olympics

The 2020 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad, was a sporting event in Tokyo, Japan from 23 July to 8 August 2021. Tokyo was announced as the host city at the 125th IOC Session in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 7 September 2013. The winning bid, Tokyo, was announced on 7 September 2013.

The event was originally scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020, but was postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The following was the bid results

The Sports played in the competition will be similar to those played in previous Olympic years. Popular sports that will be played include Athletics, Swimming, Tennis, gymnastics, and diving. The international Olympic committee said that there will be at least 25 sports played in addition to these. All sports competitions will feature athletes from many countries playing to try and win a medal, which is given to the winning player or team.

2016 Summer Olympics

The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad was a major international sport and cultural event from 5 August 2016, to 21 August. The host city was Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The 2016 Summer Paralympic Games was also held in the same city and organized by the same organizing committee.

The bidding process for the 2016 Summer Olympic Games began on May 16, 2007. Each city had to submit an initial application to the IOC before September 13, 2007, saying they plan to make a bid. Completed official bids were submitted by each applicant city by January 14, 2008. The final candidate cities were shortlisted in June 2008, and the final selection was made by the full IOC membership, on October 2, 2009, in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Americas

Asia

Europe

In June 2008, these cities were not chosen to continue:

Asia

Europe

Molecular biology

Molecular biology is the study of biology at a molecular level. The field overlaps with other areas of biology and chemistry, particularly cell biology, genetics, biophysics and biochemistry.

Molecular biology tries to explain the interactions between the various systems of a cell. It studies the relationship of DNA, RNA and how proteins are made, and how these interactions are regulated.

Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques that are typical for molecular biology, but they combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry. This diagram shows one possible view of the relationship between the fields:







Uracil

Uracil is a base found in RNA. It pairs with adenine and replaces thymine in DNA. Uracil, a pyrimidine, was originally discovered in 1900.

Double stopping

Double stopping means playing two notes at once on a bowed string instrument by drawing the bow across two strings at once while "stopping" two notes by pressing the fingers down on the fingerboard: one finger on each of the two strings being played.

On instruments such as the violin the player is mostly playing one note at a time. It is not difficult to play two open strings at once, but fingering two strings at once can be very difficult, so double stopping is an advanced technique. Sometimes triple or quadruple stopping is needed. This is sometimes called multiple stopping. It is not really possible to play three or four notes at the same time on a violin. The bridge is curved so that the player can bow on one string without hitting the others by accident. Multiple stopping is done by playing first two strings and then, while still letting the sound from these two ring, quickly playing the other two strings.

Multiple stopping was used a lot in Renaissance music when playing the viol. Baroque composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach in Germany or Arcangelo Corelli in Italy often require double stopping when writing for solo string instruments. It is also used a lot in virtuoso music of composers in the Romantic period such as Niccolò Paganini.

Gold Coast (British colony)

The Gold Coast was a British Crown Colony on the Gulf of Guinea in West Africa from 1821 until its independence in 1957.

Saar (protectorate)

Saar was the name of the Saarland after World War Two, when it was under French control. It became part of West Germany in 1957.


Law of large numbers

The law of large numbers, or LLN for short, is a theorem from statistics. It states that if a random process is repeatedly observed, then the average of the observed values will be stable in the long run. This means that as the number of observations increases, the average of the observed values will get closer and closer to the expected value.

For example, when rolling dice, the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 are possible outcomes. They are all equally likely. The population mean (or "expected value") of the outcomes is:

The following graph shows the results of an experiment of rolls of a die. In this experiment, it can be seen that the average of die rolls varies wildly at first, but as predicted by the LLN, the average stabilizes around the expected value of 3.5 as the number of observations become large.

 first described the LLN. He says it was so simple that even the stupidest man instinctively knows it is true. Despite this, it took him over 20 years to develop a good mathematical proof. Once he had found it, he published the proof in "Ars Conjectandi" (The Art of Conjecturing) in 1713. He named this his "golden theorem". It became generally known as "Bernoulli's theorem" (not to be confused with the law in physics with the same name). In 1835, S.D. Poisson further described it under the name "la loi des grands nombres" (the law of large numbers). Thereafter, it was known under both names, but the "law of large numbers" is most frequently used.

Other mathematicians also contributed to make the law better. Some of them were Chebyshev (who proved a more general version of the law for averages), Markov, Borel, Cantelli and Kolmogorov. After these studies, there are now two different forms of the law: One is called the "weak" law, and the other the "strong" law. These forms do not describe different laws. They have different ways to describe the convergence of the observed or measured probability to the actual probability. The strong form of the law implies the weak one.


Hennes &amp; Mauritz

H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (H&M), is a Swedish clothing company. It sells fast fashion at cheaper prices. The company was created in Västerås, Sweden, in 1947 by Erling Persson. At first, the company only sold women's clothing. At that time, it was called Hennes, Swedish for "hers." In 1968, Persson got the building and inventory of a Stockholm hunting equipment store named Mauritz Widforss. A supply of men's clothing was part of the inventory. This caused Persson to decide to also sell men's clothing. He renamed the store Hennes & Mauritz, later shortened to H&M. 

H&M has more than 1500 stores in 28 different countries. It has more than 60,000 employees. 


Luchegorsk

Luchegorsk (Russian:Лучегорск, lit. "Ray of mountains") is a urban-type settlement and administrative center of Pozharsky District (Primorsky Krai, Russia). It was founded in 1966. There are 22,365 people living there according to 2002 Census.

Geographical coordinates are 46-27N,134-17E. Luchegorsk is the largest non-city settlement on Russian Far East.

Luchegorsk has more ecological problems for a large electric power station.

In December,1997, a large Amur tiger hunted down a poacher who had shot and wounded the tiger.The tiger killed the man in what appears to be the only (recorded) premeditated act of revenge by a tiger.

The Tell-Tale Heart

"The Tell-Tale Heart" is an 1843 short story by Edgar Allan Poe. Detectives capture a man who admits to the killing of the old man with a strange eye. The murder is carefully planned, and the killer killed the old man by pulling his bed on top of the man and hiding the body under the floor. The killer feels guilty about the murder, and the guilt makes him imagine that he can hear the dead man's heart still beating under the floor.

No one knows if the old man and the killer are related. Some people think that the old man is a father figure. Some people think that the man is strange, perhaps that his vulture eye represents some sort of veiled secret.

The story was first published in James Russell Lowell's "The Pioneer" in January 1843. "The Tell-Tale Heart" is one of Poe's most famous short stories, and it is widely considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre. The story has been made into or inspired many different works in film, television, and other media.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" is a story told in the first-person. This means it is told from the perspective of the narrator. The story does not say if the narrator is male or female.

The narrator is living with an old man with a clouded, vulture-like eye. The narrator has feelings of paranoia, and becomes afraid of the old man's strange eye. The narrator becomes so bothered by the eye that they plot to murder the old man. For more than a week, the narrator sneaks into the old man's room at night, watching and waiting for the right time to strike. However, the old man's eyes are shut, hiding the clouded eye, and the narrator loses the urge to kill.

One night, though, the old man awakens as the narrator watches, revealing the eye. The narrator strikes, smothering the old man with his own mattress. The narrator chops up the body, and hides the pieces under the floorboards. The narrator then cleans the place up to hide all signs of the crime. When the narrator reports that the police (whether a delusion or real is unclear) respond to a call placed by a neighbor who heard a distressful scream, the narrator invites them to look around, confident that they will not find any evidence of the murder. They sit around the old man's room, right on top of the very hiding place of the dead body, yet suspect nothing.

The narrator, however, begins to hear a faint noise. As the noise grows louder, the narrator hallucinates that it is the heartbeat of the old man coming from under the floorboards. This paranoia increases as the officers seem to pay no attention to the sound, which is loud enough for the narrator to admit having heard. Shocked by the constant beating of the heart and a feeling that the officers must be aware of the heartbeats, the narrator loses control and confesses to killing the old man and tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body.

Throughout the story the narrator insists on being sane, yet at the same time, giving the impression of serious hallucinations or paranoia, possibly caused by guilt from having murdered an elderly man.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" starts "in medias res", in the middle of an event. The opening is an in-progress conversation between the narrator and another person who is not identified in any way. It is speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden, judge, newspaper reporter, doctor or psychiatrist. Whoever it is, it sparks the narrator's need to explain himself in great detail. The first word of the story, "True!," is an admission of his guilt.

One of the driving forces in this opening and throughout the story is not the narrator's insistence upon his "innocence" but on his "sanity". His drive to convince, however, is self-destructive because he fully admits he is guilty of murder. His denial of insanity is based on his systemic actions and precision - a rational explanation for irrational behavior (murder). This rationality, however, is undermined by his lack of motivation ("Object there was none. Passion there was none."). Despite this, however, he says the idea of murder, "haunted me day and night." The story's final scene, however, is a result of the narrator's feelings of guilt. Like many characters in the Gothic tradition, his nerves dictate his true nature. Despite his best efforts at defending himself, the narrator's "over acuteness of the senses," which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards, is what convinces the reader that he is truly mad. Readers during Poe's time would have been especially interested amidst the controversy over the insanity defense in the 1840s.

It is unclear, however, if the narrator actually has very acute senses or if he is merely imagining things. If his condition is believed to be true, what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man's heart but death watch beetles. The narrator first admits hearing death watches in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep. According to superstition, death watches are a sign of impending death. One variety of death watch beetles raps its head against surfaces, presumably as part of a mating ritual, while others emit a ticking sound.

The relationship between the old man and the narrator is ambiguous, as is their names, their occupations, or where they live. In fact, that ambiguity adds to the tale as an ironic counter to the strict attention to detail in the plot. The narrator may be a servant of the old man's or, as is more often assumed, his son. In that case, the "vulture" eye of the old man is symbolizing parental surveillance and possibly the paternal principles of right and wrong. The murder of the eye, then, is a removal of conscience. The eye may also represent secrecy, again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the man or the narrator. Only when the eye is finally found open on the final night, penetrating the veil of secrecy, that the murder is carried out.

Former poet laureate Richard Wilbur has suggested that the tale is an allegorical representation of Poe's poem "To Science." The poem shows the struggle between imagination and science. In "The Tell-Tale Heart," the old man represents the scientific rational mind while the narrator is the imaginative.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" was first published in the Boston-based magazine "The Pioneer" in January 1843, edited by James Russell Lowell. Poe was likely paid only $10. It was slightly revised when republished in the August 23, 1845 edition of the "Broadway Journal". It was reprinted multiple times during Poe's lifetime.


Music

Television

Boxe pieds-poings

French, one calls boxe pieds-poings ("feet-fists boxing"), since the years 1980, the combat sports of striking with boxing gloves. These sports are practised in a ring (or on a mat) and belong to the category of sport boxing. The boxers use, according to the regulation, the techniques of leg (kicks and knee kicks), the techniques of arm (punches and elbow strikes) and the techniques of throwing.

Among the most known we have: 


Vibrato

Vibrato is a series of very quick changes up and down to the pitch of a note. It is like a deliberate, controlled wobble. The word “vibrato” is related to the word “vibrate”.

Vibrato is used to make a melody sound more beautiful by making it more expressive. Singers use vibrato, especially when singing dramatic solo music such as opera. In Italy a singer’s vibrato is sometimes called “tremolo”.

Violinists and other players of string instruments produce vibrato by moving the finger backwards and forwards on the fingerboard. Vibrato has to be learned carefully, as the hand needs to be very relaxed. Many beginners who start to use vibrato will try to vibrate too fast and this makes an unpleasant sound. Vibrato can be produced on wind instruments by small changes of breath control.

Musicians sometimes disagree about how much vibrato was used in earlier times. People who play music from the Renaissance or Baroque on period instruments sometimes play without any vibrato. Other people think that players of those days did use some vibrato.

Glockenspiel

The glockenspiel is a percussion instrument. It originated in Germany. It is in the same category as the xylophone and timpani. It usually has a range of 2 and a half octaves. It is set up in a keyboard instrument format. It is played by hitting it with mallets that have a plastic or felt tip. It has a soft sound, but very high pitch. If it is hit too hard, it makes a very bad sound. Its sound is often used to represent things such as fairies, birds, and butterflies.

Titan A.E.

Titan A.E. is a 2000 animated science fiction movie from Fox Animation Studios and Twentieth Century Fox. The name of the movie comes from the fictional spacecraft that is a main part of the plot. The "A.E." meaning "After Earth." The movie was created using both hand-drawn animation and computer generated imagery.

"Titan A.E." was a box office bomb, making only $9,376,845 during its opening weekend, and a total of $22,753,426 in theaters.

In 3028 A.D., Earth is attacked by pure energy aliens called the Drej. Its spacecraft uses the energy beam to destroy Earth, while hundreds of space vehicles leave the planet with the last of mankind on them. The secret "Titan" ship with Professor Sam Tucker aboard leaves at the same time, but not with the other vessels. One of the others escape the planet, including Sam's son Cale, who keeps a ring from his father.

Fifteen years later, Cale works on a salvage station. Humans have become outer space drifters. They are constantly mistreated by other races. A human captain named Joseph Korso and his pilot Akima seek out Cale. They tell him that he must help them find the "Titan". They say that the ship has machinery that will create a new Earth, in order to save humanity. The Drej want to find the "Titan" so that they can destroy it. With Korso's help, Cale learns that the ring his father gave to him can help him find the "Titan". Before long, Cale and Akima find out that Korso is looking for the "Titan" in order to hand it over to the Drej. They escape from him but become stranded on a drifter colony. Cale and Akima repair one of the wrecked spacecraft at the colony. They use it to go to where the "Titan" has been hidden.

Inside the "Titan", Cale and Akima learn that Professor Tucker had been one of the main people who designed the craft. The designers felt that the destruction of Earth would happen. Because of this, they gave the "Titan" the ability to create a new planet. They loaded it with the DNA of every living Earth plant and animal so they could repopulate the new world. However, the ship lost the energy and cannot recreate the planet. Korso finds and boards the "Titan". He attacks Cale and Akima, but one of his men attacks him. Korso kills the man by breaking his neck, then fights with Cale. During the fight, Korso falls over a railing. Cale trying to save him but Korso slips from Cale's grip and falls to his apparent death. Akima, Cale and others from Korso's ship work together to defend the "Titan" against the Drej attack. Cale thinks that the energy that makes up the Drej and their ships may be used to power up the "Titan"'s systems. Korso shows up again, but sacrifices himself repair a circuit breaker just as the Drej ship shoots an energy beam at the "Titan". Using the power of the beam, the "Titan" powers up and takes all the Drej energy. The Drej are destroyed while the ship creates a new planet. The movie ends with Akima and Cale standing on their new world. Akima wants to name the planet "New Earth," while Cale wants to name it "Bob" and all the human coming to the planet named "New Earth [Planet Bob]."

Two books were served as a prequel story before the movie. The other one follows Sam Tucker hiding the ship published by Dark Horse Comics.




"Titan A.E." became the first major movie using digital screen. On June 6, 2000, before it was shown in theaters, the movie was in Atlanta, Georgia and Los Angeles. It was sent to both screens from 20th Century Fox using a private internet LAN line. This was the first time a major movie had been created and distributed.


Nigella Lawson

Nigella Lucy Lawson (born 6 January 1960) is an English television chef, journalist, television presenter and food writer. She was born in Wandsworth, London and is of Jewish descent.

She presented the cooking show "Nigella Bites" on Channel 4 from 2000 to 2001. After that series, she went on to present two cookery series called "Nigella's Christmas Kitchen" and "Nigella Express" on BBC Two.

She is a judge on the American reality show "The Taste".

She has written many cooking books which have been translated into many different languages and are popular in the United Kingdom and the United States. 

She is a daughter of politician Nigel Lawson.


Pittsburg, Texas

Pittsburg is a city in the American state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 4,335.


Level 42

Level 42 is a Pop band from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 1979 on the Isle of Wight. Their songs include "Something About You" (1985) and "Lessons in Love" (1986). The current Level 42 is formation have Mark King, Mike Lindup, Pete Ray Biggin and Nathan King.

Johann Heinrich Schmelzer

Johann Heinrich Schmelzer (born in Austria some time between 1620 and 1623; died in Prague some time between 29 February and 20 March 1680) was a German composer. He was one of the most important composers of instrumental music in the mid-17th century. 

Nothing is known about his early life. He became a member of the imperial chapel in the mid 1630’s. His job there was probably a violinist. We know very little about his life, except that over the years he became a famous composer. The emperor must have liked him because he gave him presents of money and gold chains.

In 1671 he became deputy Kapellmeister at the imperial court. In 1673 the emperor gave him the honorary title “von Ehrenruef” which he put after his name. A few years later the court moved to Prague to try to escape the plague that was killing so many people in Vienna. At the end of 1679 the emperor’s Kapellmeister died and Schmelzer became Kapellmeister. It was the first time that the Kapellmeister at the Habsburg court had not been a foreigner but an Austrian. However, the following March Schmelzer died of the plague.

Schmelzer wrote a lot of music for small groups of instruments as well as a lot of ballet music. His dance suites are made up of several dances such as galliard, bourree, sarabande, gigue, gavotte and allemande as well as more unusual dances. He wrote several sonatas for two violins and continuo. They are full of fast scales and arpeggios. He also seems to have written church music, but it has all been lost.

Oireachtas

The Oireachtas is the national parliament of Ireland.

There are three parts of the Oireachtas:


Only the Irish names are used, never the English

Quasar

Quasars or quasi-stellar radio sources are the most energetic and distant active galactic nuclei (AGN). 

They are quite small in comparison with the energy they put out. Quasars are not much larger than the Solar System. The mechanism of brightness changes probably involves relativistic beaming of jets pointed nearly directly toward us. The highest redshift quasar known () has a redshift of 7.085, which means it is about 29 billion light-years from Earth. This estimate is made using the concept of comoving distance.

Scientists now agree that a quasar is a compact region in the center of a massive galaxy surrounding a central supermassive black hole. Its size is 10–10,000 times the Schwarzschild radius of the black hole. The energy emitted by a quasar is gravitational energy, created from mass falling onto the accretion disc around the black hole.

Quasars are extremely luminous. They were first identified as being high redshift sources of electromagnetic radiation, including radio waves and visible light. The light (and other energy) appeared to be similar to stars, rather than large sources like galaxies. On the other hand, their spectra had very broad emission lines, unlike any known from stars, hence "quasi-stellar". Their luminosity can be 100 times greater than that of the Milky Way.

The accretion discs of central supermassive black holes can convert about 10% of the mass of an object into energy.
This mechanism explains why quasars were more common in the early universe, as this energy production ends when the supermassive black hole consumes all of the gas and dust near it. 

This means that most galaxies, including our own Milky Way, may have gone through an active stage as a quasar or some other class of active galaxy. They are now dormant because they lack a supply of matter to feed into their central black holes to generate radiation.

The most luminous (or brightest) thing in space (as of 2024's first quarter), is QSO J0529-4351, a quasar.


Dáil Éireann

Dáil Éireann ( literally "Assembly of Ireland") is the lower house of the parliament of Ireland. Its members are elected by all Irish citizens of voting age (which is now 18). Members of Dáil Éireann are called "Teachta Dala" (TD).

The First Dáil was elected at the British General election of 1918. The Sinn Féin people who were elected did not go to the House of Commons. Instead they stayed in Dublin and set up the First Dáil.

The First Dáil passed the Declaration of Independence of the Irish Republic, a Constitution, and set up a government.

The first British woman MP was Countess Markiewicz. Because she was a Sinn Féiner, she went to the first Dáil Éireann instead. That is why many people think Lady Astor was Britain's first woman MP.

In 1922, during the War of Independence, the British passed the Government of Ireland Act. The act set up two parliaments, one for Northern Ireland and one for Southern Ireland. There was no election in Southern Ireland because only Sinn Féin candidates stood. They did not meet as the House of Commons of Southern Ireland. Instead they, and the only Sinn Feiner elected only in Northern Ireland met as the Second Dáil.

On the first day of the Second Dáil Éamon de Valera, President of the Irish Republic, said there would be no need to fight or negotiate with Britain if the British prime minister remembered that he had said De Valera said that if Poland had the right to its own government, so did Ireland.

The Second Dáil ratified (that is, confirmed) the Anglo-Irish Treaty, by a vote of 64 to 57. After this the 64 pro-treaty members met as the House of Commons of Southern Ireland, with the four University MPs, and voted to accept the treaty again.

The Third Dáil was two things.

The Third Dáil passed the constitution of the Irish Free State, and after 6 December 1922, it was the lower house of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State.

The official record of everything said in the Dáil is called or . Volume (book) one starts on the day the Third Dáil met, so the record of the First Dáil is called Book F, and the Second Dáil starts with book S.

TDs are elected in multi-member constituencies, unlike the British House of Commons or the American House of Representatives, which are single-member constituencies. There can be three, four, or five TDs in each constituency. Voters can vote for as many candidates as they want, but they rank them in order of preference, 1,2,3...

Working out who has been elected can sometimes take two or even three days, because the votes are counted several times under the Single Transferable Vote system.

If the Chairman of Dáil Éireann, called the Ceann Comhairle, wants to stand for re-election he is does not have to be elected. The law and the constitution say that he is given a seat in his old constituency.

The Dail is the more powerful of the two Houses of the Oireachtas.

The Taoiseach, (Prime Minister), the Tánaiste (deputy prime minister) and the Minister of Finance must be members of Dáil Éireann.

Bills to raise tax have to start in the Dáil, and cannot be vetoed by the Seanad.

The Dáil can pass a bill even if the Seanad objects, but the Supreme Court can decide that the act is not allowed by the Constitution. The President can also ask the Supreme Court if the bill is not allowed by the constitution before he/she signs it.


Taoiseach

The Taoiseach (), also referred to as An Taoiseach (), is the head of the government in Ireland. The term "prime minister" is not used by the Irish media.

When a new Dáil Éireann meets after an election it nominates one of its members to be Taoiseach. He then visits the President, and is appointed. He then presents a list of ministers to the Dáil and when this is approved they are also appointed by the President.

If the Taoiseach resigns all members of the government are said to have resigned as well. If a minister does not resign when asked by the Taoiseach, the Taoiseach can ask the President to sack the minister. The President cannot refuse to do this.

The Department of the Taoiseach helps the Taoiseach to do his job. The main duty of the Taoiseach is to start policy and coordinate policy of the rest of government. Especially policies on Economic and Social Development, Northern Ireland, the European Union and Public Sector Change and Oireachtas Reform.

The Government Chief Whip, who has to make sure the government's policies and ideas are turned into law, is a part of the Taoiseach's department.

The current Taoiseach is Leo Varadkar since 14 June 2017.

Anton Webern

Anton Webern (born Vienna 3 December 1883; died Mitterill 15 September 1945) was an Austrian composer. Webern and Alban Berg were the most famous pupils of Arnold Schoenberg, the composer who had invented the twelve tone system. This style of composition is often called the “Second Viennese School”. Webern was probably Schoenberg’s first pupil, and Berg joined them a few weeks later. Webern used the rules of the twelve tone system very strictly in his music. His compositions had a lot of influence on composers of the mid-20th century who were interested in serialism, especially Karlheinz Stockhausen and Pierre Boulez. Most of Webern’s compositions are very short.

Anton was born Anton von Webern. Webern’s father was a mining engineer who later got an important government job. The family had belonged to the nobility which is why they had “von” before the family name. In 1918 a law was made in Austria to stop people from using “von” as part of their name, and so from then onwards he was always known as “Anton Webern”. Anton learned to play the cello and the piano. They had a country house where the family spent the summer, and the young boy spent a lot of time composing, especially songs to the poems of famous German poets such as Stefan George and Richard Dehmel. Together with his friend and cousin Ernst he read the philosophical books of Friedrich Nietzsche, studied modern paintings and listened to the music of Richard Wagner. His father took him to the Bayreuth Festival. 

He went to study at the University of Vienna where he continued to compose a lot of music. By 1906 he had been given a doctorate for writing about the composer Heinrich Isaac.

When Webern became a pupil of Schoenberg he was joining a small group of musicians who were to be lifelong friends. Alban Berg was a member of this group. The music these people were writing sounded very modern at the time and they had to face a lot of criticism. Berg and Webern were official pupils of Schoenberg only for two years, but they continued to work with him, often copying out music for him. They also helped him financially and, when Schoenberg moved to Berlin, Webern moved there to be near him.

Webern composed more twelve-tone music during these years. He also worked as a conductor to earn some money. He was only interested in music by German and Austrian composers. He tried to get several teaching jobs, but the only one he managed to get was at the Israel Institute for the Blind in Vienna, where he taught for six years.

During the 1930s Webern faced many difficulties. He did not have much money, Schoenberg went to live in France and then the United States because of the political situation in Europe. Alban Berg died in 1935 and his own conducting career came to an end. When the Nazis came to power in Austria they banned Webern’s music because they thought it was bad (they called it “degenerate art”). His son was killed fighting in World War II. Four months after the war had ended he was sitting on the veranda of his daughter’s house smoking a cigar after dinner when he was shot dead by one of the occupying troops. He should have been inside because there was a curfew on. His son-in-law had just been arrested for selling things on the black market.

Webern’s early music was in the style of expressionism. Later he wrote using the twelve tone system. He liked using very high and very low notes, as well as silences in his music. Although most of his pieces were very short, every note was carefully planned. Officially he composed 31 works, and these fit onto 6 CDs. A lot of his music still sounds very modern to us today.

Groves Dictionary of Music Online

Seanad Éireann

Seanad Éireann (; "Senate of Ireland") is the second house of the Irish parliament, the Oireachtas.

Seanad Éireann's main business is the revising of legislation sent to it by Dáil Éireann.

It can initiate (start) and revise legislation, except bills for raising tax and spending money (Money Bills). Financial legislation must start in Dáil Éireann, and the Seannad can only suggest changes, it cannot force the changes to be accepted.

Seanad Éireann slows Dáil Éireann. All bills must be looked at by the Seannad, so it is a safeguard against laws being passed too quickly.

Seanad Éireann also debates important issues. Also, Seanad Éireann can debate these issues with more freedom because the fate of the Government will not be at stake. If the government loses a vote in Seanad Éireann it could be embarrassing, but under the constitution if the Government loses a vote in Dáil Éireann they might have to call new elections.

Election day
Members of Dáil Éireann are members from the first meeting of Dáil Éireann after a general election until the Dáil is dissolved. Members of Seanad Éireann are members from the first meeting until the day before the next general election of the Seanad.

Elections for Dáil Éireann must be within 30 days of being dissolved. Elections for the Seanad must be within 90 days of Dáil Éireann's dissolution. The Seanad must be elected after the Dáil, because new TDs are allowed to vote in a Seanad election.

There are sixty Senators.



At least 5 senators must be elected from each panel, but no more than 11 from any one panel.

About 1.000 people can vote for the Seanad:


The senators from the Universities are elected by any Irish citizen with a degree from that university.

The university seats shows how much Éamon de Valera, who wrote the Constitution of Ireland was influenced by the British Parliament. At the time it was written the universities of Oxford and Cambridge had their own MPs in the House of Commons. Graduates of those universities voted for these MPs as well as for the MP were they lived.


Protein biosynthesis

Protein biosynthesis (synthesis) is when cells build proteins. The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process.

Amino acids are either synthesised or eaten in food. Then, after the transcription of polypeptide genes, the amino acids are put together. This is done by translation and RNA splicing which produces messenger RNAs. The splicing process produces the final proteins, which then fold up into their protein structure. Then they can function. The plural is used here because, with most genes, the splicing process produces more than one final working protein. One particular Drosophila gene (DSCAM) can be alternatively spliced into 38,000 different mRNA.

Protein biosynthesis differs between prokaryotes and eukaryotes, though parts of the process are the same in both.


List of California hurricanes

A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects the state of California. Usually Pacific hurricanes weaken a lot before getting to land.
O
Normally, rainfall is the only effect that Pacific hurricanes have on California. Sometimes, this rainfall is strong enough to cause flooding and some damage. For example, floods from Hurricane Kathleen in 1976 created damages scattered across the southeastern California area and killed three people.

The main reason why hurricanes do not hit California is because of cold sea surface temperatures off the California coastline and the California Current.

Tropical cyclones usually need sea surface temperatures above 26.5 °C (80 °F) with a depth of 50 meters (160 feet) to survive. But the waters off the California coast are too cold for tropical cyclones, even during the summer. Normally, the waters' temperatures do not get above 17 °C (70 °F), although El Nino effects may periodicly warm the pacific waters off of the California coastline.

Also the California Current moves down from the northwestern US coast to the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula, which is the opposite in which Northern Hemisphere tropical cyclones move. While a few tropical cyclones may hit the southern and central areas of the Baja California peninsula, they do not make landfall any farther north than that.




Because of a possible threat of California hurricanes in the future and from the damaging effects of a 1858 tropical storm, the National Weather Service created tropical cyclone warning stations across the southern California coast. But because of the fact that Pacific hurricanes rarely affected California, the idea of a warning station was later brought down.

The most serious damage from a California hurricane would be from heavy rainfall rather than hurricane force-winds or a storm surge, although distant hurricanes may still create heavy surf, maybe hurting or killing people. 



National Weather Service

The National Weather Service (also known as NWS) is one of the six scientific agencies that make up the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) of the United States government. Its job is to provide "weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, adjacent waters and ocean areas, for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy." This is done through a collection of national and regional centers, and more than 122 local weather forecast offices (WFOs). Since the NWS is a government agency, most of its products are in the public domain.



Yuma, Arizona

Yuma is a city in and the county seat of Yuma County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2020 Census, the population of the city is 95,548.


Storm surge

A storm surge is a sudden rise of water hitting areas close to the coast. Storm surges are usually created by a hurricane or other tropical cyclone. The surge happens because a storm has fast winds and low atmospheric pressure. Water is pushed on shore, and the water level rises. Strong storm surges can flood coastal towns and destroy homes. A storm surge is considered the deadliest part of a hurricane. They kill many people each year.


California Current

The California Current is a Pacific Ocean current that starts along the northwestern United States coast and ends on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.


Baja California Peninsula

The Baja California Peninsula (or Lower California) is a peninsula of North America. It is west of Mexico. It extends some 1,250 km (775 miles) from Mexicali in the north to Cabo San Lucas in the south, separating the Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California (or "Sea of Cortés").


Sukkot

Sukkot (also known as Feast of Tabernacles) is a Jewish festival. In this event, people celebrate the gathering of the crops, and remember the time in the past when small shelters were made by the Jews when they were in the wilderness and had no homes. It happens 5 days after the Jewish festival Yom Kippur and lasts for 1 week.



Waterworld

Waterworld is a 1995 American science fiction action movie. The movie stars Kevin Costner who also produced it. "Waterworld" was released in the United States on July 28, 1995.

Problems during the making of the movie caused it to cost much more than expected. It was the most expensive movie ever made at the time. With a budget of $175 million, the movie earned $88 million at U.S. theaters. However, the movie was successful in other countries. It made more than a $100 million profit.

Some time in the future, after global warming, the polar icecaps have melted. The Earth is almost entirely covered with water. The humans that are still alive have forgotten the past. Most people believe the world was created in a flood. It is blasphemy to believe anything else. There is, however, a belief of many peoples that dry land exists.

The peoples can be classified into four groups:

The main character in the movie is a drifter (Kevin Costner). For most of the movie, he has no name. People call him "the Mariner." He is a genetic mutant, with webbed feet and gills. He also appears to have very good reflexes.

The Atollers offer a trade with the Mariner: if he will stay with them long enough to get one of their women pregnant they will give him all the supplies he needs. The Mariner does not accept their offer. He does not like being around many people. The Atoll's leaders are mad about this. They have him arrested. During the fight to capture him, they learn that he is a mutant. They fear him and plan to "recycle" (execute) him in the Atoll's old dump for domestic waste.

As they get ready to "recycle" the Mariner, the Smokers attack. Their leader is the Deacon. He is the "captain" of an old oil tanker, the "Exxon Valdez" ("the 'Deez"). They are looking for a young girl named Enola. She has a map to Dryland tattooed on her back. One of their spies told them that she was there. Enola lives with her guardian, Helen, a woman in her twenties or thirties. Helen and Enola plan to escape with Gregor (the Atoll's astrologer/engineer) in search of Dryland. Like the Mariner, they do not fit in with the other people.

Gregor's escape balloon is accidentally let loose too early (with him on it). This leaves Helen and Enola on the Atoll as the Smokers attack it. They free the Mariner after he says he will take them with him. They all escape on his ship.

Helen learns that the Mariner knows where Dryland is and wants to see it. The Mariner puts her in a diving bell made out of plastic and swims down to a sunken city (actually the city of Denver) to show her. While they are looking at the sunken city, the Smokers find the Mariner's vessel and take control of it. Enola hides on the ship. When the Mariner and Helen return to the surface, the Smokers capture them. The Deacon wants the Mariner and Helen to tell him where Enola is, but they will not help him find her. The Deacon pretends to kill the Mariner and Helen by firing a gun into the sky. This scares Enola out of hiding and she is captured by the Smokers. The Deacon has his crew burn the Mariner's vessel and shoot at them, but they escape by diving deeper underwater than the bullets can reach. Since the Mariner can breathe underwater, he "breathes" for both of them using a kiss.

Gregor soon appears in his flying machine. He tells them that it was "good thinking" to burn the boat. Gregor then takes them to where a new Atoll is being built. The Mariner tells everyone that he is going to rescue Enola. No one else will help him.

The Mariner goes after the "Exxon Valdez" on a stolen jetski. The Deacon and his crew are celebrating finding "the map to Dryland". Unfortunately, neither the Deacon nor his crew has any idea how to "read" the map. Based on the shape of the area of Dryland, the Deacon believes that the area must be Japan. The crew begins to row the large ship with huge oars, in the style of a Viking longship.

The Mariner walks out onto the empty deck of the ship and threatens to throw a flare down into the oil holds unless the Deacon returns Enola. The Deacon does not believe Enola's warning that the Mariner never bluffs. He refuses and tells the Mariner that he would be crazy to blow up the ship. The Mariner drops the flare into the oil hold. The flare causes the oil catch on fire. This destroys the 'Deez in a large explosion.

The Mariner frees Enola and escapes the ship which sinks. They float at sea for a while and then have one last battle with the Deacon (who survived the blast) before being rescued by Gregor. Gregor understands the map and leads them in the direction of what does, in fact, turn out to be Dryland: Mount Everest. Gregor, Enola, Helen and the others start to rebuild civilization on the island. The Mariner builds a boat and sails away, back to his old life.




Kevin Costner

Kevin Michael Costner (born January 18, 1955) is an American movie actor, director, producer and musician. He is most known for his role in "Dances with Wolves" (1990), which won seven Academy Awards, "" (1991), and "The Bodyguard (1992).

Kevin was born in Lynwood, California, on January 18, 1955. He was the third child of Bill Costner and Sharon Costner. He has two older brothers (Dan born 1950 and a middle brother who died at birth in 1953). He is of Cherokee Native American, English, German, Irish, Scottish, Swiss and Welsh descent. When he finished high school, he was a basketball, football and baseball star. In 1978, he married his college friend Cindy Costner. (Cindy Costner later played a role in "Dances with Wolves"). Some time later, he met Richard Burton, and this made him go after acting. He has made or participated in the making of 47 movies.
Kevin has three children from his first wife, Cindy: Annie (1984), Lily (1986) and Joe (1988). Kevin and Cindy divorced on 1994. He had relations with Bridget Rooney, and his fourth child, Liam (1996) is from her. Kevin remained divorced for 10 years; he married Christine Baumgartner on September 25, 2004. His fifth child, Cayden, was born in 2006. A sixth child, another son, was born February 12, 2009. He was named Hayes Logan. In 2023, Baumgartner filed for divorce from Costner.

Costner is a Democrat.



Douglas Hyde

Douglas Hyde (or Dubhghlas de hÍde, born January 17, 1860, died July 12, 1949) was the first President of Ireland from 1938 to 1945. He founded the Conradh na Gaeilge, one of the most influential cultural organisations in Ireland. He promoted use of the Irish language, using the Irish spelling of his name and the pseudonym "An Craoibhin Aoibhinn"

Hyde was born at Longford House in Castlerea in County Roscommon, while his mother was on a short visit there. His father, Arthur Hyde, was a Church of Ireland rector. He became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the Irish language. At the time the Irish language was looked down on seen as backward and old-fashioned.

He founded the Conradh na Gaeilge, or in English, "Gaelic league", in the hope of saving it from extinction in 1893.

The league was set up to encourage the Irish culture, music, dances, and language. Many of the new generation of Irish leaders who played a central role in the fight for Irish independence in the early twentieth century, including Patrick Pearse, Éamon de Valera (who married his Irish teacher Sinéad Flanagan), Michael Collins, and Ernest Blythe first became passionate about Irish independence through their involvement in Conradh na Gaeilge or "Gaelic League".

Hyde himself was uncomfortable at the league becoming political instead of cultural and resigned as its president in 1915. He was replaced by the radical political activist and Irish-language teacher, Patrick Pearse (1879-1916). Pearse led the Easter Rising, and his election showed that the league had been infiltrated by the Irish Republican Brotherhood, just like the Irish Volunteers and the Gaelic Athletic Association

Hyde had no association with Sinn Féin or the Independence movement. But he did accept an appointment to the senate, part of the Irish Free State parliament.

In November 1925 he lost the election to the senate because of lies about his support for divorce (in fact he was anti-divorce) and his Protestantism.

He became Professor of Irish at University College Dublin, where one of his students was future Attorney-General and President of Ireland, Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh.

In April 1938 he was retired, but Taoiseach Éamon de Valera appointed him to Seanad Éireann. He was not a Senator for very long, because he was chosen to be first President of Ireland.


Hyde was inaugurated as the first President of Ireland in June 1938 and moved into the old "Vice Regal Lodge", the old home of the British Lords Lieutenant of Ireland. The lodge was also used by Governors General of the Irish Free State. Hyde renamed it Áras an Uachtaráin (the House of the President in English).

Hyde said the Presidential oath of office in Irish. The recording of his Roscommon dialect is one of the few recordings of the dialect, which has now died out.

Hyde was a popular president. United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt called him a "fine and scholarly old gentleman". President Hyde and King George VI corresponded about stamp collecting. (George VI was legally King of Ireland until 1 April 1949 )

However, in April 1940 he suffered a massive stroke. Plans were made for his lying-in-state and state funeral, but to the surprise of everyone he survived, albeit paralysed and having to use a wheelchair.

President Hyde twice asked the Supreme Court, if a bill was Constitutional (so that the Bill in question can be signed into law).

On the first occasion, the court held that the Bill referred - Offences Against the State (Amendment) Bill, 1940- was Constitutional.

The second reference, the Court decided that the particular provision referred - section 4 of the School Attendance Bill, 1942 - was "repugnant to the Constitution". and told the Dáil he was refusing to sign it.

Hyde left office on 25 June 1945. Due to his ill-health he did not return to his Roscommon home Ratra. Instead he was moved into the former Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant's residence in the grounds of Áras an Uachtaráin, which he renamed "Little Ratra" and where he lived out the remaining four years of his life. He died there at 10pm on 12 July 1949, aged 89.

As a former President of Ireland he was given a state funeral. As an Anglican his funeral service took place in Dublin's Church of Ireland St. Patrick's Cathedral. But the Catholic Church did not let Roman Catholics attend services in Anglican churches. As a result, all but one member of the Catholic cabinet, Dr. Noel Browne, remained outside the cathedral while Hyde's funeral took place. They then joined the cortège when his coffin left the cathedral. Éamon de Valera, by now Leader of the Opposition, was represented by a senior Fianna Fáil figure who was a member of the Church of Ireland, Erskine Childers, a future President of Ireland himself. Hyde was buried in County Roscommon, where he had spent most of his childhood life.


Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh (12 February 1911 – 21 March 1978, ) served as fifth President of Ireland, from 1974 to 1976. He was elected after the death of President Childers, but he resigned in 1976 after a clash with the government. He also had a notable legal career, including serving as Chief Justice of Ireland.

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh was born in Bray, County Wicklow.

Ó Dálaigh trained as a lawyer. He became Ireland's youngest Attorney-General in 1946 under Taoiseach Éamon de Valera. He was re-appointed as Attorney-General in 1951 and in 1953 he became the youngest member of the Supreme Court. Less than a decade later, he became the youngest Chief Justice of Ireland.

When Ireland joined the European Economic Community, Jack Lynch appointed Ó Dálaigh as Ireland's judge on the European Court of Justice. When President Childers died suddenly in 1974, all parties agreed to nominate Ó Dálaigh for the post.

Ó Dálaigh proved to be a mixed success as president. While popular with Irish language enthusiasts and artists he had a strained relationship with the Coalition Government.

In 1976 he decided to refer a series of tough state security Bills to the Supreme Court to test their constitutionality. This worried and angered members of the Fine Gael-Labour national coalition government. Ó Dálaigh then announced that he would sign the bill at midnight of the 15th of October, which he made public. There was a historical precedent for the referral of this bill. Dubhghlas de hÍde referred the Offences Against the State (Amendment) Act of 1939 to the Supreme Court. Jim Duffy claims that, as a result of this, the PIRA arranged an attack in Mountmellick which resulted in the killing of Garda Clerkin. Others would dispute that the PIRA would have held the President's opinion in such high regard as their members at the time did not recognise the State of which Ó Dálaigh was then the Head.

Ó Dálaigh's actions were seen by government ministers to have contributed to the killing of this Garda and greatly angered them. The following day, following a minor car accident, Paddy Donegan, a controversial and outspoken Minister for Defence, described the incident as a "thundering disgrace". The president thought the minister meant that the "President was a disgrace", not what the "President was doing was a disgrace". Donegan, a known alcoholic, was likely under the influence of alcohol at the time he spoke. He was speaking to members of the Irish Defence Forces, and was only at the barracks to open a new cookhouse. Donegan insulted the President, who is Head of the Defence Forces in front of the defence forces. created a major political incident. Ó Dálaigh thought that the President and the Minister of Defence would be unable to work together.

The apologetic Donegan immediately offered his resignation. But Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave refused the offers, an offer he repeated subsequently. Cosgrave never met the President personally to apologise. That added to two years in which Cosgrave had failed to do his constitutional duty to regularly brief the President. The manner in which his government treated the President was the last straw for President Ó Dálaigh.

He became the first Irish president to resign.

The incident meant even more people saw the Government as arrogant and out of touch with public opinion and contributed to their defeat in the 1977 general election.

The opposition proposed outgoing EEC Commissioner Patrick Hillery for the presidency. Hillery served two unchallenged terms of office before retiring at the end of his second term in 1990.

Ó Dálaigh died in 1978, less than two years after leaving office. He is buried in Sneem, County Kerry.

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh was the most politically naïve president, but the Government he worked with was notable for its own inability to offer him the help to overcome the problem. The Taoiseach did not support Ó Dálaigh when Donegan attacked him. 

Translation (genetics)

Translation is the second part of protein biosynthesis (the making of proteins). It is part of the process of gene expression.

Before translation comes: 

In eukaryotes, translation happens on the ribosomes in the cytoplasm and in the endoplasmic reticulum. In bacteria, translation happens in the cell cytoplasm: they have no nucleus.

Ribosomes are made of a small part and a large part which surround the mRNA (messenger RNA). In translation, mRNA has the base sequence to make a specific polypeptide. This sequence is originally specified by the DNA, and copied by the mRNA. The polypeptide can be a whole protein. Or, it can be just a part, waiting to be combined with other polypeptides so it can make a whole protein. The polypeptide also has to be folded before it works as a protein.

Amino acids are carried by specific tRNAs with anticodons to connect with mRNA's matching codons. Each tRNA has its own anticodon and carries an amino acid. An anticodon is always together with the same amino acid.

When the tRNA matches with the mRNA, the amino acid that is connected to the tRNA is unconnected from the tRNA and gets connected to the amino acid brought by the previous tRNA.

So, a ribosome works a lot like a stock ticker and ticker tape. Many ribosomes, together with mRNA, will attach themselves to the outer membrane of the rough endoplasmic reticulum. Any proteins that those ribosomes make go into the inside of the endoplasmic reticulum, where it will probably go into a vesicle later. The vesicles will then bring the proteins to other organelles or even the outside of the cell.

Translation happens in four stages: activation (make ready), initiation (start), elongation (make longer) and termination (stop). These terms describe the growth of the amino acid chain (polypeptide). 

Some antibiotics work by keeping translation from happening. Prokaryotic ribosomes are different from eukaryotic ribosomes. So antibiotics can kill bacteria without hurting the eukaryotic host. For example, antibiotics taken by a human might kill the bacteria that is making the human sick but wouldn't hurt the human.


Gene expression

Gene expression is how the information in a gene (the sequence of DNA base pairs) is made into a product (such as a protein or RNA). The basic idea is that DNA is transcribed into RNA, which is then translated into proteins. Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism.

Several steps in gene expression may be tuned. This includes both the transcription and translation stages, and the final folded state of a protein. Gene regulation switches genes on and off, and so controls cell differentiation, and morphogenesis. Gene regulation may also serve as a basis for evolutionary change: control of the timing, location, and amount of gene expression can have a profound effect on the development of the organism.

The expression of a gene may vary a lot in different tissues. That is how the tissues become different from each other. This is called pleiotropism. This term is important in genetics.

In biology, epigenetics is the study of inherited changes in phenotype (appearance). Gene expression can be adjusted in ways other than the underlying DNA sequence. These changes may remain through cell divisions for the remainder of the individual's life, and may also last for more than one generation. 

However, "there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism". Instead, non-genetic factors cause the organism's genes to behave (express themselves) differently.

The best example of epigenetic changes in eukaryote biology is the process of cellular differentiation. Embryos start with their cells totipotent: they could become any tissue. . As embryos develop, their cells become specialised. They develop a particular function, and are part of an organ of the body. This is called morphogenesis. Epigenetic changes are long-term.

During morphogenesis, totipotent stem cells become the various cell lines of the embryo, which in turn become fully differentiated cells. In other words, a single fertilized egg cell – the zygote – divides and develops. The daughter cells change into the many cell types of the mature embryo. These include neurones, muscle cells, epithelium, blood vessels and so on. 

This happens by activating some genes while inhibiting others.

Up-regulation increases the expression of one or more genes and so the protein(s) coded by those genes. Down-regulation is a process resulting in decreased gene and protein expression.

Gene regulation can be summarized as:

There are a number of RNAs which regulate genes, that is, they regulate the rate at which genes are transcribed or translated. The following are two important examples

Micro RNAs (miRNA) act by joining an enzyme and blocking mRNA (messenger RNA), or speeding its breakdown. This is called RNA interference.

Small interfering RNAs (sometimes called silencing RNAs) interfere with the expression of a specific gene. They are quite small (20/25 nucleotides) double-stranded molecules. Their discovery has caused a surge in biomedical research and drug development.


Curtis (50 Cent album)

Curtis is the third album by rapper 50 Cent. The album was released on September 11, 2007. The album features production from Dr. Dre, Eminem, and Timbaland, among others. Guest appearances include Akon, Justin Timberlake, Nicole Scherzinger, and other notable musicians. 50 Cent divides between "hard" songs and "soft" songs on the album.

"Curtis" was released and sold 691,000 copies in its first week on the "Billboard" 200. It sold the most copies in one week for an East Coast album since Jay-Z's "Kingdom Come" sold 680,000 copies sold. The album's sales competition with Kanye West's "Graduation" was considered to be a "great day for hip hop".

Šarplaninac

The Šarplaninac (pronounced shar-pla-NEE-natz) (also known as Sharplaninec) is a large-sized shepherd dog breed of the Balkan region, from the Šar mountains ("Šar Planina" in Serbian and Macedonian or "Bjeshket e Sharrit" in Albanian).

El Limón, Samaná

El Limón (in English, "The Lemon") is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province, Dominican Republic. It is on the north coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the Atlantic coast.

It was made a municipal district on July 20, 2001.

There are other two Municipal districts with the same name (El Limón) in the country: one in the Independencia province and the other in the Santiago province.

Théodore Chassériau, a French painter, was born in El Limón on 1819.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 7,024: 3,622 men and 3,402 women. The urban population was 66.23% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of the province are agriculture, fishing and tourism. Tourism, above all nature tourism, is important here because many tourists visit El Limón Waterfall.

Théodore Chassériau

Théodore Chassériau (September 20, 1819 – October 8, 1856) was a French romantic painter noted for his portraits, historical and religious paintings, and images inspired by his travels to Algeria.

Chassériau was born in El Limón, Samaná, in "Saint Domingue" (now the Dominican Republic). Her mother, Maria Magdalena Couret de la Blagniére, was born in Haiti but she moved with her parents to Santo Domingo when the Haitian revolution. At that time, the eastern part of Hispaniola was a French colony. There she met Bénoit Chassériau and soon they got married and moved to Samaná.

When the eastern part of the Hispaniola became again a colony of Spain, the family moved to Venezuela and Jamaica. Then, in 1821, the family went to live in Paris, France. Théodore was three years old at that time.

In 1830, at the age of eleven, he started to study with Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, and soon he became the favorite pupil of the great classicist.

After Ingres left Paris in 1834 to become director of the French Academy in Rome, Chassériau fell under the influence of Eugène Delacroix, a well-known romantic painter. From that moment on, Chassériau tried to combine the two styles.

His works could be grouped in two periods:

Chassériau died when he was 37 years old in Paris, on October 8, 1856.

Théodore Chassériau exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Retrieved on 2007-10-03.

Intermolecular force

In physics, chemistry, and biology, intermolecular forces are forces that act between stable molecules or between functional groups of macromolecules. 

These forces are generally much weaker than the chemical bonding forces. Their bonding energies are less than a few kcal/mol. But they are responsible for many different physical, chemical, and biological phenomena. In general one distinguishes short and long range intermolecular forces.

Hydrogen bonding is an intermolecular interaction with a hydrogen atom being present in the intermolecular bond. 


Spineshank

SpineShank is a alernative metal band formed in Los Angeles in 1996. They released four albums under Roadrunner Records:

Tanystropheus

Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in the Middle Triassic period. The main feature that stands out about this animal is its very long neck. Fossils of this creature have been found in Europe and the Middle East. Habitat: probably aquatic.

Yuryuzan, Chelyabinsk Oblast

Yuryuzan () is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 13,700 ().

Yuryuzan is located on Yuryuzan River's bank.


Sim, Chelyabinsk Oblast

Sim (, 54°59'N 57°41'E) is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 15,900 (2005).

Sim is located on Sim River's bank. Town was founded in 1759 and named "Simsky Zavod" until 1942.

Igor Kurchatov is from Sim.

Duff Beer

Duff Beer is a fictional alcoholic drink shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons". Duff Beer is known to be Homer Simpson's favorite drink and has a mascot known as "Duffman".

Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment

The Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment (; previously the 119th Separate Rifle Tank (Mixed) Regiment) was a Soviet separate tank regiment during the Second World War. It had a lot of ethnic Armenians in it. Other ethnic groups that were in the regiment included Azeris, but they were largely relegated to logistics support and other non-combatant roles.

Sursk

Sursk (, 53°05'N 45°42'E) is town in Penza Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 7,500 (2005). The town was founded in 1860.

Sursk is located on the Sura River's left bank. It is 92 km from Penza.


Lipki

Lipki (, 53°57'N 37°42'E) is a town in Tula Oblast, Russia. Its population is about 9,700 (2005). Lipki is located 38 km south of Tula. The village of Lipki has been known since the 17th century.

Lage

Lage is a city in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, approximately 8 km northwest of Detmold. It has about 36,000 inhabitants.

The town is twinned with


Venture capital

Venture capital is a type of private equity capital.

Typically it is provided by outside investors to new businesses that promise to grow fast. Venture capital investments are usually high risk, but offer the potential for above-average returns. 

A venture capitalist (VC) is a person who makes such investments. A venture capital fund is a pooled investment vehicle (often a limited partnership) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. 

Venture capital can also include managerial and technical expertise. Most venture capital comes from a group of rich investors, investment banks and other financial institutions that pool such investments or partnerships. This form of raising capital is popular among new companies, or ventures.

Venture Capital firms can go public after they have reached a certain stage of growth. Given that Venture Capital firms are financial investors in portfolo companies, they are expected to add value by consistent value addition. 


Moment of inertia

Moment of inertia (formula_1), also called "angular mass" (kg·m), is the inertia of a rotating body with respect to its rotation.

It is a rotating body's resistance to angular acceleration or deceleration, equal to the product of the mass and the square of its radius measured perpendicularly to the axis of rotation.



Multiple choice

Multiple choice questions ask people to choose the answer from a list. Tests, elections, and surveys can use multiple choice questions. Frederick J. Kelly made the first multiple choice questions in 1914 at the University of Kansas. This testing method is popular in the United States.

Multiple choice questions have 2 parts. The first part is called the stem, which is a problem to be solved or a sentence needing completion. The question is usually "straightforward" (only a few options) and it needs review to get the right answer. The second part, the options, have 2 variations, or differences. The first is called the "key", and is the correct answer. The other answers are called "distractors". They are usually very close to the actual answer so they can confuse people. Multiple choice questions are used on standardized tests, and they aren't always questions. They may be math equations, incomplete sentences, or other things. 

1. formula_1
<br>A) 0<br>B) 22<br>C) 4<br>D) 2

2. Where is the Eiffel Tower?<br>A) London<br>B) Paris<br>C) Singapore<br>D) New York

Correct answers:<br>1 C<br> 2 B

Angular velocity

In physics, the angular velocity specifies the angular speed at which an object is rotating along with the direction in which it is rotating.

It is a vector quantity. The SI unit of angular velocity is radians per second. But it may be measured in other units as well (such as degrees per second, degrees per hour, etc.). When it is measured in cycles or rotations per unit time (e.g. revolutions per minute), it is often called the rotational velocity and its magnitude the rotational speed. Angular velocity is usually represented by the symbol omega (Ω or ω). The direction of the angular velocity vector is perpendicular to the plane of rotation, in a direction which is usually specified by the right hand rule.



Angular frequency

In physics, angular frequency," ω, "(also called the angular speed, radial frequency, and radian frequency) is a measure of rotation rate. A high rate of angular frequency means something is turning very fast. The angular frequency is the magnitude of the vector quantity angular velocity which is also known as angular frequency vector formula_1. 

It is useful in many areas of maths and science as it allows understanding of many properties of physical objects in our world. In SI units, angular frequency is measured in radians per second, with dimensions t since radians are dimensionless. 

Angular frequency is often given in radians per second (formula_2) as it is easier to work with. In this way, the angular frequency is given by, 

where formula_4 is the time (period) of a single rotation (revolution) and formula_5 is the frequency. This can be derived by considering formula_6 when formula_7 and formula_8.
If a wheel turns by an angle formula_9 in a time formula_10 then the angular frequency at any moment is given by, 

If the rotation speed is constant, this becomes, 

and so it is similar to a speed. 

For objects which are going in circles, the angular frequency may also be given as (in radians), 

where formula_14 is the speed and formula_15 is the distance from the center of the circle.

This can be derived by considering formula_16 where formula_17 is the distance along the arc.

Thus 

where formula_19 is the velocity.

The angular frequency is important in determining whether an object can stay above the ground against gravity, or whether a spinning top can stay standing. It also is important in creating the frequency of mains electricity supplies and reducing the heat due to friction in engines. 

Objects are pulled towards the earth because of gravity. To oppose this, a satellite must go fast enough it misses the ground. For the forces to equal each other, 

where formula_21 is the mass of the larger body and formula_22 is the Gravitational constant. To make a circle, the angular frequency must be equal to, 

which leads to one of Johannes Kepler's Laws. 

Generators in power stations rotate at some frequency. The speed at which these turn gives us the frequency that our electricity supplies are at. These can be slowed by large brakes or big heavy wheels which stop the generators from turning too quickly. 


Pseudovector

In physics and mathematics, a pseudovector (or axial vector) is a quantity that transforms like a vector under a proper rotation, but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation (a transformation that can be expressed as an inversion followed by a proper rotation).

Physical examples of pseudovectors include the magnetic field, torque, vorticity, and the angular momentum.

Twister (1996 movie)

Twister is a 1996 American disaster movie directed by Jan de Bont, and based upon a screenplay by Michael Crichton and Anne-Marie Martin. It follows a group of storm chasers attempting to prevent all tornadoes from destroying everything in Oklahoma. The movie has a famous scene of a flying cattle. It is a scene that was the subject of many parodies. It was the first movie to be commercially released on DVD and the last movie released on HD DVD.

"Twister" was released in VHS by Warner Home Video in October 1996. It was later released on DVD on March 26, 1997. It is considered to be the first home release of a movie to use this now widely-used optical media technology.


Spoke

A spoke is one of several rods radiating from the center of a wheel (the hub where the axle connects), connecting the hub with the round traction surface. 

The term originally meant the portions of a log which one had split lengthwise into four or six sections. The radial members of a wagon wheel were made by carving a spoke (from a log) into their finished shape. Eventually, the term spoke was applied to the finished product of the wheelwright's work.

These pages are in German:

Examination

An examination (exam) is a test. Many things may be examined, but the word is most often used for an assessment of a person. It measures a test-taker's knowledge, skill, aptitude, physical fitness or ability or standing in some other topic. It is a set of questions designed to measure those things. Examinations change and evolve. They have been used since ancient times.

In its widest sense, to examine is to look at something very carefully, perhaps to find the cause of a problem. Someone who is ill may need to go to a doctor for a medical examination. A mechanic may examine a machine to find why it is not working properly.

In education an examination is a test to show the knowledge and ability of a student. A student who takes an examination is a candidate. The person who decides how well the student has performed is the examiner. An examination may be a written test, an on-screen test or a practical test. Examples of a practical test may be: driving a car, speaking a language, playing a musical instrument and doing a scientific experiment. An on-screen test is a test which uses the computer.

If the candidate is successful he will have passed the examination. If he is unsuccessful he will have failed. In some cases it is possible for a student who has failed to take the exam again another time.

A student who passes an examination may get a certificate or diploma. Some certificates are professional qualifications, allowing the person to do a particular job, e.g. plumber, teacher, doctor, lawyer.

Irish Republic

The Irish Republic (Irish: "Saorstát Éireann" ) was a declared independent state of the United Kingdom in the Easter Rising of 1916 and established in 1919 by the First Dáil. It only existed during the Irish War of Independence of 1919-1922 between the Irish Republican Army and the forces of the United Kingdom.

It formally ceased to exist in 1922 with the ratification of the Anglo-Irish Treaty that ended the war, when 26 of the country's 32 counties became the Irish Free State and the other six remained within the United Kingdom as Northern Ireland. Sinn Féin refused to accept the treaty, said that the Irish Republic existed, even if it did not control any territory. This is why elected Sinn Féin TDs never took their seats in the parliaments of the Irish Free State or the United Kingdom

In English, the revolutionary state was known as the 'Irish Republic'. Two different Irish language names were used: 

"Saorstát Éireann" was also the official Irish title of the Irish Free State.

This was Dáil Éireann. It was made up of the majority of Irish Members of Parliament elected in the 1918 general election. Two further general elections called by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the head of the British administration in Dublin Castle, were treated by nationalists as elections to the Dáil. The Second Dáil's members were elected in the 1921 elections for the Parliaments of Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland; the Third Dáil was elected in 1922 as the provisional parliament of Southern Ireland, as provided for by the Anglo-Irish Treaty.

At its first meeting the Dáil adopted the Dáil Constitution. It also passed a Declaration of Independence.

The Dáil Constitution gave executive authority in a cabinet called the "Aireacht" or "Ministry". The Aireacht' head was first known as the "Príomh Aire". He in turn appointed the ministers. According to the original version of the constitution enacted in January 1919, there were to be four ministers:

In April 1919, the ministry was increased in size to not more than nine ministers. In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul when the post of president was created. The six ministers were

A number of previous cabinet ministers, notably Constance Markiewicz, were demoted to under-secretary level. Countess Markiewicz was the first women elected to the British House of Commons. She never took her seat, but instead she sat as a member of the first Dáil

The Aireacht met as often as secrecy and safety allowed.

The Anglo-Irish Treaty was signed on 6 December 1921. Then it had to be confirmed three times:

House of Commons of Southern Ireland and Dáil Éireann were the same people, except for 4 pro-British members of the House of Commons.




Super Smash Bros. Brawl

Super Smash Bros. Brawl (commonly known as SSBB or Brawl) is the third video game in the "Super Smash Bros." series. It was made by Sora and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.

There are 39 characters in "Brawl". 25 characters are unlocked at the start, and 14 characters are hidden and have to be unlocked by the player. Most of the characters from the second game in the series, "Super Smash Bros. Melee", are also in Brawl. Some characters from "Melee" (Mewtwo, Roy, Dr. Mario, Pichu, and Young Link) are not in Brawl. Two new characters (Solid Snake and Sonic the Hedgehog) were in games that Nintendo did not own. The game is best known for the tripping mechanic (fighters will trip at random when running), introducing third-party characters, and the Smash Ball

Like the other "Super Smash Bros." games, items appear in the middle of the game that characters can use. However, "Brawl" adds many more items, such as the "Assist Trophy" (where a character appears to help players defeat opponents) and the "Smash Ball", an item that lets players use a powerful attack called a "Final Smash".


Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a role-playing game made by Square Enix for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance. The story of the game is about four children who are pulled into their friends' dream by a magical book. The player plays as the boy Marche, his friend Montblanc, and many other characters who can join your group. 

X-Men (movie)

X-Men is a 2000 superhero movie based upon the fictional characters the X-Men. The movie is about mutants who are the next evolutionary step of humanity. These mutants are feared and hated by most of humanity.

The movie was directed by Bryan Singer. It deals with the ideas of prejudice and discrimination in the United States. The screenplay was written by David Hayter. A sequel, "X2", was released in 2003 and a third movie, "", was released in 2006. A fourth film, "". A prequel trilogy has been made, the prequel series is currently formed by "", "" and "Dark Phoenix".

Professor Charles Xavier (the world's most powerful telepath) takes gifted children and teaches them to control their powers for good. He does this at Xavier's Academy for Gifted Youngsters, his school for mutants. This school is the home to the X-Men. The story is about the X-Men trying to stop Erik Lehnsherr (also known as Magneto), a mutant who blames humanity for the death of his family during the Holocaust. Magneto does not believe that humans and mutants can live together in peace. He builds a machine that turns humans into mutants.


Filming took place from September 22, 1999 to March 3, 2000 in Toronto. Wolverine's claws required a full silicone cast of Hugh Jackman's arm, and 700 versions for Jackman and his stunt doubles.

Bryan Singer asked John Williams to compose the music for the movie, but Williams was too busy composing for "Saving Private Ryan".

The movie was one of the biggest hits of 2000. It earned more than $296 million worldwide and was the 8th highest grossing movie in the United States that year.



Kingston upon Hull

Kingston upon Hull is usually called just Hull. It is an English city.

It is the "unitary authority" for the region of Yorkshire and the Humber. The region is in the Ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire. 

The city is on the North side of the River Hull where it meets the Humber Estuary (see diagram), from the North Sea.

Hull has been a market town, military supply port, trading centre, fishing and whaling port, and industrial giant. Hull was also an early battleground in the English Civil Wars, and was the backdrop to events leading to the abolition of the slave trade in Britain. Hull was heavily damaged during the Second World War, and after a period of decline, when many factories closed; the city has started to regenerate.
The Port of Hull is one of the UK's largest goods and passenger ports.

Meaux Abbey was founded between 1150 and 1179. This is the earliest date people are known to have lived in the area.

Edward I used the port to help supply his troops when he was fighting the Scots. as a site from which to supply his troops as they engaged their northern foes

The king granted a royal charter, dated 1 April 1299, that renamed the settlement of Wyke to "King's town upon Hull", or Kingston upon Hull. The charter remains preserved in the archives of the city's Guildhall.

In 1440, a new charter allowed the town to choose a mayor, a sheriff, and twelve aldermen to run its own affairs. The charter also said that the aldermen also be justices of the peace (that is, judges) for the town and its county.

Hull's port grew busier in the Middle Ages, sending wool, cloth, and leather to north Germany, towns on the Baltic Sea, and the Low Countries, bringing back timber, wine, furs, and dyes.

Sir William de la Pole was the town's first mayor.

The town grew rich during the 16th and early 17th centuries. At this time Wilberforce House was built. It is now a museum about William Wilberforce. who campaigned to abolish the slave trade.

In 1642 Hull decided to support for Parliament and refused to let Charles I enter the town. This meant the king could not have Hull's arsenal. Named a traitor, Hotham was eventually executed, in spite of a pardon issued by Parliament. Charles I besieged the town, that is he ordered his army to surround the town and force Hull to surrender. This siege helped start the fighting in the Civil War.

Hull became a city in 1897 This was then time when the city was the richest it had ever been. Catching whales and fishing were very important. Whaling is now banned, and fishing is limited by EU rules. But Hull is still a major port sending bulk goods and commercial road traffic by RORO ferry to and from the Dutch ports of Rotterdam and Zeebrugge and on to Europe. Hull is also an important centre of food-processing for the United Kingdom.

In the Second World War much of the city centre was completely destroyed. Hull was the most severely-bombed city or town apart from London during World War II, with 95% of houses being damaged or destroyed.

Hull was hit hard by the June 2007 floods. There was standing water over a wide area affecting 20% of the city's housing and damaging 90 out of its 105 schools. But the flooding was not as dramatic as the localised flooding in Sheffield and Doncaster. Newspapers and television reported about other areas, and Hull Council leader Carl Minns said Hull was the "forgotten city" of the floods.
Damage to schools alone has been estimated at £100 million.

Kingston upon Hull's city centre is close to the Humber. The city is surrounded by the rural East Riding of Yorkshire, isolating it from the rest of the United Kingdom.

Much of Hull is on reclaimed land at or below sea level. The Hull Tidal Surge Barrier is where the River Hull joins the Humber Estuary and is lowered at times when unusually high tides are expected. It is used between 8 and 12 times per year and protects about 10,000 people from flooding.
Due to its low level, Hull is expected to be at increasing levels of risk from flooding due to global warming.

The city is quite small, but there are many villages in the metropolitan area. The largest of these suburbs is Cottingham.

Hull was a county borough in the East Riding of Yorkshire from 1889 to 1974. Then it became a non-metropolitan district of the new Humberside county. When that county was abolished in 1996 it was made a unitary authority.
The governing body of the city is now Hull City Council, based in the Guildhall in the city centre.
The council has adopted the "leader and cabinet" model. This means that most decision are made by the leader of the council and a "Cabinet"

The council was the UK's worst council in both 2004 and 2005, but is now rated as a two star "improving adequate" council after its recent "corporate performance assessment".

Hull has the following twin towns:

Hull, Massachusetts in the USA is named after this city, as is Hull, Quebec, which is part of Canada's national capital region.

Hull is the only city in the UK with its own independent telephone network company, now called KCom. On 24 May 2007, the council sold their remaining stake in the company for over £107 million.

People linked to the city include:


Riding (division)

In the United Kingdom, a riding is a division of certain large historic counties. It is usually one of three parts; the word itself comes from Old English "trithing" (itself from Old Norse "thrithjungr") which means 'third part'.

Several counties are divided into ridings, but are usually governed by a council bearing the same name as the county. However, the ridings of Yorkshire are so large that each riding was given its own county council. Thus there were county councils for the East Riding, the North Riding and the West Riding. In 1974 when all the administrative counties of England and Wales were reorganised, these councils were replaced by six new ones within Yorkshire (either wholly or in part) called North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, Cleveland, Durham and Humberside.

In Canada, a riding is a federal constituency, or "electoral division" as they are known in Canada.

Pulkkila

Pulkkila is a former municipality in Northern Finland. It was in Northern Ostrobothnia, "Pohjois-Pohjanmaa", Oulu province, Finland, and its original name (with diacritics) is Pulkkila. The population of Pulkkila is about 1,600. Pulkkila is best known for its metal works.

Since 2009, it was merged to form the new municipality of Siikalatva.

Emmental cheese

Emmental cheese (sometimes also called Emmentaler or Emmenthal) is a Swiss cheese. It first came from Switzerland. It is named after the "Emmental", the valley of a river, near Berne. Emmental cheese was first made around 1353 when Bern joined the confederacy. 

Today, most cheese-producing countries make a cheese called "Emmental cheese" - These cheeses often have little in common with the original though, except for the holes in the cheese. In 1882 was the first time, products could be protected in Europe. Already at that time, Emmentaler was made in countries other than Switzerland.

Emmental cheese is amongst the best-known types of cheese. It is made from cow's milk. Two of the features that make Emmental distinctive are its holes and sweetness. The holes are there because of the way the cheese is made with bacteria which produce the cheese and over time (usually several months) create bubbles of carbon dioxide gas.

Today, Switzerland, France, Austria, and Germany produce Emmental cheeses that have a Protected Designation of Origin. In Switzerland, Austria and Germany, untreated milk is used; most of the other countries use pasteurized milk. About 12 litres of milk are needed to make 1 kg of cheese.

Emmental is produced in loaves of 70–80 kg. Usually, Emmental cheese is left to ripen for a period of 6–7 weeks. Ripening it for 8–12 weeks gives a more spicy (salty) cheese. In Europe, about 464 200 tons of Emmental are produced each year. This means that about 6% of the total amount of milk these countries produce is used to make Emmental cheese. France is the biggest producer of Emmental. In 2005, 247 069 tons were produced there. For this, 13.1% of national milk production was used. About 19% of the production was exported.

French and Swiss people eat the most of this kind of cheese, about 3.3 kg per person per year. Germans eat about half that amount, 1.7 kg per person, per year.

Emmental is also widely used in convenience food products, because it is so widely known.


Emmental

Emmental is a part of Switzerland. It is made of low hills. Most of it is in the Canton of Berne. Its biggest rivers are the Emme and the Ilfis. The biggest localities are Burgdorf, Langnau and Huttwil. 

The landscape is mostly made of meadows. There are some forests too. Most of the people live from raising cattle (mostly cows), or from things closely related to cattle-raising. Emmental cheese has its name from this region. Langnau is known for Ceramics. Pottery from the region is also well-known.

There is also some industry. The Emmental had one of the first fully-electric railway lines in Switzerland.

Jeremias Gotthelf was a famous writer who spent most of his life in the Emmental.

2001 Pacific hurricane season

The 2001 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 2001 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 2001 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2001. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The first storm formed on May 25 and the last storm dissipated on November 3.

There were no significant storms during the 2001 Pacific hurricane season. Hurricanes Adolph and Hurricane Juliette both reached Category 4 strength, while Juliette made landfall in the Baja California peninsula as a weak Category 1 hurricane, causing two deaths.


2000 Pacific hurricane season

The 2000 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone meteorology. There were few notable storms this year. Tropical Storms Miriam, Norman, and Rosa all made landfall in Mexico with only small impacts. Hurricane Daniel for a short time, threatened the U.S. state of Hawaii while weakening. Hurricane Carlotta was the strongest storm of the year and the second strongest June hurricane in recorded history. It killed 18 people when it sank a ship.



2006 Pacific hurricane season

The 2006 Pacific hurricane season was an above normal hurricane season with 19 named storms of 11 which were hurricanes and 6 were major hurricanes it was the most active season since 2000 Pacific hurricane season It officially began May 15, 2006 in the eastern Pacific, designated as the area east of 140°W, and began on June 1 2006 in the central Pacific, which is between the International Date Line and 140°W. Both seasons officially ended on November 30, 2006. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin.

On May 27 Tropical Depression One-E formed. It became Tropical Storm Aletta later on. Aletta stalled offshore Mexico causing minor damage. Tropical Storm Aletta weakened to a tropical depression and died on May 30.

Two-E formed off shore Mexico on June 3. It died 2 days later. Two-E produced 15 inches of rain in Mexico before it died.
Bud was a Category 3 storm. It rapidly strengthened and then weakened just as fast.
Carlota caused light rain in Mexico but no damage was reported. It was a Category 1 storm.
Daniel was a long lived Major hurricane that Affected Hawaii with some rain. It peaked as a Category 4. It was the second strongest storm this year.
It caused some rain in Mexico, causing minor damage.

Fabio caused heavy rainfall in Hawaii.

Gilma produced light rain in Mexico. It was also the weakest storm so far.
Hector was a Category 2 hurricane. It made it to the Central Pacific.
Ioke was the strongest hurricane ever in the Central Pacific that threated the Johnson Atoll and Wake Island. It formed on august 20. Ioke rapidly became a major hurricane 36 hours later. Ioke went extratropical on September 6. Damage was nearly $100 million. Ioke was retired at the end of the year. It also caused heavy rain in Alaska. Ioke is the most intense storm ever in the central Pacific and the only Category 5 storm that formed in the basin.

Illena killed one person in Mexico. It peaked as a Cateogory 3 storm.

John started as Tropical Depression Eleven-E and later on became a tropical storm and then a hurricane. The hurricane peaked as a Category 4. John killed 5 when it hit Baja California as a Category 2 storm on September 1. Hurricane John died on September 4.

Kristy was a Category 1 hurricane that was outflowed by Hurricane John.
Lane caused severe damage in Mexico, when it hit there as a Category 3 major hurricane. Lane killed 4 people and left $203 million in damage.

Three-C was a short lived tropical depression that started several hundred miles southwest of Hawaii. It died the next day while no where near any land.
Norman struck Mexico as a tropical depression, causing minor damage.

Olivia did not affect land.

Four-C was a short lived tropical depression. It formed on October 13 and died the next day. The remaims of Four-C caused heavy rain in Hawaii.

Paul was a Cateogory 2 hurricane that killed 4 in Mexico.

Rosa produced light rain to Mexico in November.

Tropical Depression Twenty-E formed and died on the same day, November 11. Twenty-E did not affect any land.
Sergio was also a Cateogory 2 storm. It was also the strongest November storm.

The following names were used for named storms that formed in the northeast Pacific in 2006. This is the same list that was used in the 2000 season. There were no names retired from the northeast Pacific list. Therefore, the same list was reused in the 2012 season.

For storms that form in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, encompassing the area between 140 degrees west and the International Date Line, all names are used in a series of four rotating lists. The next four names that were slated for use in 2006 are shown below, however only the name Ioke was used.

The name "Ioke" was retired from the north-central Pacific list by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2007 and replaced with "Iopa". During the 61st Interdepartmental Hurricane Conference, the Hawaii State Civil Defense requested the retirement of the name "Daniel", citing that the storm had become memorable due to threat of damage. However, the request was denied, as the name remains on the tropical cyclone naming list.
This is a table of all the storms that formed in the 2006 Pacific hurricane season. It includes their duration, names, landfall(s), denoted in parentheses, damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but were still related to that storm. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all the damage figures are in 2006 USD.


1997 Pacific hurricane season

The 1997 Pacific hurricane season was a yearly event in tropical cyclone meteorology. Storms in this season caused hundreds of deaths and billions of dollars in damage.

Tropical Depression One-E formed June 1. The next day, it became Tropical Storm Andres. After a brief period of a normal track, Andres was picked up, becoming the first named storm to threaten Central America since Simone in 1968. It then turned to the southeast and went along the coast. This was the first time any East Pacific storm had taken such a path. Andres weakened to a depression and made landfall near San Salvador on June 7. The only casualties were two fishermen who were reported missing.

Tropical Depression Two-E formed June 9 and strengthened into Tropical Storm Blanca six hours later. It moved northwest and briefly threatened land on June 10 as warnings and watches were established. Then, a ridge of high pressure turned Blanca away from the coast. Despite moving over warm waters, a weakening trend unexpectedly began, and Blanca was downgraded to a depression. and Blanca lost its circulation shortly after being downgraded to tropical depression status on June 12. 
A tropical wave that drifted across the shear-ridden Atlantic emerged into the Pacific Ocean on July 27. It organized into a depression July 30 and was named Tropical Storm Guillermo the next day. It quickly intensified, reaching hurricane status on August 1. Guillermo became a major hurricane on August 2. It reached Category 4 intensity on August 3 before weakening slightly and restrengthening. The hurricane attained Category 5 strength August 4. Guillermo's peak intensity was 919 mbar (919 hPa) and .

Guillermo then weakened slowly, becoming a tropical storm on August 8. It crossed 140°W and entered the Central Pacific. It weakened to a depression late August 10 but restrengthened back into a storm 24 hours later when it encountered a small area of warm water. It weakened to a depression for the second and final time August 15 and lost tropical characteristics early the next day.

Guillermo's remnants recurved over the far northern Pacific. They were tracked to a point west of Vancouver Island. The remnants hung on for a few more days and drifted south before being absorbed by a mid-latitude cyclone August 24 off the coast of California.

A depression formed from an area of disturbed weather on August 17. The depression organized into a tropical storm 12 hours later. Ignacio's location of tropical cyclogenesis was farther north and west of where most East Pacific tropical cyclones form. Steering currents pulled Ignacio north, where it encountered wind shear and cooler waters. Ignacio lost tropical characteristics August 19. The extratropical cyclone was absorbed by Gulermeno and another extratropical cyclone.

It brought gusty winds to California coastal waters before dissipating. Damage is at $50 million. The rainfall caused a power outages as well as the worst rain since Hurricane Kathleen in 1976. Ignacio passed directly over the San Francisco Bay Area which is where the worst effects were felt.

A tropical disturbance that had meandered south of Johnston Atoll organized into Tropical Depression Two-C on September 2. Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Oliwa (Hawaiian for Oliver) as it slowly moved towards the west. It crossed the dateline late on September 3 and entered the Joint Typhoon Warning Center's Area of Responsibility.

Oliwa passed south of Wake on September 6, where it caused heavy rains but no damage. On September 7, Oliwa started a period of rapid strengthening, becoming a typhoon September 8 and a Super Typhoon 8 hours later. Oliwa stayed at that intensity for over two days. While still a strong super typhoon, Oliwa passed near the Northern Marianas Islands. It then started weakening as it curved towards Japan. It made landfall as a minimal typhoon September 16. It quickly dissipated later that same day. Oliwa caused "damage and several fatalities" in Japan. 

A tropical depression formed south of Manzanillo September 9. It rapidly intensified, becoming a hurricane early September 11. It became a major hurricane later that day. The deepening continued, and Linda reached Category 5 intensity the next day. It broke Hurricane Ava's long-standing intensity record. That record had stood for over 24 years. Linda reached peak intensity on September 12. Linda's intensity record still stood as of 2005. Linda then started weakening. On September 15, it was downgraded to a tropical storm. On September 17, it fell to a depression, and dissipated early September 18.

In California, Linda was responsible for 8 deaths and $68 million in damage. Five people were drowned in a jetty. Flash floods caused 3 deaths and mudslides destroyed millions many homes and $68 million in damage. The Southwest would get devastated again by Hurricane Nora weeks later.
Hurricane Nora was the first hurricane to be a significant danger to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976. Part of a tropical wave that contributed to the formation of Hurricane Erika in the Atlantic moved into the Pacific and organized into Tropical Depression 16-E on September 16 and Tropical Storm Nora that same day. Nora became a hurricane in a favourable environment on September 18 while moving northwest. Its motion then stalled over an upwelling of cooler water that weakened it. On September 20, Nora again started moving. It reached its peak intensity of 115 knots and 950 mb On September 21 and 22 it moved over the wake of Hurricane Linda. This weakened the storm back down to a Category 1. During this time, a trough developed that turned Nora to the northeast. This carried Nora over a favourable environment and towards Baja California. After restrengthening slightly, Nora made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near Punta Eugenia and again south of San Fernando, both times as a hurricane.

Nora stayed a tropical storm as it moved into the United States. Yuma reported sustained gale-force winds. Rains were heavy, sometimes exceeding the "annual" rainfall for the area. Nora weakened to a depression while over California, and it dissipated September 26. Nora killed two people in Mexico. One was killed by a downed power line in Mexicali, and the other was a scuba diver in underwater currents. No one in the United States was directly killed by Nora. The California Highway Patrol attributed several traffic accident deaths to the weather. There was extensive damage to areas hit by Nora. Waves ruined dozens of homes. Roughly 350 to 400 people were left homeless in San Felipe, and winds uprooted trees and peeled roofs from homes in Puerto Peñasco.

Olaf was a weak but persistent tropical storm that made two landfalls and took an erratic path. A tropical depression formed September 26, was upgraded a tropical storm at the next advisory, and immediately moved north. On September 29, Olaf made landfall near Salina Cruz. Olaf dissipated, and the remnants moved far out to sea. During later reanalysis, Olaf was found to be a tropical depression during most of this time, but at the time was considered dissipated.

Olaf's remnants reformed, and started moving southeast on October 5. Olaf then turned to the north, and on October 12 made a second landfall near Manzanillo. Olaf dissipated, and the remnants moved out to sea.

There were a few reports of damage. Three fishing boats were missing near Acapulco, and there was flooding in Mexico and Guatemala. Most of Olaf's damage was from its first landfall.

Hurricane Pauline was the deadliest storm of the season. Landslides and flooding caused by it killed hundreds of people.

Tropical depression Eighteen-E formed October 5 and briefly moved to the east before turning to the northwest. In a favourable environment, the cyclone intensified rapidly, reaching a peak of 115 knots and a central pressure of 948 mb. It weakened slightly before peaking again.

Interaction with land weakened Pauline a bit, and the hurricane made landfall on October 9 in a thinly populated area. Accelerating, Pauline paralleled the coast for a day before dissipating on October 10 while over Jalisco.

There are no known damages from wind or storm surge. Heavy rains affected Oaxaca and Guerrero, causing catastrophic loss of life around Acapulco. Mudslides and flooding was widespread, leaving thousands homeless and at least 230 dead. The Red Cross reported that 400 were dead, but this was disputed by Mexican officials. Pauline was Mexico's deadliest Pacific hurricane since Hurricane Liza in the 1976 season.

Hurricane Rick was the first November formation since the 1991 season. A tropical wave acquired enough organization to be called a tropical depression on November 7. It moved north before a trough of low pressure turned it to the northeast. It was named on November 8, and was upgraded to a hurricane the next day. It reached its peak intensity of 80 knots and 973 mb November 9. Rick made landfall in Oaxaca— the same place devastated by Hurricane Pauline one month earlier— and quickly weakened, dissipating early November 11.

There were no deaths from Rick. Trees were downed and recently repaired roads were washed out.
Tropical Depression Five-C formed December 2, two days after the season ended. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Paka (Hawaiian for Pat) while west of Palmyra Atoll. After drifting east, it reversed direction. As it moved west, dry air and wind shear disrupted its development until it crossed the dateline on December 6.

After entering the Western Pacific, the environment rapidly became more favourable and Paka's strengthening quickened. It became a typhoon on December 10 and passed near Kwajalein with winds of 100 knots. It strengthened further, twice reaching Category 5 intensity. While close to maximum intensity, Paka passed close to Guam on December 17 and 18, causing "major damage". Afterwards, Paka encountered a hostile environment and had completely dissipated by the evening of December 21.


1987 Pacific hurricane season

The 1987 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1987 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1987 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1987. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Despite there being twenty cyclones, there were very few notable storms this year. Only three storms came anywhere near to threatening land. Hurricane Eugene was the first Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico in July since at least the 1949 season. Tropical Storm Pilar and Hurricane Norma also came close to land. The remnants of Hurricanes Ramon and Norma caused rain in the Continental United States. Elsewhere, Peke was a central north Pacific hurricane that crossed the dateline and became a typhoon.



1976 Pacific hurricane season

The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone formation. Hurricanes Kathleen, Liza, and Madeline are the most notable storms this year. Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona because of flooding. Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico. Hurricane Madeline is notable for being the second-most intense Pacific hurricane at landfall.

Kathleen was a costly and damaging storm mainly in Nevada, California and Arizona. It also killed 7 people.

Liza was very deadly and the third deadliest ever behind Hurricane Paul and the Mexico hurricane.
Madeline became the third storm in the row to make landfall in Mexico. It was also the most intense.


Kronosaurus

Kronosaurus was a large pliosaur, one of the largest. It is named after the leader of the Greek Titans, Kronos. It lived in the Lower Cretaceous.

Body-length estimates, based on the 1959 Harvard reconstruction, had put the total length of "Kronosaurus" at 12.8 meters (42 feet). However, a recent study compared fossil specimens of "Kronosaurus" to other pliosaurs. The Harvard reconstruction may have included too many vertebrae, exaggerating its length. Its true length was probably only 9–10.9 meters (30–36 feet).


Riding

Riding has many meanings:

Fermat number

A Fermat number is a special positive number. Fermat numbers are named after Pierre de Fermat. The formula that generates them is

where "n" is a nonnegative integer. The first nine Fermat numbers are :

As of 2007, only the first 12 Fermat numbers have been completely factored. (written as a product of prime numbers) These factorizations can be found at Prime Factors of Fermat Numbers.

If 2 + 1 is prime, and "n" > 0, it can be shown that "n" must be a power of two. Every prime of the form 2 + 1 is a Fermat number, and such primes are called Fermat primes. The only known Fermat primes are "F"...,"F".


Today, Fermat numbers can be used to generate random numbers, between 0 and some value N, which is a power of 2. 

Fermat, when he was studying these numbers, conjectured that all Fermat numbers were prime. This was proven to be wrong by Leonhard Euler, who factorised formula_2 in 1732.

Blowup

Blowup is a 1966 British drama movie set in London. It was nominated for two Academy Award and won a Grand Prix award. It is directed by Italian movie director Michelangelo Antonioni and written by Antonioni, Toni Guerra and Edward Bond. It starred David Hemmings and Vanessa Redgrave. Carlo Ponti produced the movie. This was Antonioni's first English language movie.

Improper rotation

An improper rotation can be understood as an inversion followed by a proper rotation. 

Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis. Therefore it is also called a rotoinversion or rotary inversion.

A simple example of an improper rotation in 3D (but not in 2D) is a coordinate inversion: x goes to −x, y to −y and z to −z. Under this transformation, a and b go to −a and −b (by the definition of a vector), but p clearly does not change. (It follows that any improper rotation multiplies p by −1 compared to the rotation's effect on a true vector.)

Inverse

Inverse or Inversion could mean:







Endorphins

Endorphins are natural chemicals in the body that fight pain. Endorphins are released when a person gets hurt, but also during exercise, laughter or sex. In addition to blocking pain, endorphins can make people happy.

Endorphins resemble drugs like morphine, so when scientists first discovered these chemicals in the 1970s, they called them "endogenous morphine". Since then, scientists have identified and named five different types of endorphins, all of which occur naturally in the body. Endorphins can also be found in most animals.

They are produced by the central nervous system and the pituitary gland. Their name has two parts: "endo-" and "-orphin"; these are short forms of the words "endogenous" and "morphine". They mean "a morphine-like substance from within the body". Endorphins are three compounds which bind to receptors. The main function of endorphins is to inhibit the communication of pain signals. They may also produce a feeling of euphoria very similar to that produced by other opioids.

Four types of endorphins are created in the human body. They are named "alpha" (α), "beta" (β), "gamma" (γ) and "sigma" (σ) endorphins. The four types have different numbers and types of amino acids in their molecules; they have between 16 and 31 amino acids in each molecule.

Beta-endorphins (β-endorphins) are the most powerful endorphins in the body. They are usually in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. More endorphins are released in the pituitary gland during times of pain or stress. Exercise increases the endorphin release too. For the same reason, exercise results in a better mood.

Met-enkephalin and leu-enkephalin are in the brain stem and spinal cord; they are the pain killers of the spinal cord. Both of them have 16- 31 amino acids in their structure; the first four are similar, but the last one is different.

All of the endorphins bind to the opioid receptors in the brain. Many of the analgesic (pain killer) drugs have a similar action in the brain. The main difference between the natural endorphins and the analgesic drugs is that natural endorphins are cleared from the blood very quickly. Endorphins are also involved in the release of sex hormones in the pituitary gland. Also, scientists think that acupuncture results in the release of more endorphins. Endorphins may have a role in obesity, diabetes and psychiatric diseases too.

The term 'endorphin rush' is sometimes used in normal speech to refer to a feeling of wellness caused by exercise, danger or stress. However, it is not a medical term, and it is not proven that higher endorphin production after exercise really has a role in the wellness feeling.

Another term which is commonly used is 'runner's high'. It refers to the feeling being "high" (full of energy and wellness) after exercise. It is commonly said that the "high" is a result of the release of bigger amounts of endorphins in the body during the exercise. However, some scientists think this feeling is caused by the challenge, and is not related to endorphin release.

For example, in some studies a drug was given to people which blocked the effect of endorphins. These people still felt the runner's high; it means this feeling is not caused by the release of endorphins in the blood. Another study was performed in 2004, which showed this feeling is related to a different body chemical named "anandamide". is not an endorphine but is an endocannabinoid, similar to one of the chemicals in marijuana and chocolate.


Team Fortress 2

Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is a free-to-play multiplayer first-person shooter video game. It is made by Valve Corporation, who develops and publishes the game.
The game has nine characters, called classes. Players can choose which one of these classes they want to play, and can change classes in the middle of a round. There are many different game modes, such as Payload, which has one team pushing a cart along a track while the other team tries to stop them, and a version of Capture the Flag, where players must capture a briefcase with important papers. The game is set in 1968, in an alternate history. The game also takes inspiration from many famous spy movies and TV shows, taking elements from James Bond, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., and "Get Smart".
The game was first released in October of 2007 in "The Orange Box", a package with "Half Life 2", "Portal" and "Team Fortress 2". It was later released separately for the Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac computers. It became free to play on June 23, 2011.

"Team Fortress 2" has nine classes. The classes are split into groups of three, which are offense, and support. Each class has its own strengths and weaknesses, causing the classes to rely on each other to win, promoting teamwork. Also, each class can change their weapons to different ones that they find over time or make from scrap metal. For example, the Soldier could change his normal rocket launcher into 'The Direct Hit.' It shoots faster, stronger rockets at the cost of having a smaller explosion size. In general, the different weapons are not upgrades, but rather 'side-grades.' They are better at certain times, while worse at other times.

The offensive classes are the "Scout", the "Soldier", and the "Pyro". These classes have abilities that make them best suited for attacking the other team, but also easy to kill.

"The Scout" is a young man from Boston with an interest in baseball. He is the fastest runner in the game, making him a good class to use in capture the flag, as he can run in, grab the enemy team's briefcase, and run out. He also captures control points at twice the speed of any other class. However, he is also tied for the lowest health of any class. His default weapons include a scattergun, a pistol, and a baseball bat. He is excellent at killing Medics and Demomen.

"The Soldier" is a middle-aged man from the American midwest. His main weapon is a rocket launcher which he can use to blow up enemies, or, if fired at his own feet, can be used to make him jump very high. This is called 'rocket jumping.' Rocket jumping will hurt the Soldier, though, and if he is low on health, it could kill him. Rocket jumping can also make the Soldier move forward very fast, sometimes even faster than the Scout. Soldier also uses shotguns and shovels to attack. The Soldier is a good offensive class but he cannot move very fast and is easy to hit. The Soldier has a large amount of health, the second highest of all the classes.

"The Pyro" is a character wearing a full-body rubber suit and gas mask, so nobody knows their race, age, or gender. They also speak in a muffled voice so nobody knows what they're really saying. Pyro's main weapon is a flamethrower, used to set enemies on fire. Once an enemy is set on fire, they will burn for several seconds, meaning they can die even if they have killed the Pyro that set them on fire. This is called "Afterburn". For backup, they have a shotgun and a fire axe. The Pyro is good for checking for Spies using their flamethrower. This is called "Spy-checking". Pyros can help against Übercharged players by pushing them back with an "air blast" or "compression blast". The air blast can also reflect projectiles, such as grenades or rockets, back at the enemy team, which will inflict bonus damage. They are weak at long range. The Pyro has a good amount of both health and speed, though can run out of ammo quickly if players don't find ammo drops fast enough.

The defensive classes are the "Demoman", the "Heavy Weapons Guy", and the "Engineer". The abilities of these classes make them best for defending things their team needs, such as control points, briefcases, and carts.

"The Demoman", short for Demolition Man, is a black Scotsman with an eyepatch. His main weapons are a grenade launcher and sticky bombs. Grenades will explode immediately if you hit a player before the grenade hits the ground, or a few seconds after being shot if they do not hit anything. Sticky bombs can stick to walls and then be set off by the Demoman when an enemy gets close. The Demoman can also replace his sticky launcher for a shield. The shield lets the Demoman charge forward at high speeds, and do more damage with his close-ranged weapon. His close-range weapon is a bottle of whiskey. The Demoman is a very strong class. His sticky bombs do great damage, and can be used to 'sticky jump' much like how a Soldier can rocket jump. Also like the Soldier, the Demoman is good in most situations. He is an easy target for Scouts, however.

"The Heavy Weapons Guy", also known as the Heavy, is a middle-aged man from the Soviet Union who is built like a tank. Because of his large size, he has the highest health of all the classes, but is the slowest runner and is a huge target. His main weapon is a minigun which he named Sasha and treats like a person. The minigun does by far the most damage at close range of any gun in the game, due to its high fire rate and damage. It uses a lot of ammunition very quickly, so if he runs out, he can use his shotgun for close range kills or his fists to punch his enemies. The Heavy is great at close range or in small, cramped places. Spies and Snipers are useful for killing Heavies because they are capable of doing high damage instantly with backstabs (Spy) and headshots (Sniper). At close range, the Heavy will usually win one-on-one fights unless he is surprised.

"The Engineer" is a middle-aged man from Bee Cave, Texas with 11 Ph.D.s. His main use is to make buildings. His first building, the Sentry Gun, is a non-moving gun that targets enemies and shoots automatically. It can be improved to have more health and firepower. His next building is the Dispenser, which gives teammates nearby health and ammo. Finally, he can also build teleporters, which is a building that can teleport teammates from the first link to the second link, however enemies cannot go through the teleporters. However, disguised Spy's can enter these teleporters. The Engineer also has a shotgun, pistol, and a wrench to defend himself. His Sentries are great for stopping anything short of an Übercharged player. The Engineer himself is weak, and poorly placed Sentries can be blown up by experienced Soldiers and Demomen. Spies are the most lethal to an engineer due to their sappers.

Finally, the supporting classes are the "Medic", the "Sniper", and the "Spy". Their abilities are there to help the team, so they do not typically engage in direct combat, but can if they must.

"The Medic" is an older man from Stuttgart, Germany. His main duty is healing the other classes. He has a machine called the Medigun which, when pointed at a teammate, slowly restores their health. He can also 'overheal' players, which gives them more health than they can normally have. This overheal slowly fades over time. After healing for a few minutes, the Medic is able to use an Übercharge, which makes him and his heal target invincible for a few seconds. For defense, the Medic has a bone saw and a gun that shoots syringes. The Medic is a very powerful teammate, but is easy to kill at the same time. Since he loses almost every direct fight, he usually stays with a teammate who he heals, which game-socially is called a 'Medic Buddy' or 'Pocket'. This Pocket player's job is to keep the Medic safe. The Pocket is usually a Heavy, Soldier, or Demoman due to their large health and firepower.

"The Sniper" is an Australian middle-aged man. His main weapon is a sniper rifle. He often stays in one area away from the main battlefield and shoots enemies from a distance using careful aim. He also has a sword and a sub-machine gun he can use in close combat. The Sniper is very good at killing the enemy Medics, Heavies, and Engineers. While using his sniper rifle, he can focus his aim to charge his shot, dealing more damage. An uncharged shot to the head does 150 damage. Only Pyros, Demomen, Soldiers, and Heavies can survive this without an overheal. A fully charged shot to the head deals 450 damage, enough to kill even an overhealed Heavy.

"The Spy" is a French man. His main asset is stealth. He has a watch which makes him invisible for short periods of time, and a cigarette case with disguises in it. He can disguise as any member of the other team to trick them into thinking he's a teammate. This disguise also tricks Sentry Guns built by Engineers. However, there are ways to find and kill spies, commonly called "spy-checks". The Spy can also place 'sappers' on enemy buildings, damaging them and disabling them until an Engineer can remove the sapper. For combat, he has a revolver and a knife. The knife allows the Spy to kill an enemy instantly if he stabs them in the back, but deals 40 from any other angle. He is useful for killing Medics, Heavies, Engineers, and Snipers. The Pyro is able to easily stop him, as even when he turns invisible or is disguised, players can still see the fire on him. The Spy is considered a "pick class", meaning he is very dispensable but also very useful to get certain kills. 

There are several different ways the game can be played, each with different goals for the two opposing teams. For all games, players are split into the RED and BLU teams. RED stands for Reliable Excavation and Demolition. Players on this team have red uniforms. Buildings owned by the RED team are also usually red and made of wood. BLU stands for Builders League United. Players on this team wear blue uniforms. Buildings owned by the BLU team are usually blue and made of concrete.

The Payload game mode has the offensive team pushing a cart with a bomb on it along a track while the defending team tries to stop them. If the offensive team cannot get the cart to the end of the track before the time limit runs out, they lose. If they are successful, the defending team's base is blown up and leads to a victory. Along the track are Checkpoints. Each Checkpoint the offensive team pushes the cart over will give them extra time to get the cart to the end of the track.

Valve later added a race mode to Payload maps, where both teams push a cart along a track to the other team's base. The team that gets the cart to the other team's base first wins.

Control Point maps involve both teams attacking and defending the opposing team's Control Points. A Control Point is a circle on the ground that glows the color of the team that has captured it. Control Points are captured by standing on them for a certain length of time. There are three kinds of Control Point maps. 

Standard Control Point, or Linear Control Point, maps play symmetrically. Both teams start with two controlled points, and a central point starts out neutral. The team that captures all control points wins. Traditional Control Point maps will go into Sudden Death (or Stalemate) if no team captures all the control points before times runs out. Control points closer to a team's spawn point are captured more quickly by the enemy team.

Attack/Defend maps play asymmetrically. RED begins with all the points in their control. BLU wins if it captures all of RED's points, but RED wins if the timer runs out before BLU can capture them all. Points may only be captured in a set order (though some maps, such as Gravel Pit and Steel, may make exceptions). RED wins if it prevents BLU from capturing all points before the timer expires. Points captured by BLU are typically locked and cannot be captured again by RED.

In Territorial Control, the goal is to take over the entire map by capturing "territories". Each game is randomly selected from the six available layouts in a 'point against point' game where both teams must capture the opposite point while defending their own. After a team successfully captures the opposite point, the next round takes place in a different area of the map which is also randomly selected. After a team captures all four territories, that team must capture the enemy team's base. If the base point is captured (in Hydro, the Radar Dish for RED, the Power Plant for BLU), the attacking team wins the game. When the next round begins, territories are reset and a new random layout is selected. The Territorial Control game mode is not very popular amongst players.

In Domination Control Point, maps play symmetrically. Both teams start with no controlled points, and all points start out neutral. The team that captures all control points wins. Traditional Control Point maps will go into Sudden Death (or Stalemate) if no team captures all the control points before times runs out. Unlike Standard Control Point, once a team has all three points they win regardless of how much capture progress the other team has. There is currently only one

In Capture the Flag mode, the map is split into two nearly identical bases; one for each team. Both bases have a briefcase in them. The goal is for one team to grab the other team's briefcase and bring it back to their own base, while defending their own briefcase. You must capture the enemy intelligence 3 times in order to win the game, but server modifications can alter the number. When a player carrying the briefcase is killed, the intelligence is on the ground and returns to its base after a 60 second time period. The player who dropped the intelligence or his team can pick up the briefcase before it returns and still capture it. If a player drops the intelligence by falling into a bottomless pit, it automatically returns to its base. The briefcase can also be manually dropped.

In King of the Hill mode, two teams fight to gain control over one point which is in the center of the map. When one team captures the point, they must defend it for three minutes to win. During this time, the enemy team can attack and capture the point too. This happens over and over again until one team successfully holds the point for three minutes in total. It is not needed to hold the point for three minutes at one time.

In Arena mode, two teams fight to the death. Once a team is completely wiped out, the other team wins. There is no respawning in Arena mode. Another way to win is to capture the control point that activates until one minute in the match. Once this point is captured by a team, that team wins.

Medieval Mode is just like Attack/Defend except that there are no guns allowed in Medieval mode. Players can use melee weapons and weapons that don't have firepower but cannot use guns, rocket launchers, flame throwers, stickybomb launchers, or grenade launchers. So far, there is only one official Medieval Mode map, which is DeGroot Keep, which is a huge medieval-type castle with many entrances and halls. A certain loadout for Demoman, commonly called a "Demoknight build" from the fan-base, is useful for this map because of his high-damage swords.

Special Delivery is a Game Mode released as part of the Pyromania Update. Like Capture the Flag gamemode, an initially neutral briefcase of Australium must be transported to Poopy Joe's rocket before the opposing team can do the same. If a player picks up the Australium and is killed while holding it, only players from the same team as the dead briefcase carrier can pick it up again. If the team fails to do so within a few seconds, the briefcase is sent back to its original position. The player who has hold of the Australium must be on the platform that is raised to the compartment at the head of the rocket and must stay on the platform as the Australium is placed into the compartment, launching the rocket and winning the round. There is currently only one official Special Delivery map, and that is Doomsday.

In Mann vs. Machine (commonly abbreviated as MvM), a team of six players (all wearing RED uniforms) must stop hordes of robots divided into waves from deploying a portable bomb into their base. When a robot is destroyed, it drops an in-game currency known as "credits." Players can pick up these credits before they disappear and use them to buy upgrades for their weapons and themselves that are gamemode-exclusive. Some weapon upgrades include more damage, faster firing speed, more ammo, etc. Some player upgrades include faster speed, higher jump height, health regeneration, etc. There are different kinds of robots with different weapons and abilities. Some robots are known as "Giants." A giant normally has far better weapons and abilities than their normal counterparts.

There is a special type of MvM known as "Mann Up" mode. In Mann Up mode, players complete "Tours" using "Tour of Duty Tickets" or "Squad Surplus Vouchers" they have bought from the online store, known as the Mann Co. Store. Each "Operation" has a specific number of Tours in them. Finish all the waves in a Tour and all the Tours to complete the Operation. Different Tours are for different skill levels and have different robots. Completing Tours and Operations will give the players "loot" or special in-game cosmetic items players use to customize their character. In Mann Up mode, the gameplay (upgrades, maps, robots) are the same in standard MvM.

In PASS Time, There are three matches. Two teams fight to score a goal with a ball known as the JACK. There are 3 goals. Run in goals, Throw in goals and Bonus goals. When a team scores a goal at the enemy team's Run in or Throw in goals, They give The scoring team 1 point. If a team scores a goal at the enemy team's Bonus goal, Always shown as tall towers, The scoring team gets 3 points and the Bonus goal closes. Players are able to Pass to other players in order to get the Bonus goals open on both sides. Passes can also be interrupted by enemy players. The first team to score 5 points wins the round. If a team wins 2 matches, they win the entire game. In PASS time, there are only 4 maps.

Valve Corporation posted several animations using their Source Film Maker (commonly abbreviated as SFM) program from 2009 to 2012. Each one of these videos are short skits using humorous depictions of the 9 Team Fortress 2 classes in their real lives, and out in battle. Some of these videos have been viewed many times with, "Meet The Medic", at 57 Million views. And, "Meet The Spy", at 30 Million views, and more.

The original "Team Fortress" was developed by Robin Walker and John Cook. This early version of "Team Fortress" was a free mod for the 1996 PC game "Quake". In 1998, Walker and Cook were employed by Valve. At the time, Valve just released its first game, "Half-Life." Valve began developing "Team Fortress 2" as a separate retail game using one of Valve's own game engines, GoldSrc. In 1999, Valve released "Team Fortress Classic," a port of the original "Team Fortress," as a free "Half-Life" mod. "Team Fortress Classic" was developed using the publicly available "Half-Life" software development kit as an example to the community and industry of the flexibility of the "Half-Life" game.

Unlike the original "Team Fortress," Valve originally planned "Team Fortress 2" to have a modern war theme. It would feature a command hierarchy including a Commander class, parachute drops over enemy territory, networked voice communication, and many other unique features. The Commander class played similarly to a real-time strategy game, with the player viewing the game from a bird's-eye perspective and issuing orders to players and AI-controlled soldiers.

"Team Fortress 2" was first shown at the trade event E3 1999. At E3 1999, Valve had showcased new technologies that they had developed while making "Team Fortress 2". This included parametric animation, which blended animations for smoother, more lifelike movement. The game also showcased Intel's multi-resolution mesh technology, which increased performance for the game by reducing detail of on-screen elements that are far away from the screen. The game earned several awards including Best Online Game and Best Action Game.

In mid-2000, Valve announced that "Team Fortress 2" had been delayed for a second time. They stated that they delayed "Team Fortress 2" because they were going to make Team Fortress 2 run on an engine they own, the Source engine. After their official announcement of the delay of "Team Fortress 2", Valve stopped releasing information about the game. Later, the game entered six years of silent development. Walker and Cook worked on various other Valve projects; Walker was project lead on "" and Cook became a Steam developer. 

"Team Fortress 2" became a prominent example of vaporware. It was a long-anticipated game that had seen years of development, and was often mentioned alongside another much-delayed game, "Duke Nukem Forever." Walker later stated that Valve built "three to four" different versions of "Team Fortress 2" before settling on their final design. Shortly before the release of "Half-Life 2" in 2004, Valve's marketing director Doug Lombardi confirmed that "Team Fortress 2" was still in development. Valve reintroduced "Team Fortress 2" at the July 2006 EA Summer Showcase event with a much different visual design"."

Valve reintroduced "Team Fortress 2" at the July 2006 EA Summer Showcase event with a much different visual design. Instead of having realistic visual design like other Valve games, "Team Fortress 2" features a cartoon-like visual style influenced by 20th-century commercial illustrations and the artwork of J. C. Leyendecker, Dean Cornwell, and Norman Rockwell, achieved through a visual technique called Gooch shading. "Team Fortress 2" was first launched with the Source engine's new dynamic lighting, shadowing and soft particle technologies, and gave the same visual enhancements to "", another one of their games. "Team Fortress 2" was the first game to use the Source engine's new Facial Animation 3 features.

Valve abandoned the realistic style when it became impossible to balance it with the unrealistic gameplay. For example, it is not realistic to have opposing armies to construct heavily detailed bases directly next to each other. The Commander class was abandoned because players would simply refuse to follow the player's orders.

Valve designed each character, team, and equipped weapon to be easy to identify, even at long range. For example, the coloring draws attention to the chest area, bringing focus on the equipped weapon. The voices for each of the classes were based on imagining what people from the 1960s would expect the classes to have sounded like, according to writer Chet Faliszek.

The map design has an "evil genius" theme. In typical maps, there are colored enemy buildings on opposite sides of the two enemies. Enemy buildings have a complex set of pathways that the player must go through to reach the objectives. These buildings are often concealed within various other constructed objects in between. Between each enemy side, maps are usually separated by a neutrally themed space. The bases hide exaggerated super weapons such as laser cannons, nuclear warheads, and missile launch facilities, taking the role of objectives. The maps are designed to have little visual clutter and have a theme, as well as have enough careful attention to effective visual design while still allowing enemies to be spotted more easily. This is achieved by using "impressionist modeling". The textures used in-game are based on photos that are filtered and improved by hand, making them look visually appealing and giving "Team Fortress 2" its distinct look. The bases are designed to let players immediately know where they are. RED bases use warm colors (e.g. red), natural materials, and angular shapes (e.g. circles). On the other hand, BLU bases use cool colors (e.g. blue), industrial materials, and orthogonal shapes (e.g. squares).

During the July 2006 Electronic Arts press conference, Valve revealed that "Team Fortress 2" would arrive as the multiplayer component of "The Orange Box". In a conference trailer, the whimsical new visual style of "Team Fortress 2" of all nine mercenary classes were shown. Managing director of Valve Gabe Newell said that the company's goal was to create "the best looking and best-playing class-based multiplayer game". On September 17, 2007, a beta release of the entire game was released to Steam. On the same date, a the same beta release of the entire "Team Fortress 2" game was made available for customers who had pre-purchased "The Orange Box", as well as for customers who had activated their "Black Box" coupon. The "Black Box" coupon was included with the ATI HD 2900XT Graphics cards. The beta of "Team Fortress 2" was also given to members of Valve's Cyber Café Program. The beta continued until the game's final release.

The game was released on October 10, 2007, both as a standalone product via Steam and at retail stores as part of "The Orange Box" compilation pack. Both the Steam version and the retail "The Orange Box" compilation packs were priced at each gaming platform's recommended retail price. "The Orange Box" also contains "Half-Life 2", "Half-Life 2: Episode One", "Half-Life 2: Episode Two", and "Portal". Valve offered "The Orange Box" at a ten percent discount for those who pre-purchased it on Steam before the October 10 release, as well as the opportunity to participate in the beta test.

Big Black

Big Black was an American punk rock band. The band formed in 1981 with Steve Albini playing all of the instruments and a drum machine for percussion.

Big Black's music was very loud and distorted. Many Big Black songs are about violence.






Company of Heroes

Company of Heroes is a strategy video game where you control soldiers in order to win. It is based on World War II.

Game &amp; Watch

The Game & Watch is a series of small, hand-held video games made by Gunpei Yokoi of Nintendo from 1980 to 1991. The games were usually simplistic (For example, "Chef" required keeping food in the air). The Game & Watch was invented before the Game Boy. Until 1985 with the Nintendo Entertainment System, the Game & Watch was Nintendo's only foothold in the North American video game market.

 is the main character in Game & Watch that also appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl."

Fecundity

Fecundity, coming from the word "fecund", generally means the ability to reproduce. 

In biology and demography, fecundity is the ability to reproduce of an organism or population, measured by the number of gametes (eggs), seed set or asexual propagules. Fecundity is under both genetic and environmental control, and is the major measure of biological fitness. "Fecundation" is another term for fertilisation. 

Fecundity can increase or decrease in a population according to current conditions and certain regulating factors. For instance, in times of hardship for a population such as a lack of food, juvenile and eventually adult fecundity may decrease. 

In the philosophy of science, 'fecundity' refers to the ability of a scientific theory to open new lines of theoretical inquiry. Here, the original meaning is extended by analogy.


Séan T. O'Kelly

Seán Thomas O'Kelly (; 25 August 1882 – 23 November 1966) was the second President of Ireland from 1945 to 1959. He was a member of Dáil Éireann from 1918 until he became President. In the Dáil he was Minister for Local Government (1932–1939) and Minister for Finance (1939–1945). O'Kelly was Vice-President of the Executive Council from 1932 until 1937 and was the first Tánaiste of Éire from 1937 until 1945.

O'Kelly was born in Dublin on Capel Street in the north inner-city Dublin. He joined the National Library of Ireland in 1898 as a junior assistant. The same year, he joined the Gaelic League, becoming a member of the governing body in 1910 and General Secretary in 1915.

In 1905 O'Kelly joined Sinn Féin. Sinn Féin then wanted a dual-monarchy. He was an honorary secretary of the party from 1908 until 1925. In 1906 he was elected to Dublin Corporation, which was Dublin's city council. He stayed until 1924.

Pádraig Pearse made O'Kelly his helper when Pearse was getting ready for the Easter Rising.

After the Easter Rising in 1916, O'Kelly was put in jail, released, and put in jail again. He escaped from jail in Fairfield in the UK, and came back to Ireland.

O'Kelly was elected Sinn Féin MP for College Green in the 1918 British general election. Along with other Sinn Féin MPs he refused to take his seat in the British House of Commons. Instead they set up an Irish parliament, called Dáil Éireann, in Dublin. O'Kelly wasCeann Comhairle(Chairman) of the First Dáil. He was the Irish Republic's envoy to the post-World War One peace treaty negotiations at Versailles, but the other countries refused to allow him to speak, because they did not recognise the Irish Republic

O'Kelly was a close friend of Éamon de Valera, and both he and de Valera opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty of December 1921.

When de Valera resigned as President of the Irish Republic on 6 January 1922, O'Kelly returned from Paristo try to ask de Valera to return to the presidency. A de Valera was very angry and ordered O'Kelly to return to Paris.

During the Irish Civil War, O'Kelly was in jail until December 1923. Afterwards he spent the next two years as a Sinn Féin envoy to the United States.

In 1926 when de Valera left Sinn Féin to found his own republican party, Fianna Fáil, O'Kelly followed him, becoming one of the party's founding members. In 1932, when de Valera, was appointed President of the Executive Council (prime minister) of the Irish Free State he made O'Kelly Minister for Local Government. O'Kelly often tried to publicly humiliate the Governor-General of the Irish Free State, James McNeill. Stunts such as withdrawing the Irish Army's band from playing at diplomatic functions which the Governor-General attended, or in one notorious case the sight of O'Kelly and Defence Minister Frank Aiken storming out of a diplomatic function at the French Legation when McNeill, the guest of honour, arrived, damaged O'Kelly's reputation and image, particularly when the campaign backfired.

Before resigning, McNeill published his letters to de Valera about this. It made de Valera appear foolish, and made de Valera choose a new Governor-General. To the surprise of many, O'Kelly was not considered for the office. Instead former Fianna Fáil TD, Domhnall Ua Buachalla from County Kildare, would be the last Governor-General.

In 1938, many thought that de Valera wanted to make O'Kelly the Fianna Fáil choice to become President of Ireland, under the new Irish constitution, Bunreacht na hÉireann. When Lord Mayor of Dublin, Alfie Byrne, said he wanted to be president there was an all party agreement to nominate Dubhghlas de hÍde, a Protestant Irish Senator, Irish language enthusiast and founder of the Conradh na Gaeilge. They thought de hÍde was the only person who might win an election against Alfie Byrne. O'Kelly became Minister of Finance instead, and helped create Central Bank in 1942.

O'Kelly left the cabinet in 1945 when he was elected President of Ireland in a popular vote of the people, defeating two other candidates.

O'Kelly was re-elected unopposed in 1952. During his second term he visited many nations in Europe and spoke to the United States Congress in 1959. He retired at the end of his second term in 1959, to be replaced by his old friend, Éamon de Valera.

O'Kelly did not refer any Bills to the Supreme Court to see if they were legal, but he did ask his official advisors, called the Council of State, if he should refer the Health Bill, 1947 but he decided not to.

O'Kelly's strong Roman Catholic beliefs sometimes caused problems. De Valera often thought that O'Kelly leaked information on purpose or accidentally to the Knights of Columbanus, and the Church leaders. O'Kelly ensured that his first state visit, following the creation of the Republic of Ireland in 1949, was to the Vatican to meet Pope Pius XII. O'Kelly accidentally revealed the Pope's private views on communism. This angered the Pope and Stalin. This is why he was not given the papal Order of Christ which was given to many Catholic heads of state.

When he retired as president in 1959, he was described as a model President by the normally hostile Irish Times newspaper. Though controversial, O'Kelly was widely seen as a genuine and honest, but tactless.

He died on November 23, 1966 (aged 84), fifty years after the Easter Rising that first brought him to prominence. He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.

Mary Kate Ryan and O'Kelly were married from 1918 until Mary Kate's death in 1934.

In 1936 he married his second wife Phyllis Ryan, who was Mary Kate's sister. Another sister was married to Fine Gael leader General Richard Mulcahy, and a brother was Fianna Fáil minister, James Ryan. O'Kelly died in Dublin.



Teachta Dála

A Teachta Dála, is a member of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament. Usually only the initials TD are used, after the person's name.

The letters are used in the same way that MP is used to show that someone is a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom.


Léo Delibes

Léo Delibes (born St. Germain-du-Val, France, 21 February 1836; died St. Germain-du-Val 16 January 1891) was a French composer of Romantic music. He is particularly famous for his ballets, especially "Coppélia", and operettas and operas, of which "Lakmé" is the most famous.

Delibes’s father worked for the post office. His mother was musical and played the piano. Her father, the composer’s grandfather, had been a baritone in the Opéra-Comique and she had a brother who was an organist and professor at the Paris Conservatoire.

When Delibes’s father died in 1847 his family moved to Paris so that the young Léo, who was 11, could continue having a good musical education. At first he found it difficult living in a large city as he was used to the countryside. He was a student of the well-known composer and teacher Adolphe Adam. At first he did well in his music lessons and won prizes, but after a few years he no longer won any prizes. He never tried to win the Prix de Rome which is what all French students of composition normally want to do. As a young boy he sang in choirs. Later he became a church organist and an accompanist at the Théâtre-Lyrique.

Soon Delibes started to composer operettas. He wrote 14 operettas in 14 years. He was commissioned to write some music to celebrate the emperor’s return from Algiers. The piece he wrote was called "Alger". It was a huge success. The emperor gave him a gold medal, personally fastening a pin with diamonds to his lapel. In 1864 he became chorus master at the Opéra where he coached the chorus to sing many famous operas. Two years later he started to write ballets. These became very successful and three years later he stopped writing operettas.

In 1870 his ballet "Coppélia" was produced. By 1884 it had been performed 100 times. Together with "La Sylphide" and "Giselle" it was one of the most popular of all ballets. The story is about a man who makes a mechanical doll. Another popular ballet he wrote was "Sylvia". His most successful opera was "Lakmé" which was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in 1883. It gives great opportunity for the main soprano, especially in the song called the "Bell Song". Musicians usually think "Lakmé" is his greatest work.

Delibes died in 1891, and was buried in the Cimetière de Montmartre, Paris.

Delibes started to compose at a time when ballet had become less popular in France than it had been earlier. Around the time of the Revolution there had been lots of performances of ballet, but during the 19th century there was less interest with the exception of "La Sylphide" and "Giselle". Delibes was to change that. He had a great gift for writing easy melodies. At one time he thought he ought to compose like Wagner, using richer harmonies and leitmotifs, but fortunately he chose not to, following instead the style to which he was so well suited. "Coppélia" is in the repertoire of all major ballet companies, and several of its tunes are familiar to people even if they do not know where they come from. 

The Flower duet from "Lakmé" became particularly well known in recent years through an advert for British Airways.

Rugrats

Rugrats is an American animated television series. It was created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó, and Paul Germain for Nickelodeon. The series focuses on a group of toddlers —Tommy, Chuckie, Angelica and the twins Phil and Lil. It follows their day-to-day lives. The stories usually involving life experiences that become much greater adventures in the imaginations of the main characters.

The series was first broadcast on August 11, 1991. It was the second Nicktoon. It was aired after "Doug" and before "The Ren & Stimpy Show". The first part of the series ended in 1994. It had 65 episodes in three seasons. The last episode was aired on May 22, 1994. From 1995 to 1996, the only new episodes broadcast were "A Rugrats Passover" and "A Rugrats Chanukah". Both were Jewish-themed episodes that were well liked by critics. During this time, "Rugrats" began to get better ratings and became more popular because of reruns on Nickelodeon and Noggin.

In 1996, Klasky Csupo Animation began producing new episodes, and the show's fourth season began in 1997. As a result of the show's popularity, a series of theatrical films were released over the next five years: "The Rugrats Movie", which introduced Tommy's younger brother Dil Pickles, was released in 1998; "Rugrats in Paris: The Movie," which introduced Kimi, Kira, and Fifi, was released in 2000; and "Rugrats Go Wild", a crossover film with another Klasky Csupo series, "The Wild Thornberrys", was released in 2003. The final TV episode aired on August 1, 2004, bringing the series to a total of 172 episodes over nine seasons. The 13-year run (with the 2-year break) ties "Rugrats" with "King of the Hill" as one of the eighth-longest-running American animated television series. The show is Nickelodeon's third longest-running animated series, behind "SpongeBob SquarePants" and The Fairly OddParents. It is one of the longest running animated series of all time.

On July 21, 2001, Nickelodeon broadcast the made-for-TV special "All Growed Up" to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the series premiere. The special was a pilot for the "Rugrats" sequel series "All Grown Up!", which aired from 2003 to 2008 as it chronicles the lives of the babies and their parents after they age 10 years. A spin-off series, "Rugrats Pre-School Daze", aired on TV in 2008 but had only four episodes after Nickelodeon decided to focus on the sequel series. Two direct-to-video specials were released in 2005 and 2006 under the title "Rugrats: Tales from the Crib". Tie-in media for the series include video games, comics, toys, and various other merchandise.

"Rugrats" gained over 20 awards during its 13-year run, including four Daytime Emmy Awards, six Kids' Choice Awards, and its own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The series became a hit, garnering high ratings, and anchored Nickelodeon as the network's top-rated show from 1995 to 2001. It was Nickelodeon's longest-running cartoon, until "SpongeBob SquarePants" aired its 173rd episode in 2012.

A reboot of the series executive produced by the original creative team of Klasky, Csupó and Germain premiered on Paramount+ on May 27, 2021.

The series focuses on the experiences of a courageous, adventurous one-year-old baby named Tommy Pickles and his group of playmates – several other infants and toddlers, some of whom debuted later in the series. Chuckie, Tommy's bespectacled, red-headed, insecure, cowardly two-year-old best friend; the twins Phil and Lil, noted for their revolting eccentricities and love of digging for and eating insects and earthworms; Tommy's baby brother Dil (who was born in "The Rugrats Movie"); Angelica, Tommy and Dil's outrageously spoiled and selfish three-year-old cousin who is a "rival" of his friends and the main antagonist of the program; Kimi, Chuckie's adventurous, playful stepsister (introduced in "Rugrats in Paris") (later just his sister after adoption); and Susie, a good-hearted neighbor of the Pickles family, Angelica's schoolmate, friend, and "rival," who is better liked by the younger children and far more reliable than Angelica.

The other characters depicted in "Rugrats" include the babies' parents, who are portrayed as often being easily distracted, leaving their young children free to emancipate themselves from such restraints as playpens or strollers and venture out to explore. Such adult figures include Didi and Stu Pickles, Tommy and Dil's mother and father. Didi is a sweet, educated and loving mother who decides to return to college in one episode. Stu is an often-feckless toy inventor whose designs have been known to either fail or break. Other parents include Chas Finster, Chuckie's stereotypically nerdy and mild-mannered father, a widower who later remarries; Kira, Chuckie's sweet-natured, kind and understanding stepmother (later just his mother after adoption) whom Chas marries in "Rugrats in Paris"; Drew Pickles, Angelica's indulgent and doting father who pampers his daughter to a ridiculous degree; Charlotte Pickles, Angelica's workaholic mother who overindulges her daughter equally if often seen talking on her cell phone with an employee of hers named Jonathan, although neither of them afraid to put their foot down when they feel she is getting out of line; a big women named Betty DeVille, Phil and Lil's kind but boisterous feminist mother; and Howard DeVille, the twins' mild-mannered and soft-spoken father.

Susie's parents and elder siblings also make appearances in some episodes, and another major adult character includes Lou Pickles, Drew and Stu's father and Tommy, Angelica, and Dil's grandfather; an elderly widower who later remarries with an active woman named Lulu. Didi's parents, Jewish immigrants named Boris and Minka, also appear numerous times and serve as important characters and are often seen bickering. "Rugrats" also has animal characters, including the Pickles family dog. A hyena named Spike, and a Angelica's pet cat named Fluffy. Spike played important roles, but most importantly was always ready to rescue Tommy when he was in danger.

The show functions under a translation convention for baby talk, which is presented as essentially a separate language which only other babies can understand. The babies' dialogue is almost universally translated for viewers into comprehensible English dialogue, but adults in the series cannot understand them. One example of this dissonance is when Tommy says "Reptar!", (the title character of a popular in-show children's franchise) but his mother then responds that she heard him say "riff-raff", and that she hopes he is getting close to speaking full words, indicating that adult characters still hear the dialogue of baby characters as babbling. The translated dialogue of the babies is still presented as infantile English, reflecting their limited understanding of the world. Another major point of this plot convention is that toddlers who have learned to speak the adult language can still understand baby talk because they are at a transitional age between the two. Angelica and Susie can understand what the baby characters are saying but can also communicate with adults, though they never outright reveal to the adults that they can comprehend complex messages from the babies. Very young newborns, such as Tommy's little brother, cannot yet communicate even with baby talk, although Dil has a very limited vocabulary consisting of the words "poopy" and "mine" which are perhaps the only words he is capable of saying. The older babies, such as Tommy and Chuckie, are able to interpret what Dil is trying to communicate although, due to their own age, it is difficult. When the older babies do figure out what Dil wants or needs, it usually involves changing his diaper or giving him an object – to play with or just to experience the joy of holding it.




Rugrats

Rugrats


Guyver

The word Guyver is a word made by manga artist Yoshiki Takaya. It can refer to:

Displacement vector

A displacement vector is a concept from mathematics. It is a vector. It shows the direction and distance traveled with a straight line. It is often used in physics to display the speed, acceleration and distance of an object traveled (relative to a reference point or an object's starting position).


Enkephalin

An enkephalin is one of the first endorphins that were discovered in the brain. They are found in many parts of the brain, specially in the basal ganglia. They act as "natural pain killers".

Enkephalins are small proteins. They are made out of five amino acids in each of their molecules. The last amino acid is either leucine (leu) or methionine (met).

Enkephalin is a brain neurotransmitter that is formed when tyrocine, glycine, glycine, phenylalanine, and methionine through a condensation reaction or dehydration synthesis.

Receptor (cell biology)

In cell biology, a receptor is a special structure that can be found in cell membranes. These are made of protein molecules such as glycoproteins. Receptors bind (attach) to specialised molecules. If the receptor has this molecule, it is activated, but if it does not it is deactivated. Depending on its state, a change inside the cell happens. 

Cell surface receptors (membrane receptors, transmembrane receptors) take part in communication between the cell and the outside world. Extracellular signalling molecules (usually hormones, neurotransmitters, agonist, cytokines, growth factors or cell recognition molecules) attach to the receptor. This triggers changes in the function of the cell. The process is called signal transduction: The binding starts a chemical change on the inside of the membrane.

Receptors work like locks and keys. With the key, the lock can be locked or unlocked. If it is unlocked, the door belonging to it can be opened.

Part of the receptor sticks out of the cell membrane. The same applies to the membranes of cell organelles. A receptor's main function is to recognize and respond to a specific ligand, for example, a neurotransmitter or hormone. Some receptors respond to changes in 'transmembrane potential' (the difference in electric potential between the inside and the outside of a cell).

The middle part, inside the membrane itself, is a protein-lined pore through the membrane, or 'ion channel'. When the ligand binds to the surface, the pore becomes accessible to ions, which then pass through. In other cases, where differences in electric potential occur, the receptor changes in shape, which causes change inside the cell.

The inside (or cytoplasmic) part of the receptor interacts with the inside of the cell or organelle. There are several different kinds of receptor, each of which acts in a different way.


Coppélia

Coppélia ou La fille aux yeux d'email () is probably the best-known and most performed comedy ballet in the world. Arthur Saint-Léon and Charles Nuitter based the ballet on E. T. A. Hoffmann's 1816 short story The Sandman (short story). Léo Delibes wrote the music. Saint-Léon choreographed the ballet.

The ballet is set in a Polish village long ago. Swanhilda and Frantz are sweethearts. Swanhilda thinks Frantz is in love with Coppélia, a strange girl in the house of a dollmaker named Dr. Coppélius. Swanhilda discovers Coppélia is a doll. Dr. Coppélius tries to bring the doll to life using Frantz's life force. Swanhilda saves her sweetheart's life, and the two live happily ever after.

"Coppélia" was in rehearsal for three years. It had many troubles. One was finding just the right dancer to portray Swanhilda. Sixteen-year-old Giuseppina Bozzacchi was finally chosen. Frantz was played by Eugenie Fiocre. The ballet was first performed on 25 May 1870 at the Théâtre Impérial de l´Opéra in Paris. "Coppélia" was a great success. It has been performed around the world.

Act I. Coppélia is set in a small village in Poland at the end of the 18th century. Swanhilda and Frantz are young peasants. They are sweethearts. Frantz however is flirting with Coppélia, a strange girl in the dark house of a dollmaker named Dr. Coppélius. Swanhilda is upset with her sweetheart's behavior.

One evening, Dr. Coppélius leaves home. He drops his key in the street. Swanhilda finds the key. She opens his door and goes into the house with her girlfriends. Frantz enters the street quietly. He puts a ladder against a window of the house. Coppelius returns and chases Frantz away.

Act II. Swanhilda and her girlfriends explore Dr. Coppélius's workroom. It is filled with life-size dolls. Swanhilda discovers Coppélia is also a doll. Coppélius enters and chases the girls away. Swanhilda hides. Frantz climbs through the window. Coppélius welcomes him. He needs a human sacrifice to bring Coppélia to life.

Coppélius give Frantz a glass of wine. The boy falls asleep. The dollmaker performs a magic spell. He tries to bring Coppélia to life using Frantz's life force. Swanhilda pretends to be Coppélia. She destroys the workroom, and saves Frantz's life. Coppélius faints as the sweethearts run away.

Act III. A new church bell is blessed. Swanhilda and Frantz (and other couples) are going to be married. They have all been given dowries by the Lord of the Manor. Dr. Coppélius enters. He is angry. He wants to be paid for the damage done to his workroom. Swanhilda offers her dowry.

The Lord of the Manor allows Swanhilda to keep her dowry. He agrees to pay for the damages. The couples enter the chapel. The celebrations start with the "Dance of the Hours". Dawn, Day, the Hour of Prayer, and other dances are performed. The married couples return. All rejoice.

Several changes were made to Hoffmann's dark short story when it was adapted to the bright and gay "Coppélia". In Hoffmann's fairy tale, for example, the doll comes to life through the hero's life force. In the ballet though, the doll remains a doll. Coppélius's attempt to bring it to life is thwarted by Swanhilda.

In another example, Hoffmann's hero sees the doll in a vision. He then falls from a tower to his death. The hero of "Coppélia" however is saved by his sweetheart. A happy ending replaces a tragic ending.

The designers of the ballet chose only Dr. Coppélius, the life-sized doll, and the young man torn between his attraction to the doll and his love for a human sweetheart for their adaptation. They set the story in a simple country village. Hoffmann set his story in "the philosophically oriented bourgeois society" of the early 19th century.

The spirit of "Coppélia" is lighthearted and gay. The story of the ballet is simple. Its fantastic touches such as the dollmaker and his workshop make "Coppélia", according to Lincoln Kirstein, "a trifle presumed especially appealing to children."

"Coppélia" is one of many (if not the first) ballet about bringing a doll to life. Charles Nuitter started work on the libretto in late 1866 or early 1867. He had a young dancer named Léontine Beaugrand in mind for the part of Swanhilda. Delibes set to work writing the music.

Rehearsals started. The director of the Opéra wanted a star with a well known name to portray the ballet's heroine, Swanhilda. Beaugrand was a lovely young dancer, but her career was just starting. She had yet to have the sort of name that would draw ballet-goers to the theatre.

Adèle Grantzow, a German ballerina dancing at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, was hired to play Swanhilda. Saint-Léon was working between France and Russia at this time. He could not completely devote himself to "Coppélia". Consequently, the ballet was rehearsed over a three-year period.

"Coppélia" lost its star when Grantzow was injured. She went back to Russia. Beaugrand was again passed over for the part of Swanhilda. Giuseppina Bozzacchi was a sixteen-year-old dancer in the company. It was she who was chosen to play Swanhilda.
"Coppélia" was first performed on 25 May 1870 at the Théâtre Impérial de l'Opéra. Giuseppina Bozzacchi played Swanhilda. Eugénie Fiocre played Frantz. Francois-Édouard Dauty portrayed Dr. Coppélius. A real mechanical doll was used as Coppélia. Because a woman played Frantz, a "pas de deux" for Swanhilda and Frantz was not possible. Nonetheless, the ballet was a great success.

Bozzacchi danced eighteen performances of the ballet before the theatre closed because of the Franco-Prussian War. She died of a fever during the Siege of Paris on her seventeenth birthday, 23 November 1870.

When the theatres reopened in 1871, Beaugrand played Swanhilda with great success. The part of Frantz was again played by a woman in men's clothing. Frantz would be a travesty role at the Paris Opéra until the 1950s.

"Coppélia" was the first ballet score written completely by Delibes. He studied with Adolphe Adam. Adam was the composer of the enduring romantic ballet, "Giselle", and the first to use leitmotifs in ballet. Delibes, like his teacher, used leitmotifs to identify persons and places in "Coppelia". Swanhilda has a waltz, and Frantz has two leitmotifs. Coppélius has a dry-sounding motif and the doll has an odd-sounding little motif. Bustling, lively music identifies the village square. Sinister music identifies Coppélius's workshop.

Delibes appreciated the folk music of eastern Europe. He wrote both a Polish dance called the mazurka, and an Hungarian dance called the czardas for the ballet. Delibes's czardas was the first written for a ballet. Other ethnic music in the ballet include a Spanish bolero and a Scottish jig. Frantz has no solo dance in the original ballet because a woman played the part. A pas de deux for Frantz and Swanhilda was not possible for the same reason. The pas de deux now in the ballet was the addition of Marius Petipa. He put a pas de deux in the ballet when he rearranged the music for his 1884 St Petersburg production.

Lincoln Kirstein describes the music as "sprightly" and the "most durable since Adam's "Giselle"". Dance music had become the "miserable servant" of the dance, Kirstein points out, until Delibes's colorful, rhythmically varied, and richly orchestrated "Coppélia". While the music did little to change dance design itself, he writes, it did provide a criterion for future ballet music.

The critic of "Le Figaro" wrote on 28 May 1870, "M. Léo Delibes has composed for the three scenes of "Coppélia" a distinguished, piquant, and colorful score, excellently orchestrated ... It is very difficult to write for legs with a little artistry, taste, and style. For instance, ballets such as "Giselle" are not improvised by the dozen. M. Delibes has avoided the commonplace in a piece where it has every right to succeed."

The critic of "Le Ménestrel" wrote about Bozzacchi on 29 May 1870, "The title of child prodigy should be devised for her had it had not been abused in so many other cases; although scarcely fifteen years old she is already a very skillful dancer, what is better still in our opinion, she is a graceful and a witty actress; add to that a well-proportioned, dainty little body, and that she bids fair to have the prettiest features in the world. If she fulfills all her first promises, she will be a power in her profession."

"Coppelia" was, and still is, very popular. The Paris Opéra Ballet has performed "Coppelia" 711 times over 90 years. In 1996, Patrice Bart created a new version of the ballet. He went back to Hoffmann's fairy tale. In the process, he brought some psychological depth to the ballet's characters. He even put one of Hoffmann's original characters, Professor Spalanzani, into his new version. Bart also used music from Delibes's operas "Le Roi l'a dit" and "Lakmé".

"Coppélia" was first performed in England at the Empire Theatre in London on 14 May 1906. Adeline Genée danced Swanhilda. The Royal Ballet first staged "Coppélia" in 1933. This staging was Nicholas Sergeyev's version based on the 19th century revision by Lev Ivanov and Enrico Cecchetti. Dame Ninette de Valois danced Swanilda in Sergeyev's 1933 version. In 1954, de Valois created her own version based on the Russian versions of "Coppélia".

"Coppélia" was first performed in Russia in 1884. Marius Petipa adapted the original choreography for this production. In 2009, Sergei Vikharev reconstructed "Coppélia" for the Bolshoi Ballet from the Mariinsky Theatre records of 1894. This version featured new designs and 24 dancers in the "Dance of the Hours". Vikharev's version was staged in London in 2010 as part of the Bolshoi's summer tour.

"Coppélia" was first performed in the United States by the American Opera Company at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City on 11 March 1887. Marie Giuri danced Swanhilda and Felicita Carossa danced Frantz. Anna Pavlova made her American debut in the role of Swanhilda at the Metropolitan Opera on 28 February 1910. George Balanchine and Alexandra Danilova choreographed a version of "Coppélia" in 1974. Their production used the traditional story in the first two scenes, but dropped the third scene's "Dance of the Hours" for a general celebration of ballet.

"Coppelia" was first performed in Australia in Melbourne in 1913. Adeline Gennée and members of the Imperial Russian Ballet performed the ballet on the opening night of their Australian tour. This version was produced by Alexandre Volonine, and was supplemented with music by C. J. M. Glaser.

The first Australian production premiered in 1931 in Sydney, Australia. This production was designed and staged by Louise Lightfoot and performed by the First Australian Ballet. Australian ballet lovers then saw selections from the ballet as well as complete, full length productions by both Australian and foreign companies in the following decades.

A version of "Coppélia" was staged by the National Ballet of China in Beijing in 2002. The dances for this production were designed by Par Isberg. The production opened at the Tianqiao Theatre on 1 May 2002. Wang Qiming played Coppélia. The production stayed close to the original, but the story was simplified and made modern. Costumes included jeans for men and short, tight skirts for women. Some of the women danced on roller skates.



Pan-Germanism

Pan-German Movement (from , all, and "Germania") is a nationalist ideological and political movement promoting the unification of all German-speaking peoples of Europe.

IMVU

IMVU is an instant messaging client that uses three dimensional avatars to represent people. It was made in 2004 and has over 20 million users. Users can change how their avatar looks by buying things with "IMVU credits" earned in the game. It is free to join, but some features cost money. Most features can be bought with the game currency ("IMVU credits").



Constance Georgine, Countess Markiewicz

Constance, Countess Markiewicz, born Constance Georgine Gore-Booth, 4 February 1868 – 15 July 1927), was an Irish Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil.

She was the first woman elected to the British House of Commons, but she did not take her seat. Instead she and the other Sinn Féin TDs formed the first Dáil Éireann. She is well known for founding Cumann na mBan.

She was also the first woman in Europe to be a cabinet minister, She was Minister of Labour of the Irish Republic between 1919 and 1922.

Nas

Nasir Jones (born September 14, 1973), better known as Nas, is an American rapper. He is best known for his first album, "Illmatic", which was released in 1994. It has been widely critically praised. He followed up with several commercially successful albums, such as "It Was Written", "I Am…", "Nastradamus", "Stillmatic", "God's Son", "Street's Disciple", "Hip Hop Is Dead", "Untitled", "Life Is Good", and the "King's Disease" series. Nas has been nominated for fourteen Grammy Awards; his thirteenth studio album "King's Disease" took the crown for Best Rap Album of the year during the 63rd Grammy Awards. Famed for his storytelling prowess and lyrical creativity, Nas is regarded as one of the greatest rappers of all time.

Nas was born on September 14, 1973 in Brooklyn, New York. His father, Olu Dara, is a musician who plays the trumpet. When Nas was young, his family moved to Queens, New York.

On June 15, 1994, Nas's ex-fiancée Carmen Bryan gave birth to their daughter, Destiny. Nas was married to Kelis from 2005 until they divorced in 2010. She is the mother of his son.
Nas started making music when he was a teenager. He recorded his first music with a producer called Large Professor, but did not yet publish it. Nas' first published song was "Live at the Barbeque" in 1991. He was a guest artist on this song, which was by the group Main Source. In 1992, Nas released his first single, a song called "Halftime". This song was first published as part of a movie's soundtrack.

Nas released his first album, called "Illmatic", in 1994. The album got very good reviews. People especially liked Nas' songwriting skills on the album. Because it was so well liked, "Illmatic" is often called a classic. Today, many people still say that "Illmatic" is one of the best hip-hop albums ever. Nas released his second album in 1996. He called the album "It Was Written". On this album, Nas tried to make songs that a bigger audience would like. He also made expensive music videos to promote the album.

Nas also joined a hip hop group called The Firm. The other members of the group were Foxy Brown, AZ, and Nature. The Firm first appeared as a group on "It Was Written". In 1997, The Firm released an album together. The Firm's album sold many copies, but sold less than the group had hoped it would. After this album, The Firm stopped making music as a group. Nas instead started making his third album by himself. He planned to call this album "I Am... The Autobiography", and wanted it to be a double album. People leaked many of the songs from this album onto the Internet before it came out. Because of this, Nas decided to record new songs for the album. He also changed the title to "I Am...". This album came out in 1999. Nas also released another album, called "Nastradamus", in 1999. "Nastradamus" was originally meant to have the leaked songs from "I Am...", but Nas changed his mind and decided to record new songs for it.

In the late 1990s, Nas began feuding with rapper Jay-Z. In 2001, Jay-Z wrote a song called "Takeover" that insulted Nas. Nas replied by writing a song called "Ether" that insulted Jay-Z in return. "Ether" appeared on Nas' fifth album, "Stillmatic", which he released in 2001. "Stillmatic" was mostly well liked. Its good reception helped to boost Nas' career after his last two albums had received bad reviews. Nas' next album was "The Lost Tapes", an album made of songs he had written earlier but never published. "The Lost Tapes" got good reviews. Some critics said it was his best album since "Illmatic".

Nas released several more albums in the 2000s. In 2002, he released "God's Son". This album sold many copies, causing it to go platinum. It also included the song "I Can", which became Nas' biggest hit song. After this, Nas' next album was a double album called "Street's Disciple". The album got good reviews, but sold fewer copies than his earlier albums.

Nas and Jay-Z ended their fued in 2005. To show that they had made up, Nas made a surprise appearance at a Jay-Z concert in 2005. The two musicians performed Jay-Z's song "Dead Presidents" together. At this time, Jay-Z was the president of the record label Def Jam Recordings. Nas signed a contract with Def Jam in January 2006. On the Def Jam label, Nas released his next album in 2006. This album was called "Hip Hop Is Dead". The album reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was Nas' first number-one album since "I Am...", and his third ever. In 2007, Nas announced that he wanted to call his next album "Nigger". Because the title was a racial slur, many people were unhappy with this announcement. Nas was criticized by famous progressives like Jesse Jackson, and also by the conservative news channel Fox News. Because of the controversy, Nas decided to release the album without any title at all.

In 2010, Nas released an album with Damian Marley called "Distant Relatives". It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number five. Three singles were released from the album. In 2012, Nas released his eleventh album "Life Is Good". He wrote it after he divorced Kelis. The album received good reviews.

In 2014, a documentary called "Nas: Time Is Illmatic" was released. The movie celebrated the 20th anniversary of "Illmatic". Nas also performed songs from "Illmatic" at the Kennedy Center. In 2017, Nas did more work in film and TV. He wrote a song for the TV show "The Getdown" and appeared in a documentary called "The American Epic Sessions".

Nas' next album was called "Nasir". It was released in 2018. Kanye West produced all of "Nasir". The album received mixed reviews. In 2019, Nas released "The Lost Tapes 2". He had originally planned to release this album soon after "The Lost Tapes". However, the album was delayed several times. In 2020, Nas released an album called "King's Disease". This album won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. Nas had been nominated for many Grammy Awards, but this was the first time he won. Nas then released an album called "King's Disease II" in 2021. He also released the album called "Magic" in the same year. In 2022, he released "King's Disease III".


United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was the formal name of the United Kingdom from 1 January 1801 until 12 April 1927. The United Kingdom was formed by the merger of the Kingdom of Great Britain (itself a merger of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland) and the Kingdom of Ireland. Its name was changed in 1927 after the majority of Ireland left the UK in 1922 and became the sovereign Irish Free State, thus leaving only six counties in the north within the UK.

The monarch continued to use the title of "King" or "Queen of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland" until 1927. 

House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha 




Xerox

Xerox is an American company that makes and sells photocopiers and paper. It was the first brand of modern photocopiers. The term xerox has become a generic trademark. This means people often use 'xerox' to mean any copy machine, and "xeroxing" to mean photocopying. The company was founder in 1906. Its headquarters is in Norwalk, Connecticut. Ursula Burns became the CEO and Chairwoman in 2009.

Agneta Sjödin

Agneta Sjödin (born 20 July 1967 in Norrbo, Hälsingland) is a Swedish television presenter.


Baroque

The Baroque (, ; ) is a style of architecture, music, dance, painting, sculpture, and other arts that flourished in Europe from the early 17th century until the 1740s. 



Éamon de Valera

Éamon de Valera (born with the name Edward George de Valera, ) (14 October 1882 – ) was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century Ireland. Co-owner of one of the Irish Press Newspapers, he served in public office from 1917 to 1973. Several times he was either head of state or head of government in Ireland.

De Valera was a leader of Ireland's struggle for independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. He also led opposition to the anti-Treaty in the Irish Civil War. De Valera was the author of the Constitution of Ireland.

De Valera was born in the New York Nursery and Child's Hospital in New York City in 1882 to an Irish mother; he said that his parents were Catherine Coll Wheelwright, an immigrant from Bruree, County Limerick, and Juan Vivion de Valera, a Spanish-Cuban settler and sculptor, and that they were married in 1881 in New York.

In 1885, after his father's death, de Valera was taken to Ireland by his Uncle Ned. He was brought up by his grandmother Elizabeth Coll, her son Patrick and her daughter Hannie, in County Limerick. At the age of sixteen, he won a scholarship to Blackrock College, County Dublin. In his first year in Blackrock College he was Student of the Year. In 1903 was became mathematics teacher at Rockwell College, County Tipperary. When he graduated in mathematics from the Royal University of Ireland he went back to Blackrock College He taught in many other colleges, including Belvedere college where he taught Kevin Barry, the young Irish republican hanged by the British during the Irish War of Independence.

De Valera was an active "gaeilgeoir" (Irish language enthusiast). In 1908 he joined the Conradh na Gaeilge (the Gaelic League), where he met Dubhghlas de hÍde, later first President of Ireland, and also Sinéad Flanagan, another teacher who he married on 8 January 1910 at St Paul's Church, Arran Quay, Dublin.

On 25 November 1913 he joined the Irish Volunteers. He was soon elected captain of the Donnybrook company, then commandant of the Third Battalion and adjutant of the Dublin Brigade. He also joined the Irish Republican Brotherhood, which secretly controlled the central executive of the Volunteers.

On 24 April 1916 the Easter Rising began. De Valera occupied Boland's Mills, Grand Canal Street in Dublin. After the fighting de Valera was court-martialled, convicted, and sentenced to death, but the sentence was changed to for life imprisonment. This was because he was not kept in Kilmainham Jail with the first prisoners executed. The delay meant British authorities started to check if he really was an American citizen, and wonder how the United States would react to the execution of one of its citizens.

De Valera's supporters say he showed leadership skills and a great ability for planning. His enemies claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the Rising.

After imprisonment in Dartmoor, Maidstone and Lewes prisons in England, de Valera and other prisoners were released under an amnesty in June 1917. On 10 July 1917 he was elected member of the British House of Commons for East Clare (the constituency which he represented in Dail Eireann until 1959) in a by-election after MP Willie Redmond died fighting in World War I.

British newspapers and picture postcards often called the Easter Rising the Sinn Féin rebellion. From 1917 de Valera was president of Sinn Féin. He and the other survivors of the Rising took over Sinn Féin and then turned into a republican party. Arthur Griffith, had wanted an Anglo-Irish "dual monarchy", with an independent Ireland governed separately from Britain, their only link being a shared monarch, like Canada and Britain today.

That had been the way Ireland was governed with the so-called Constitution of 1782 under Henry Grattan, until Ireland joined with Great Britain to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1801.

Sinn Féin won 73 out of 104 Irish seats in the 1918 general election. A lot more people wanted an independent Ireland after the leaders of the Easter Rising were executed of the 1916 leaders and the threat of conscription. In January 1919, these Sinn Féin MPs, or "TD"s, met in the Mansion House (City Hall), Dublin and formed the First Dáil Éireann ().

De Valera was not at this meeting because he had been arrested. He escaped from Lincoln Prison in February 1919, and when he got back to Dublin he replaced Cathal Brugha as Prime Minister . The Dáil Constitution passed by the Dáil said that the Príomh Aire was prime minister not head of state.

In September 1919 the British authorities said that The Dáil was illegal. The fighting against Britain escalated into the Irish War of Independence (also called the 'Anglo-Irish War').

In January 1921, he got back from the United States with a loan of $5,500,000 This made him very popular.

In August 1921 de Valera had Dáil Éireann change the 1919 Dáil Constitution to upgrade his title from prime minister to President of the Republic. He said that as Irish head of state he would not go to the Treaty Negotiations of October–December 1921 because the British head of state, King George V would not be there either.

The Treaty replaced the Republic by a dominion of the British Commonwealth with the King represented by a Governor-General of the Irish Free State. This was just how Canada was governed. Treaty was finally signed on 6 December 1921.

De Valera's opponents said that he did not join the negotiations because he knew that the British would only allow an Irish dominion, not a republic, and did not want to be blamed for giving up the idea of a republic. De Valera said he was angry because the delegates working out the treaty had not asked him before signing the treaty. But at a secret session of the Dáil during the Treaty Debates and publicised in January 1922, his ideas for a treaty included dominion status, the 'Treaty Ports', a veto by the parliament in Belfast, and the king as head of the Commonwealth. Ireland's would pay a share of the imperial debt.

When the Treaty was accepted by 64 votes to 57, de Valera and a large minority of Sinn Féin TDs left Dáil Éireann. He resigned and Arthur Griffith was elected President of Dáil Éireann in his place.

In March 1922, de Valera made an angry speech saying that, if the Treaty was accepted, it might be necessary to "wade through Irish blood" to achieve Irish freedom. Later he said that De Valera's enemies said that this was encouraging civil war.

Civil War broke out in late June 1922.

Fighting in the Irish Civil War started on 28 June 1922 and ended in May 1923 when the pro-treaty Free State forces beat the anti-Treaty IRA.

De Valera was supposed to be the head of the anti-Treatyites, but he had little power. Usually he had little influence with the IRA Chief of Staff, Liam Lynch. De Valera formed a republican government on 25 October 1922 but it had no real authority and was never like the Dáil governments of 1919–21, which was an alternative government to the British, even running their own courts.

When the IRA's new Chief of Staff called a ceasefire Frank Aiken on 30 May 1923 the government had won. Many republicans were arrested when they came out of hiding and returned home. De Valera was arrested in County Clare and interned until 1924.

De Valera resigned from the presidency of Sinn Féin after losing a vote to accept the Free State Constitution (if the Oath of Allegiance was dropped). In March 1926 he formed a new party, Fianna Fáil (Soldiers of Destiny). Fianna Fáil was successful in elections, but for over a year a it did not take its seats in the Dáil. When a new law made candidates promise to take the oath if elected, de Valera and his TDs took the Oath of Allegiance in 1927. They said the oath was "an empty formula" that is, just words they had to say, they did not have to believe them.

Six years after it was founded Fianna Fáil won 72 seats in the 1932 general election, and had a "plurality" in the Dáil. That is, it was the largest party but had less than half of all of the seats, which would be a "majority". On 9 March Governor-General James McNeill appointed de Valera President of the Executive Council . He abolished the oath and stopped paying money owed to Britain.

De Valera called a general election in January 1933 and won 77 seats, giving him an overall majority. Under his leadership, Fianna Fáil won further general elections in 1937, 1938, 1943 and 1944.

De Valera was his own Minister for External Affairs. He attended meetings of the League of Nations, and was president of the Council of the League on his first appearance at Geneva in 1932. In 1934, he supported the admission of the Soviet Union into the League. In September 1938 he was elected nineteenth president of the Assembly of the League, a tribute to the international recognition he had won by his independent stance on world questions.

During the 1930s, de Valera changed a lot of the Irish Free State constitution.

The Governor-General of the Irish Free State could "reserve" or "deny" the Royal Assent to any changes after being advised (ordered) by "His Majesty's Government in London". After a legal argument with the British Government the power this was changed to "His Majesty's Government in the Irish Free State"

That meant that de Valera was the only person who could stop a bill becoming law.

De Valera abolished:

When King Edward VIII abdicted (resigned) as "King of Ireland" de Valera passed two Bills; 

In July 1936, de Valera wrote to King Edward in London saying that he planned to introduce a new constitution. This was only a little different from the "Bunreacht na hÉireann" (meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland).

The new constitution was not an act of the Dáil but was voted for in a referendum, because de Valera wanted a new start for the new country he was setting up.

Ireland stayed neutral in World War II, which was called The Emergency in Ireland. Both the possibility of a German invasion and a British invasion were discussed in the Dáil.

But even though de Valera hated Britain, Irish neutrality often favoured the allies:


In May 1945, de Valera visited the German minister in Dublin, to express sympathy over the death of the Führer. Along with President Douglas Hyde, de Valera was the only head of government to do this. De Valera did not visit the American embassy following the death of Roosevelt, as David Gray, the American Ambassador said he would not receive de Valera. All flags were flown at half-mast on Roosevelt's death on de Valera's instructions

After sixteen years in power, Fianna Fáil lost the 1948 election. John A. Costello was Taoiseach of a coalition Government. It was Costello who declared Ireland a republic, making de Valera's friend President Ó Ceallaigh Ireland's head of state. In 1951 de Valera was returned to power but without an overall majority. Many people thought this was his worst government. He spent several months in the Netherlands where he had six operations on his eyes.

Fianna Fáil was defeated again in the 1954 general election, but in 1957 de Valera, won a majority of nine seats. This was the beginning of another sixteen year period in office for Fianna Fáil. But de Valera was only Taoiseach for two years.

In 1959 he was elected President of Ireland, as which he served until 1973. At his retirement at the age of 90, he was the oldest Head of State in the world.
Éamon de Valera died in Linden Convalescent Home, Blackrock, County Dublin on 29 August 1975 aged 92. His wife, Sinéad de Valera, four years his senior, had died the previous January, on the eve of their 65th wedding anniversary. He is buried in Dublin's Glasnevin Cemetery.

In his recent controversial biography by Tim Pat Coogan says that his failures are more than his achievements, and that de Valera's popularity fell as Michael Collins's rose.

Garret Fitzgerald summarised his last term as Taoiseach; 
"Total economic stagnation marked de Valera's last seven years as leader of his party - because all of the chickens of his disastrous commitment to an inward-looking policy of self sufficiency were coming home to roost."

Operetta

Operetta is a term which started to be used in the 19th century to describe an opera that was not too serious and often full of fun. It is often described as “light opera” (“light” meaning “not serious“). In an opera everything is usually sung. In an operetta there is a lot of spoken dialogue, and songs and dances are added to this. Similar traditions already existed in other countries, e.g. in Germany where the Singspiel tradition was popular (e.g. Mozart’s "The Magic Flute)".

The operetta tradition started in France and soon spread to Austria and other countries. It remained popular until the mid-20th century, when it gradually turned into musical comedy.

The composer Jacques Offenbach can be thought of as the creator of the operetta tradition. It grew out of the opéra comique which had become quite long and serious. There was a need for shorter, more humorous musical entertainments. Offenbach was composing operettas in the 1850s in Paris. In England such works were often called “comic operas” or “opera comedies”. Then Johann Strauss became very popular in Vienna. He was already very well known in the ballroom, but when he started to write for the theatre he soon became a rival to Offenbach, whose operettas had become very popular in Vienna. Strauss’s operetta "Die Fledermaus" (“The Bat”) has been performed more than any other operetta. In Spain the Zarzuela was a kind of operetta.

Many people were involved in the creating and performing of operettas. The performers often had to both sing and act very well. Bizet, Chabrier and Delibes all wrote operettas as well as operas and other types of music. In England the operas of Gilbert and Sullivan were a kind of English form of operetta.

One of the most popular of all operettas was "Die Lustige Witwe" ("The Merry Widow") by Franz Léhar. It was produced in 1905 in Vienna. Léhar wrote many other operettas as well. Franz von Suppé is another composer who wrote operettas in the Austrian tradition. The most known Romanian operetta is "Crai nou" ("New moon") by Ciprian Porumbescu. 

In the early 20th century the French operetta became less popular as there was more interest in the Viennese operetta. After World War I Berlin was the centre of German operetta. By the middle of the 20th century many composers were writing light operas which were based on American dance band music. These were no longer called “operettas”. The word “operetta” continued to be used for light operas which were more in the style of traditional central European music.

Investiture

Investiture means the formal installation of somebody (heir, elect of nominee) in public office by formally giving him the "insignia". The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state, aristocracy and church.

In the Middle Ages investiture was the ceremonial transfer of a fief by an overlord to a vassal. The lord "invested" the vassal with a fiefdom, by giving a symbol of the land or office. From feudal times up to the present, the term has been used in canon law to refer to a cleric receiving the symbols of spiritual office, such as the pastoral ring, mitre and staff, signifying transfer of the office.

In the United Kingdom, around 2,600 people are invested personally by The Queen or a member of the Royal Family. A list of those to be honoured is published twice a year, in either the New Year's Honours List or The Queen's Birthday Honours List.
Approximately 22 Investitures are held annually in Buckingham Palace, one or two at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh and one in Cardiff.

The question who should invest (appoint) whom was the subject of a conflict between the Catholic church (mainly the papacy) and state (mainly the Holy Roman Empire) in the Middle Ages during the so-called lay investiture controversy.

Insignia

Insignia (the plural of Latin "insigne": emblem, symbol) is a symbol or token of personal power, status or office, or of an official body of government or jurisdiction. Insignia are especially used as an emblem of a specific or general authority.

Typical examples of insignia are:


Official insignia are often protected by law as to allow their use only by people holding a specific office or staff members action on behalf of such a person. Misuse, defacement and destruction of such symbols is considered an offense in many countries.

Irish War of Independence

(IRA) against the British soldiers (known as the Black and Tans because of the colour of their uniform) who were trying to keep Ireland under British control.

The war was fought between 1919 and June 1921. The fighting stopped while a peace treaty was worked out. 

It began because of the 1916 Easter Rising. The Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) men fought the British soldiers because they wanted Ireland to be its own country and wanted Britain to move its army out of Ireland.

6 IRB members were killed including 3 who were executed. These executions angered the Irish people and caused many people to become "Republicans". Republicans lived mostly in the south of Ireland. Ulster was considered to be the most unionist part of Ireland. This was caused by the Ulster Plantations. The Unionists wanted to stay under control of the British Government.

In 1917 the IRB was renamed the IRA and in 1919, the fighting started. By the end of 1919, the IRA had beaten the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) and Ireland had no police forces. In London, the British government began to debate about Ireland's rule. The war waged on until 1921 when Irish Sinn Féin leaders and British MPs made a peace treaty (called the Anglo-Irish Treaty). This treaty created the Irish Free State this meant that Ireland was given Dominion Status. The treaty gave all the same rights to the Irish government as that of the Canadian or Australian government.

It handed power of 26 of the 32 counties to the Irish Government. The 6 counties that were kept by the British Government were all in Ulster and formed Northern Ireland.


Bishop (chess)

A bishop () is a piece in the board game of chess. Each player starts the game with two bishops. At the start of a game, one bishop is placed in between the knight and the queen. This piece is the "queen's bishop". The other bishop is placed between the knight and the king. This piece is the "king's bishop". The bishops are also referred to as the light-square bishop and dark-square bishop, depending on the square color it starts on. In chess notation, the starting squares are c1 and f1 for White's bishops, and c8 and f8 for Black's bishops.

The bishop first appeared in medieval European chess. In Chaturanga, the bishop was represented as an armed attendant who sat on the back of an elephant. The Arabs called this figure "al-fil", which means "elephant". However, elephants were not known in Central Europe, so they could not recognize the figure. The bishops were interpreted differently by the different nations. That is why the bishop is a "Läufer" (runner) in Germany, a "fou" (fool) in France and a "alfiere" (standard-bearer) in Italy.

The bishop moves diagonally. It can move as far as a player wants it to, unless another piece blocks its path. A bishop can never leave the color of square that it starts on.

In the centre of an empty board, a bishop can move to 13 squares.

Bathurst 1000

The Bathurst 1000 is a car race held at Mount Panorama, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. It is held every year.

South Atlantic tropical cyclone

A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual form of weather event. Usually, strong wind shear is the biggest problem why tropical cyclones do not normally form in the southern Atlantic Ocean. If there was ever a "hurricane season" in the south Atlantic, it would most likely happen during the opposite of the north Atlantic season, from December to May with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere.

Cyclone (or Hurricane) Catarina was an extraordinarily rare tropical cyclone, forming in the southern Atlantic Ocean in March 2004. Just after becoming a hurricane, it hit the southern coast of Brazil in the state of Santa Catarina on the evening of March 28, with winds estimated near 180 km/h (112 mph), making it a Category 2 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The cyclone killed 3-10 people and caused millions of dollars in damage in Brazil.

This event is thought to be a nearly once-in-a-lifetime event by meteorologists.

On April 10, 1991, what was either a strong tropical depression or a weak tropical storm formed in the eastern South Atlantic, recorded by weather satellites off the coast of Angola. It reached a peak on the 13th, and dissipated two days later, drifting west-southwestward from where it formed. Of the few South Atlantic tropical cyclones that have existed, this was the only one in the eastern Atlantic. This was also the first South Atlantic tropical cyclone ever observed.

A small area of convection developed on a trough of low pressure in mid-January off Brazil. It organized and appeared to become a tropical depression on January 18. The next morning, it had a small amounts of convection near the center and well-defined bands, and the system, either a weak tropical storm or a strong tropical depression, likely reached its peak. Located 150 n miles southeast of Salvador, Brazil, it weakened as upper level shear, normal for the basin, prevailed. The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding. This would mark the first time in recorded history that two tropical cyclones (Catarina and the January storm) have been seen during the same year in the South Atlantic, and may be considered to make up the 2003-04 South Atlantic hurricane season.

A small area of convection 600 miles southeast of Rio de Janeiro moved into an area of low wind shear and barely 26°C warm waters on February 23, 2006. The wave had deep convection, was able to form a closed LLC and had 35 mi/h (56 km/h) winds as measured by Quikscat on February 24, 2006. These characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart, just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression. It is possible that the system maintained these features longer and may have briefly been a tropical depression. While under study, the system was referred to as 90L Invest. The shear would eventually cause the system to dissipate later that night. Picture 


Opera buffa

Opera buffa is an Italian term meaning “comic opera”. It is mainly used for 18th century Italian comic operas. Opera buffa contrasts with opera seria (“serious opera”) in which the story was a tragedy. Opera seria was supposed to be “serious”, while opera buffa was an entertaining musical comedy. Like the opera seria, everything was sung, there was no spoken dialogue. This was different from comic opera in other countries. The story in opera buffa is told in recitative and then there were arias for the characters to show their feelings and show off their voices. 

Although we use the term “opera buffa” today, in the 18th century they called such operas by other names, e.g. “commedia in musica”, “dramma giocosa”, “operetta”, “burlesca” etc. An opera buffa was usually a full length work: one which would fill a whole evening’s entertainment. It was different from an “intermezzo” or “farsa” which was a short musical comedy that was performed during the intervals of a musical tragedy, although the difference between the two is not always obvious. The intermezzo became longer and longer during the 18th century and gradually developed into opera buffa. Pergolesi’s "La Serva Padrone" was an intermezzo which became very famous after Pergolesi’s death. It influenced opera buffa. 

Opera buffa always included a lot of caricature. The characters showed human weaknesses such as , , and (people who were pretending to be wise and important). They often poked fun at the ruling classes.

In opera buffa the acting was always very important. It was a very lively show, with a lot happening very quickly. At the end of each act all the main characters sang together: this is called an “ensemble” (the French word for “together”).

Opera buffa started in Naples and gradually spread to other parts of Italy. It was particularly popular at carnival time. Important composers of opera buffa include Carlo Goldoni and Baldassare Galuppi.

By the end of the 18th century it was not always possible to tell the difference between an opera buffa and an opera seria. Mozart’s opera "Don Giovanni", for example, has a lot of comedy, but there is also a serious side.

Opera seria

Opera seria is an Italian term which refers to the "serious" style of Italian opera in the 18th century. It was different from opera buffa which was a musical comedy. Opera seria was supposed to be about serious tragedy. The term “opera seria” only started to be used after the time when it was popular in order to talk about the historic period.

Italian "opera seria" was always in the Italian language, even when it was composed or performed in other countries such as Germany, Austria, England and Spain. In France the opera seria was not so popular. They had their own forms of opera.

Popular composers of opera seria included Hasse, Vinci, Jommelli, George Frideric Handel, Piccinni, Paisiello, Cimarosa, Gluck, and Mozart.

"Opera seria" was often called "dramma per musica" ("drama through music"). The story was told in recitative, a quick-flowing music with simple accompaniment. Then there were arias which were the big songs where the singers could show off their skills. They were normally in "da capo" form (a main section, a middle section, and the main section repeated). The opera would start with an overture and there would also be some ensembles where several characters sang at once.

The stories of opera seria were usually about the ancient Greek and Roman gods or kings. This was in contrast to opera buffa, which was about ordinary people and often made fun of kings and nobility.

The main singers in opera seria were mostly castrati, male singers who had been castrated when they were young so that they still sang with high voices. Gradually during the 18th century the female singers got more of the main roles (the “prima donna” or “first lady”).

One of the first composers of opera seria was Alessandro Scarlatti. In England George Frideric Handel wrote many great opera seria. The most important man in the development of mid-18th century opera seria was Metastasio who wrote libretti. His words were set by the greatest composers in Europe: Hasse, Porpora and, especially, Mozart.

In the later part of the 18th century Christoph Willibald Gluck changed a lot of traditions in opera. He did not want opera to be just a way for singers to show off their voices. He wanted the story to be important. He did not use dry recitative but tried to make the drama, dance and music all important, especially the chorus. "Orfeo ed Euridice" was his first important opera, followed by others such as "Alceste". 

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was influenced by Gluck’s reforms. His two great opera seria were "Idomeneo" (1780) and "La clemenza di Tito" (1791). Mostly, however, Mozart was not so interested in writing about the old Greek gods and kings. His other great Italian operas: "Cosi fan tutte", "Le Nozze di Figaro" and "Don Giovanni" are something between opera seria and opera buffa. These were set to libretti by Lorenzo da Ponte. 

Other important "opera seria" composers were Luigi Cherubini and Gaspare Spontini, followed by Rossini whose musical style made further changes to opera seria.

Mosbach

Mosbach (South Franconian: "Mossbach") is a town in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. About 25,000 people live there. It is between Heidelberg and Heilbronn. There are other big towns nearby: Sinsheim, Eberbach and Osterburken.

In Neckarelz, a suburb of Mosbach, is the most important train station. There are trains running from Mannheim - Heidelberg - Heilbronn, Stuttgart - Heilbronn - Neckarelz and Kaiserslautern - Mannheim - Heidelberg - Mosbach - Osterburken. There are also 2 other stations: Mosbach and Mosbach West. There are only trains from Kaiserslautern to Osterburken.

Mosbach has an area of . The postal codes are from "74801" to "74821", the old one was "6950". The telephone numbers start with "+49 6261", The cars have number plates with the letters "MOS".


Counties of Ireland

There are 32 historic counties on the island of Ireland. 26 are in the Republic of Ireland and 6 are in Northern Ireland.

The counties "in italics" do not have a county council, instead they are have two or more smaller administrative county councils (called districts, in Northern Ireland)

Several large towns are county boroughs. These councils have the same powers and duties of a county council.

Melk Abbey

Melk Abbey or Stift Melk is a Benedictine abbey. It lies on the Danube, near the city of Melk. It is in Lower Austria. It is one of the distinguishing features of a region known as Wachau. It is an UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The abbey was almost totally destroyed in a fire, on 14 August 1297. It was rebuilt in Baroque style at the beginning of the 18th century.

Walenstadt

Walenstadt is a small city in east Switzerland. It is near Lake Walen and is divided in four part cities: Tscherlach, Berschis, Walenstadt and Walenstadtberg.


Exhibitionism

Exhibitionism is a behavior done to attract attention. In everyday life, extroverts may be exhibitionists. 

As a histrionic personality disorder, exhibitionism is the pleasure a person feels by showing their breasts, genitals or buttocks to strangers to shock or frighten them.

Less severe forms of exhibitionism are streaking, mooning, and flashing.


Norman Rockwell

Norman Percevel Rockwell (February 3, 1894 – November 8, 1978) was an American painter. He was born in New York City. During 40 years Rockwell drew the cover pages of "The Saturday Evening Post". He died of emphysema in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge owns much of his work.

He is well known for the set of paintings called the "Four Freedoms" - four pictures of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, called: "Freedom of Speech", "Freedom of Worship", "Freedom from Want" and "Freedom from Fear".

Other famous paintings are


Zuiderzee Works

The Zuiderzeewerken ("Zuiderzee Works") are a system of dams, land reclamation and water drainage works in the Netherlands during the twentieth century. Plans for the works date back to the 1600s, but it was not until a very bad flood in 1916, that the Dutch parliament finally agreed to pay for the works. Now it is one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World.

First some dams or dykes were built to separate the South Sea () from the North Sea. The biggest was the "Afsluitdijk" ('closure dyke'). It is long. When it was finished in 1932, the South Sea was completely cut off and from then on would become a lake called the "IJsselmeer".

Land reclamation meant building more dams and pumping out the water inside. The new land is called a polder. Polders make new land for agriculture and make flood protection better, because the lake is smaller.

There are gates and sluices at the ends of the Afsluitdijk. The gates, called locks, can be opened to let ships through. The sluices let water out of the IJsselmeer. If there were no sluices the lake would fill up and flood the countryside. This is because it is always being filled with water from rivers and the polders which are still being drained.



Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto

Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto (February 3, 1898 – May 11, 1976 ) was a Finnish architect who made many important contributions to architecture. Sometimes called the "Father of Modernism".

Alvar Aalto was born in Kuortane, Finland. He studied architecture at the Technical University of Helsinki from 1916 to 1921. He returned to Jyväskylä, where he opened his first architectural office in 1923. Alvar Aalto died in May 11, 1976, in Helsinki. 


Crook of Devon

The Crook of Devon is a Perthshire village about 6 miles south west of Kinross on the A977. It was famous in the 17th century for its witch burnings. Down the road at the side of the Institute (Village Hall) on the right hand side is a field called Lamblaires and in the north west corner is the place where the witches were strangled and then burned at the stake.


Opéra-comique

Opéra comique is a French opera tradition. Many French operas from the early 18th century to the early 20th century are opéras comiques. In this French tradition there is spoken dialogue as well as songs and dances. It developed from the popular vaudevilles. 

In Paris there is a theatre called the Opéra-Comique where these operas were performed. Although “opéra comique” means “comic opera” it is not necessarily comedy. Bizet’s opera "Carmen" is probably the most famous opéra comique, and it is a tragedy. By the late 19th century the opéra-comique usually had no spoken dialogue. There was music all the way through (as there is in "Carmen").

Vaudeville

A Vaudeville was a French satirical poem or song in the 17th and 18th centuries. It was used a lot in French theatre where entertainments using such songs were called "comédie en vaudeville". Late in the 19th century, a type of variety show done in American theaters came to be called "vaudeville" which was popular from the early 1880s to the early 1930s. The typical American vaudeville performance was made up of a several different, unrelated performances which were grouped together into a single show. Entertainers typically traveled from town to town as arranged by a "vaudeville circuit". It became less popular after the rise of movies, cinema, and radio, which eventually took over as the main forms of public entertainment.

The earliest vaudeville was the "vau de vire", a Norman song of the 15th century, named after the valley of Vire. During the 16th century a style grew in the towns in France called the "voix de ville" ( "city voices"), whose name may have been a pun on "vau de vire". These were also satirical. The two styles came together and in the 17th and 18th century. The term 'vaudeville' came to be used for songs satirizing political and court events. 

The comédie en vaudeville grew from the tradition of these simple songs. The Paris audiences in the late 17th and early 18th century enjoyed hearing the familiar vaudeville tunes to new words. These comedies then grew into opéra-comique.


Capelle aan den IJssel

Capelle aan den IJssel is a municipality at the east side of Rotterdam. It is on the river IJssel and it has around 65,000 inhabitants. The place is well-known because the Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende lives there.

Poppy

A poppy is a flowering plant in the subfamily Paperveroideae.

The name is used especially for the bright red flowers which are common in this group. They are symbolic, and used to remember the Armistice Day of World War I, now known as Remembrance Day. Now it is celebrated in the Commonwealth for those who died in all wars.

Some types can be grown and used to make the drug opium. Ancient Egyptian doctors had their patients eat seeds from a poppy to relieve pain. Poppy seeds contain small quantities of both morphine and codeine. These are pain-relieving drugs that are still used today. The morphine practically disappears from the seeds twenty days after the flower has opened, so from then on poppy seeds and their oils are not narcotic.
There are a number of showy flowers, typically one per stem, in to the poppy family. They include a number of attractive wildflower species with showy flowers growing singularly or in large groups. Many species are grown in gardens. These include large plants used in a mixed herbaceous border and small plants that are grown in rock or alpine gardens.

The flower color of poppy species include: white, pink, yellow, orange, red and blue. Some have dark center markings. The cultivated species include many other colors ranging from dark solid colors to soft pastel shades. Before blooming, the petals are crumpled in bud, and as blooming finishes, the petals often lie flat before falling away.

The pollen of the oriental poppy, "Papaver orientale", is dark blue. The pollen of the field poppy or corn poppy ("Papaver rhoeas") is dark blue to grey. Bees use poppies for their pollen.

The opium poppy, "Papaver somniferum", is grown for opium, opiates or seeds to be used in cooking and baking.


Time signature

A time signature is a set of two numbers, one on top of the other one, written right after the key signature in a piece of music. The two numbers in a time signature tell you how many of one kind of note there are in each measure in the song. For example, formula_1 means that there are four beats in each measure and the quarter note gets one beat.

The number in the top of the time signature tells a player how many of a certain kind of note there are in each measure. The number in the bottom of the time signature tells what kind of note is used a certain number of times in each measure. The number on the bottom of the time signature can be any power of 2 that is greater than or equal to 2. So, 64 could be a number that is put in the bottom of the time signature, but 65 could not be one.

This table shows different numbers that could be the bottom of a time signature, and what they mean. Note that each note down lasts for one-half of the amount the note above it lasted. For example, one quarter note lasts one beat, and one-half note lasts one half of a beat, because one divided by two is one-half.



Really Simple Syndication

RSS is a family of Web feed formats used to publish often updated content such as blog entries, news headlines or podcasts. An RSS document, which is called a "feed," "web feed," or "channel," contains either a summary of content from an associated website or the full text. RSS allows people to keep up with their favorite websites without manually checking them. This flow of content between websites and users is called "web syndication".

RSS content can be read using software called an "RSS reader," "feed reader", or an "aggregator." The user subscribes to a feed by entering the feed's link into the reader or clicking an RSS icon in a browser that begins the subscription process for the online. The reader often checks the user's subscribed feeds for new content, downloading any updates it finds. This content is stored in a standard XML file that many different computers and programs can understand. This file tells the programs how to show the content to the user.

The letters "RSS" are used to refer to any of these formats:


RSS is also used on exchanges. An example of using RSS is Carbon Place, which uses it to show orders to the public.

There were other similar formats before RSS that were not as popular. The first one was the Meta Content Framework made in 1995 by Ramanathan V. Guha and others at Apple Computers.

The first version of RSS was called RDF Site Summary. It was made by Dan Libby and Ramanathan V. Guha at Netscape and made public in March 1999. This became RSS 0.9. In July 1999, RSS 0.91 was created by Dan Libby, which got rid of some features that weren't useful. It also added elements from Dave Winer's news syndication format. Libby renamed the format from RDF to RSS Rich Site Summary and planned how it should be made better in the future.

In 2001, the company was restructured by their owner, AOL, and no longer supported RSS. After that, the format was being developed by the RSS-DEV Working Group and Dave Winer. Winer was the first to write programs that could read and write RSS and were not made by Netscape.

RSS 1.0 was produced in December 2000 by the RSS-DEV team, which included representatives of O'Reilly Media and Moreover Technologies. This version added support for XML namespaces and RDF, which was previously removed in RSS 0.91. This version also changed the name back to "RDF Site Summary" and added new elements that help describe content, such as Dublin Core.

Also in December 2000, Dave Winer released RSS 0.92. It added the enclosure element, which could be used to include sound in RSS feeds. This feature is one of the origins of Podcasting. Winer also made drafts of RSS 0.93, which allowed many enclosure elements per an item element, along with RSS 0.94, but those versions were cancelled after being released.

In September 2002, Winter made RSS 2.0, the next major version of RSS. This version introduced the following changes:

To make sure that old programs which only support RSS 0.92 still work with RSS 2.0, namespace support only applies to other content within the feed, not the elements themselves. Other formats such as Atom tried to remove this limitation, however it never caught on.


European Union member state

A European Union member state is any one of the twenty-seven countries that have joined the European Union (EU) since it was found in 1958 as the European Economic Community (EEC). From an original membership of six states, there have been five successive enlargements. The largest happened on 1 May 2004, when ten member states joined.
Following the addition of Croatia in 2013, the EU's membership now stands at twenty-eight. Negotiations are also under way with other states. The process of enlargement is sometimes referred to as European integration. However, this term is also used to refer to the intensification of cooperation between EU member states as national governments allow for the gradual centralising of power within European institutions. Before being allowed to join the European Union, a state must fulfill the economic and political conditions generally known as the Copenhagen criteria: these basically require that a candidate member state must enjoy a secular, democratic system of government, together with the corresponding freedoms and institutions, and respect the rule of law. Under the terms of the Treaty on European Union, enlargement of the Union is conditional upon the agreement of each existing member state as well as approval by the European Parliament.

Bulgaria and Romania make up the second part of the EU's fifth enlargement, and joined the EU on 1 January 2007. This date was agreed upon at the Thessaloniki Summit in 2003, confirmed at Brussels on 18 June 2004, and affirmed by the country reports of October 2004 and the final report delivered on 26 September 2006. Bulgaria and Romania signed their Treaty of Accession on 25 April 2005 at a ceremony held at Neumünster Abbey in Luxembourg.

The United Kingdom was a former EU member state. It joined the European Economic Community on 1 January 1973. On 23 June 2016, 51.9% of voters chose to leave the EU. The country formally withdrew from the EU on 31 January 2020. This means that there is 27 members of the European Union. 

Porter

Porter can mean:


Quetzal

A quetzal is a brightly colored bird in the trogon family. They are found in forests and woodlands, especially in humid highlands.

These birds live in the Americas. The word "quetzal" was first used for the resplendent quetzal, a famous long-tailed quetzal that lives in Central America. The resplendent quetzal is the national symbol of Guatemala.

They are strongly sexually dimorphic, as usual with the males being brighter. Parts of the female plumageis brown or grey. These largely solitary birds feed on fruits, berries, insects and small vertebrates (such as frogs). Even with their famous bright plumage, they can be hard to see in their natural wooded habitats.

In Aztec times, the quetzal was worshiped as the god of the air. Its long tail feathers, which can grow up to 2 ft (60 cm) long, were highly prized for making into costume and head-dresses.

Resplendent Quetzal

Pavonine Quetzal

Crested Quetzal

Eared Quetzal

White-Tipped Quetzal

Golden Headed Quetzal

The Powerpuff Girls

The Powerpuff Girls (also abbreviated as PPG) is an American comedy-action satirical adventure superhero children's animated television series. It aired on Cartoon Network from 1998 to 2005.

It is about three superheroes named Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup live in Townsville, USA. They are kindergarteners and have superpowers, who use their powers for good by saving the world from villains. 

The show is based on a short made by the series creator from 1992 originally called "Whoopass Stew". The original show was created by Craig McCracken, and the 2016 revival series was developed by Nick Jennings and Bob Boyle. It was created and produced by Hanna-Barbera and Cartoon Network Studios, who also developed a theatrical film adaption in 2002 titled The Powerpuff Girls Movie by Universal Studios.

A lonely scientist named Professor Utonium one day decided to create a "perfect daughter" using sugar, spice and everything nice. However, a special potion named Chemical X was accidentally added to the pot, creating the three Powerpuff Girls, who had superpowers and have dedicated their lives to fighting crime and evil in Townsville.

Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup are 3 kindergarten superheroes who live with their father, Professor Utonium, in the City of Townsville. It is their job to use their powers to reduce crime and defend the town from evil villains who want to take it over while also partaking in normal activities like chores and going to school.





The Powerpuff Girls Movie is an animated film which serves as a prequel to the series. It tells the full story of how the girls were created, revealing that Mojo Jojo (the series' main villain) was partly responsible. The main cast of the series returns. It was released in 2002.

Two video games were made featuring the main cast. They were:


In 2009, a ten-year anniversary special was released titled "The Powerpuff Girls Rule". The story centres around the Key to the World being brought to Townsville. The Girls and every villain who appeared in the series search for the Key. Eventually, Mojo Jojo finds it and reveals that he will use it to create world peace.

In 2006, the Powerpuff Girls Z was released. Many major characters returned but personalities and appearances were altered. Instead of being superheroes from birth, the girls were teenagers who were struck by "Z Rays" which turned them into superheroes.

The Powerpuff Girls is a reboot of the original series. Although it follows the same backstory and has similar characters, many things are changed.

A live action sequel was in development. It was said to depict the Girls now as adults returning to their superhero duties. However, it was cancelled.

The show saw several VHS and DVD releases while it was on the air, and the entire series was released on DVD in 2009 to celebrate the show's 10th anniversary.



Teutonic Knights

The Teutonic Knights are a Roman Catholic military order. It was formed at the end of the 12th century in Acre, Palestine, during the Crusades. The Teutonic Knights are now a clerical order based in Vienna, Austria.

In 1226 Konrad of Masovia brought the Teutonic Knights to fight against Baltic pagan Prussian tribes. They won quickly and, their new country being Prussia, were called Prussians. The knights started to be a danger for the then weak Poland. Finally, the power of the Teutonic Order was crushed in Battle of Tannenberg in 1410.

Renju

Renju (Japanese and ) is a version of the board game Gomoku. The game comes from Japan. It is played in many other countries including China, Korea, Russia, Estonia and Sweden. It is played with black and white stones on a Go board.


Nainital

Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas.

"Naini Lake" has too low a level of oxygen in the bottom layer to sustain fish. This is mostly due to pollution, which includes illegal dumping of garbage.


24 (TV series)

24 is an Emmy and Golden Globe winning American television series broadcast by Fox Network in the US and shown worldwide. The show first came on TV on November 6, 2001, airing eight seasons of 24 episodes each until May 24, 2010. The show returned on May 5, 2014 for a 12 episode miniseries called "Live Another Day "that aired until July 14, 2014. The first six seasons were all focused the fictional Los Angeles branch of the Counter Terrorist Unit (CTU). The seventh season focused on the Washington, D.C. branch of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The eighth season focused on the fictional New York City branch of CTU. "Live Another Day" focused on the London station of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

"24" is shown in real time, with each season depicting a 24-hour period in the life of Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), who works with the government as it fights threats to the country. "Live Another Day", however, mainly depicted a 12-hour period over its 12 episodes, but ended the final episode with a 12-hour time jump to finish the 24 hour cycle. Bauer is often in the field for each season's main government agency as they try to protect America from terrorists. The show also follows the actions of other agents, government officials and terrorists associated with the plot. The first six seasons of the show were all based in Los Angeles and nearby locations  — both real and fictional  — in California, although sometimes other locations have been used as well. Some of the fourth and sixth seasons, and all of the seventh season, were in Washington, D.C.. The eighth and final season of the original series was in New York City. "Live Another Day "was set in London. "Legacy" was set in Atlanta.

Jack Bauer is trying to stop terrorists, who plan to assassinate Presidential Candidate David Palmer. They abduct Kim Bauer and Teri Bauer in order to use Jack to their advantage. With Jack's wife and daughter, the terrorists have power over Jack and try to force him to kill Palmer. At one point, Jack has to choose between the lives of his family and that of the presidential candidate. After Kim and Teri are rescued and the terrorists stopped, a second group of terrorists try to target David Palmer and Jack Bauer. The second terrorists were behind the first. They are seeking revenge for a raid that connects Palmer and Bauer. The goal of the raid was to kill Victor Drazen. Palmer's death is faked to trick the terrorists. Viewers learn that Victor Drazen is still alive and that Nina Myers has been working with the terrorists. Senator Palmer realizes he cannot stay married to Sherry and they separate.

Jack and CTU try to stop a nuclear bomb from being blown up in Los Angelos. Terrorists blow up CTU to draw away their attention. George Mason ends up letting the bomb explode over the Mojave Desert and away from the city. Afterwards Jack follows leads that indicate that a recording implicating three Middle Eastern countries is false. President David Palmer decides to not attack these Middle Eastern Countries. His cabinet removes him from office under the Twenty-fifth Amendment and the Vice President becomes President. Eventually Jack finds the evidence and Palmer becomes President again. 

Jack Bauer and President Palmer try to stop a biological weapon attack . At first, it seems that Samon Salaraz must be released to stop the virus. However, Jack, who works secretly with other agents, breaks him out to set up an auction for the actual virus. Jack first works with Hector and Samon Salaraz and later with Nina Meyers to buy the virus. The seller, Michael Amador tricks the buyers, as they get a fake virus with a bomb. After some of the virus is released in a hotel, agents learn that Stephen Saunders is behind the virus. Saunders makes demands using the remaining vials to control the situation until he is captured, but not before Jack has to kill Ryan Chapelle. In a major side plot, Alan Milikan, a significant backer of Palmer, knows about an affair between his daughter Julia Miliken and Palmer. President Palmer asks Sherry to deal with him. She ends up killing Alan, and in revenge, Julia kills Sherry. Using his knowledge of these events, Senator John Keeler blackmails President Palmer not to run again for president.

The season starts with a train bombing used to get an override device to control nuclear power plants. Terrorists kidnap secretary of defense James  Heller and his daughter Audrey Raines. The terrorists stage Heller's execution on the internet. They do this to get past internet firewalls to use the override device. Bauer stops the execution, but terrorists gain control of power plants. Eventually, CTU gets control of most plants. CTU learns that the terrorist behind the events is Habib Marwan, who worked for McLennan-Forrester. The company sets off an EMP bomb to destroy evidence of the terrorist. Later, terrorists get a stealth fighter and shoot down Air Force One. President Keeler cannot serve, and Vice-President Logan becomes president. Marwan's terror cells steal the nuclear football from the crash site. Jack finds evidence leading him to the Chinese Consulate. There, the Chinese consul is killed in a gunfight, and Jack kidnaps a Chinese man. CTU eventually stops the missile, but Jack and his friends must fake his death. In the end, Jack is a fugitive from the US and Chinese governments.  

Assasins frame Jack Bauer for the murder of President Palmer. They try to kill those who helped Jack fake his death. Jack follows leads and ends up at Ontario airport. American President Logan and Russian President Suvarov are signing an anti-terrorist agreement. Terrorists take control of the same airport where Jack is and hold hostages. They threaten to kill the hostages if the treaty is signed. Jack helps officials to stop the terrorists. The terrorists, however, used the hostages as a distraction to get nerve gas. Jack learns that the White House Chief of Staff was involved. Nerve gas is used in a mall and unsuccessfully at a hospital. The terrorists release nerve gas in the CTU building, killing several workers. The last canister is used in a submarine, but also without success. The rest of the gas gets destroyed, but Jack learns President Logan was behind the attacks. The rest of the story involves Jack trying to get a recording to implicate Logan. With the first lady's help, Jack uses a listening piece to record the president confessing his crimes. Logan must relieve his presidency. In the very end, the Chinese kidnap Bauer. 



Tony Award for Best Musical

This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949.

























































Tony Award for Best Play


Queen Anne's Revenge

Queen Anne's Revenge was the name of Blackbeard's famous pirate ship. Built in 1710 as the "Concord", it was captured by the French in 1711 and by pirates in 1717, before being run aground on an island near North Carolina

Mouthpiece (brass)

A brass mouthpiece is the part of a brass instrument that a player blows into to make a sound. The purpose of a mouthpiece is to send vibrations down the instrument to make a musical note.

Larger mouthpieces are used on larger instruments, and smaller ones are used on smaller instruments. This is because a larger mouthpiece makes a lower sound, and a smaller mouthpiece makes a higher sound, and bigger instruments make lower sounds and smaller instruments make higher sounds.

A mouthpiece has many different parts, and all its parts have different names.

Some very small changes in how a mouthpiece is made can change the sound of an instrument a lot.
Most mouthpieces for brass instruments are made of brass, the traditional material. Many are plated with more expensive metals.

Some players gold plate their brass mouthpieces, covering them with a thin layer of gold. This makes the sound of the instrument better than with any other mouthpiece. For some people that are allergic to silver, this is the best (but not cheapest) way to play a brass instrument without getting sick. Gold does not smudge, so it only has to be cleaned with soap and water once in a while.
Silver plating is almost always used on brass mouthpieces because it does not cost too much money and a silver-plated mouthpiece helps a player make a pretty good sound. Silver plating is not as expensive as gold, but it is sometimes very important to have if a player plays a certain way. Silver-plate gives a clearer sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need a lot of volume. Also, silver needs to be cleaned more often because it smudges easily.

Another type of mouthpiece is a plastic mouthpiece. These mouthpieces are good because they never break or dent, they do not cost as much as silver or gold mouthpieces, and they are good for playing outdoors. They are very often given to players in marching bands. They do not make as good sounds as silver or gold mouthpieces, though.

Two of the newest things mouthpieces can be made out of are stainless steel and titanium. They are very rare, and are only made by a few companies. Steel and titanium mouthpieces do not vibrate as much, so they make a very clear sound, require much less cleaning, and they do not need to be silver plated. However, they are much more expensive than mouthpieces that are silver or gold plated.



Erskine Hamilton Childers

Erskine Hamilton Childers (11 December 1905 – 17 November 1974), was the son of Robert Erskine Childers (author of the spy thriller "The Riddle of the Sands". He was the fourth President of Ireland from 1973 until his death in 1974, and a TD from 1938 until 1973.

Childers held the following posts during his political career:

He was appointed Tánaiste in 1969.

Childers was born in London. He moved to Ireland after the First World War and lived in County Wicklow with his father Robert Erskine Childers. His father helped bring guns to Ireland for the Easter Rising, and opposed the treaty that set up the Irish Free State. The younger Childers was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and Trinity College, Cambridge, hence his striking British upper class accent.

In 1922, when Childers was 16, his father was executed by the Irish Free State. Before his execution the older Childers made his son promise from to find every man who had signed his father's death warrant out and shake his hand. 

After finishing college in Britain Childers worked in a tourism board in Paris, until Éamon de Valera invited him back to Ireland to work for the Irish Press. He became a naturalised Irish citizen in 1938.

As member of Fianna Fáil, he held a number of ministerial posts in the cabinets of Éamon de Valera, Seán Lemass and Jack Lynch, becoming Tánaiste Deputy head of the government) in 1969. Erskine's period as a minister was controversial. One commentator described his ministerial career as "spectacularly unsuccessful", but others praised his willingness to take tough decisions.

Childers was elected the fourth President of Ireland on 30 May, 1973, defeating Tom O'Higgins by 635,867 votes to 578,771. Childers, though 67, was an extremely hard-working and He died suddenly of a heart attack in November 1974, while making a public speech to the Royal College of Physicians in Dublin.

Childers' state funeral in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, was attended by world leaders including Nelson Rockefeller, Vice-President of the United States, Earl Mountbatten of Burma (representing Queen Elizabeth II), Harold Wilson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and presidents and crowned heads of state from Europe and beyond. He was buried County Wicklow. At first it was expected that President Childers' widow, Rita, would be offered the office of president to continue his work, but it went instead to the former Chief Justice, Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh.

One of Childers' sons, also called Erskine was a UN civil servant and Secretary General of the World Federation of United Nations Associations. A daughter by 2nd wife Rita, Nessa Childers, is a councillor for the Green Party on Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council.

John N. Young, "Erskine H. Childers: President of Ireland"

Tánaiste

A Tánaiste (plural: Tánaistí) is the deputy head of the government of the Republic of Ireland. 

The Taoiseach nominates a member of Government to be Tánaiste. Micheál Martin is the current Tánaiste. 

Under the Irish Free State, the deputy leader was Deputy President of the Executive Council. In 1937 the title was changed to Tánaiste 

In history, the tánaiste was the heir of the chief (taoiseach) or king (rí).

Irish Free State

The Irish Free State () was the name of Ireland from 1922 to 1937. It replaced both the Irish Republic and Southern Ireland.

The government was called the Executive Council, and it was headed by the President of the Executive Council, instead of a Prime Minister.

Until 1927 it was ruled by a Governor General on behalf of the King of the United Kingdom. After a row between the Governments in London and Dublin it was decided that the Governor General represented the King of Ireland, not the King of the United Kingdom, even though they were the same person.

The change meant that the King and the Governor General were advised by the Irish government about what to do in Ireland, and stopped the British government from having any control over Irish affairs.

The constitution of 1937 changed the name of the country to the Irish language , or , but the King stayed head of state until 1948.

2018 Winter Olympics

The 2018 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games, is a sporting event that took place in between February 9 and 25, 2018. The deadline for bids was January 2009. The winning city, Pyeongchang, South Korea, was announced on July 6, 2011.

Officially, it is being called 'PyeongChang', spelled that way so people don't confuse it with Pyongyang, which is in North Korea.



On July 4, 2007, Sochi, Russia was selected to host the 2014 Winter Games, hurting European candidates' chances at a successful bid. The IOC rarely awards back-to-back games to the same continent.


America was going to submit a bid, but the country changed its bid to the 2022 Winter Olympics. Here are the cities which had showed interest:


Kabyles people

The Kabyles ("" in Kabyle pronounced ) are a Berber people. Their traditional homeland is highlands of Kabylie (or Kabylia) in northeastern Algeria.

Their name comes from the name of the mountainous region in the north of Algeria where they live traditionally. Perhabs It means "tribes" (from the Arabic "qaba'il" which is the plural of "qabîlah" قبيلة tribe). They speak the Kabyle a Berber. Kabyles have been very active to fight for the official recognition of the Berber language in Algeria.



Berber languages

The Berber languages or Tamazight are a group of closely related languages mainly spoken in Morocco and Algeria. Kabyle and Tachelhit are Berber languages.



Southern Ireland

Southern Ireland was the twenty-six county Irish state created by the Government of Ireland Act 1920. This Act divided the island of Ireland in two, Northern Ireland (covering approximately fifteen percent of the island, in the northeast) and Southern Ireland (covering the remaining territory to the south and west). Both were given bicameral (two houses) parliaments and separate governments.

The king was represented by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, who also acted in Northern Ireland.

Southern Ireland never existed except on paper. It was set up by law, but the first attempted meeting of its Parliament failed because it was short of a "quorum" (the number of members needed to hold a meeting). The second sitting was only to confirm the decision of Dáil Éireann to confirm the Anglo-Irish Treaty, then dissolved it itself.

So the British government set up Southern Ireland but there was never any government to take power.

After the treaty was confirmed Michael Collins, head of Dáil Éireann's government became Chairman of the Provisional Government

According to the British he met the Lord Lieutenant and was made the King's prime minister. According to the Irish viewpoint, Collins went to accept the surrender of Dublin Castle. Arthur Griffith became President of Dáil Éireann, and then both Dáil Éireann and the House of Commons of Southern Ireland were then replaced in a new election, for the 'Third Dáil', sometimes called the 'Provisional Parliament' or the 'Constituent Assembly'. When Griffith died and a week later Collins was assassinated both in August 1922, W.T. Cosgrave was appointed to both offices, so the Irish nationalist and the British both systems of government joined into one temporary system, until the 1922 Constitution of the Irish Free State came into force in December 1922.



Züsedom

Züsedom is a small village in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. Since 1 January 2012, it is part of the municipality Rollwitz.

Bankstown Bunker

The Bankstown Bunker was a top secret Royal Australian Air Force base that was used during the Second World War. During the war it was Australia's main air defence base. It is no longer in use. The bunker is buried underneath a public park in the suburb of Condell Park in the City of Bankstown, which is in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is still possible to go into the bunker through a secret passageway.

The Bankstown bunker is a three-story building that was mostly underground. It was secretly used during the Second World War by the Australian air force. Builders started to build the bunker in 1942. Workers and volunteers began to work inside the bunker in January 1945. It was called the Sydney "Air Defence Headquarters" and replaced another secret air force base that was in a secret tunnel. This was the Number One Fighter Sector Headquarters underneath St. James train station in Sydney. After that, it was moved to a picture theatre in Bankstown called the Capital Hall. The main job for the people who worked in the bunker, was to track all planes in the eastern area of the South West Pacific. Some of the people who worked in the bunker were from the No.2 Volunteer Air Observer Corps (VOAC), The Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force and a few members of the Royal Australian Air Force and the United States Army Air Forces. Workers worked in the bunker 24 hours a day seven days a week in shifts called "Flights". The people who worked inside the bunker traveled to work in buses with tinted windows. Everyone that worked in the bunker had to receive special training.

At the end of the war, the bunker was no longer used and people forgot about it. In 1971 it was rediscovered by a reporter who worked for a local newspaper in the area. In 1972 the bunker was set on fire. In 1976 houses were built over part of the building, whilst the main part is underneath a public park.

The bunker was built in the same fashion as the underground Operations rooms of wartime England, which planned Britain's air defence fighter plane attacks on the invading German Luftwaffe.

To get inside the bunker you had to enter through a secret passageway which was hidden under a grassy hill. Stairs led to a maze of hallways that lead to different sections. There were two different entrances to get inside the bunker. The two doors were guarded by special police that worked for the military.

The bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof. It had all the latest equipment of the time to allow it to run as a top secret defence base. It had its own code room, plotting rooms, two escape tunnels, radio transmitter room, kitchen, dining area, bathrooms and bedrooms. In the center of the bunker was a large operations room. This was a large room about two stories high. It was the control centre for all air force missions in the Pacific area. The room also had a big map of the South West Pacific theater of World War II. The bunker also had its own generator, air conditioning and switchboards which directed fifty telephone lines. The telephone lines went to various locations including radar stations and VAOC lookout posts which reported aircraft locations to the bunker. There are rumours of a tunnel running from the bunker to an unknown location.

There is a small park at the end of Taylor Street. In this park, there is a large hill that looks totally out of place. It is under this hill that the bunker has been buried. It is still possible to get in through a secret door.

There is another bunker in Bankstown. This one is called a "Remote Receiving station" not much is known about its history. It was in Picnic Point National Park, near the South Sydney Power station, People who live in the area say that it is still there. There are many other rumours of bunkers in the Bankstown area, such as under an electricity block house on the corner of Milpera road and Henry Lawson Drive, a demolished bunker under Condell Park High School.

The Bankstown Bunker was on a TV show called Burke's Backyard. Don Burke hosted the episode from inside the bunker. To get inside the bunker he used the secret passageway.

Coldplay

Coldplay is an English rock band formed in London in 1996. The band's members are vocalist/pianist Chris Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, bass player Guy Berryman and drummer Will Champion. Coldplay became famous around the world with their 2000 song "Yellow". Their first album, "Parachutes", was very successful and was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Coldplay were nominated for this award again in 2003 and 2005. Coldplay is one of the most successful bands of the 21st century, selling over 100 million records worldwide. The band is also known for hit singles, including "Speed of Sound" and the 2 Grammy Award-winning songs, "Clocks" and their 2008 single "Viva la Vida" (Song of the Year for 2008).

Coldplay, is an English alternative rock band, formed in London in 1996-1997. Chris Martin, and Jonny Buckland, were looking forward to form a band while at University College London. After forming Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as the bass guitarist and they changed their name to Starfish. Will Champion joined as a drummer and backing vocalist who plays various instruments, making the band's lineup complete. Phil Harvey was the group's manager from 1998 to 2001. The band finally changed their name to "Coldplay" in 1998. Tim Rice-Oxley was to be added to the lineup, but he refused as he was already a member of Keane. The band later recorded. It was released on three EPs; "Safety" in 1998, "Brothers & Sisters" as a single in 1999 and "The Blue Room" in the same year. The Blue Room was their first release on a major record label, after signing to Parlophone.

Coldplay's early material was compared to acts such as Radiohead, Jeff Buckley, U2, and Travis. They had achieved worldwide fame with the release of the single "Yellow" in 2000, followed by their debut album <nowiki>"</nowiki>Parachutes<nowiki>"</nowiki> released in the same year, which was nominated for the Mercury Prize. The band's second album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head" (2002), won multiple awards, including "NME"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Album of the Year. Their next release, "X&Y", received a slightly less enthusiastic yet still generally positive reception upon its release in 2005. The band's fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008), was produced by Brian Eno. It was released on again to largely favourable reviews, earning several Grammy nominations and wins.

Since the release of "Parachutes", Coldplay have drawn influence from other sources, including Echo & the Bunnymen, Kate Bush, George Harrison and Muse on "A Rush of Blood to the Head", Johnny Cash and Kraftwerk for "X&Y" and Blur, Arcade Fire and My Bloody Valentine on "Viva la Vida". Coldplay have been an active supporter of various social and political causes, such as Oxfam's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International. The group have also performed at various charity projects, such as Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, , and the Teenage Cancer Trust.

Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland first met during their orientation week at University College London (UCL) in September 1996. The pair spent the rest of the college year planning a band, ultimately forming a group called Pectoralz.Guy Berryman, a classmate of Martin and Buckland, later joined the group. By 1997, the group, who had renamed themselves Starfish, performed gigs for local Camden promoters at small clubs. Martin also had recruited his longtime school friend Phil Harvey, who was studying classics at Oxford, to be the band's manager. Coldplay have since accepted Harvey as the fifth member of the group. The band's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties. Champion had grown up playing piano, guitar, bass, and tin whistle; he quickly learned the drums, despite having no previous experience. The band finally settled on the name "Coldplay" which was suggested by Tim Crompton, a local student who had been using the name for his group. By 1997, Martin had also met then Classics student Tim Rice-Oxley. During a weekend on Virginia Water, they asked each other to play off their own songs on the piano. Martin, finding Rice-Oxley to be talented, asked him to be Coldplay's keyboard player but Rice-Oxley refused as his own band, Keane, was already operational. Days after, this event would shape the second line-up of Keane and keep Coldplay's unaltered, thus leaving both bands as quartets.

In 1998, the band released 500 copies of the "Safety EP." Most of the discs were given to record companies and friends; only 50 copies remained for sale to the public. In December of that year, Coldplay signed to the independent label Fierce Panda. Their first release was the three-track "Brothers & Sisters EP", which they had quickly recorded over four days in February 1999.

After completing their final examinations, Coldplay signed to Parlophone for a five-album contract in the spring of 1999. After making their first appearance at Glastonbury, the band went into studio to record a third EP titled "The Blue Room". Five thousand copies were made available to the public in October, and the single "Bigger Stronger", received BBC Radio 1 airplay. The recording sessions for "The Blue Room" were tumultuous. Martin kicked Champion out of the band but later pleaded with him to return, and because of his guilt, went on a drinking binge. Eventually, the band worked out their differences and put in place a new set of rules to keep the group intact. Inspired by bands such as U2 and R.E.M., Coldplay decided that they would operate as democracy, and that profits would be shared equally. Additionally, the band determined they would fire anyone who used hard drugs.

At first, the band planned to record their debut album in the space of two weeks. However, tours and other live performances caused the recording to spread out between September 1999 and April–May 2000. In March 1999, Coldplay began work on their debut album, recorded at Rockfield Studios, Matrix Studios, and Wessex Sound Studios with producer Ken Nelson, although the majority of Parachutes' tracks were recorded at Liverpool's Parr Street Studios. The band worked in three studio rooms at Parr Street, and tracked much of the album in one of these rooms—the project studio which Nelson describes as "basically a demo room". The album was mixed by American engineer Michael Brauer in New York. Coldplay's record label had originally intended to use a mixing engineer for the tracks they picked as singles, but eventually hired Brauer to work on all songs for the album. During that period, they played on the Carling Tour, which showcased up-and-coming acts.

After releasing three EPs without a hit song, Coldplay charted into the Top 40 with the lead single from "Parachutes", "Shiver". Released in March 2000, it reached number 35 on the UK Singles Chart. June 2000 was a pivotal moment in Coldplay's history: the band embarked on their first headlining tour, including a showing at the Glastonbury Festival. The band also released the breakthrough single "Yellow". The song shot to number four on the UK Singles Chart and placed Coldplay in public consciousness. "Yellow" and "Shiver" were initially released as EPs in the spring of 2000. The former was later released as a single in UK on 26 June 2000. In the United States, the song was released as the lead single off the then-untitled debut album. In October 2000, the track was sent to US college and alternative radio outlets.

Coldplay released their first studio album, "Parachutes", on 10 July 2000 in the United Kingdom by their record label, Parlophone. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart. It was released on 7 November 2000 by record label Nettwerk in North America. The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000, and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001. In the following year, Parlophone issued the album as an LP. The band released a limited-edition CD of "Trouble", the third single off the album, which features a remix of "Yellow". It was pressed to 1,000 copies, and was issued only to fans and journalists. Both "Yellow" and "Trouble" earned regular radio airplay in the UK and US.

Having found success in Europe, the band set their sights on North America, released the album there in November 2000, and started the "U.S. Club Tour" in February 2001. Although "Parachutes" was a slow-burning success in the United States, it eventually reached double-platinum status. The album was critically well-received and earned a Best Alternative Music Album honours at the 2002 Grammy Awards. Chris Martin claimed after the release of "Parachutes" the album's success was intended to achieve the band's status as the "biggest, best band in the f...ing world."

After the success of "Parachutes", Coldplay returned to the studio in September 2001 to begin work on their second album "A Rush of Blood to the Head", once again with Ken Nelson producing. The band started recording the album in London a week after the September 11 attacks in the United States. Since the band had never stayed in London before, they had trouble focusing. They decided to relocate in Liverpool, where they recorded some of the songs on Parachutes. Once there, vocalist Chris Martin said that they became obsessed with recording. "In My Place" was the first song recorded for the album. The band released it as the album's lead single because it was the track that made them want to record a second album following a "strange period of not really knowing what we were doing" three months after the success of Parachutes. According to Martin "one thing kept us going: recording 'In My Place'. Then other songs started coming."

The band wrote more than 20 songs for the album. Some of their new material, including "In My Place" and "Animals", was played live while the band were still touring "Parachutes". The album's title was revealed through a post on the band's official website. The album was released in August 2002 and spawned several popular singles, including "In My Place", "Clocks", and the ballad "The Scientist". The latter was inspired from George Harrison's title track to "All Things Must Pass", which was released in 1970.

Coldplay toured from June 2002 to September 2003 for the "A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour". They visited five continents, including co-headlining festival dates at Glastonbury Festival, V2003 and Rock Werchter. Many concerts showcased elaborate lighting and individualised screens reminiscent of U2's "Elevation Tour" and Nine Inch Nails' "Fragility Tour". During the extended tour, Coldplay recorded a live DVD and CD, "Live 2003", at Sydney's Hordern Pavilion.

In December 2003, readers of "Rolling Stone" chose Coldplay as the best artist and the best band of the year. At that time the band covered The Pretenders' 1983 song "2000 Miles" (which was made available for download on their official website). "2000 Miles" was the top selling UK download that year, with proceeds from the sales donated to Future Forests and Stop Handgun Violence campaigns. "A Rush of Blood to the Head" won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards. At the 2004 Grammy Awards, Coldplay earned Record of the Year for "Clocks".

Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight, taking a break from touring while recording their third album. "X&Y" was released in June 2005 in UK and Europe. This new, delayed release date had put the album back into the next fiscal year, actually causing EMI's stock to drop. It became the best-selling album of 2005 with worldwide sales of 8.3 million. The lead single, "Speed of Sound", made its radio and online music store debut on 18 April and was released as a CD on 23 May 2005. The album debuted at number one in 20 countries worldwide, and was the third-fastest selling album in UK chart history. Two other singles were released that year: "Fix You" in September and "Talk" in December. Critical reaction to "X&Y" was less enthusiastic than that of its predecessor, with "New York Times" critic Jon Pareles describing Coldplay as "the most insufferable band of the decade" Comparisons between Coldplay and U2 became increasingly common, although critical reaction to the album was still largely positive. Chris Martin later revealed that the negative remarks made him feel "liberated".

From June 2005 to July 2006, Coldplay went on their "Twisted Logic Tour", which included festival dates like Coachella, Isle of Wight Festival, Glastonbury and the Austin City Limits Music Festival. In July 2005, the band appeared at Live 8 in Hyde Park, where they played a rendition of The Verve's "Bitter Sweet Symphony" with Richard Ashcroft on vocals. In September, Coldplay recorded a new version of "How You See the World" with reworked lyrics for War Child's "" charity album. In February 2006, Coldplay earned Best Album and Best Single honours at the BRIT Awards. Two more singles were released during 2006, "The Hardest Part" and "What If". The sixth and final single, "White Shadows" was released in Mexico during June 2007.

In October 2006, Coldplay began work on their fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", with producer Brian Eno. Taking a break from recording, the band toured Latin America in early 2007, performing in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. After recording in churches and other venues in Latin America and Spain during their tour, the band said the album would likely reflect Hispanic influence. The group spent the rest of the year recording with Eno.

Martin described "Viva la Vida" as a new direction for Coldplay: a change from their past three albums, which they have referred to as a "trilogy". He said the album featured less falsetto as he allowed his voice's lower register to take precedence. Some songs, such as "Violet Hill", contain distorted guitar riffs and bluesy undertones. "Violet Hill" was confirmed as the first single, with a radio release date of 29 April 2008. After the first play, it was freely obtainable from Coldplay's website from 12:15 pm (GMT +0) for one week (achieving two million downloads), until it became commercially available to download on 6 May. "Violet Hill" entered the UK Top 10, US Top 40 (entering the Top 10 in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart) and charted well in the rest of the world. The title track, "Viva la Vida", was also released exclusively on iTunes. It became the band's first number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and their first UK number one, based on download sales alone.

On 15 June 2008, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" was at the top of the UK album chart, despite having come on the market only three days previously. In that time, it sold 302,000 copies; the BBC called it "one of the fastest-selling records in UK history". By the end of June, it had set a new record for most-downloaded album ever. In October 2008, Coldplay won two "Q" Awards for Best Album for "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" and Best Act in the World Today. The band followed up "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" with the "Prospekt's March" EP, which was released on 21 November 2008. The EP features tracks from the "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" sessions and, as well as being available on its own, was issued as a bonus disc with later editions of "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". The song "Life in Technicolor II" was released as a single on 9 February 2009.
In June, Coldplay began their "Viva la Vida Tour" with a free concert at Brixton Academy in London. This was followed two days later by a 45-minute performance that was broadcast live from outside BBC Television Centre. "Lost!" became the third single from the album, featuring a new version with Jay-Z. Coldplay performed the opening set on 14 March 2009 for Sound Relief at the Sydney Cricket Ground and then played a sold-out concert later that same night. Sound Relief is a benefit concert for victims of the Victorian Bushfire Crisis and the Queensland Floods.

In 2009, Coldplay was nominated for four BRIT Awards: British Group, British Live Act, British Single ("Viva la Vida") and British Album ("Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends"). At the 51st Grammy Awards in February 2009, Coldplay won three Grammy Awards in the categories for Song of Year for "Viva la Vida", Best Rock Album for "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", and Best Vocal Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for "Viva la Vida".

On 15 May 2009, Coldplay released a live album, entitled "LeftRightLeftRightLeft" which was recorded at various shows during the tour. "LeftRightLeftRightLeft" was to be given away at the remaining concerts of their "Viva la Vida" tour. It was also released as a free download from their website.

Coldplay finished recording the new album in 2011. The band finished recording the new album in mid-2011. 
On 19 October 2011, Coldplay performed songs at an event for Steve Jobs, including "Viva la Vida", "Fix You", "Yellow" and "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall". On 26 October their concert in Spain, was streamed by YouTube as a live webcast. On 30 November 2011, Coldplay received three Grammy Award nominations for the 54th Grammy Awards. On 12 January 2012, Coldplay were nominated for two Brit Awards. On 21 February 2012, they were awarded the Brit Award for Best British Group for the third time. The album was the best-selling rock album in the UK in 2011, selling 908,000 copies. The album's second single, "Paradise", was also the best-selling rock single in the UK, selling 410,000 copies. At the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards on 6 September, "Paradise" won the award for Best Rock Video. "Mylo Xyloto" has sold over 8 million copies.

On 9 August 2013, Coldplay announced the release of their song "Altas", which was featured on the soundtrack for the movie "". Its release was pushed back to 6 September 2013 (worldwide except for the UK) and 8 September (UK). In December 2013, it was announced that Coldplay's future releases would be distributed by Atlantic Records in the US due to changes within Warner Music Group after the purchase of Parlophone Records from EMI.

On 25 February 2014, the band revealed "Midnight", a track from their unreleased album at that time. In early March 2014, it was announced that the band's sixth album, "Ghost Stories", would be released on 19 May 2014. "Ghost Stories" is a spiritually driven album that revolves around two major themes mentioned by Chris Martin. The album explores the idea of past actions, and the effects they can have on one's future and the person's ability for unconditional love. A different approach was taken by the band for the album as compared to their previous studio albums. In this album, Martin invited the band to contribute original songwriting material for the album, as opposed to building songs off his ideas as they had done during previous recording sessions.

From April to July, Coldplay held a six-date Ghost Stories Tour to support the album, playing shows in six cities: the Beacon Theatre in New York City on 5 May, Royce Hall in Los Angeles on 19 May, Casino de Paris in Paris on 28 May, Tokyo Dome City Hall in Tokyo on 12 June, Enmore Theatre in Sydney on 19 June, and closed the tour at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 2 July 2014. The album was made available for pre-order on iTunes, alongside new single "Magic". Two more singles from the album, "A Sky Full of Stars" and "True Love", have since been released. "Ghost Stories" received mixed to positive reviews. The album was at the top of the charts in the UK, the US and most major markets. It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album, and "A Sky Full of Stars" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. In December 2014, Spotify named Coldplay as the most-streamed band in the world for 2014, and the third most-streamed artist behind Ed Sheeran and Eminem.

On 11 December 2014, the band released "Miracles", which was written and recorded for the World War II drama movie "Unbroken". "Ghost Stories" was named Top Rock Album at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards. 

The release date of "A Head Full of Dreams" was confirmed to be 4 December, while Coldplay was speaking on Nick Grimshaw's "Radio 1 Breakfast Show" on the BBC on 6 November. The song "Adventure of a Lifetime" premiered on the show. The album reached number one in the UK, and number two in the US, Australia and Canada among others. The music video for "Adventure of a Lifetime" featured the band performing as chimpanzees. They were provided consultation with renowned performance capture actor Andy Serkis.

On 27 November 2015, the first dates to their 2016 A Head Full of Dreams Tour were announced. Latin America and European stops were listed, which included three dates at the Wembley Stadium, London in June. The North America Tour, one additional concert at Wembley, and an Oceania tour were later added. On 5 December, the band headlined the opening day of the 2015 Jingle Bell Ball at London's O Arena. On 7 December, they headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show, being joined by Beyoncé and Bruno Mars. In April 2016, the band were named the sixth best-selling artist worldwide in 2015.

On 26 June 2016, Coldplay closed the final day of the Glastonbury Festival in England. Their performance included a duet with Barry Gibb, the last surviving member of the Bee Gees. During the band's second night at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on 18 July, Coldplay were joined onstage by Michael J. Fox to recreate a "Back to the Future" scene. Martin sang "Earth Angel" before introducing Fox onstage to join the band in performing the Chuck Berry classic "Johnny B. Goode".

The band performed a full set in India for the first time as part of the Global Citizen Festival in Mumbai on 19 November 2016. This performance was attended by 80,000 people and also featured many Bollywood stars during the concert. In the same month, Coldplay announced in interviews with Absolute Radio and Magic Radio in London that they would be releasing new songs in a new extended play (EP) called the "Kaleidoscope EP". The band officially announced that the EP was going to be released in 2017, and it was eventually released on 14 July 2017.

On 22 February 2017, the band released "Something Just Like This", a collaboration track with EDM duo The Chainsmokers. It is the lead single from Coldplay's thirteenth EP "Kaleidoscope", and the song reached number two in the UK Singles Chart and number 3 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Together, they debuted the song live at the 2017 Brit Awards with Chris Martin also performing a tribute song to the late George Michael. On 2 March, Martin's birthday, the band released a track from the EP, "Hypnotised". Two other songs, "All I Can Think About Is You" and "Aliens", were released on 15 June and 6 July respectively. On 15 August, Coldplay announced that a live album covering the A Head Full of Dreams Tour would be released.

On 8 October 2017, Coldplay debuted their new song "Life Is Beautiful" live at SDCCU Stadium in San Diego, California. It was written in support after the earthquake that affected Mexico on 19 September. Part of the band's show was broadcast at the end of Estamos Unidos Mexicanos, a benefit concert taken place at Mexico City's Zócalo. Martin stated that the proceeds from the song and concert would be donated to relief efforts for Mexico and other countries. 

The A Head Full of Dreams Tour finished in November 2017. Grossing over $523 million, it was listed as the third-grossing concert tour of all time. The live album, "Live in Buenos Aires", was released on 7 December 2018. A second release, "Love in Tokyo", was released exclusively for the Japanese market on the same day. On 30 November 2018, Coldplay released "Global Citizen – EP 1" under the name Los Unidades. It includes "E-Lo", a song with Pharrell Williams featuring Jozzy. Proceeds from the EP were donated towards efforts to end global poverty.

On 26 September 2019, Global Citizen announced that Coldplay would perform at Global Goal Live: The Possible Dream on 26 September 2020. On 18 October 2019, mysterious black-and-white posters began appearing in various countries around the world, with the band in vintage-style clothing and a date showing 22 November 1919. The band also changed their profile pictures on social media to a sun and moon, making fans speculate an imminent release of new material. On 19 October 2019, a cryptic 5 second teaser was released on social media with orchestral music in the background. On 21 October 2019, in a letter sent to fans, the band announced that their eighth studio album would be titled "Everyday Life". It would be a double album, with the first half titled "Sunrise" and the second half titled "Sunset". 

On 23 October 2019, the album tracks were revealed in advertisements on local newspapers in the UK, including north Wales' "Daily Post" (with whom Jonny Buckland once had a holiday job), and Exeter's "Express & Echo" (the newspaper of Chris Martin's hometown). On the Annie Mac show on BBC Radio 1, "Orphans" and "Arabesque" were released as the album's lead singles, with "Arabesque" being the first Coldplay song to have profanity in it. The album was released on 22 November 2019 and marked by a double concert in Amman, Jordan. The concert, which streamed live to YouTube, was performed at sunrise and sunset, corresponding with the subtitles of the album's two halves.

Earlier, Martin had said that the band would not tour to promote the album until they could work out "how our tour can not only be sustainable (but) how can it be actively beneficial", and hope that it would be entirely carbon-neutral. However, Coldplay performed a one-off show on 25 November 2019 for the charity ClientEarth at London's Natural History Museum. The band played beneath Hope, a giant 128-year-old skeleton of a blue whale in the museum's great hall. The album debuted at number-one on the UK Albums Chart with 81,000 copies sold, making it the band's eighth consecutive UK number-one album. It was also the third fastest-selling album of 2019, behind "No.6 Collaborations Project" and "Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent". On 24 November 2020, Coldplay received two nominations for the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, with one of them being Album of the Year, their first nomination in the category since "Viva la Vida". On 21 December 2020, "Flags", originally included as a Japanese bonus track of "Everyday Life", was released internationally.

On 29 April 2021, Coldplay announced "Higher Power", a new single, to be released on 7 May 2021 with a video livestream to be aired from the International Space Station. Chris Martin stated in an interview with Zane Lowe that the band would be working with Max Martin and his team on both the song and the new album. He said, "Max is our producer right now for everything we do". On 4 May 2021, Coldplay was announced as the opening act for the 2021 Brit Awards, where they would be performing "Higher Power". 

On 22 May 2021, their pre-recorded performance at Glastonbury Festival was broadcast online. The band also showcased a new song called "Human Heart", featuring R&B duo We Are King. On 8 June 2021, the "official" music video for "Higher Power", directed by Dave Meyers, premiered on YouTube. It was followed by a simpler music video featuring the band performing the song while dancing with CGI alien holograms that premiered on 7 May 2021. On 20 July 2021, Coldplay announced that their new album "Music of the Spheres" would be released on 15 October 2021, and also announced a track titled "Coloratura", which was released on 23 July 2021.

On 13 September 2021, they announced the second single, "My Universe", with South Korean pop group BTS. It was released on 24 September 2021. The song debuted at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart, being their highest-peaking single since "Something Just Like This" and later went on to debut at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. A short documentary about the collaboration was later released on 26 September 2021 on the official BTS YouTube channel. 

"Music of the Spheres" debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, becoming the fastest-selling album in the country since Ed Sheeran's 2019 "No.6 Collaborations Project". The album debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, and reached number one on both the Top Alternative Albums and the Top Rock Albums charts. On 14 October 2021, Coldplay announced their eighth concert tour, the Music of the Spheres World Tour, which will begin in San José, Costa Rica, in March 2022. They will visit three continents, with more tour dates to be announced in the future. The tour is part of an ongoing effort to reduce the band's carbon footprint; Chris Martin explained in an interview with BBC that the tour would feature "kinetic flooring" that powers the concerts through the movement of concertgoers, as well as bicycles that do the same thing, meaning that "the whole show is powered from renewable energy". Martin said the band's goal is that they will have "slightly shifted the status quo of how a tour works". On 23 November 2021, "Higher Power" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In December 2021, Martin said Coldplay would release three more albums until 2025 during an interview for BBC, with one of them being "kind of a musical" while their last will be a "back to the basics" self-titled record. He added, however, that the band will still be active with smaller releases and worldwide touring after 2025. On 23 February 2022, the band released a new stripped-down version of "Let Somebody Go", and a cover of Kid Cudi's 2008 single "Day 'n' Nite". Both songs were part of their Spotify Singles release.

Coldplay's musical style has been defined as alternative rock, being compared to Radiohead and Oasis. Lead singer Chris Martin once proclaimed the band's music as "limestone rock". The band's music has been called "meditative" and "blue romantic"; it "reflects on their emotions" and Martin "endlessly examines his feelings". Martin's lyrical wordplay has been called feminist, similar to Andrew Montgomery of Geneva.

The tone of the band's first studio album, "Parachutes", was described as melodic pop with "distorted guitar riffs and swishing percussion". It was also described as being "exquisitely dark and artistically abrasive". In a review for "A Rush of Blood to the Head", the songs were considered to contain "lush melodies and a heartbreak" and that they had a "newfound confidence." The music on "X&Y" has been considered to be "ruminations on Martin's doubts, fears, hopes, and loves." Coldplay acknowledge the Scottish alternative rock band, Travis, as a major influence on their earlier material.

In "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", the group's style was moving towards art rock, experimenting with different instruments such as tack pianos, and even what Will Champion described as a "very crude" variant of Spanish flamenco clapping. "Prospekt's March" moved towards a more conservative style but maintained some of their experimental styles from the previous album.

Coldplay's musical style and image has also been satirically described as "bland", with its members representing the "faces of radical beige" (a neutral color). University College London's satirical newspaper, "The Cheese Grater", featured a mock article in February 2010, following the arrest of UCL student Abdulmutallab on charges of terrorism, in which they declared that "Bland, middle class rock band was not monitored, admits University College. Were Coldplay made 'radically ...' at UCL?"

Despite Coldplay's worldwide popularity, the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media, refusing its use for some product endorsements. In the earlier years, Coldplay turned down multimillion-dollar contracts from Gatorade, Diet Coke, and Gap, who wanted to use the songs "Yellow", "Trouble", and "Don't Panic" respectively. According to lead singer, Chris Martin, "We wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if we sold the songs' meanings like that." The song "Viva la Vida" was featured in a commercial for the iTunes Store, advertising its exclusive availability of the single as a digital download on iTunes. Additionally, Chris Martin appeared at an Apple Inc. Special Event on 1 September 2010, playing a number of songs, and also thanked Apple for their assistance in marketing "Viva la Vida". Coldplay supports Amnesty International. Martin is regarded as one of the most visible celebrity advocates for fair trade, supporting Oxfam's ongoing Make Trade Fair campaign. He has been on trips with Oxfam to assess conditions, has appeared in its advertising campaign, and is known for wearing a "Make Trade Fair" wristband during public appearances (including at Coldplay concerts). The band were also filmed for Make Poverty History, clicking their fingers.

During the early years, Coldplay became widely known in the media for giving 10 percent of the band's profits to charity, which they continue to do. Bass guitarist Guy Berryman said, "You can make people aware of issues. It isn't very much effort for us at all, but if it can help people, then we want to do it." The band also asks that any gifts intended for them are donated to charity, according to a response on the FAQ section of Coldplay's website. Martin spoke out against the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, and endorsed the United States Democratic presidential candidates John Kerry and Barack Obama in 2004 and 2008 respectively.

In June 2009, Coldplay began supporting Meat Free Monday, a food campaign started by Paul McCartney which attempts to help slow climate change by having at least one meat free day a week.

From 17-31 December 2009, Coldplay auctioned a quantity of significant band memorabilia, including their first guitars. Proceeds went to Kids Company, a charity which helps vulnerable children and young people in London. A month later in January 2010, Coldplay performed a slightly modified version of "A Message", entitled "A Message 2010", at the Hope For Haiti Now telethon special, raising money for the victims of the Haitian Earthquake.





Sleeping sickness

Sleeping sickness, or African trypanosomiasis, is an infectious disease. It is caused by parasites from the species "Trypanosoma brucei".

People get African trypanosomiasis from the tsetse fly. Because of this, it is most common in certain areas of Africa, especially Sub-Saharan Africa, where the tsetse fly lives. Researchers say that about 70 million people, in 36 countries, are at a high risk for getting sleeping sickness. As of 2010, sleeping sickness had caused around 9,000 deaths per year (compared to 34,000 in 1990). 

In 2013, about 30,000 people had African trypanosomiasis. Also, about 7,000 more people were getting the disease every year. More than 80% of these people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Medications can treat African trypanosomiasis. The treatment is usually done in a hospital, because the drugs have many side effects. For sleeping sickness that was not treated early, the medications used for treatment are based on arsenic, a poison. These medications are dangerous, and about 5% of people die from taking them. 

The best way to protect against African trypanosomiasis is to protect against insect bites. 

The signs and symptoms of African trypanosomiasis happen in two stages.

Common symptoms in this stage include:

If African trypanosomiasis is not treated at this point, the parasite will also get into the circulatory system and defeat the body's natural defenses. If this happens, the person can have:

This phase begins when the parasite invades the central nervous system by passing through the blood–brain barrier. 

In this stage, one of the most common symptoms is trouble sleeping. This is where the name "sleeping sickness" comes from. People in this stage often cannot sleep normally, and may be up all night and then sleep during the day.. 

Other symptoms in this stage can include:

Without treatment, a person with African sleeping sickness will go into a coma; (thus the name) all their important organs will stop working; and they will die.Damage caused in the neurological phase cannot be fixed.

Vice-President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State

The Executive Council was the cabinet of the Irish Free State, it was headed by the "President of the Executive Council".

Constitution of The Irish Free State said that the Vice President would act for the President of the Executive Council while he was absent, or until a new President was elected

Because the Executive Council only had five, six or seven members, the Vice President was also a minister in charge of a department.

Neither the ministry of the Irish Republic nor the Provisional Government had a deputy head of government, so the office of Vice-President of the Executive Council was a new idea of the Free State. In 1937 when the Constitution of the Irish Free State was replaced by Bunreacht na hÉireann the Vice President was replaced by the Tánaiste.

Tsetse fly

Tsetse flies are large biting flies that live in the tropical regions of Africa. They bite vertebrates, and drink their blood. They are the insect vectors of some serious diseases.

They have been studied a lot because they can spread sleeping sickness and other diseases.

The genus "Glossina" has about 34 species in three groups of species. One group of species lives out on the savannah; another group lives near rivers, and the third group lives in tropical forests.

Tsetse have an unusual life cycle. Female tsetse only fertilize one egg at a time and keep each egg in their uterus while the offspring develops internally during the first larval stages. During this time, the female feeds the developing offspring with a milky substance secreted by a modified gland in the uterus. 

In the third larval stage, the tsetse larva finally leave the uterus and crawl into the ground. There it forms a hard outer shell and becomes the pupa. It completes its metamorphosis into an adult fly. This takes twenty to thirty days, while the larva relies on stored resources. 

Normally, insect larvae feed themselves before pupation, but tsetse development (before it emerges as a full adult) occurs without feeding. The development is based only on nutritional resources provided by the female parent, which shows how blood is a rich source of nutrition. The female must get enough energy for her needs, for the needs of her developing offspring, and to store the resources which her offspring will require until it emerges as an adult.

Before the 20th century, people and their cattle simply did not live in areas infested with tsetse flies. In the 20th century, using pesticides after World War II caused as many problems as it solved. Now more subtle methods are preferred. Tsetse flies can be trapped by using large blue cloths as a lure. Another good method is to release irradiated male flies, which are sterile. Since females mate only once in their lives, that much reduces the population.

Pun

A pun is a joke which is a "play on words." People make puns in order to make other people laugh. Many jokes are actually puns. A pun usually uses a word which can have more than one meaning, even if the spelling is different: 

Sometimes a pun may use a whole phrase that can be heard in more than one way, as in the following knock-knock joke:

(The last sentence is supposed to mean: “This was the way I used to speak before I got my false teeth”).

There is a joke about a man who sent ten different puns to friends in the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.

(The joke here is on “no pun intended,” which is said when a person unintentionally says a pun by coincidence, and announces the find ).

There are many websites and books which have jokes, very often with puns.

Puns are easier to make in some languages than others. Languages with many homophones (words which sound the same but have a different meaning) such as the Chinese language are most suitable for puns.

Puns do not have to be about homonyms. They can sometimes be a double entendre using both a literal sense of the word and a metaphor (figurative use). For example, if a young man joins the Navy and someone says that he "sailed through his exams", this is a joke because: 1) the expression "to sail through something" means "to do it easily", but 2) the Navy is about sailing in ships. It is possible to say something like that without realizing that it is a pun. 

Another example is a story about two boys growing up and eating more and more food. One of the parents just began a new job and the other says, "I hope you can start bringing home the bacon!" In this example, bacon is a play on words meaning both money and the food, bacon. 

Many British people love making puns, especially bad puns (where a word has to be mispronounced to make the joke work). Lewis Carroll made many puns in his books "Alice in Wonderland" and "Alice through the Looking Glass".

These are also a few examples of different puns:

Really "cool" songs were heard as the rock band played on the iceberg,

"You're fired!" said the boss to the man shot from a gun.
"How is your vineyard doing?" a neighbour asked. The woman replied, "It's growing grape!" (play on words: "It's going great!")
North American P-51 Mustang

The P-51 Mustang was an American fighter made by North American Aviation during World War II. Later versions escorted American bombers over Europe and Japan. There were 5 versions of the Mustang built, called the P-51A, P-51B, P-51C, P-51D, and the P-51H. To provide more power at high altitude, the B, C, D, and H versions had a Packard-built version of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine instead of the Allison engine used in the P-51A. The Packard Merlin engine featured a more advanced supercharger, allowing much better performance above 15,000 feet when compared to the Allison. The P-51D version had a "bubble" canopy, or one unobstructed by metal supports. After World War II, it was used in the Korean War as a dive bomber and was used by many Central American air forces until the 1970s. Today, P-51 Mustangs are often used in air races.

The P-51 Mustang is an American veteran from World War II and the Korean War. The  P-51 Mustang was the first U.S. built fighter airplane to control Europe after the fall of France. Mustangs met and conquered nearly every German plane from the Junkers bombers to the Messerschmitt 262s. The P-51 was a very successful aircraft, capable of many ground attack and dogfight missions. 


Airsoft

Airsoft is a sport that uses fake guns (Airsoft guns) to battle. This game is usually compared with paintball, another sport that uses fake guns to battle. The difference between the two sports are:


Because of how simple the sport of Airsoft works (shoot people), people usually make things interesting by changing the gameplay styles. Some examples are short-term battles, organized scenarios, historical reenactments and Military Simulation. Game fields also have very different styles, from battle in small spaces, or battle in big outdoor places. Because of how Airsoft guns work, tactics used in the Military can also be used in the game.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15

MiG-15 Fagot was a jet combat airplane designed by Mikoyan, a Russian airplane company. It was intended as an interceptor but fought more often as an air superiority fighter. It first flew in 1947, and went in military service in 1949. It was one of the first to use a swept wing. It first fought in the Korean War, where it defeated the American Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star. To try to beat the MiG-15, the North American Aviation F-86 Sabre was brought in. The MiG-15 was then upgraded in to the MiG-17, so the MiG-15 went out of service. Today, it is used to train new pilots and still used by North Korea's Air Force.



North American F-86 Sabre

The F-86 Sabre (nicknamed the "Sabre jet") was an American fighter plane made by North American Aviation. It first flew in 1947, and was introduced to battle the MiG-15 in the Korean War. Unlike the fighter before it, the F-86 had swept wings to be faster.


Patrick Hillery

Patrick John Hillery (; 2 May 1923 – 12 April 2008) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and the sixth President of Ireland from 1976 until 1990. First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna Fáil TD for County Clare, he remained in Dáil Éireann until 1973. During this time he served as: 

He was Ireland's first European Commissioner, serving for three years until he became President in 1976. He never faced an election, because both time he ran for president he was unopposed.

Patrick John Hillery, known as "Paddy Hillery", was born in Spanish Point, Miltown Malbay, County Clare in 1923. He attended University College Dublin, where he studied medicine. In 1947 he returned to his home town where he followed in his father’s footsteps as a doctor. As a doctor he also spent a year working as coroner for West Clare.

Hillery married Mary Beatrice (Maeve) Finnegan on 27 October 1955. Together they had a son, John, and a daughter, Vivienne, who died after a long illness in 1985, shortly before her eighteenth birthday.

Hillery was asked by Éamon de Valera to be his running mate in the 1951 general election. He won the election and Hillery was successful on his first attempt to get elected. He only became a minister after de Valera retired as Taoiseach in 1959.

As Minister for Education, Hillery established comprehensive schools and Regional Technical Colleges.

After another election win in 1969 Hillery became Minister for External Affairs (renamed Foreign Affairs in 1972), one of the top cabinet posts. After "Bloody Sunday"), he travelled to the United Nations in New York to demand UN involvement in peace-keeping on the streets of Northern Ireland. In 1972, he negotiated Irish membership of the European Economic Community, a process that was completed in 1973.

Following Ireland's successful entry into Europe Hillery was rewarded by becoming the first Irishman to serve on the European Commission. He was appointed Vice-President of the Commission as well as having special responsibility for Social Affairs. Hillery's most famous policy was to force EEC member states to give equal pay to women.

In 1976 the new Fine Gael–Labour Party National Coalition Government of Liam Cosgrave said they would not re-appoint him to the Commission. He thought about returning to medicine, perhaps moving with his wife, Maeve (also a doctor) to Africa. When President Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh resigned, Hillery agreed to become the Fianna Fáil candidate in the election.

He was elected without a contest as the only candidate, becoming President of Ireland on 3 December 1976.

After 1982 people thought he was a very good and honest President. Before then he had been written off as boring and dull. In 1982 the Taoiseach, Fine Gael's Garret FitzGerald, lost a vote in Dáil Eireann. Dr Fitzgerald asked for a general election. As President he did not have to agree, and Dr Fitzgerald would have had to resign. This meant Dáil Éireann might choose Charles Haughey as Taoiseach. Hillery thought a new election was best, but many people from the President's own party tried to persuade him otherwise.

President Hillery refused to speak to any opposition party politicians, but when Charles Haughey, who was Leader of the Opposition, had rang the President's Office he "threatened" to end the career of the army officer answered and refused on Hillery's "explicit" orders to put the call through to the President. Hillery called the Irish Army's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to make sure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer.

In 1983 Hillery was again elected unopposed. Hillery left office in 1990 (he had served the maximum two terms), widely applauded for his integrity, honesty and devotion to duty. However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty, when he urged a "yes" vote. The referendum was carried.

In 2002, state papers released by the British Public Record Office under the 'Thirty Year Rule' and published in the Irish media, revealed how Hillery was viewed. A briefing paper, prepared for then British Foreign Secretary, Sir Alec Douglas-Home and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland William Whitelaw, observed about Hillery:



Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21

The MiG-21 Fishbed is a jet aircraft made by Mikoyan. It is a supersonic fighter aircraft and first flew in 1956. It has a delta wing and at least 30 countries used it. More than 10,000 were made, which is more than any other supersonic plane. It fought in the Vietnam War and is still being used today.

Pantyhose

Pantyhose is a piece of women's clothing that covers the waist down.

Miniskirt exposed the legs to well above the knee. They made pantyhose a necessity for many women. In 1970, U.S. sales of pantyhose exceeded stockings for the first time, and it has remained so ever since. 

Pantyhose fit tightly. Modern tights come in different colors. For every day wear women are usually chosen brown (tan color pantyhose) or black or nude (skin) pantyhose. There are popular patterned pantyhose: for example, polka dot, backseam, tattoo and so on). In addition to beautiful trendy patterned pantyhose, there are also functional pantyhose, such as modeling and compression pantyhose.

Compression pantyhose usually used for protective or medical reasons. For protection against varicose veins use only pantyhose with a low level of graduated compression. Compression pantyhose with a high level of exposure can be purchased with a doctor's prescription.


Tights

Tights are a tight fitting clothing. In American English, the term includes pantyhose. They usually fit from the waist down and are often worn in dancing. Tights in the past were made of elasticized silk or other material. Modern tights are often made of spandex.

Tights were invented in 1598, by a man called William Lee. He was a reverend and made a machine that knitted together silk.

Tights come in thin and thick options. Thinner tights are called sheer and thicker ones are called opaque. People measure this thickness uses something called "denier". They are five categories that show what denier a pair of tights is: Ultra sheer, sheer, semi-opaque, opaque and thick-opaque.

Tights are intended to maintain a wearer’s legs warm, and they arrive in a vast collection of colors, lengths, and materials. Tights come in a diverse selection of colors and patterns. 1 rule of thumb to consider is that coated leggings like the shiny metallic leggings will usually have less stretch than faux leather leggings or even our basic nylon leggings which are the absolute most easy to fit due to their unhindered stretch.


Cockatiel

Cockatiels (binomial name Nymphicus hollandicus) are small birds originally from Australia and are related to many other cockatoos. They are the second most common bird species kept as a pet. Cockatiels can live from 10 to 25 years, depending on how healthy their lifestyle is, although wild cockatiels usually live shorter. 

Cockatiels have tiny feathers on their head called a crest. The crest allows the owner to have an idea of what they are feeling; straight up if scared or excited, flat when they're angry, and slightly curved is normal/happy.

In the wild, cockatiels are prey animals, meaning there are predators that eat them. As a result, cockatiels can scare easily, especially when they meet someone or something they do not know. With enough patience and affection, an owner can tame the cockatiel and help them get over their natural fear. Like many other parrots, cockatiels are very good at climbing, and use their beak to position themselves each time.

Cockatiels come in many different colours, some naturally while others were specifically bred. Gray is considered to be their original colour, and is one of the most popular, along with Lutino (yellow). Males have a brighter crest and face, and sing louder and more frequently than females. A cockatiel has very long tail feathers compared to other birds.

Seeds make up most of their diet, but veterinarians strongly recommend various fruits, vegetables, and beans as well. However, a few of these may be harmful to them, and it is advised to be cautious with what they eat. It can be very hard to get adults to try new foods, so it is best to have them try little by little at a time instead of all at once.

Like other birds, they can be taught to do many tricks; including flips, handshakes, fly-on-command, showing their wings, and more. Patience and repetition is key, as teaching one trick can take many months. They can also be taught to sing, but may become confused and ruin the song if it's too complex.

Cockatiels are social birds, and like to spend time with others. They can become overly attached to their owners over time (especially if raised young), and may start to shriek when they feel lonely. If the owner is unable to spend a lot of time with them, getting them a partner (preferably another cockatiel) can help resolve their clinginess.

Cockatiels are Australian psittacines native to the deserts (Forshaw, 2010).
They are genetically adapted to high temperatures, amid centuries of domestication

Carvalho, T.S.G., et al. “Behavior of Cockatiels (Nymphicus Hollandicus) at Two Temperatures in
Captivity.” "Arquivo Brasileiro De Medicina Veterinária e Zootecnia", vol. 67, no. 6, 2015, pp. 1669–1674., doi:10.1590/1678-4162-7892.

North Hollywood shootout

The North Hollywood shootout was a gunfight that happened on February 28, 1997. Emil Matasareanu (July 19, 1966 - February 28, 1997) and Larry Eugene Phillips Jr. (September 20, 1970 - February 28, 1997) were bank robbers, and used AK-47s, an AR-15, an HK-91, and 9 MM pistols. The police could not easily kill them because of their heavy body armor, which was made out of kevlar. 20 people were wounded, and the only two killed were the robbers. 

Matasareanu was shot dead by police. Phillips shot himself in the head with a Beretta M92F as police shot him multiple times. His body was left in the street for about an hour before ambulances came to take his body away.

ArmaLite AR-15

The AR-15 is a semi-automatic rifle designed by the ArmaLite. The " AR" is short for "ArmaLite Rifle." 

The AR-15 is a semiautomatic rifle that discharges a single shot with each pull of the trigger until empty. The military version is the M-16, manufactured by Colt Firearms, FNMI, Harrington Richardson, Daewoo, and others. The M16 and M4, unlike the AR-15, is a select fire (semi and fully automatic) magazine fed, gas operated, shoulder fired assault rifle. 

First considered of little use, the AR-15 was considered to provide inferior accuracy to target shooters in the prestigious Service Rifle matches. The use of heavier match barrels and target sights by ArmaLite and heavier match bullets by the Sierra Bullet company produced accuracy so good that they have displaced the previous M1 and M16 rifles used in those matches.

The AR-15s light weight, accuracy, and light recoil has made it extremely popular with shooters and its use is spreading around the world. It is a useful collector's item, ranch or home security rifle, and small caliber hunting rifle and has become one of the most popular rifles in the world, and ArmaLite's are manufactured even today. 

The AR-15 is a lightweight, magazine-fed, air-cooled rifle with a rotating locking bolt actuated by propellant gas expanding within an internal gas piston operating system. It can be made in many different "styles" shooting many different types of ammunition such as the 9mm cartridge that is most often used in handguns. 

The gas for this system is tapped from the barrel and travels down a gas tube that feeds it into the bolt carrier and thus the gas (i.e. piston) cylinder. The gas expands within the piston cylinder and forces the carrier rearward. A cam pin linking the bolt to unlocking surfaces of the bolt carrier forces the bolt to unlock from the barrel and allows the assembly to drive to the rear. 

An error in an early article covering the AR-15 described the system as a "direct impingement" system. This long standing error is based on the fact that a true direct impingement system also moves propellant gasses from the barrel into the face of the carrier. Unlike pressurizing a piston cylinder in the bolt carrier, the gas of the direct impingement system simply passes into a shallow depression in the bolt carrier and actually blows the carrier to the rear. 

Barrels of current commercial variants of the AR-15 are produced in chromed, un-chromed, and stainless steel barrels with little extraction difficulty in the more moderate climate in the US. 

Even the earliest AR-15 internal piston systems were chromed plated and the rifles performed well if properly lubricated and cleaned. Nonetheless some rifle manufacturers have accused the internal piston system of inferiority and modified the rifles to an external piston system and driving rod pushing the carrier. 

Two such designs were developed for the military and found unneeded. Extreme test firing (2 000 rounds with no cleaning or lubing and no malfunctions) confirmed findings that simple lubrication keeps the rifles functioning for extreme periods, but all manufacturers recommend more frequent cleaning.

The Blitz

The Blitz was a German bombing campaign against the United Kingdom in 1940 and 1941, during the Second World War. The term was first used by the British press and came from the term , the German word for 'lightning war'.

The Germans conducted mass air attacks against industrial targets, towns, and cities, beginning with raids on London towards the end of the Battle of Britain in 1940.

By September 1940, the Luftwaffe had lost the Battle of Britain and the German air fleets () were ordered to attack London, to draw RAF Fighter Command into a battle of annihilation. 

From 7 September 1940, London was bombed by the Luftwaffe for 56 of the following 57 days and nights. Most notable was a large daylight attack against London on 15 September.

Timpani

Timpani (sometimes called kettle drums) are drums that are made out of large bowls that are usually made of copper shaped by craftsmen, which after being tuned, have a skin-like material stretched over the top. This material used to be a type of vellum or treated skin, but modern drums use a synthetic material. This top section is known as the "drumhead". 
"Timpani" is an Italian word. It is also a plural of the word "timpano". However "timpano" is rarely used in informal English. More often, a timpano is referred to as a "drum", a "timpani", or simply a "timp". Someone who plays a timpani is called a "timpanist".
Timpani are different from other drums because they are tuned to certain musical notes. A timpanist will often describe the drum as being "in voice" (or out of voice, as the case may be) when it is correctly tuned. To play it, it is hit with a special drumstick or "timpani mallet". Other drums that are used in orchestras and bands make a sound rather than a note, and are not tuned. A player normally sits with a group of two, three or four timpani around him, which is why the name timpani is in the plural. 
Timpani were originally used in official bands. They can still be seen in the bands of the modern official as in the Household Cavalry of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, in which the "kettle drums" (as they are called) are carried by large drumhorses. In the 1700s timpani became popular in orchestral music, and can be heard in the music of Handel, Beethoven and other 19th century composers wrote music that needed the timpani. Nowadays all large orchestras have timpani, and some bands that play popular music use them as well.

A timpani drumhead, also called a timpani head, can be made out of two different things. Some are made out of animal skin, like calfskin or goatskin. Other ones can be made out of thick plastic. Because plastic heads are hard to break and do not cost as much as animal skin heads, they are used more often than animal skin heads. However, a lot of professional players prefer skin heads because they think that skin heads make a better sound when they are hit. The drumhead is stretched over the bowl of the timpani and held on by screws for tuning the timpani. 
The screws that hold and tune the drumhead are called "tension rods". To tune the timpani, the "tension rods" can all be tightened or loosened. The timpani makes a higher sound if the tension rods are made tighter, and a lower sound if they are loosened. There are usually around seven tension rods on the timpani. 

Tuning a timpani by turning every tension rod by itself can be very hard, so some timpani makers invented different ways to change the drum's pitch more quickly. 

In a chain timpani, the tension rods are all attached to a chain. This chain is hooked up to a lever, and when a player moves the lever back and forth, it tightens and loosens all the screws at the same time to change the pitch of the drum. 
A pedal timpani is a timpani that uses a pedal to change its pitch. It is the kind of timpani that is used the most today. A player can push on the pedal to make the timpani play higher notes, or let the pedal come back up to play lower notes. There are three different kinds of pedal timpani:

Timpani are played with a special kind of drumstick called "timpani mallets". A player uses two mallets at a time when they play the drum. The two parts of the mallet are called the "shaft" and the "head". The head is the part of the mallet that is shaped like a circle, and is the part that hits the timpani, and the shaft is the wooden part of the mallet that is held by a timpanist. A timpani mallet's head can be made out of many things, but is usually made out of a wood sphere that is covered with felt or a thin cloth. The shaft of the mallet is usually made out of wood, like hickory, cherry, or bamboo, but can also be made out of metal, like aluminum. Some timpani mallets do not have a felt head, and just have a wooden one. These mallets are sometimes used in classical and baroque music.

In the beginning of the 20th century, some mallets had shafts made out of whale bones and heads made out of sponges.

With a pedal timpani, a player can produce different sound effects using the pedals. Performing glissando on timpani demands switching the pedals. Glissando is generated by pressing the pedal during the vertebra. Furthermore it is possible to play glissando at any volume level up or down. For example, Alexander Rahbari, an outstanding Iranian-Austrian composer used glissando effect produced by switching timpani pedals in the opening of his piece, Persian Mysticism Around G, where the player moves from Bb up to C and then rolling down to G(see the timpani part on right below). 



Hurricane Lorenzo (2007)

Hurricane Lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fourth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed in the Bay of Campeche off the east coast of Mexico where it quickly strengthened into a hurricane. It made landfall in central Mexico early on September 28 as a Category 1 hurricane.

On September 21, an area of convection formed in the western Caribbean Sea associated with a trough of low pressure. Convection increased and a wide area of low pressure formed on September 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the Yucatan Peninsula. On September 23 the area of low pressure moved over the Yucatan Peninsula and was creating thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwestern Caribbean Sea. Over the next few days the large area of low pressure was moving unevenly over the southwestern Gulf of Mexico, but convection was restricted from strong upper-level winds. By September 25 upper-level winds started decrease as conditions became more favorable for tropical cyclone formation and by that morning visible satellite imagery showed that a tropical depression could be forming about 180 mi (290 km) east of Tampico, Tamaulipas.

During the evening of September 25 a United States Air Force Hurricane Hunter aircraft found that the area of low pressure had turned into a tropical depression. The depression tracked slowly to the south and southwest into the Bay of Campeche. On September 26, convection increased and the depression was getting closer to strengthening into a tropical storm. At 0300 UTC September 27 the Government of Mexico gave out a tropical storm watch for parts of the Mexican Gulf Coast as the depression was predicted to strengthen into a tropical storm. The depression began to quickly strengthen on September 27, and the depression became Tropical Storm Lorenzo around midday. Continued strengthening that afternoon brought Lorenzo to hurricane strength, less than seven hours after being named. Lorenzo made landfall in central Mexico south-southwest of Tuxpan as a Category 1 hurricane with 80 mph winds on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Lorenzo dissipated later that afternoon as the final advisory was given out.

A tropical storm warning was given out for the central Mexican Gulf Coast on September 26. When Lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen, the warning was raised to a hurricane warning. Mexico's Civilian Protection officials declared a "red alert" for much of the state of Veracruz.

At first, no evacuations were given out right away, as a result of the up-coming start of Lorenzo, although shelters were set up in the state of Veracruz and officials cancelled classes at all local schools. Because of the fast development of the storm though, officials quickly evacuated over 100,000 people just before landfall by using bullhorns on the streets warning people of the up-coming threat.

Pemex oil production continued in spite of the threat of the system and its offshore impacts. Nonetheless, the price of oil increased to record highs of $83.90 a barrel from the concerns by investors about possible damage.

Moderate damage was reported in east-central Mexico as Lorenzo hit the area. Shacks were badly damaged by the strong winds, a lot of tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service. Flooding was also reported as rivers quickly rose from the heavy rain and wet ground. Scattered landslides were also reported. The area was already cleaning up after Hurricane Dean, which hit the area in late August.

Heavy rain was the cause to at least five deaths; which included a woman and two children in Chiconcuautla in Puebla's Sierra Norte region, and a senior citizen who fell into a hole near his home in Pánuco, Veracruz.



Supergiant

Supergiants are some of the largest stars in the universe. They are larger than giant stars, and less luminous than hypergiants. They vary greatly in size. They are towards the top of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram, a graph showing star development. Some are only 50 million kilometers across, small enough to fit inside the orbit of Mercury. The largest and brightest supergiants, also called hypergiants, are 2,200 million km across, between the sizes of the orbits of Jupiter and Saturn.

Supergiants are the old forms of old main sequence stars that had a high mass. These expanded when hydrogen ran out for fusion in their core to become red and blue supergiants. Typically, when the hydrogen in the core runs out, the star becomes a blue supergiant and then a red supergiant when hydrogen fusion occurs in a layer surrounding the core. When helium fusion starts, the red supergiant becomes a blue supergiant again. When the core becomes multi-layered with heavier elements being produced by fusion, it may turn into a red supergiant again. However, supergiants may go through the red-blue supergiant cycle numerous times, and both red and blue supergiants can end their life in a supernova explosion.

Yellow supergiants are the rarest supergiant type and are not stable. However, they are still important stars and include the Cepheid variables. They are likely just a midway point when a red supergiant changes to a blue supergiant and vice versa. Larger and brighter yellow supergiants are called yellow hypergiants.

Supergiants are rare but easy to find because they are so bright. Many stars in the night sky that the naked eye can see are rare supergiants.


The yellow supergiants famously include the Cepheid variables.


Tipton

"This is about the town in the West Midlands, England. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Tipton is a town in the Sandwell borough of the West Midlands, England, with a population of around 47,000.

Tipton is located about halfway between Birmingham and Wolverhampton. It is a part of the West Midlands conurbation, and is a part of the Black Country.

Organic matter

Organic matter (or organic material) is matter that has come from a recently living organism. It is capable of decay, or is the product of decay; or is composed of organic compounds. There is not one definition of organic matter only. It varies upon the context, the subject it is being used for.

Soil is composed of minerals and organic matter, as well as living organisms. The organic matter in soil comes from plants and animals. In a forest, for example, leaf litter and woody material falls to the forest floor. This is one kind organic material. When it decays to the point it is no longer recognizable it is called soil organic matter. When the organic matter has broken down into a stable humic substances that resist further decomposition it is called humus. 

The equation of "organic" with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances. This idea was first questioned after the "a"biotic synthesis of urea by Friedrich Wöhler in 1828.


Need for Speed: Carbon

Need For Speed: Carbon is an racing game by Electronic Arts that belongs to the "Need for Speed" series. It is the 12th game in the "Need For Speed" series and is available on many gaming systems such as the GameCube, Wii, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox, Xbox 360, and PC. It is the last in the series to be released for the GameCube and GBA, it was released on October 30, 2006.

"Need for Speed: Carbon" is like "", but the biggest change is that it is night time.

Mary Robinson

Mary Robinson (; born 21 May 1944) was the first female President of Ireland, serving from 1990 to 1997. She had been an academic, barrister, and member of the Irish senate from 1969 to 1989.

She defeated "Fianna Fáil's" Brian Lenihan and Fine Gael's Austin Currie in the 1990 presidential election, the first time Fianna Fáil had lost a presidential election.

She resigned the presidency four months ahead of the end of her term of office to begin a five-year term in the United Nations, as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. In 2002 Robinson became Honorary President of Oxfam International. She signed the Yogyakarta Principles in meeting of International Commission of Jurist and from 2008 to 2010 she was the predident of the International Commission of Jurists. 

In 2018 Robinson became embroiled in the "proof of life" controversy surrounding "The Missing Princess"(Latifa) the imprisoned daughter of the current Dubai ruler, Sheikh Maktoum. She had attended a lunch in Dubai, hosted by Latifa's step mother, Princess Haya the then, junior wife of Maktoum, in which Robinson appeared in staged photographs with Princess Latifa and publicly claimed that Latifa was being cared for by her loving family. In February 2021 Robinson retracted her former statement in a BBC Panorama broadcast, claiming that herself and Haya had both been misled and had been spun convincing and elaborate lies about Princess Latifa's alleged medical 'bipolar' history and condition.

Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina, County Mayo in 1944, Mary Robinson was the daughter of two medical doctors. The Bourke family has been in Mayo since the thirteenth century. One ancestor was a leading activist in the Irish National Land League in Mayo and the Irish Republican Brotherhood; an uncle, Sir Paget John Bourke, was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II after a career as a judge in the Colonial Service; while another relative was a Roman Catholic nun.

Robinson got the permission of the then Archbishop of Dublin, John Charles McQuaid to study in Trinity College, Dublin (TCD); at the time Roman Catholics were forbidden by church rules from studying in TCD without special permission, called a dispensation. TCD once did not allow Catholics to study. In her twenties, she was appointed Professor of Law in the college.

She was elected one of Trinity College's three members of Seanad Éireann in 1969.

She fought:

She was also on several Senate/Oireachtas committees:

In 1982, the Labour Party entered into a coalition government with Fine Gael. Many expected Robinson to be the attorney-general, but the Labour party leader instead picked an unknown, new senior counsel called John Rogers. Shortly afterwards, Robinson resigned from the party in protest at the Anglo-Irish Agreement, she said that unionist politicians in Northern Ireland should have been consulted as part of the deal.

Robinson decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989. One year later she agreed to become the first Labour candidate for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945.

The main opposition party, Fine Gael was no well organised. They gambled that former Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald would run as its candidate (but for two years he had been saying no), then they asked Peter Barry, who had previously been willing to run but had run out of patience and was no longer interested. The party's third choice was the former civil rights campaigner Austin Currie, a new TD and former minister in Brian Faulkner's power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland from 1973-1974.

Fianna Fáil chose Tánaiste and Minister for Defence, Brian Lenihan. Lenihan was popular and widely seen as humorous and intelligent. Like Robinson he had made liberal policy reforms. In the 1960s he abolished censorship, for example. He was seen as a near certainty to win the presidency. The only question asked was whether Robinson would beat Currie and come second.

But Taoiseach Charles Haughey of Fianna Fáil was not popular, and the Labour Party leader Dick Spring was becoming more popular.

During the campaign people found out that what Lenihan had told friends in private showed he had lied in public about the 1982 dissolution of Dáil Éireann.

Lenihan denied he had pressured the President but then a tape was produced of an 'on the record' interview he had given to a postgraduate student the previous May where he talked about trying to apply pressure. Lenihan claimed that "on mature recollection" he had not pressured the President and had been confused in his interview with the student. But the government threatened to fall over the issue.

Lenihan was dismissed as Tánaiste and Minister for Defence.

Lenihan still managed to win the first count. In the Single Transferable Vote system Austin Currie was eliminated and his second choice votes were counted. Most were for Robinson. Lenihan became the first Fianna Fáil presidential candidate in the history of the office to lose a presidential election. Robinson now became President.

Robinson was a popular president, before he died in 2002 Brian Lenihan said that she was a better president than he ever could have been. She often visited Britain, and became the first Irish president to visit Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. She welcomed visits by senior British royals, most notably the Prince of Wales to Áras an Uachtaráin. On one trip to Belfast she met with the local MP, Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Féin. Foreign Minister Dick Spring, who was leader of the Labour Party, privately advised her not to meet Adams. However the Government did not formally advise her not to meet with him, so she felt it would be wrong,not to meet the local member of parliament during her visit, and was photographed publicly shaking his hand. During her various visits to Northern Ireland, she in fact regularly met politicians of all parties, including David Trimble of the Ulster Unionist Party and John Hume of the Social Democratic and Labour Party.

Charles Haughey died not like her, even stopping her from delivering the important BBC Dimbleby Lecture. Haughey's successors as Taoiseach, Albert Reynolds (Fianna Fáil: 1992-94), John Bruton (Fine Gael: 1994-97) and Bertie Ahern (Fianna Fáil:1997- ) never hid their admiration of her work. Bruton and Ahern both tried to get her the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.

Robinson became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on 12 September 1997, resigning the Presidency a few weeks early with the approval of Irish political parties in order to take up the post. Newspaper reports say that she had been asked by Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan to become a public campaigner

Robinson was the first High Commissioner for Human Rights to visit Tibet, making her trip in 1998. During her tenure she criticised the Irish system of permits for non-EU immigrants, and criticised the United States' use of capital punishment. Though she had initially announced her intention to serve a single four-year period, she extended the term by a year following an appeal from Annan, allowing her to preside over the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in Durban, South Africa, as Secretary-General. Robinson's posting as High Commissioner ended in 2002.

Mrs Robinson is the twenty fourth, and first female, Chancellor of University of Dublin.

On 18 July 2007 in Johannesburg, South Africa, Nelson Mandela, his wife Graça Machel, and Desmond Tutu convened a group of world leaders to contribute their wisdom, independent leadership and honesty to tackle some of the world's toughest problems. Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group, The Elders, in a speech he delivered on his 89th birthday.

Archbishop Tutu will serve as the Chair of The Elders. The founding members of this group also include Graça Machel, Kofi Annan, Ela Bhatt, Gro Harlem Brundtland, Jimmy Carter, Li Zhaoxing, Mary Robinson and Muhammad Yunus.

The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders, including Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers; Michael Chambers; Bridgeway Foundation; Pam Omidyar, Humanity United; Amy Robbins; Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow; andThe United Nations Foundation.

As president she signed two very important Bills that she had fought for throughout her political career


Media coverage in "The Irish Times", "The Irish Independent", "The Examiner" (now renamed the "Irish Examiner"), "The Star", The Irish Mirror, "The Irish Sun", "Sunday Tribune", "The Sunday Independent", "The Sunday Times", "The Times", "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Guardian". Also briefing notes issued on various occasions (notably state, official or personal visits by Robinson abroad) supplied by the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs, The Foreign and Commonwealth Office, Buckingham Palace, Áras an Uachtaráin, the Holy See and the press offices of the United Nations (including the text of her Romanes Lecture in November 1997). Some background came via an interview with Mrs. Robinson.

"The Korea Liberator:" Criticism of Robinson's failure to speak out while North Korea deliberately starved two million of its people to death, largely during her tenure (warning: graphic image).


MotorStorm

MotorStorm is a racing video game. It is only available for the PlayStation 3. The goal of the game is to win a series of races and to be the winner of the MotorStorm Festival. Players can control seven different types of vehicles throughout the game including rally cars, big rigs, dirt bikes, ATVs, racing trucks, buggies and mudpluggers. MotorStorm has a sequel called .

Tipton (disambiguation)

Tipton may refer to:





Athletic shoe

An athletic shoe is a name for a shoe designed for sporting and physical activities, and is different in style and build than a dress shoe. Originally used mainly during sports, today they are worn as casual footwear. They are often very comfortable and usually have lots of padding.

Athletic shoes, depending on the location and the actual type of footwear, can also go by the name trainers (British English), sandshoes (Australian English) running shoes or runners (Canadian English, Australian English, Hiberno-English), sneakers (American English, Australian English), sport shoes, gym shoes, tennis shoes, tennies, sneaks, kicks (American English), takkies (South African English).

They are made of flexible kinds of material featuring soles made from rubber and an upper part made with leather or canvas. Sneakers were originally for sporting use, although today they are used as casual footwear. They are worn in school for their versatility and comfort. They are almost silent; somebody wearing sneakers can sneak up on another person. They are worn for many different types of sports.

Achtung Baby

Achtung Baby is the seventh studio album by Irish rock band U2. It was put in stores on 19 November 1991. The album came almost two years after the lead singer, Bono, said that the band would "have to go away and dream it all up again," after their 1988 album, "Rattle and Hum" was criticized.

"Achtung Baby" shows a very big change in U2's sound because they began to use alternative rock and electronic sounds in the rhythm, more production, and more guitar effects, also including darker and more personal song words. The results were much more adventurous and less traditionally rock-based than their previous albums, and "Achtung Baby" is one of U2's best-selling and most-liked albums.

Trail of Tears

The Trail of Tears was a forced movement of Native Americans in the United States between 1836 and 1839. The United States government forced Native Americans to leave their lands and move outside the United States. The U.S. then took over the Native Americans' lands and made the United States bigger. Many Cherokee died from the harsh weather, disease, or lack of food and water. 

Because thousands of Native Americans died in this forced move, it is called the "Trail of Tears."

In 1827, gold was found near Dahlonega in Georgia. This resulted in a gold rush. But at that time, a Native American nation called the Cherokees lived in Georgia. Many Cherokee children went to American schools. The Cherokees had their own newspaper and built three-story houses. Some even owned slaves. 
Even so, President Andrew Jackson wanted this land to belong to the United States. The land was worth over $7,000,000 (about $179.5 million in 2015 U.S. dollars). Jackson signed a law that forced the Cherokees to move. This was called the Indian Removal Act. However, at that time, the Cherokees had their own nation and their own government. They did not have to follow laws made by the United States. Therefore, Jackson signed laws that let him take nearly all the Cherokees' rights.

The Cherokee nation did not want to accept those laws or the Indian Removal Act, so the Cherokees' Chief John Ross decided to try to defend the Cherokee rights through the United States courts. In 1832, the Supreme Court of the United States said that the Cherokee were living in their own country, "in which the laws of Georgia can have no force." The Court said Georgia had no right to make the Cherokee do anything.

Nevertheless, the U.S. government used a treaty, called the Treaty of New Echota, to remove the Cherokee nation by force. The treaty was signed by the leader of a small group of Cherokees who had different opinions than the rest of the Nation. Since the treaty was not signed by an official Cherokee leader, it was not legal under Cherokee law. About 15,000 Cherokees signed a petition against the treaty. Newspapers and people around the United States (including John Quincy Adams) protested the treaty. The United States Senate approved the treaty by just one vote. President Jackson signed the treaty into law on May 23, 1836. The treaty gave the Cherokees two years to leave their lands.

The deadline for Cherokees to leave their land voluntarily was on May 23, 1838. President Martin Van Buren sent General Winfield Scott to lead the soldiers who would force the Cherokee to leave. Scott ordered his soldiers to "show every possible kindness to the Cherokee and to arrest any soldier who [gave] a [cruel] injury or insult [to] any Cherokee man, woman, or child."

On May 26th, the operation began. 7,000 soldiers forced about 15,000 Cherokees and 2,000 of their slaves to leave their land. All Cherokees had to leave their homes right away. Within three weeks, the Cherokees were all forced into internment camps. They were forced to stay in these camps for the summer of 1838. 353 Cherokee died from dysentery and other diseases.

Finally Chief Ross got General Scott to agree to a deal. Chief Ross promised that he and other Cherokee leaders would bring the Cherokee people to their new lands on their own. General Scott agreed and even got the U.S. Army to pay the costs for the trip.

The Cherokee travelled in groups of 1000 to 3000 people on three main routes. Different groups started in Chattanooga, Tennessee; Guntersville, Alabama; and Charleston, Tennessee. Most Cherokees had to walk; others, if they were wealthy men, could use wagons. The United States government also gave the Cherokee about 660 wagons.

The trip was about 1,200 miles long. During the trip, the Cherokees had to deal with winter weather, blizzards, and diseases. Not everybody agrees on how many people died on the trip. Some say 2,000 and others say 6,000, but most say about 4,000 people died. This was one out of every four people in the Cherokee population. They died from diseases like pneumonia, from freezing to death, from drinking bad water, and from other causes. About half of them died in camps, and the other half during the trip.

It is said that many Cherokees sang a Cherokee version of the song Amazing Grace, which became a kind of anthem for the Cherokee nation.

Finally the Cherokee who were still alive arrived in what is now Oklahoma.

There were different routes the Cherokees took. Some were by land and others by water. Some boats were destroyed, which was a danger on water routes. On the ground, people had to walk through mud and cold weather and it was harder walking on land.

This route was taken by three groups, in total 2,800 Cherokees. The first group left on June 6 and reached the territory after 13 days. All groups started at Ross's Landing at the Tennessee River. They used boats to travel to the Ohio River. They then took this river southward, which took them to the Mississippi River. From there they moved through the Arkansas River westwards. They arrived near Fort Coffee, Oklahoma. The second and third group had a lot of problems with diseases, so their trip took longer.

All others took land routes. They traveled in groups with a size of 700-1,600 people, all led by conductors chosen by John Ross, except for those, who signed the Treaty of New Enchota. They were led by United States soldiers. They usually took the southern route, and John Ross' groups the northern route. Both sides used already existing "roads". Most Cherokees took the northern route. The route lead through central Tennessee, southwestern Kentucky, and southern Illinois. The groups crossed the Mississippi north of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, then traveled through southern Missouri and west of Arkansas. Many died because of diseases, lack of water and bad road conditions. All land routes usually ended near Westville, Oklahoma. There were many more different land routes only taken by few people. These routes cover more than 2,200 miles in 9 states.



Tropical cyclogenesis

Tropical cyclogenesis is a meteorological word used to describe tropical cyclone formation, and its strengthening over the atmosphere. Tropical cyclogenesis happens when the development of a warm-core cyclone, is associated with a lot of convection in a favorable atmospheric environment. Usually, about 86 tropical cyclones of tropical storm strength form worldwide every year, with 47 reaching hurricane/typhoon strength, and 20 becoming strong tropical cyclones (at least Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale).



Archbishop

In Christianity, an archbishop is an important bishop. The jurisdiction or area governed of an archbishop; an archdiocese; is called an archbishopric. In the Catholic Church, when a bishop becomes an archbishop, he is not given any more Holy Orders or any other sacrament. The word comes from the Greek αρχι, which means "first" or "chief", and επισκοπος, which means "over-seer" or "supervisor".

Devolution

Devolution is when a central government transfers powers to a local government. It is sometimes called "Home Rule" or decentralisation.

In the United Kingdom devolution has happened in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Each of these three countries now has an elected legislature which can pass some laws and a government to administer those laws and propose new ones.

These bodies are called


England does not currently have its own parliament, but there have been increasing calls today for one.

Devolved assemblies depend on the parent body. The British government could change its mind and abolish the devolved assemblies. This happened in 1972 to the government and parliament of Northern Ireland. It had been set up in 1920, with the parliament of Southern Ireland.

This is different from a federal country. In a federal country like Germany the states, and their powers, exist because of the constitution, not because of the national parliament.


5566 (band)

5566 is a Taiwanese boy-band. The name of the band comes from the fact that there were originally five members, who worked in six areas of media and entertainment. These six areas are singing, acting, television hosting, modeling, CMs and dancing. They are signed under the record labels Jungiery Star. and Avex 

5566 is made up of Tony Sun (lead singer), Jason Hsu, Sam Wang, Zax Wang and formerly, Rio Peng.

5566's members not only work together as one, but they also work separately. For example, Sam Wang is also a member of 183 Club. Tony Sun and Zax Wang are actors in many television programmes, while Jason Hsu has been in many promotional campaigns.

Each of 5566's members has had some success before joining to make one band.

Tony Sun had released some solo albums in Taiwan dialect in the 1990s. They were quite well received. He was even called the "Taiwanese little champion." However, his lost a bit of popularity when he had to do military service.

Zax Wang was a member of POSTM3N.

Sam Wang was a national soccer player and a model. He is a member of another Taiwanese boyband, 183 Club.

Jason Hsu was at first "obese and unpopular in high school". However, he started appearing in several CMs when he lost weight.

In 2002, 5566's first appearance and sudden rise to popularity has been a controversial topic. They showcased their multiple talents in their first interview, yet their hard work was not respected, drawing lots of criticism and earning them a negative nickname, "Turkey." Their first TV series "My MVP Valentine" aired on local television, starring the band as the lead roles. The show exceeded expectations by having a higher viewership rating than several drama shows at the time. Not only did this drama help skyrocket 5566 to fame, it was also the driving force behind the careers of Angela Zhang and Johnny Yan.

Due to a serious injury while filming a variety show, Rio Peng temporary pulled out from group activities to recover. Although the remaining 5566 members confirmed that Peng was still part of the group, Peng eventually left, forming his own management company, Wingman Entertainment.

In December of the same year, 5566 released their first album, which sold 240,000 copies in Taiwan. Because the album was re-released in two additional versions, 5566 became infamous for regularly repackaging their albums. This holds true till today; "Westside Story OST" and "Top of the Forbidden City OST" are the only two albums that remain unrepackaged.

The members of the band are said to have disrespectful behaviour. The band has also been accused of having "most of their songs" as cover versions, "showing no originality and no talent in their song-writing." On the Internet, many debates have been created surrounding the band.

Some believe that the controversy was created to increase media attention and fame.

5566 have released the following Mandarin-language albums:


Fahrenheit (band)

Fahrenheit (Traditional Chinese: 飛輪海; Pinyin: Fēi Lún Hǎi) is a Taiwanese boy band. Fahrenheit has been a great success around Asia, particularly in Taiwan, China and Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Japan. The group has four members: Calvin Chen, Jiro Wang, Wu Zun and Aaron Yan. They record albums with HIM International Music record label.

The name Fahrenheit comes from each of the members representing a season or temperature matching their different personalities. Calvin Chen represents spring, warmth; Jiro Wang represents summer, hot; Wu Zun represents autumn, cool; and Aaron Yan represents winter, cold. Each of the four members also has a temperature symbolising them on the Fahrenheit scale: Calvin is at 77 degrees, Jiro is at 95 degrees, Wu is at 59 degrees and Aaron is at 41 degrees.

Wu was born and raised in Brunei for most of his life, later graduating at RMIT in Melbourne, Australia. He was entered the entertainment business while on a trip to Taiwan, when a television producer discovered him during this trip and recommended him to play the lead male role of Tokyo Juliet, which he accepted.

Aaron moved to New York, United States at a young age but later returned to Taiwan for high school and college at Chinese Culture University. Around early 2005, Comic producers had been searching for good bloggers on the Internet. They discovered him, who at that time, was popular online, and thus recommended him to go casting for a role in a TV show.

After Calvin finished high school in Taiwan, he studied in university in Canada, where he completed his master's degree in Economics at University of Victoria. He then further continued his life in Vancouver by joining the pageant-like competition Sunshine Boyz, where he won first place with a free ticket to Taiwan and a contract with a music company, as well as a role in a TV drama.

Jiro graduated in Taiwan's Fu-Shin College. He was first asked to join the entertainment industry from a singing competition. But he failed to release an album because of company difficulties, so he decided to continue his career in the industry by working backstage, mainly in fashion designing and modeling. He was approached again around 2004, when his acting career began.

Although unsure at first, Fahrenheit first gained great fame around 2005 when all of the members first starred in the series KO One on television in Taiwan. Because it felt awkward to have only three members in a boyband, Wu Zun joined the group later in late 2005. On 28 December 2005, Fahrenheit officially became a quartet boy band.



Laborschule Bielefeld

Laborschule Bielefeld (Laboratory school Bielefeld) is school in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The school was created in 1974. It is based on the ideas of Hartmut von Hentig. Laborschule Bielefeld tries new ways of teaching. The University of Bielefeld runs the school.

Laborschule Bielefeld has students from grade 0 through grade 10. Each grade has 60 students in it with a total of 660 students in the school. Laborschule Bielefeld does not group children by age. It groups them by level of learning. In that way, there are groups of children of different ages that are together to learn. Only students in grades nine and ten get written marks for their work.

The school was rated with a PISA-Test. The test showed that students at the school were generally better at reading and in sciences than students of the same age who went to other schools.

Jody Scheckter

Jody David Scheckter (born January 29, 1950) is a South African former auto racing driver. He won the Formula One drivers' title in 1979 driving for Ferrari.

He is only South African to win the Formula One Championship. He is of Jewish descent.

Programme for International Student Assessment

The Programme for International Student Assessment is a test done by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). It is done every 3 years. In the test, 15-year-old schoolchildren are tested in different subjects. Their grades can then be compared. It is used to say that a certain school (or schooling system) does better or worse than a different one, on a certain subject. 


Doris Lessing

Doris Lessing (Doris May Tayler, 22 October 1919 – 17 November 2013) was a British writer. In 2007, she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. Reporters told Doris that she had won the Nobel prize and they asked her "Are you not surprised?". She said she had already "won every other European literature prize" so winning prizes was normal.

Lessing was born in Iran on 22 October 1919. Her parents were both English. They met at the Royal Free Hospital. Her father, Captain Alfred Tayler, was a patient because he had lost his leg in World War I. Her mother, Emily Maude Tayler (maiden name McVeagh), was a nurse.

Alfred Tayler and his wife moved to Kermanshah, Iran. He started a job there as a clerk for the Imperial Bank of Persia. Doris was born here in 1919. Later, the family moved to the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (now called Zimbabwe) in 1925 to farm maize.

Lessing studied at the Dominican Convent High School in Salisbury (now Harare). It was a Roman Catholic convent school for girls. She left school aged 14, and taught herself after that. She left home at 15 and worked as a nursemaid. She started reading about politics and sociology and began writing around this time. In 1937, Lessing moved to Salisbury to work as a telephone operator. She soon married her first husband, Frank Wisdom. They had two children (John and Jean), before the marriage ended in 1943. She took care of future author Jenny Diski after her parents abused her. Diski lived with Lessing for four years in London.

After her divorce, Lessing became more involved with members of the Left Book Club. She had joined this communist book club the year before. She met her second husband, Gottfried Lessing there. They married soon after she joined the group, and had a child named Peter. This marriage ended in divorce in 1949. Gottfried Lessing later became the East German ambassador to Uganda. He was murdered in the 1979 rebellion against Idi Amin Dada.

She went to London to pursue her writing career and communist ideals. Lessing left two young children with their father in South Africa. Peter, from her second marriage, went with her. She later said that she thought she had no choice at that time. She felt she had done the best she could and that she was not the best person to raise the children. She would have been very frustrated like her mother had been because it was diificult for an intelligent woman to spend all of her time with young children.

The largest collection of Lessing's writing is at the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center, at the University of Texas at Austin. There are 45 boxes of Lessing's materials at the Ransom Center that contain nearly all of her available manuscripts and typescripts up to 1999. Lessing kept none of the originals of her early manuscripts. Other institutions, including the McFarlin Library at the University of Tulsa, hold smaller collections.

During the late 1990s, Lessing suffered a stroke which stopped her from travelling during her later years and focused her mind on death. Lessing died on 17 November 2013 at her home in London, aged 94.



An Najaf

Najaf (; Transliterated: An Najaf; ) is a city in Iraq. It is about 160 km south of Baghdad. In 2008, about 900.583 people lived there. The city is the capital of Najaf province. It is one of the seven holy cities of Shi'a Islam. It is the center of Shia political power in Iraq.

The city is home to the Imam Ali Mosque, where Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib, the fourth caliph is buried. Shia Muslims consider the mosque to be the third holiest Islamic site.

Hārūn ar-Rashīd founded the city on the site of Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib's grave in the 8th century.

Najaf was badly damaged during the Iran-Iraq War and the Gulf War. In 1991, there was a Shiite uprising in Najaf, which was suppressed by Saddam Hussein. This conflict caused many deaths, there are mass graves around the city. In 2003, a suicide bombing caused widespread damage. 120 people died, including the moderate imam Muhammad Baqir al-Hakim.

In April 2004, forces of Muqtada as-Sadr captured the city, as well as the city of Kut. Before the 2004 elections, a part of the occupying forces left the city.

This mosque is the most important Shi'a mosque in Iraq. The city is now a great center of pilgrimage from throughout the Shi'a Islamic world. It is estimated that only Mecca and Medina receive more Muslim pilgrims. Shia Islam's second most important figure is buried in Najaf. the Imam Ali Mosque is considered by Shias as the third holiest Islamic site.

The Imam Ali Mosque is housed in a grand structure with a gold gilded dome and many precious objects in the walls. Nearby is the Wadi-us-Salaam cemetery, reputed to be the largest in the world. It contains the tombs of several prophets and many of the devout from around the world aspire to be buried there, to be raised from the dead with Imām Alī on Judgement Day. Over the centuries, numerous hospices, schools, libraries and Sufi convents were built around the shrine to make the city the centre of Shīʻa learning and theology.

The Najaf seminary is one of the most important teaching centres in the Islamic world. Ayatollah Khomeini lectured there from 1964 to1978.
Many of the leading figures of the new Islamic movement that emerged in Iraq, Iran and Lebanon in the 1970s studied at Najaf.

Karbala

Karbala (Arabic:كربلاء; Transliterated:Al Karbala; also known as Karbala al-Muqaddasah, in the West, sometimes spelled Kerbela) is a city in Iraq. It is about 100 km southwest of Baghdad. It is the capital of Karbala Province. For Shi'a Muslims the city is one of the holiest cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf. As of 2024, Karbala has a population of 1 million people who identify as Shia.

Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?

Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader? is a television game show based on asking grade-school level questions to adults. The format started with the United States version, which first aired on FOX in February 2007. The show was created by Mark Burnett, the same person behind the hit show "Survivor". The show has since been made in many other countries; some use the same title, and some use different titles. 

In Australia, the show is on the Ten Network. The top prize is AU$500,000.

A syndicated version of the show aired in the United States from September 2009 to March 2011. Contestants answer eight questions (ten in Season 1), and can answer a 5th grade bonus question for ten times the amount they earned from those questions. Unlike other versions of the show, the game does not end after a wrong answer. Instead, the contestant loses their earnings up to that point.

Washington State University

Washington State University is a university in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a land-grant university in Pullman. It is also the original and largest land-grant university in the state. The university was founded on March 28, 1890. Their team is the Washington State Cougars.

Land-grant university

A land-grant university is a college or university first built on land the United States government owned. They were made so that more people could go to college, and to do research that helps farmers. Every state has at least one.

Pullman, Washington

Pullman is a city in Whitman County, on the eastern border of Washington. The town's population was measured in 2000 as 24,675.

The main campus of Washington State University is located in Pullman, along with primary and secondary schools.

Vought F-8 Crusader

The F-8 Crusader was an American fighter plane made by Vought. It first flew in 1955, and went into the Navy and Marine corps in 1957. It was the only fighter plane in the Vietnam War to have both guns and missiles on it. It was slowly replaced by the F-4 Phantom II and was retired in 1999. There was also a different type of it called the RF-8 Crusader, meant for spying. It also took the pictures of Soviet missiles during the Cuban Missile Crisis.


LTV A-7 Corsair II

The A-7 Corsair II was an attack plane like the F-8 Crusader. It was made by Ling-Temco-Vought. It first flew in 1965, and went into militaries in 1967. It can take off from aircraft carriers, and can carry bombs meant to destroy enemies on the ground.Later the Corsair ll was replaced by the F/A-18 Hornet.

Note that it is called the "Corsair II" because there was an airplane called the F4U Corsair.


McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II

The F-4 Phantom II is an American fighter-bomber. It was mainly used during the Vietnam War. It was first flown in 1958 and was shown in 1960. The plane could carry four AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles and four long range AIM-7 Sparrow missiles, but it did not have a gun. Later, the E model had a cannon mounted on it. After the F-15 Eagle replaced it, it was used as a bomber and the G model was used as a Wild Weasel. It is currently used by countries such as Turkey and Iran. 


Kappa (folklore)

The Kappa (also called Kawatarou, Kawako, Kawaranbe, Gatarō) is a character in Japanese folklore. It is water spirit ("yōkai") that is responsible for mischief. The Kappa is said to be the size of a 6 to 10-year-old boy. It has the body of a tortoise and an ape-like head. The most notable thing about its body is a hole in its head that holds the kappa's strength giving water. They are said to live off of blood and to drain the life out of people. They are known for innocent pranks such as theft, but it is also said that they will rape women and eat children. The only things kappas enjoy more than children are cucumbers. To write a name on a cucumber and to throw it into a river is said to save that person from being eaten by the kappa.

Bowser (known as "Kuppa" in Japan), the main antagonist of the popular Nintendo's "Mario" videogame series, was based on the creature.


Oni (folklore)

An Oni is a creature from Japanese folklore. They are described as large monsters who resemble ogres, trolls and demons. Sometimes they are described with horns usually wearing a jaguar skin loincloth and are very masculine.

Tengu

Tengu are a group of creatures from Japanese folklore. They are recognized for either a bird-like appearance or occasionally a human with a large nose or beak.

John McCain

John Sidney McCain III (born August 29, 1936) was an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Arizona. McCain was the Republican Party's candidate in the 2008 United States presidential election. McCain married businesswoman Cindy McCain in 1980.

McCain's father and grandfather had been Admirals in the United States Navy. His great-great-grandfather was a slave owner in Mississippi. He served as a naval aviator during the Vietnam War. When his plane was shot down, he was captured by the North Vietnamese military. He was a prisoner of war with Colonel and future Washington State Senator Leo K. Thorsness for more than five years. During that time, he was tortured.

In 1982, McCain was elected to the United States House of Representatives. He represented Arizona. In 1987, he became a U.S. Senator for Arizona. In 2000, McCain tried to be the Republican Party candidate for President of the United States, but George W. Bush was chosen. In 2008, he was chosen as the Republican candidate. His running mate was Sarah Palin. He opposed several foreign policies of the Obama administration. On November 4, 2008, he lost to Barack Obama.

McCain was popular for his support of the Arab Spring, protests and uprisings inside the Arab World, and protests outside those regions like many Russian protests. He said that the recent protests were worldwide and he encouraged intervention in the Syrian civil war.

In July 2017, McCain under went surgery to remove a blood clot, causing Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to delay a vote on the Better Care Reconciliation act to replace Obamacare. On July 19, 2017, it was announced McCain had glioblastoma, an aggressive brain cancer.

On April 15, 2018, he underwent surgery for an infection complicated by diverticulitis and the following day was reported to be in stable condition.

On August 24, 2018, McCain's family announced that he was stopping treatment for his brain cancer. McCain died the next day at his home in Cornville, Arizona, four days before his 82nd birthday.

After McCain's death, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) announced that he would introduce a resolution to rename the Russell Senate Office Building after McCain.

WikiHow

wikiHow is a wiki-based website with a collection of articles which tell people how to do things. The site uses version 1.12.0 of MediaWiki. As of August 2017, wikiHow contains more than 190,000 free how-to articles and over 1.6 million registered users. wikiHow's mission is to create the world's largest collection of how-to information. In May 2011, wikiHow had 36 million unique readers.

In January 2005, Jack Herrick and Josh Hannah started wikiHow. On April 28, 2006, wikiHow was launched on its own www.wikihow.com domain.

wikiHow's censorship policy "usually" does not allow articles about things that:

Some people complain that this does not support the idea behind an educational resource.


Cebu City

Cebu City is a metropolis. It is one of the largest cities in the Philippines. It is the capital of Cebu Province.

It is often called the "Queen City of the South". Cebu is the main center of Christianity in the Philippines. The city has a lot of interesting history. Cebu was a fishing village and busy trading port in 1521 when the famous explorer Ferdinand Magellan visited it and died there. The center of the city has become modern and is well developed. There are also 44 smaller towns. Cebu has recently become the favorite tourist spot of the country.

Oregano

Oregano ("Origanum vulgare"), also known as pot marjoram, is a species of "Origanum". It is native to Europe, the Mediterranean region and southern and central Asia. It is a perennial herb. It can grow to 20–80 cm tall. Its leaves are opposite each other. They are 1–4 cm long. The flowers are purple. They can grow 3–4 mm long. The name of the plant comes from the Greek "origanon" [ὀρίγανον]: oros [ὄρος] “mountain” and the verb "ganousthai" [γανοῦσθαι] “delight in”. 

The subspecies of oregano "Origanum vulgare hirtum" is an important herb. It is used for cooking, especially in Turkish cuisine and Italian cuisines. The leaves are used for cooking.

Oregano is often used for tomato sauces, fried vegetables and grilled meat. Together with basil, it adds much to the special character of many Italian dishes.

Oregano is an ingredient needed for Turkish cuisine. It adds flavour to the Turkish choban salad. It can be used separately. It can also be added to the lemon-olive oil sauce that goes with almost every fish or meat barbecues and some casseroles.

Oregano has an aromatic, warm and slightly bitter taste. The taste varies in intensity; good quality is so strong that it almost numbs the tongue, but the cultivars adapted to colder climates have often unsatisfactory flavour. The influence of climate, season and soil on the composition of the essential oil is bigger than the difference between the various species.

The related species "Origanum onites" (Turkey, Asia Minor) and "O. heracleoticum" (Italy, Balkan peninsula, West Asia) have similar flavours. A closely related plant is marjoram from Asia Minor. That plant has a completely different taste. This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil. Some breeds show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram. The Oregano plant is also commonly found in the mediterranean region, and the black sea.


Origanum

Origanum is a genus of herbs. They are native to the Mediterranean and Asia. well-known members include Oregano and Marjoram. Some of the species are used by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species.

Basil

Basil ("Ocimum basilicum") ( or ) is a plant of the Family Lamiaceae. It is also known as Sweet Basil or Tulsi. It is a tender low-growing herb that is grown as a perennial in warm, tropical climates. Basil is originally native to India and other tropical regions of Asia. It has been cultivated there for more than 5,000 years. It is prominently featured in many cuisines throughout the world. Some of them are Italian, Thai, Vietnamese and Laotian cuisines. It grows to between 30–60 cm tall. It has light green, silky leaves 3–5 cm long and 1–3 cm broad. The leaves are opposite each other. The flowers are quite big. They are white in color and arranged as a spike. Is the Medicinal plant. 

The plant tastes somewhat like anise, with a strong, pungent, sweet smell. Basil is very sensitive to cold. It is best grown in hot, dry conditions. While most common varieties are treated as annuals, some are perennial, including African Blue and Holy Thai basil. 

The word "basil" comes from the Greek βασιλεύς ("basileus"), meaning "royal". This is because it is believed to have grown above the spot where St. Constantine and Helen discovered the Holy Cross. The "Oxford English Dictionary" quotes speculations that basil may have been used in "some royal unguent, bath, or medicine". Basil is still considered the "king of herbs" by many cookery authors. An alternative etymology has "basil" coming from the Latin word "basilicus", meaning dragon and being the root for basilisk, but this likely was a linguistic reworking of the word as brought from Greece.

Most of the time, Basil should be used fresh. In recipes it is generally added at the last moment. Cooking it quickly destroys the meal. The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator. Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time. In both cases, it needs being blanched quickly in boiling water. The dried herb also loses most of its flavour, and what little flavour remains tastes very different, with a weak coumarin flavour, like hay.

Mediterranean and Indochinese cuisines frequently use basil. In Mediterranean cuisines it is often combined with tomato. Basil is one of the main ingredients in pesto—a green Italian oil-and-herb sauce from the city of Genoa. The other two main ingredients of Pesto are olive oil and pine nuts. The most commonly used Mediterranean basil cultivars are "Genovese", "Purple Ruffles", "Mammoth", "Cinnamon", "Lemon", "Globe", and "African Blue". Chinese also use fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods. In Taiwan, people add fresh basil leaves into thick soups (羹湯; gēngtāng). They also eat fried chicken with deep-fried basil leaves.

Basil is sometimes used with fresh fruit and in fruit jams and sauces. Most commonly this is done with strawberries, but also raspberries or dark-colored plums. Some people say that the flat-leaf basil used in Vietnamese cooking is more suitable for use with fruit.

When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous. They are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet. Such seeds are known variously as "sabja", "subja", "takmaria", "tukmaria", "falooda", or "hột é". They are used for their medicinal properties in Ayurveda, the traditional medicinal system of India.

Several other basils, including some other "Ocimum" species, are grown in many regions of Asia. Most of the Asian basils have a clove-like flavour that is generally stronger than the Mediterranean basils. In China, the local cultivar is called 九層塔 ("jiǔcéngtǎ"; literally "nine-level pagoda"), while the imported varieties are specifically called 羅勒 ("luólè") or 巴西里 ("bāxīlǐ"), although [巴西里] often refers to another different kind plant—parsley.

'Lemon basil' has a strong lemony smell and flavour very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral. It is widely used in Indonesia, where it is called "kemangi" and served raw, together with raw cabbage, green beans, and cucumber, as an accompaniment to fried fish or duck. Its flowers, broken up, are a zesty salad condiment.

Basil grows well in hot weather. It behaves like an annual if there is any chance of a frost. In Northern Europe, the northern states of the U.S., and the South Island of New Zealand it will grow best if sown under glass in a peat pot. It can be planted out in late spring/early summer, when there is little risk of frost. It fares best in a well-drained sunny spot.

Although basil will grow best outdoors, it can be grown indoors in a pot. Like most herbs, it will do best on a south-facing windowsill (in the Northern Hemisphere). It should be kept away from extremely cold drafts. It grows best in strong sunlight. A greenhouse or cloche is ideal if available. Basil plants can even be grown in a basement, under fluorescent lights.

If its leaves have wilted from lack of water, it will recover if watered thoroughly and placed in a sunny location. Yellow leaves towards the bottom of the plant are an indication that the plant needs more sunlight or less fertilizer.

In sunnier climates such as Southern Europe, the southern states of the U.S., the North Island of New Zealand, and Australia, basil will thrive when planted outside. It also thrives over the summertime in the central and northern United States, but dies out when temperatures reach freezing point, to grow again the next year if allowed to go to seed. It will need regular watering, but not as much attention as is needed in other climates.

Basil can also be propagated very reliably from cuttings in exactly the same manner as "Busy Lizzie" (Impatiens), with the stems of short cuttings suspended for two weeks or so in water until roots develop.

If a stem successfully produces mature flowers, leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers, the stem becomes woody, and essential oil production declines.To prevent this, a basil-grower may pinch off any flower stems before they are fully mature. Because only the blooming stem is so affected, some can be pinched for leaf production, while others are left to bloom for decoration or seeds. 

Once the plant is allowed to flower, it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds. These can be saved and planted the following year. Picking the leaves off the plant helps "promote growth", largely because the plant responds by converting pairs of leaflets next to the topmost leaves into new stems.

Basil suffers from several plant diseases that can ruin the crop and reduce yield. Fusarium wilt is a soilbourne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants. Seedlings may also be killed by Pythium damping off. 

A common foliar disease of basil is gray mold caused by "Botrytis cinerea", can also cause infections post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant. Black spot can also be seen on basil foliage and is caused by the fungi genus "Colletotrichum".

Basil, like other aromatic plants such as fennel and tarragon, contains estragole, a known carcinogen and teratogen in rats and mice. While human effects are currently unstudied, the rodent experiments indicate that it would take 100–1000 times the normal anticipated exposure to become a cancer risk.

There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil. The French call basil ""herbe royale"". Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting. It is a symbol of love in present-day Italy, but represented hatred in ancient Greece, and European lore sometimes claims that basil is a symbol of Satan. African legend claims that basil protects against scorpions, while the English botanist Culpeper cites one "Hilarius, a French physician" as affirming it as common knowledge that smelling basil too much would breed scorpions in the brain.

Holy Basil, also called 'Tulsi', is highly revered in Hinduism and also has religious significance in the Greek Orthodox Church, where it is used to prepare holy water. It is said to have been found around Christ's tomb after his resurrection. The Serbian Orthodox Church, Macedonian Orthodox Church and Romanian Orthodox Church use basil (Macedonian: "босилек"; Romanian: "busuioc", Serbian: "босиљак") to prepare holy water and pots of basil are often placed below church altars.

In Europe, they place basil in the hands of the dead to ensure a safe journey. In India, they place it in the mouth of the dying to ensure they reach God. The ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks believed that it would open the gates of heaven for a person passing on. 

In Boccaccio's "Decameron" a memorably morbid tale (novella V) tells of Lisabetta, whose brothers slay her lover. He appears to her in a dream and shows her where he is buried. She secretly disinters the head, and sets it in a pot of basil, which she waters with her daily tears. The pot being taken from her by her brothers, she dies of her grief not long after. Boccaccio's tale is the source of John Keats' poem "Isabella or The Pot of Basil". A similar story is told of the Longobard queen Rosalind.



Cockapoo

A Cockapoo (also called a Spoodle or Cockerpoo) is a hybrid dog. It is a mix of an American Cocker Spaniel and a Poodle; (in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle), or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo.

The Cockapoo has been around since 1950 and the first dictionary reference was a 1960 Oxford English Dictionary citation. Because it is a mixed breed, it is not recognised by purebred kennel clubs.


Short story

The short story is a genre of literature. It is usually fictional narrative prose and tends to be more direct and less-detailed than longer works of fiction, like novels.

Short stories are closely related to oral (spoken) story-telling traditions and prose anecdotes. They all develop the story very quickly and come to a conclusion quickly too.

Many authors today release their short stories together in a book, instead of one at a time. A short story can be written in only 10 words or less.

2014 Winter Olympics

The 2014 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXII Olympic Winter Games, is the 22nd Games of the Winter Olympics. It is an international winter sports event that was held from February 7 to February 23, 2014. The host city was Sochi in Russia. It was chosen on July 4, 2007, during the 119th International Olympic Committee (IOC) meeting in Guatemala City, Guatemala. This was Russia's first time hosting the Winter Olympics (the Soviet Union hosted the 1980 Summer Games in Moscow though). These were also the first winter games in a subtropical city.

Fifteen winter sports were played in the 2014 Winter Olympics program. Sports included were ones that are generally played in the winter. They include skiing, ice skating, ice hockey, and curling. A total of twelve new events was contested to make it the largest Winter Olympics to date. The following sports were played:

Most of the stadiums will be built at a place called Sochi Olympic Park near the Black Sea coast All of the venues(stadiums) being used are new. The venues are near each other. This will provide a great compactness of the concept with the Olympic Stadium and all indoor venues of the Olympics will be gathered within walking distance.

Hoewever, some parts of the Olympics, mainly skiing and snowboarding, will take place away from the main area. These events will take place at Krasnaya Polyana (Mountain Cluster)
Rosa Khutor Plateau Olympic Village

The opening ceremony of the Games was held on 7 February 2014. It was held from 20:14 to 23:02 local time. The Games were officially opened by Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia. There was an audience of about 40,000 people. The performance part of the ceremony was mainly about Russian classical music. The pop duo t.A.T.u performed as well.

The site of the opening ceremony was Fisht Olympic Stadium. This was built just for the games. It will be used only for the opening and closing ceremonies.

In 2013, a law against 'homosexual propaganda' was made in Russia. Cher chose not to perform at the Winter Olympics because of the law.
On 27 January 2014, the mayor of Sochi said that there are no gay people living in Sochi.
On the first day of the Olympics, 7 February 2014, four gay rights activists were arrested in St Petersburg, including one pregnant woman.

Organizers received several threats prior to the Games. In a July 2013 video release, Chechen Islamist commander Dokka Umarov called for attacks on the Games, stating that the Games were being staged "on the bones of many, many Muslims killed ...and buried on our lands extending to the Red Sea."

Threats were received from the group Vilayat Dagestan, which had claimed responsibility for the Volgograd bombings under the demands of Umarov, and a number of National Olympic Committees had also received threats via e-mail, threatening that terrorists would kidnap or "blow up" athletes during the Games. However, while the IOC did state that the letters "[contained] no threat and appears to be a random message from a member of the public", the U.S. ski and snowboarding teams hired a private security agency to provide additional protection during the Games.

1944 Winter Olympics

The 1944 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were not held.

The games would have been held in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. Cortina d'Ampezzo had won the right to host the event in June 1939.

The games were cancelled because of World War II.


1940 Winter Olympics

The 1940 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were not held.

The games were planned to be in Sapporo, Japan, but the Japanese organisers withdrew in 1938 because of the Second Sino-Japanese War.

The IOC decided to give the Winter Olympics to St. Moritz, Switzerland. There were some problems between the Swiss organisers and the IOC so the Games were cancelled again. The IOC then gave the 1940 Winter Olympics to Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. Garmisch-Partenkirchen had hosted the 1936 Winter Olympics. The Games were to be held from February 2 - 11 1940.

The games were cancelled because of World War II.


Alonso Berruguete

Alonso González de Berruguete (Alonso Berruguete) (c. 1488 – 1561) was a Spanish painter, sculptor and architect. He is considered to be the most important sculptor of the Spanish Renaissance, and is known for his emotive sculptures, which had religious meanings.

Alonso Sánchez Coello

Alonso Sánchez Coello ( 1531/32 – 8 August 1588) was a portrait painter of the Spanish Renaissance. He was one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting.

Western European Union

The Western European Union (WEU) was a European defence and security organization. It was set up by Treaty of Brussels of 1948, West Germany and Italy joined in 1954. It should not be confused with the European Union (EU). The WEU headquarters were in Brussels. After the Cold War its functions were gradually transferred to the European Union and the Council of Europe. It was dissolved on 31 March 2011.

The Treaty of Brussels was signed by the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands on March 17, 1948. It was changed on October 23, 1954 when West Germany and Italy joined. 

The WEU's three main aims are:

The WEU was led by a Council of Ministers, helped by a Council of Permanent Representatives (ambassadors). The Parliamentary Assembly eventually had the same members as the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe). Social and cultural activities were handed to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication.


Guy Fawkes Night

Guy Fawkes Night (also known as Bonfire Night) is a firework festival in Britain. It remembers the Gunpowder Plot of 5 November 1605. 

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is a scientific agency of the United States government that monitors the oceans surrounding the United States and the atmosphere. NOAA warns people about dangerous weather, charts seas and sky, guides the use and protection of ocean and coastal resources, and conducts research to help understanding and stewardship of the environment. In addition to its civilian employees, NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Corps.


Tracey Ullman

Dame Tracey Ullman, (born 30 December 1959) is a British-American comedian, actress, singer, dancer, screenwriter and author. She is most famous for being the host of her variety television show, "The Tracey Ullman Show".

Ullman was born in Buckinghamshire. She emigrated to the U.S. and ended up having her own network television series, "The Tracey Ullman Show", from which "The Simpsons" was spun off in 1989.

She was the voice of Little Lulu for a while.

The Tracey Ullman Show

The Tracey Ullman Show was a weekly American television variety show, hosted by British comedian and former pop singer Tracey Ullman. It debuted on April 5, 1987 as the FOX network's second primetime series (after "Married... with Children"), and ran until May 26, 1990. The show featured sketch comedy along with many musical numbers, featuring Emmy Award-winning choreography by Paula Abdul. It also produced the hugely successful spin-off, "The Simpsons".


Joaquín Sorolla

Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida (February 27, 1863 – August 10, 1923), was a Spanish painter, born in Valencia. He excelled in the painting of portraits, landscapes, and large works of social and historical themes. His most typical works are skillful pictures of the people and landscape under the Spanish sun.

Laienspiegel

The work commonly referred to as Laienspiegel is a book of law. It was published in Mainz, in 1509. Its full title is "Laijen Spiegel. von rechtmässigen ordnungen in Burgerlichen vnd peinlichen regimenten. mit allegation[en] vn[d] bewerungen auß geschribnen rechten vnnd gesatzen". This can be roughly translated as "A layman's guide, of the correct order of civil and criminal regiments, with illustrations of written rights and laws.". It was written by Ulrich Tengler, and published by Sebastian Brant. There was a second edition in 1511. The work was very important, there were 14 editions of it in the 16th century.

The work is divided in three parts. It contains private law, criminal law, and law of the public institutions. The publication is much like the Klagspiegel of 1436. Other similar works are the Malleus Maleficarum of the 13th century, and the Constitutio Criminalis Bambergensis.


Berlin Blockade

The Berlin Blockade was from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949. It began when the Soviet Union "blocked" railway and road access by the three Western powers (the Americans, British, and French) to the Western-occupied sectors of Berlin. The blockade stopped after the Western powers used airplanes to airlift food and other things that people needed.

The Soviet Union began the blockade because they thought that monetary reform in the three German Occupation zones controlled by the Western powers which started on 21 June 1948 made the western parts of Germany too strong and wanted to force the west out of their occupation zone. 

When the Allied Powers met at Potsdam they agreed to divide Germany into four occupation zones, American, British, Soviet, and French. They divided Berlin into four zones as well. Berlin was surrounded by the Soviet occupation zone, so the only way to get to the three western controlled sectors was driving through Soviet-controlled territory.

The Soviet Union began the blockade because they thought the western half of Germany (controlled by the UK, USA and France) was becoming too strong, because one currency had recently been introduced throughout the entire western half - the Deutsche Mark. The Soviets were worried that a single currency would help the economy of the western half recovered quickly from the damage caused by the Second World War, and that this stronger western half would eventually develop into a country (it eventually did, called West Germany). The Russians wanted one Germany, without an army, that they could easily control. The Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union had killed one in seven Soviet people, and the Soviets feared that Britain, France and America might try to launch their own invasion at some point in the future. They therefore wanted as much land between them and France as possible, so that any major war would be fought in central Europe, and not in the Soviet Union where Soviet civilians might be killed (which is what had happened during WWII). 

Germany also has lots of coal and iron near its border with France. The Soviets wanted to use the coal and steel to help rebuild their own country, but these resources would be difficult to access if the western half of Germany turned into a capitalist country that was allied to Britain, France, and the USA. If Germany was a single neutral country, gaining access to these resources would be easier because Germany could be bullied by the Soviet Union.

On 24 June 1948, the Soviet Union blocked access to the three Western-held sectors of Berlin. They cut off all rail and road routes going through Soviet-controlled territory in the United States. They also blocked routes by river and canal to the Baltic Sea. The Western powers had arranged a treaty with the Soviets guaranteeing the right to use the roads, railways and waterways.

The commander of the U.S. occupation zone in Germany, General Lucius D. Clay, wanted to send some tanks along the Autobahn from West Germany to West Berlin, with instructions to fire if they were stopped or attacked. President Truman said no, because that may start a war. Clay was told to ask General Curtis LeMay, commander of United States Air Forces in Europe, to see if an airlift was possible. General Albert Wedemeyer, the U.S. Army Chief of Staff, was in Europe when the blockade began. He had been commander of the American forces in India and China in 1944–45. He knew about the Allied airlift from India over "The Hump" of the Himalayas to China. He was in favour of starting an airlift.
The first flight of the airlift was thirty-two C-47 cargo planes on 26 June 1948. They carried 80 tons of cargo including milk, flour, and medicine.

So many things had to be flown into Berlin that aircraft took off every three minutes. If an aircraft missed its landing place it could not fly around the airfield and try again, it had to return to its base. This was easier and safer than holding up the aircraft following behind.

The Americans also recruited ex-Luftwaffe aircraft mechanics to help with maintenance, when the Allies realised that the blockade was going to last longer than the expected three weeks.

British, U.S., Australian, Canadian, New Zealand and South African pilots flew in the airlift. The French were fighting in their colonies in South-East Asia and could not spare many aeroplanes for the airlift. Instead they built a new and larger airport in its sector, on the shores of Lake Tegel. They completed the building in less than 90 days. Today it is the Berlin-Tegel International Airport.

Hundreds of aircraft, nicknamed "Rosinenbomber" ("raisin bombers") by Berliners, were used to fly in a wide variety of cargo, ranging from large containers to small packets of candy with tiny individual parachutes intended for the children of Berlin, were flown out of Berlin on return flights.

278,228 flights were made, and 2,326,406 tons of food and supplies, including more than 1.5 million tons of coal, were delivered to Berlin.

The USSR lifted its blockade at midnight, on 11 May 1949. But, the airlift did not end until 30 September 1949, because the Western states wanted to build up enough supplies in West Berlin in case the Soviets blockaded it again.

The three major Berlin airfields involved were Tempelhof, in the American Sector, RAF Gatow in the British and Tegel in the French. To keep everything safe, air traffic control was located at Tempelhof. A new four-power organization also started, Berlin Air Safety Center (BASC). BASC only closed down in 1990, when Germany was reunited and the ordinary German civilian air traffic control took over.

The British had about 150 C-47 Dakotas and 40 Avro Yorks. The RAF was also using 10 Short Sunderlands and later by Short Hythe flying boats. These flew Finkenwerder on the Elbe near Hamburg to the Havel river. The flying boats were designed to resist rust and water damage so were very useful for transporting bulk salt, which would have rusted the other planes. Many other aircraft were later used, and the British had flown in about 100,000 tons of cargo by the end of the blockade.

39 British and 31 U.S. pilots died during the blockade. There is a monument with their names in front of Tempelhof airport. Similar monuments can be found at the military airfield Wietzenbruch near Celle and at Rhein-Main Air Base
Tegel was developed into west Berlin's principal airport, and by 2007 had been joined by a redeveloped Berlin-Schoenefeld in Brandenburg. As a result of these two airports Tempelhof 1980s Schoenefeld had had its own crossing points through the Berlin Wall for western citizens.




Francisco Herrera the Younger

Francisco Herrera the Younger (Sevilla, 1622 - Madrid, 1685), was a Spanish Baroque painter and architect. His father was Francisco Herrera the Elder, also a painter.

Francisco Herrera the Elder

Francisco Herrera (1576-1656) was a distinguished Spanish painter, born at Seville. He was the founder of the Seville school. His son was Francisco Herrera the Younger, also a painter. 

Lancelet

The lancelets, also known as Cephalochordata or Leptocardii, are a group of primitive chordates which were formerly called "Amphioxus". It includes "Pikaia".

Lancelets are the modern survivors of an ancient chordate lineage, with a fossil record dating back to the Cambrian period. The lancelets are usually said to be the sister group of the craniates. They are a small group of about 30 species in two genera.

Lancelets are usually found buried in sand in shallow parts of temperate or tropical seas. In Asia, they are harvested commercially as food for humans and domesticated animals. They are an important object of study in zoology as they give indications about the origin of vertebrates.

Lancelets serve as an intriguing comparison point for tracing how vertebrates have evolved and adapted. Although lancelets split from vertebrates more than 520 million years ago, their genomes hold clues about evolution, particularly how vertebrates have employed old genes for new functions. They are regarded as similar to the archetypal vertebrate form.

The genome of the Florida lancelet ("Branchiostoma floridae") has been sequenced. "Most authors regard amphioxus as the closest relative of the Vertebrata on the basis of 10–15 [morphological] features that are not seen in tunicates".

Regional internet registry

A regional Internet registry (RIR) is an organization which is responsible for registering Internet numbers in a special part of the world.

There are 5 active RIRs in the world:


Anna Göldi

Anna Göldi (or Anna Göldin, Göldin is the female form of the name) (24 October 1734 - 13 June 1782) was probably the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.

Göldin was born into a poor family and worked as a servant. She had two children. Her first child died shortly after being born, and Göldin was accused (and sentenced) for killing it. She later worked for a physician from Glarus, Jakob Tschudi, who was one of the richest and most influential people in the Canton of Glarus. When she worked there, small needles were found in the milk for one of the daughters of Tschudi. Additionally, Tschudi's relatives claimed that the daughter had spewn nails on several occasions.

For this reason, Göldin was accused of bewitching Tchudi's daughter. Under torture, she confessed that she had used the powers of the Devil. On 13 June 1782, she was sentenced to die by the sword, but the verdict did not mention witchcraft. The execution followed soon afterwards. After the execution, the paper trail was destroyed. Despite these efforts, the case created an uproar in other parts of Switzerland and in Germany because the public saw Göldin as an innocent victim.

Walter Hauser, a journalist, looked at sources that were not known to date. He thinks Göldin might have had an affair with her master, Johann Jakob Tschudin. During this affair, he might possibly have raped her. Adulterers were seen as unfit to hold a public office, at the time. For this reason, Tschudi may have decided to do away with Göldi. He initiated the trial for witchcraft, which ended in her execution.

Gertrud Pinkus made a film about Anna Göldin's life, in 1992. It is called "Anna Göldin - Letzte Hexe". In it Cornelia Kempers plays Anna Göldin.

In March 2007, both the government and the Church of Glarus refused to say Anna Göldin had been innocent, 225 years after her execution. They said that in the minds of the people of Glarus, this rehabilitation had already taken place.

On 20th September 2007, the Swiss parliament decided that in Anna Göldin's case, justice was wrong. Fritz Schiesser, as representative for Glarus in the Swiss parliament, called for Anna Göldin's exoneration. A museum is open in Glarus dedicated to her.

What is the Neue Zürcher Zeitung today published a description on the 9th of February, 1782. In it, the authorities of Glarus offered a reward to whoever captured Anna Göldin, and bring it to them:


Neue Zürcher Zeitung

The Neue Zürcher Zeitung (often shortened to NZZ) is a Swiss daily newspaper. It is based in Zürich. It is one of the oldest newspapers that is still published today. It was first published (as "Zürcher Zeitung") on January 12, 1780. Politically, the paper holds liberal values. Other newspapers which are still published, and have a similar age, are the Wiener Zeitung (published since 1703) and the Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung (published since 1705).


KOffice

KOffice is a free office suite for the K Desktop Environment (KDE). All its components have been released under free software/open source licenses. The latest version of KOffice is 1.6.3, which was released on June 7, 2007. 

KOffice is primarily designed for Unix operating systems, but in the future there will likely be a Microsoft Windows and native Mac OS X version of all the applications.

KOffice applications uses OpenDocument as their native file format when possible.

The suite is released separately from KDE and can be downloaded at the KOffice homepage.

KOffice includes the following components:

KOffice includes import filters for some file formats provided by competitors.


Senna (herb)

Senna, the sennas, is a large genus of flowering plants in the legume family (Fabaceae, subfamily Caesalpinioideae, tribe Cassieae). This diverse genus is native throughout the tropics, with a small number of species in temperate regions. The number of species is estimated to be from about 260 to 350. The type species for the genus is "Senna alexandrina". About 50 species of "Senna" are known in cultivation.

ATM

ATM or atm can mean:


Tropical Storm Gabrielle (2007)

Tropical Storm Gabrielle was a tropical storm that moved over eastern North Carolina before turning out to the sea. It was the seventh named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. Gabrielle formed as a subtropical cyclone on September 8 about 385 miles (625 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina. Wind shear affected the storm for much of its existence. However, a brief decrease in the amount of shear let Gabrielle become stronger and become a tropical storm. On September 9, Gabrielle reached the coast of North Carolina. Turning to the northeast, the storm quickly weakened and died out on September 11. The storm dropped heavy rainfall near where it reached land, but little rain in other areas. Total damage was minor, and there were 5 deaths.

A dying cold front moved off the coast of Georgia on September 2 and left behind clouds and showers that moved slowly east. These began to organize, and by late on September 4, the
thunderstorms had gotten bigger east of the system's center. On September 5, a Hurricane Hunters aircraft reported that the system had not yet become a tropical or subtropical cyclone. A trough caused some wind shear, which stopped the storm from gaining strength. However, the area soon became better for the storm to get stronger.

The storm started to develop, about halfway between North Carolina and Bermuda. The storm began to turn slowly toward the west-northwest. On September 7, its center became slightly stronger. On September 8, the storm was named Subtropical Storm Gabrielle by the National Hurricane Center. At this time, Gabrielle was about 385 miles (625 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina.

After becoming a subtropical cyclone, Gabrielle was in an area with cooler air to the north, dry air to the south and west, some wind shear, and cooler water temperatures along the storm's path. These conditions made it so the storm could not strengthen much. However, a curved line of thunderstorms formed in the storm's northern and western sections, and the circulation became better organized. Later, the rainbands died out, leaving the center of the low pressure system far away from the area of thunderstorms. To be a strong tropical cyclone, the center and the thunderstorms need to be located over each other. Soon, the storm began to gain more strength, and it was renamed to Tropical Storm Gabrielle on September 7 while located about 185 miles (300 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina.

Wind shear slowly went down as the storm passed over the Gulf Stream, allowing strong thunderstorms to quickly form near the center, and at about 15:45 UTC, Tropical Storm Gabrielle hit the coast of North Carolina. It had winds possibly as strong as 60 mph (95 km/h) at time. The storm turned to the north and north-northeast, and re-entered the ocean on September 10. Gabrielle weakened to a tropical depression, and still kept scattered thunderstorms near it as it tracked along the northern part of the Gulf Stream. By midday on September 11, Gabrielle died out to the south of Canada. By early the next day, the remnants of Gabrielle were absorbed by another cold front.

Gabrielle became a subtropical storm. Then, the National Hurricane Center sent out a tropical storm watch from Edisto Beach, South Carolina to Oregon Inlet in North Carolina, including the Pamlico Sound. As the storm came close to land, the storm watch for areas south of Cape Fear, North Carolina was taken away. At the same time, a tropical storm warning was declared from Surf City, North Carolina to the North Carolina – Virginia state border. A tropical storm watch was also issued for parts of the Delmarva Peninsula and Chesapeake Bay.

Before the storm arrived, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks. For about 12 hours, the ferry between Hatteras and Ocracoke was closed down. The governor of North Carolina put rescue teams on standby. Some people were told to tighten down loose objects, and to stay inside when the storm passed over. Because the tropical storm was expected to be minor, no evacuations were ordered. On Ocracoke Island, boats were taken out to prepare for Gabrielle. The threat of the storm made it so a fishing contest was canceled at Atlantic Beach.

At first, forecasters, or weather men, were not sure where Gabrielle would go. They said it was possible for the storm to hit areas as far north as New York. Big waves and rip currents were predicted, so the Coast Guard helped to prepare for the storm in the Northeastern United States. On Cape Cod, Massachusetts, a jet airplane flew along the coastline, giving storm advisories to offshore boats. A Coast Guard patrol boat was sent offshore for search and rescue. Sailors were told to be very careful in the storm. However, the storm passed well to the south with little effect.

Big waves from Gabrielle along the coast of Florida caused a surfer to drown. Around 200 others had to be rescued from the rough seas. People at New Smyrna Beach, Florida said waves reached .

By September 9, the outer rainbands of the cyclone began hitting southeastern North Carolina. Constant high winds occurred along coast, reaching 44 miles per hour (71 km/h) at Frisco. Wind gusts were sometimes stronger; a gust of 61 miles per hour (98 km/h) was recorded at Ocracoke. Along the coast of North Carolina, waves were high. Rip currents caused many swimmers to be rescued by lifeguards. There was not much rain from the storm in most areas, but near the storm's center, 9.03 inches (229 mm) of rain fell.

Where the most rain fell, some flooding formed. This prevented farmers from harvesting their crops. Much of North Carolina was considered to be in a drought, so people hoped Gabrielle would bring needed water. However, in most locations, no rain occurred. The storm left part of North Carolina Highway 12 on Hatteras Island closed for three hours because of flooding. Other streets in Morehead City and Beaufort were closed. A few buildings in the area had minor damage from the flooding. In Carteret County, the flood waters did $5,000 in damage. Storm surge from Gabrielle was small, at just above normal at Hatteras Island. Overall damage in the state was minor and 5 people died.

When the storm was called "Gabrielle", it was the fourth time that the name was used for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean. The name was used previously in 1989, 1995, and 2001. Because Tropical Storm Gabrielle was not bad, the name Gabrielle was not retired and was later used for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.



Donkey vote

A donkey vote is when someone puts numbers on an election ballot paper in the same order that the candidates are listed. For example, if a ballot paper had J. Smith on the top line, M. Doe on the middle line and N. Citizen on the bottom line, and the voter put a 1 beside J. Smith, a 2 beside M. Doe and a 3 beside N. Citizen, that would be called a donkey vote. Donkey votes are counted in election results because a person could have wanted to vote in that way, the votes are formal, a number is placed in all boxes.


Marià Fortuny

Marià José María Bernardo Fortuny y Carbó (June 11, 1838 - November 21, 1874), was a Spanish painter. His brief career encompass both the Romantic fascination with orientalist themes, but also moved towards a prescient loosening brush-stroke and color.

He was born at Reus, a town near Taragon in the province of Catalonia in Spain. His father died when he was an infant, his mother by age 12, thus Mariano was raised by his grandfather, a cabinetmaker, raised him. His grandfather taught him to make wax figurines. At the age of 9, at a public competition in his town a local patron, Domingo Soberano, encouraged further study. 

At the age of 14 years he moved to Barcelona with his grandfather. A sculptor, Domingo Talarn, secured him a pension of to allow him to attend the Academy of Barcelona. There he studied for four years under Claudio Lorenzale, and in March of 1857 he gained a scholarship that entitled him to two years of studies in Rome starting in 1858. There he studied drawing and grand manner styles.

In 1859, he was called by the Spanish government to depict the campaigns of the Spanish-Moroccan War (1859)|Spanish-Moroccan War. The expedition lasted for only about six months, and he returned to Spain in the summer of 1860.


No Doubt

No Doubt was a third wave ska and alternative rock band from Anaheim, California, United States. There are four members in the band currently: Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Adrian Young and Tom Dumont. Eric Stefani and John Spence (now dead) were former members. No Doubt was formed in 1986. Their most successful album was "Tragic Kingdom", which spawned many singles, including "Don't Speak", which was at number-one for sixteen weeks in the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay Chart.

The band's trademark sound combines ska and reggae with alternative rock, pop, and punk.

The band is currently on an hiatus and performed their last shows in 2015. Tony, Tom & Adrian has formed a band called "Dream Car" while Gwen Stefani continues to pursue her career as a soloartist.

No Doubt formed in 1986 in Anaheim, California, but with the name "Apple Core", and with members Gwen Stefani, her brother Eric Stefani, and their friend John Spence. They played several concerts under that name. During one of the concerts, Tony Kanal was there. He was impressed with the band, and became their bassist. He later began dating Gwen (which lasted for seven years.)

However, Spence committed suicide in December 1987. The rest of the band was shocked, and broke up, but reformed a few weeks later because they thought that's what Spence would have wanted. They soon got Tom Dumont as a new guitarist. He was formerly in a band called Rising with his sister. One year later, the band hired Adrian Young as a drummer. When he joined, he said he had been playing the drums for five years, even though he had only been playing for two months.

The band released their first album, "No Doubt", in 1992. One single was released from it, "Trapped in a Box". 

In 1995 they released their second album, "The Beacon Street Collection". It got better reviews than "No Doubt" and two singles were released from it.

On October 10, 1995 "Tragic Kingdom" was released. It was their first album to chart, and it was very successful. It has sold over sixteen million copies.

On April 11, 2000 "Return of Saturn" was released on Interscope. Four singles were released from it.

The band's fifth album "Rock Steady" was released December 11, 2001.

On 25 November 2003 "The Singles 1992-2003" was released. No Doubt made a new song for it, a cover of "It's My Life" by Talk Talk. It was nominated for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 2005 Grammy Awards.

"Everything in Time (B-sides, Rarities, Remixes)" was released October 12 2004.

Between 2004 and 2008 the band's members did things separate from the band. Singer Gwen Stefani released a solo album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby".

In 2012 the band released their first studio album in over ten years, "Push and Shove". Two singles were released from the album, "Settle Down" and "Looking Hot".

No Doubt stated music artists like Blondie, Juanes, Red Hot Chili Peppers, David Bowie, Electronic Light Orchestra, Lene Lovich, Squeeze, The Cars, The Go-Go's, Violent Femmes, The Police, Billy Idol, Cyndi Lauper, Devo, Fishbone, Madonna, Prince, The Toasters, Madness, Talking Heads, The Beat, The Specials, Operation Ivy, Bad Manners, Bow Wow Wow, Desmond Dekker, Duran Duran, INXS, Patty Smyth, The Selecter and The Vandals as influences.




Matchbox Twenty

Matchbox Twenty (or MB20, MBT, matchbox twenty, originally spelled Matchbox 20) is an alternative rock band from Orlando, Florida, United States. The members of the band are Rob Thomas (vocals, piano), Kyle Cook (guitar), Brian Yale (bass), Paul Doucette (guitar) and Ryan MacMillian (drums). Matt Beck is a live member, playing several instruments in their shows. Adam Gaynor was formerly with the band. He left it in 2005. Their three studio albums have been popular worldwide, and they have sold more than 29 million copies. They are "Yourself or Someone Like You", "Mad Season" and "More Than You Think You Are". They released recently an album with new material and their biggest hits, called "Exile on Mainstream".

Rob Thomas, Brian Yale, and Paul Doucette were part of the band Tabitha's Secret, which was based in Orlando, Florida, with fellow members Jay Stanley and John Goff, before splitting to start a new band (what was to become Matchbox Twenty). After recruiting Adam Gaynor from Criteria Recording Studios in Miami and Kyle Cook from the Atlanta Institute of Music, the band named themselves "Matchbox 20" and won a recording contract with Atlantic Records.

Matchbox Twenty released their debut album, "Yourself or Someone Like You", in 1996. While their first single, "Long Day", was a rock radio-only success, the album soon spawned several Top 40 singles throughout 1997 and 1998, including "Push", "3 A.M.", "Real World", and "Back 2 Good". "Push" and "3 A.M." did not chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart due to the rule in effect prior to 1998 that required a song to be released as a single in order to appear on the Hot 100. "Real World" and "Back 2 Good" proved to be the band's first entries into the "Billboard" Hot 100, after the rule was terminated. The album eventually sold more than 12 million copies in the U.S. alone, achieving a diamond certification. In 1998, Matchbox Twenty recorded a live version of their single, "3 A.M." for release on the charity album "Live in the X Lounge", benefiting United Cerebral Palsy research. The band was sued by New Yorker Frank Torres for using his image without his permission on the cover of "Yourself or Someone Like You". Torres had been walking down the street when he was asked by a photographer to pose for a picture.

Before recording their second album, Rob Thomas collaborated with Itaal Shur on a song called "Smooth" for Carlos Santana's comeback album, "Supernatural". Thomas was supposed to act only as a songwriter for "Smooth", but Carlos Santana had him sing for it after hearing the song's demo. "Smooth" was the album's lead single and became a hit in 1999. Thomas won three Grammy Awards for writing and performing on "Smooth": Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Popular Music Collaboration with Vocals.

During 2000, Matchbox 20 renamed themselves to Matchbox Twenty and released their second album, "Mad Season". The album, on the strength of several successful singles, including "Bent" (which peaked No. 1 on the Hot 100 chart) and "If You're Gone", was certified 4x platinum in the United States. The video for "Bent" made fun of singer Thomas' increased fame from "Smooth" by showing the other band members assaulting him. The next two singles, "Mad Season" and "Last Beautiful Girl" were not as successful.

For their third album, "More Than You Think You Are", the band revived more of a rock sound. Thomas shared the songwriting efforts with the other band members on several songs. The album again spawned successful singles "Disease" (written with Mick Jagger), "Unwell", and "Bright Lights". The album was not as successful commercially as the previous two, and received mixed reviews from critics. However, the album had an enormous radio presence for well over a year.

During 2003, the band released "EP", consisting of six songs. The EP had never before released live and acoustic versions of previously released songs like "Push" and "If You're Gone", as well as a new track, "Suffer Me".

In May 2004, the band released a live DVD, "Show: A Night in the Life of Matchbox Twenty", filmed in Atlanta and featuring 20 songs, including all of their previous successful singles.

In February 2005, rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor officially left the group, which had been on hiatus to allow other members to pursue side projects. Rob Thomas released a solo album, "…Something to Be", which debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200. The album featured four successful singles: "Lonely No More", "This Is How a Heart Breaks", "Ever the Same", and "Streetcorner Symphony".

In January 2007, Rob Thomas released a single, "Little Wonders", which he wrote for the Disney movie "Meet the Robinsons".

The group reunited and began performing during 2007, with the release of their 'retrospective' album "Exile on Mainstream", on October 2, 2007. "How Far We've Come" was the first single from the new album, which was followed by the second single, "These Hard Times". "Exile on Mainstream" included four other new songs and a complete collection of all eleven of their previously released singles. The album was also released in the new MVI (Music Video Interactive) format, which included two video interviews discussing the six new songs and eleven greatest hits, plus extras including a photo gallery, U-MYX (to remix "How Far We've Come"), buddy icons and wallpapers. "How Far We've Come" was released on the band's MySpace page in July 2007, with the video released on September 6, 2007.

Matchbox Twenty toured during early 2008 with Alanis Morissette and opener Mutemath. The band began their US tour on January 25, 2008, in Hollywood, FL, and concluded in Las Vegas, NV, on March 18, 2008 before heading to Australia and New Zealand, where the Australian band Thirsty Merc was the supporting act. Following Australia, Matchbox Twenty visited the UK for the first time in five years to play six concerts in Cardiff, Wembley, Birmingham, Glasgow, and Manchester. Matchbox Twenty performed at the 2008 NASCAR Sprint Cup award ceremony.

When the band finished touring later during 2008, Rob Thomas began work on his second solo album, "Cradlesong". He stated in an interview to "Billboard" that he expected that the other members of the band might begin work on Matchbox Twenty's next album without him. At the concert at Mohegan Sun Casino on December 18, 2009, Rob Thomas said that he was not frequently playing Matchbox Twenty songs at his 2009 tour stops because the band was planning to tour together in 2010.

At the Taste of Chicago on July 2, 2010, Thomas said that Matchbox Twenty would be recording in the fall for their fourth studio album. On September 4, 2010, while on VH1's Top 20 Music Video Countdown, Thomas stated that Matchbox Twenty was planning to start working on their next studio album in mid-September and that he was 80% sure that the album would be released sometime in 2011. Rob Thomas posted on Twitter that he was "heading out next week to start writing the new mb20 record" on September 13, 2010. It was stated on Matchbox Twenty's web site that the next show they will do together is on January 1, 2011 in Oklahoma. According to Paul Doucette, the new Matchbox Twenty album will likely be completed in the beginning of 2012. He explained, "That's the same question I was asking. We don't know -- the beginning of next year, we hope. It's a real important record for us. We haven't done anything in a long time. The older we get, the more we realize and appreciate the good fortune we have to do what we do at this level. Realistically, how many more times do we get? So we're going to really make this record the one we want it to be."

Matchbox Twenty played a one-off live show in Temecula, California on July 9, 2011, but no new material was played. During the show Rob Thomas stated the show was a "love letter to our fans."

"North" was released on September 4, 2012. The album's first single, "She's So Mean," was released on June 12, 2012.

In 2012, the band embarked on a worldwide tour, the North Tour, to promote the album. The tour continued as the 2013 Summer Tour, when they co-headlined with the Goo Goo Dolls.


Albany, Western Australia

Albany is a city on the south coast of Western Australia. In 2006, there were 25,196 people living in Albany. The city centre is in between two hills, Mount Melville and Mount Clarence.

Albany is built on King George Sound, named by Captain Vancouver in 1791. Major Edmund Lockyer started the first settlement here on 21 January 1827. The Governor of Western Australia, James Stirling, named the city Albany in 1832 after Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany, the second son of King George III.

Kalgoorlie

Kalgoorlie is a city in Western Australia. It is 593.1 kilometres east of Perth. It is the largest urban centre in the Goldfield-Esperance region, with an population of 30,000. It was founded in the 1890s in response to the gold rush at the time. It has a hot semi-arid climate (BSh in the Koeppen climate classification).

Joondalup

Joondalup is a suburb and regional city in Perth, Western Australia. It was established in the 1980s. In 2001, the suburb had a population of 6,927. The suburb was named after Lake Joondalup which is located on the eastern side of the suburb. In relation to the other establishments in Perth, Joondalup is a relatively new settlement, as it was undeveloped until the 1960s.

Mandurah, Western Australia

Mandurah is a city south of Perth, Western Australia. It has a population of 65,000. It is the fastest-growing regional city in Australia. Mandurah connected with the new Mandurah railway line late in 2007 strengthening the transport connection with Perth. The foreshore of the city is home to many marine animals.

Bunbury, Western Australia

Bunbury is the third largest city in Western Australia, behind Perth and Mandurah, with a population of 54,967. It is 175 kilometres south of the Perth CBD. It was founded in 1836. Bunbury is connected to Perth via transport by the Transwa Australind passenger train.

Rockingham, Western Australia

Rockingham is a coastal suburb in the city of Perth, Western Australia. It in 2006 it had a population of 13,000.
It was made a town in 1897.

Rockingham was connected with Perth by the Mandurah railway line in 2007.

Esperance, Western Australia

Esperance is a town in Western Australia. Around 10,421 people lived in Esperance in 2016. Started in 1896, Esperance is found near the south-east coast of the state. It is halfway between Albany, Western Australia and the South Australian border. Esperance's main industries are tourism, fishing, and agriculture.

Mandurah line

The Mandurah railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened around Christmas in 2007. The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Midland, Fremantle and Armadale.

Transperth

Transperth is the brand of the public transport system in Perth, Western Australia. Transperth was launched in 1986. It supplies public bus, train and ferry services.

Train services run on five lines that spread over the Perth metropolitan area. The lines are named Joondalup, Midland, Fremantle, Armadale, and Mandurah. The Mandurah was opened late in 2007. All trains are operated using electricity. A new line to the Perth Airport via the Bayswater railway station is being constructed which is expected to be compeleted in mid-2021.

Bus services run throughout the metropolitan area. A circular bus route is the CircleRoute
which links major shopping centres, universities and railway stations.

Ferry services operate across the Swan River between the Perth CBD and South Perth. The ferry is popular for people to go to the zoo located in South Perth.

Passengers can take rides by buying cash tickets or using the ticket system known as "SmartRider".

Joondalup line

The Joondalup line is a major public transport railway line in Perth, Western Australia. It runs through Perth's northern suburbs. The line was established in 1992 where is extended north to Joondalup. In 1993, it was extended to Currambine and farther extended in 2004 to Clarkson. A new station was completed in 2005 at Greenwood. The line will be later connected with the new Mandurah railway line late in 2007, allowing passengers to ride in the same train to Mandurah without changing at Perth station to transfer between trains.

Armadale railway line

The Armadale railway line is a major public transport route in Perth. It runs through the metropolitan area's south-eastern suburbs, connecting between Perth and Armadale. A spur line connects the Armadale after Cannington to Thornlie.

Silverchair

Silverchair was a rock band from Newcastle, Australia. The band's members were Daniel Johns, Chris Joannou and Ben Gillies, and were only around 12 and 13 when they founded the band. Silverchair is the only artist to score five number-one albums in the Australian Charts. Their studio albums are "Frogstomp", "Freak Show", "Neon Ballroom", "Diorama" and "Young Modern". The band has released many singles, their number-one singles being "Tomorrow", "Freak" and "Straight Lines".

Avet Terterian

Avet Terterian (1929 - 1994) was a leading Armenian composer, awarded by Konrad Adenauer prize.
He composed eight (completed) symphonies, an opera and several chamber works.

Several of his symphonies are recorded (the date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error, since the publisher's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work).

Yekaterinburg's annual music festival is named after him.


Bob Denard

"Colonel" Robert "Bob" Denard (April 7, 1929 in Bordeaux - October 14, 2007), also known as "Gilbert Bourgeaud" and "Saïd Mustapha Mahdjoub", was a French mercenary. He was one of the most famous mercenaries after World War II. 

During his time in the French Navy Denard fought in Indochina and in Algeria, and spent some time in jail. He subsequently served as a policeman in French Morocco. Afterwards he became a mercenary and fought in African countries like Congo, Angola, Rhodesia, Gabon and especially in the Comoros.

He converted from Roman Catholicism to Judaism, from Judaism to Islam, and from Islam to Roman Catholicism.

He was married seven times and was the father of eight children. He practiced polygamy after his conversion to Islam.

Denard had Alzheimer's disease at the time of his death.

Eutheria

Eutheria is the taxonomical name for the main group of living mammals.

This taxon contains the placental mammals, of which humans are one species.

Eutheria was introduced by Thomas Henry Huxley in 1880. Members of Eutheria are now found on all continents and in all oceans.

The terms 'Eutheria and 'Placental' do not mean quite the same thing. A few early eutherians in the Lower Cretaceous were not placentals. "Eomaia" is the earliest example.

All living Eutherians are placental mammals. This means that a Eutherian fetus is fed during gestation by a placenta. The offspring of Eutherians are carried in the mother's uterus until fully developed.

Eutherians are different from other mammal groups such as monotremes and marsupials which (like the earliest eutherians) are not placental.

Monotremes, for example, lay eggs which protect the young until they are fully developed. Marsupials give birth to young who are not completely developed. Their young then move to a special pouch in the mother's body to continue their development.

The earliest known eutherian species is the extinct "Eomaia scansoria" from the Lower Cretaceous in China.

Marsupials are relatively speechless. So we can place the development of mammalian speech to about 200 million years ago with the early placental mammals.


Tito Beltrán

Tito Ernesto Beltrán (born July 1 1965) is a Chilean tenor. Tito Beltrán was born in Punta Arenas, Chile. Beltrán left Chile in 1986 to study in Sweden where he lived until he moved back to Chile in the early 2010s. He has performed at many opera houses around the world. He also performs at different scenes and TV-shows in Sweden. Since February 2007 he has been performing at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. This is where he sings in the operas "La Traviata" and "Tosca".

In October 2008, Beltrán was sentenced to 2.5 years in prison for rape and sexual abuse. He got conditional liberty in February 2010.


Cetartiodactyla

Cetartiodactyla is the taxonomical superorder which includes whales (and dolphins) and even-toed ungulates. The name was created by merging the name for the two orders, Cetacea and Artiodactyla, into a single word. 

Cetartiodactyla is used because it is thought that whales evolved from the artiodactyls. Because of this, their closest living land relative may be the hippopotamus. 

Leonardo

Leonardo is a male given name. Many people have this name. The name is Germanic in origin. It means "Strong as a lion." This name was ranked #87 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Tetrapod

Tetrapods (Greek "tetrapoda" = four feet) are vertebrate four-legged land animals. This kind of locomotion is called quadrupedal. 

Amphibians, reptiles, dinosaurs (including their direct descendants, the birds), and mammals are all tetrapods. Even though snakes do not have limbs, they are tetrapods because they evolved from animals with four limbs.

The earliest tetrapods evolved from the Sarcopterygii (lobe-finned fish) into air-breathing amphibians, perhaps in the Upper Devonian period. This means the transition took place in fish, before the land was the main habitat. This is typical of transitional fossils undergoing mosaic evolution.

Clear fossil tetrapod tracks from the mid-Devonian predate previous tetrapod records by 18 million years. These tracks are from the Middle Devonian of Poland, nearly 400 million years ago. The footprints were made in the mud of a tropical lagoon, and no animal of that time could have made the tracks except a tetrapod. The find strongly suggests that the animals were fish, not amphibia, when the transition to limbs occurred. The term fishapod is sometimes used. They would have been derived from lobe-finned fish (Sarcopterygii), but of a genus whose body fossil has not yet been found. The Polish team suggest the fish to tetrapod transition might have taken place as early as the Lower Devonian.

The earliest tetrapods lived entirely in water. They could not live on land. Earlier, it was believed that fish had first moved onto land – either looking for food (like modern mudskippers) or to find water when the pond they lived in dried out. It was believed that they later evolved legs, lungs, and other body parts to live better on land.

Nine genera of Devonian tetrapods have been described. These earliest tetrapods were not terrestrial. They lived in swampy habitats like shallow wetlands, coastal lagoons, brackish river deltas, and even shallow marine sediments. There is much to suggest that these are the kind of environments in which the tetrapods evolved. Also, because fossils of early tetrapods are found widely in the Old Red Sandstone continent, they must have spread by following the coastal lines. This means they could not have lived only in freshwater.

Still, they may have spent brief periods out of water and would have used their legs to paw their way through the mud. The earliest confirmed terrestrial forms are known from the early Carboniferous deposits, some 20 million years later.

Tetrapods adapted to terrestrial environments over time and spent longer periods away from the water. They also spent more of their juvenile stage on land before returning to the water for the rest of their life. It is also possible that the adults started to spend some time on land to bask in the sunlight, close to the water's edge. The first true tetrapods that were adapted to moving on land were small. Only later did they increase in size.

Between the lobe-finned fish tetrapods and the first amphibia and amniotes in the Middle Carboniferous lies a gap of 30 million years, with few satisfactory tetrapod fossils. This, noted in the early 1950s by Alfred Romer, is Romer's gap. Some new fossils were found in the 1990s, such as "Pederpes", right in the middle of the Romer Gap. The gap still hides details of the transition from fish to tetrapod, but not so much as before.

So far, only two fossil sites from the Tournasian (earliest Carboniferous) are known. One is Horton Bluff Formation at Blue Beach, Nova Scotia. Much of this material has not yet been scientifically described.

The only other place a Tournasian tetrapod was found is near Dumbarton in the West of Scotland. The articulated (connected) skeleton of "Pederpes" was found there. Now comes news of new finds from this formation in five places in the Scottish Borders. The paper describes five new Tournaisian tetrapods, with information about their habitat. 

The authors say 

Apparently, the split between the amphibians and the amniotes came soon after the extinction event as the tetrapods began to recover. "This accords with most molecular dates for the split, which place it at an average of 355  my ago, a date only 4 myr after the end-Devonian".

Whereas amphibia lay their eggs in water, all other tetrapods (the amniotes) lay cleidoic eggs. These eggs are like private little ponds, protecting and nourishing the embryo until it grows into a hatchling. This was a key evolutionary 'invention', which allowed the amniotes to invade the land. Once the amniotes were truly land animals, there followed a huge adaptive radiation. This was one of the most significant advances in vertebrate evolution.

Stem tetrapods are difficult to classify because they lack some or all of the key characteristics of the standard groups.
Descendants of fishapods which at first lived an amphibious life-style. The amniotes and later amphibia are their descendants. Features: able to support their body on land for long periods; had five fingers and toes (pentadactyl limb) in contrast to their fishapod ancestors. Have not yet developed the characteristic features of the main tetrapod groups.


The tetrapod clade separated from fish in the Devonian. The amniotes were the earliest to lay cleidoic eggs. The Synapsids (> mammals) and the Sauropsids (> reptiles) are sister clades, and in particular, reptiles did "not" give rise to mammals.

There are three main groups of living ("crown group") tetrapods. Each group also includes many extinct groups:


Snakes and other legless reptiles are tetrapods because they are evolved from ancestors who had four limbs. This is also true for caecilians and aquatic mammals.

A partial taxonomy of the tetrapods:



Voivodeship

A voivodeship, also spelled voivodship, voivodina or vojvodina (Romanian: "voievodat", Polish: "województwo", Serbian: "vojvodina" (војводина), "vojvodstvo" (војводство) or "vojvodovina" (војводовина), Hungarian: "vajdaság", Lithuanian: "vaivadija", Latin "Palatinatus" in Poland), is a geographical administrative division dating to medieval Romania, Hungary, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Russia and Serbia (see Vojvodina), ruled by a voivod ("voivode", "wojewoda"). The voivod (literal translation: "the one who leads the warriors", is the same as to Dux Exercituum / Herzog) was originally the military commander next to the ruler.

President of the Republic of Poland

The President of the Republic of Poland (Polish: "Prezydent Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej") is the president of Poland. The president is directly elected to serve a term of five years. He can be reelected only once. His rights and responsibilities are determined by the Constitution of the Republic of Poland.

In agreement with the current Constitution, the President of the Republic of Poland is the head of state, the supreme representative of Poland and the guarantor of the continuity of government and is prevented from holding office for more than two consecutive terms. This means that the President heads the executive authority, is appointed to represent Polish interests on the international arena, ensures the observance of the Constitution, and is responsible for the security of the state. The President calls elections to the Sejm and the Polish Senate. He has a right to dissolve the parliament when it fails to form a Council of Ministers or pass the budget act. He can (with the Senate's consent) call a national referendum in matters important for the state, requiring the decision of all the citizens.

There are three living former Polish Presidents:

Tadeusz Kościuszko

Andrzej Tadeusz Bonawentura Kościuszko (; 4 February 1746 – 15 October 1817) was a Polish national hero, general and a leader of the Kościuszko Uprising (which bears his name) against the Russian Empire. Tadeusz was born in February 1746 in Mereczowszczyzna, Polesie. (now in Belarus) He fought in the American Revolutionary War as a colonel in the Continental Army on the side of Washington. Because of his service he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General in 1783, and became a citizen of the United States that same year. He died in Solothurn, Switzerland on October 15, 1817 due to a stroke. The services he did towards the Colonies was stuff such as, He built walls for defense during the Battle of Saratoga, and he helped design the plans for a fort at West Point, New York. Without Kosciuszko's help, the army's defenses would have been much weaker. 

Wes Archer

Wesley "Wes" Archer (born November 26, 1961) is a television animation director. He was one of the original three animators (along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp) on The Simpsons' Tracey Ullman shorts and subsequently directed a number of Simpsons episodes before becoming supervising director at "King of the Hill" for many years. Archer's college animation movie, "Jac Mac and Rad Boy, Go!" has long been a cult classic after receiving repeated airplay on USA Network's Night Flight in the 1980s. He studied at the movie Graphics/Experimental Animation Program at CalArts.


David Silverman

David Silverman (born 15 March 1957 in New York City, New York) is an animator and writer. He is best known for directing many episodes of the animated television series "The Simpsons", where he would go on to be the supervising director of animation for several years, as well as animating on all of the original Simpsons "Tracey Ullman shorts".


Bill Kopp

Bill Kopp (born April 17, 1962 in Rockford, Illinois) is an American animator and voice actor. He performed the "Whammy" on the 1980s game show "Press Your Luck" and the title character on Nelvana's "Eek! The Cat". He was an animator for The Simpsons' shorts on the Tracey Ullman Show, but left after the first season. He created "The Schnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show and Mad Jack the Pirate". He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts.

Klasky Csupo

Klasky-Csupo, Inc. (pronounced "Class-key Chew-po", although commonly mistaken as "Class-key Ka-zoo-po") is an American multimedia entertainment production company. It was founded in 1981 by the artist/producer Arlene Klasky and the animator Gábor Csupó. The company’s headquarters is located in Los Angeles, California, United States. It was shut down in 2008 but then relaunched in 2012.


Bergkamen

Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the river Lippe, approx. 15 km north-east of Dortmund and 15 km south-west of Hamm.

Bergkamen, a German town in the East part of the Ruhrgebiet and south of the Münsterland, was founded in 1966 by the merging of at first five smaller communities.


<br>

Renewable energy commercialisation in Australia

Australia's renewable energy industries cover many energy sources and stages of commercialisation. Renewable energy technologies make up about 6 per cent of Australia's total energy supply and some 8 per cent of Australia's electricity supply, with hydro-electricity by far the largest single contributor. 
Government policies have opened up more opportunities for "new" renewable energies such as wind power, photovoltaics, and solar thermal technologies. The use of these technologies helps to reduce greenhouse gases. 

At the end of 2006, Australia had 817 MW of installed wind power capacity, mainly in South Australia. Initiatives are also being taken with solar power, ethanol fuel and geothermal energy. 

Surveys show that there is much public support for the use of renewable energy and energy efficiency in Australia.

Renewable energy commercialization in the United States

The current status of renewable energy commercialization in the United States varies considerably between different renewable energy technologies, with some being commercialized at the present time.

Wind power is a growing industry in the United States. Latest American Wind Energy Association figures show that installed U.S. wind power capacity now exceeds 11,600 MW which is enough to serve three million average households. Texas is firmly established as the leader in wind power development, followed by California. 

Several solar thermal power stations, including the new 64 MW Nevada Solar One, have also been built. The largest of these solar thermal power stations is the SEGS group of plants in the Mojave Desert with a total generating capacity of 354 MW, making the system the largest solar plant of any kind in the world. The largest solar photovoltaic plant in the U.S. is the 4.6 MW Springerville Generating Station, located near Tucson, Arizona. 

In terms of renewable fuels for transportation, most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10% ethanol fuel, and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends.

Solar Energy Industries Association and GTM Research found that the amount of new solar electric capacity increased in 2012 by 76 percent from 2011, raising the United States’ market share of the world’s installations above 10 percent, up from roughly 5 to 7 percent in the last seven years. 

Low kick

Low kick is a leg technique used in certain "boxes pieds-poings" (Burmese boxing, kickboxing and Thai boxing "Muay Thai") and certain martial arts. It consists in striking a blow with shinbone or a kick in the lower limb of the opponent (thigh or leg). According to the official rules concerning sport, it can be carried to the outer and to the inner part of the lower limb. 

In fights in full contact (so-called "K.O. system"), these kicks are allowed in order to make an opponent not stable, indeed to have an advantage. 

In the matter of hits in the legs, several kicks exist: circular or roundhouse kick, semicircular kick, balanced kicks (stick kick, crescent kick, axe kick...), kicks along the straight line (front kick and side kick), hooked-type kicks (hook kick), kicks that go down (hammer kick), etc. 

In American or Japanese kickboxing, this type of kick can be only circular or semicircular according to the official rules. 

Spider-Man (2002 movie)

Spider-Man is an American 2002 superhero movie. It was made from the story of the Marvel Comics superhero, Spider-Man. It was the first in the "Spider-Man" movie series. It was written by David Koepp and directed by Sam Raimi. Tobey Maguire starred as Peter Parker / Spider-Man. Kirsten Dunst played the girl Peter loves, Mary-Jane Watson, and Willem Dafoe played the bad guy, Norman Osborn.

At the start of the movie, Peter Parker is a very smart teenager, who lives with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He is friends with Harry Osborn and Mary Jane Watson. Peter has loved Mary Jane since he was young. Peter is bullied at school by the other teenagers. On a school trip Peter is accidentally bitten by a spider that had been mutated (or changed) in a science study. This allows him to climb up walls, make spider webs come from his wrists, jump high, move fast and become very strong. Peter uses his powers to fight the bully Flash Thompson and beats him up. When Ben finds out, he teaches Peter that "with great power comes great responsibility." Peter ignores Ben and uses his powers to win a wrestling competition, to win prize money to impress Mary Jane. However, the cashier does not pay Peter what he said he would. A criminal steals a lot of money from the cashier and runs off. Peter does not try to catch the criminal, as revenge for not getting paid as much as he wanted. The criminal then steals Ben's car and shoots Ben. Peter returns to find Ben shot, and Ben dies in his arms. Peter angrily sets off to capture the killer. When he does, he is horrified to find that the man is the same criminal he refused to stop. From then on, Peter becomes Spider-Man and vows to fight crime, using Ben's words to their fullest. Peter takes a job as a photographer at the "Daily Bugle" selling photos to J. Jonah Jameson, who seems to be jealous of Spider-Man and makes Spider-Man look bad in the paper.

Meanwhile, Harry's father Norman Osborn is in trouble. Norman is the CEO (or head) of his own company name Oscorp. Oscorp does science studies and is working on a device that will allow someone to fly, as well as a new formula that will make a person stronger. Norman is ready to test the formula on humans, but his fellow scientists say the formula is still too dangerous. Norman decides to test the formula on himself. The formula does allow Norman to move fast and makes him very strong, but also drives him insane. Later the executive board of Oscorp kicks Norman off the board, angering him. Norman steals the flying device and becomes the Green Goblin. The Green Goblin attacks and kills the board members at a parade, causing a fight with Spider-Man. Later Green Goblin captures Spider-Man and offers to work together. During a fire at a building, the Green Goblin uses his voice and pretends to be someone trapped. When Spider-Man goes to rescue the person, he finds the Green Goblin. Spider-Man refuses Green Goblin's offer to work together, causing another fight. During the fight, Spider-Man's arm is cut. Later Peter, Norman, Harry, Mary Jane and Aunt May meet at Peter's apartment for Thanksgiving. Norman notices Peter's cut on his arm and realizes that Peter Parker is Spider-Man.

Green Goblin then starts planning to hurt Peter. He scares Aunt May so badly that she has to go to the hospital. There, Peter realizes that the Green Goblin knows he is Spider-Man and that he loves Mary Jane and will attack her next. When Peter calls her on the phone the Green Goblin has already taken her, and tells her to meet him at a bridge. Spider-Man goes there and finds the Green Goblin has Mary Jane in one arm and a group of kids in a bus in the other hand. Green Goblin forces Spider-Man to choose between saving the person he loves or saving innocent civilians. He then drops both at once. Spider-Man grabs Mary Jane first and uses his webbing to save the kids at the last second. The Green Goblin is angry and attacks Spider-Man. But a bunch of New York people start to protect Spider-Man, throwing trash and knocking the Green Goblin off balance.

The Green Goblin then grabs Spider-Man and they start to fight inside an abandoned building. The fight is very violent and Spider-Man starts to bleed. Finally, after Spider-Man knocks the Green Goblin down, the Green Goblin reveals that he is Norman Osborn. Spider-Man is very surprised. Norman then distracts Peter and talks to him as he tries to get his flying device to move and to kill Peter. Spider-Man jumps out of the way at the last second and the flying device impales Norman instead, killing him. Dying, Norman asks Peter not to tell Harry that he was the Green Goblin.

The last scene is at a cemetery for the funeral of Norman. During the ceremony, Harry tells Peter that he swears that Spider-Man will die because Spider-Man killed his father. Mary Jane tells Peter that she loves him, but Peter fears his enemies will attack her again, so he tells her that he can only be her friend.

A trailer containing original footage was shown for screenings of the 2002 movie . The trailer shows a group of bank robbers flying in a helicopter and land on a giant web between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center. The trailer was recalled following the September 11 attacks. As a response, a scene where New Yorkers throw food at the Green Goblin and wave their flags while yelling "You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us" was added for reshoots.

After the movie was kept from being made for almost 25 years, it was shown in theaters on May 3, 2002. Critics liked it a lot and it broke many movie records. It made more money than any other movie in the year 2001. As of late 2006, "Spider-Man" is the seventh highest grossing movie in the United States and 17th highest world wide. It made enough money and two sequels have been made, "Spider-Man 2" (2004) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).



John Bunyan

John Bunyan (Harrowden, near Bedford, 28 November 1628 – London, 31 August 1688) was an English tinker, preacher and writer. He wrote a book called "The Pilgrim's Progress" which has been translated into more languages than any other book except the Bible. The book is a story about a man who is trying to lead a good life as a Christian. It is allegory. The characters in the story represent good things or bad things. Bunyan lived at a time when there was no religious freedom: everybody had to believe what the Church of England told them. Bunyan did not agree with some of the things the Church of England said. He started to preach about his ideas. He was arrested and put into prison because of his beliefs. He wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" while he was in gaol (prison).

Bunyan’s father was a tinker: a metal worker who mends pots and pans. The Bunyan family had been living in Bedfordshire at least since the 12th century. They had gradually lost more and more of their land and had become quite poor. John Bunyan’s father had inherited a small cottage and 9 acres of land. He could not read or write.

John Bunyan only went to school for two, three or four years. He learned how to be a tinker from his father.

There was a lot of fighting in England at the time Bunyan was a child. Many people were against King Charles I so there was a Civil War and the king was executed. For several years England was a republic, ruled by Oliver Cromwell. 

When Bunyan was 16 years old, he served in the parliamentary army at Newport Pagnell (1644 - 1647). After that, he started to work as a tinker, and in 1649, he married. His wife had two books, both of which were religious books. Bunyan started to be influenced by religion. He became very frightened because he realized he had done things which were wrong, and he wondered whether God would forgive him, so that he would go to heaven when he died, or whether he would be punished and go to hell. The kind of things he did which at that time were thought to be wrong (sins) were not things which would worry many people nowadays: ringing church bells, dancing, playing games on Sundays and, perhaps the worst of all, swearing. Other wrongs he had done in the past included disrespecting his parents, and very likely causing, or at least unremorsefully (unsorrowfully) helping along the early death of his mother and sister - which he did by refusing to take any of the burden or workload at home. It was only for lack of money that he did not spend his time with prostitutes, though he longed to join the gambling and "painted women" who attended fairs and other public events. In his book "Grace Abounding" Bunyan describes himself as the “Chief of Sinners”. He tells how one day he was walking along when he heard a group of women talking to one another about salvation. This made him think about these things.

In those days, people were supposed to worship God in the Church of England. There were, however, groups of people who wanted to worship God in different ways. These people were called “non-conformists”. In 1653, a sect (religious group) of non-conformists had taken over St John’s Church in Bedford. Their vicar was John Gifford. Bunyan discussed the Bible a lot with Gifford.

Bunyan lived in Elstow, near Bedford, until 1655, when his wife died. He moved to Bedford to be nearer to Gifford’s church . He married again in 1659. In 1660, the Restoration of the Monarchy took place: England had a king once more: Charles II became king. It was bad for religious freedom, because all non-conformist meetings were forbidden. St John’s Church had to become part of the Church of England again. Bunyan refused to go to church. He started to preach to groups of people anywhere they could meet: in barns or in the streets. Because he did not have permission to preach, he was arrested and put in gaol. At first, he was sentenced to 3 months, but because he refused to promise to stop preaching, he spent 12 years in gaol.

Bunyan spent the years 1660-1672 in gaol, and again he was in gaol for a short time in 1677. The gaol was at the top of Silver Street in the centre of Bedford, only 5 minutes walk from his house in St Cuthbert Street, which was then on the edge of the town. The gaol had 6 cells and 2 dungeons. He could probably have been free at any time if he had promised to give up preaching, but he did what he firmly believed to be right. He made some money in gaol by making shoelaces. His eldest daughter Mary, who was blind, brought him soup every day and also gave him books to read. Sometimes, he seems to have been let out of gaol for short periods of time. This was not really allowed, but often, the guards might let a prisoner out if they promised to come back. Bunyan even travelled as far as London once, and he must have gone home sometimes because he had two more children by his second wife during that time.

It was during this time in gaol that he wrote his allegorical novel: "Pilgrim's Progress". We do not know whether he wrote it all while he was in gaol. The book is in two parts. The first part finishes with the words: “So I awoke, and behold it was a dream”. When the second part begins he says “..as I slept I dreamt again”. This might mean that he wrote the second part in 1677 when he was in gaol again. This is only a guess, we do not know.

Bunyan was released in January 1672, when Charles II issued the “Declaration of Religious Indulgence” which meant that people were free to worship God in the way they wanted. The king had done this mainly because he wanted the Catholics to have less power. Non-conformist sects could register and get a license. Bunyan became pastor (priest) of the Bedford church. In March 1675, he was again imprisoned for preaching (because Charles II withdrew the Declaration of Religious Indulgence). This time he seems to have been in the Bedford town gaol on the stone bridge over the river Ouse. After a few months, he was let out. He was a very popular preacher, so he was not arrested again. His book "The Pilgrim's Progress" was published in 1678. He also wrote several other books about religion, but "The Pilgrim's Progress" was the one that became extremely popular. Because Bunyan did not have a formal education he wrote in a very direct style which ordinary people could understand. A passage from Part Two of "The Pilgrim's Progress" beginning "Who would true Valour see" is sung regularly as a hymn.

On his way to London, in 1688, he caught a severe cold from rats and bats, and died a painful death. His grave is in the cemetery at Bunhill Fields in London.

Smith (metalwork)

A smith, or metalsmith, is a person who makes things from metal.

Metal smiths were very important before industrialisation because they made metal tools for farming (especially the plough) and weapons for fighting in wars. Because of the importance of smiths, the name of their craft ('Smith') turned into a surname.

The word smith means "to hit" or "to strike". Originally, smiths made things from metal by using a hammer.

As an English suffix, "-smith" at the end of a word means a craftsmen. For example, a "locksmith" makes locks.

Types of smiths include: 


The ancient traditional tool of the smith is a forge or "smithy", which is a fire which allows compressed air (through a bellows) to heat the inside of the forge until it is hot enough for metal to become more malleable so that it can be hammered into the shape that is required. Smith or smithy refers to the hammering onto the metal using an anvil to support the work. Anvils come in many sizes and shapes. 

The term, "metalsmith", often refers to artisans and craftpersons who practice their craft in many different metals, including gold, copper and silver. Jewelers often refer to their craft as "metalsmithing", and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing, jewelry and blacksmithing as part of their fine arts programs.

A "tinker" is a metalsmith who mends kettles, pots and pans. They were often poor, itinerant workers (walking from place to place looking for jobs).

Machinists are metalsmiths who produce high-precision parts and tools. The most advanced of these tools, CNC machines, are computer controlled and largely automated.

Allegory

An allegory is a term for a figure of speech. It is a story or picture with a hidden meaning. The characters in allegories are symbols which represent particular ideas. The story has a figurative meaning, not just a literal one.

Allegory is an example of rhetoric, but an allegory does not have to be a story in language. It may be something to look at, such as a painting or sculpture.

An allegory is like a long metaphor. People have to use their imagination to understand what it is trying to say. A fable or parable is a short allegory with one basic idea (a moral).

Sometimes people say that stories have meanings which the author, in fact, did not intend. For instance, many people have suggested that "The Lord of the Rings" was an allegory for the World Wars, but, in fact, it was written well before the outbreak of World War II, and J.R.R. Tolkien said that it was not an allegory. In this way people sometimes change the author’s ideas. Sometimes they do it for their own political reasons.

Allegory has been a favourite form in the literature of nearly every nation. It is often used as a way of criticizing things or people where it would not be possible to do so directly.

In classical literature Plato and Ovid wrote allegories. Dante Alighieri wrote allegories in "The Divine Comedy". In the Middle Ages "Everyman" was a morality play. John Bunyan’s "The Pilgrim's Progress" tells the story of a man trying to lead a Christian life. Jonathan Swift wrote "Gulliver's Travels", which tells about the strange customs of (made-up) faraway countries, but he was really criticizing things about his own country, the United Kingdom. "Animal Farm" by George Orwell is another example of an allegory, this time of the Soviet Union during Josef Stalin's era and the Russian Revolution. Some of the characters can be directly linked to figures during that time.

Songs may also include allegories. "Waist Deep In The Big Muddy" tells a story of American soldiers in the 1800s, ordered by their commander to march into the Mississippi River, which they could never cross on foot. In truth, it told the story of soldiers fighting in the Vietnam War in the 1960s, and being expected to do the white guy's bidding.

Allegories still continue to be popular today. Pictures, movies and plays can be allegories. William Golding’s novel "Lord of the Flies" also has allegorical meaning. "Star Trek" used a great deal of allegory, to look at social conditions and moral values in the present, while telling stories based in the future. Alien races were often a reflection of Earth's own races and countries.

Allegorical artworks include Sandro Botticelli's "La Primavera (Allegory of Spring)" and Jan Vermeer's "The Allegory of Painting".


Newport Pagnell

Newport Pagnell is a town in England. It is in the borough of Milton Keynes.

The town was first mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Neuport", which is an Old English word meaning "New Market Town". At that time it was fairly new, having been founded by Norman invaders. The suffix "Pagnell" came later, when the manor passed into the hands of the Pagnell (Paynel) family.

At one time Newport Pagnell was one of the largest towns in the County of Buckinghamshire but today the new town of Milton Keynes has made it much less important. 

Tickford Bridge, over the River Ouze, was built in 1810. It is the only iron bridge in Britain that still carries main road traffic. This is the oldest iron bridge in the world that is still in constant use. There is a plaque near the footbridge on the side that gives details of its history and construction. A large set of sluice gates used to control downstream flooding of the River Great Ouse is near the bridge.

Since 1954, Tickford Street in Newport Pagnell has been the home of the Aston Martin site, where all Aston Martin cars were built, until the recent opening of the new Ford Motor Company luxury division plant for Aston Martin built at Gaydon, Warwickshire.

The modern civil parish of Newport Pagnell stops at the M1, but the ecclesiastical parish extends to include Broughton and Caldecote. The parish church is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul.


Swearing

Swear or Swearing may refer to:

Amniote

The amniotes are a taxonomic group of animals: all the tetrapods except the amphibians.

They are the land vertebrates which lay cleidoic eggs.

Two super-groups make up the amniotes: the Synapsida (Pelycosaurs, Theriodonts and mammals) and the Sauropsida (all reptiles, including dinosaurs and birds).

The embryos of amniotes are either laid as eggs or develop in the female. These embyros are protected by several membranes, and have a much larger food supply than amphibian eggs.

The 'invention' of the cleidoic egg, and its embryonic membranes, is the main reason why the eggs of an amniote do not need to be laid in water.

Thus, as distinct from the amphibians, "amniotes are truly terrestrial". Secondarily, many reptiles and mammals returned to water, and mammals bear the young live, as do some reptile groups. This evolutionary flexibility is much less common in amphibians.

The first amniotes, such as "Casineria", looked like small lizards. They evolved about 340 million years ago, in the Mississippian or Lower Carboniferous. Their eggs could survive out of the water. This let amniotes move into environments that had less water. The amniotes moved across the Earth. Most vertebrates that live on land are amniotes, as are most of the air-breathing animals of the sea.

Very early in the evolutionary history of amniotes, they split into two main lines, the synapsids and the sauropsids, both of which persist into the modern era.

The oldest known fossil synapsid is "Protoclepsydrops" from about 320 million years ago, while the oldest known sauropsid is probably "Paleothyris", in the order Captorhinida, from the Middle Pennsylvanian epoch (about 306–312 million years ago).

One can assume the ancestors of the amniotes laid their eggs in moist places, as such modest-sized animals would not have difficulty finding depressions under fallen logs or other suitable places in the ancient forests, and dry conditions were probably not the main reason why the soft shell emerged.

In fish and amphibians there is only one inner membrane, also called an embryonic membrane. In amniotes the inner anatomy of the egg has evolved further and new structures have developed to take care of the gas exchanges between the embryo and the atmosphere, as well as dealing with the waste problems. To grow a thicker and tougher shell required new ways to supply the embryo with oxygen, as diffusion alone was not enough.

After the egg developed these structures, further sophistication allowed amniotes to lay much bigger eggs in much drier habitats. Bigger eggs allowed for bigger offspring, and bigger adults could produce bigger eggs, so amniotes grew bigger than their ancestors. Real growth was not possible, however, until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates, or returned to the water. New habits and heavier bodies meant further evolution for the amniotes, both in behavior and anatomy.

There are three main lines of amniotes, which may be distinguished by the structure of the skull and in particular the number of temporal fenestrae (openings) behind the eye. In anapsids (turtles) there are none, in synapsids (mammals and their extinct relatives) there is one, and in most diapsids (non-anapsid reptiles, including dinosaurs and birds) there are two.

The skeletal remains of amniotes have at least two pairs of sacral ribs, a sternum in the pectoral girdle (shoulders area) and an astragalus bone in the ankle.

A simplified phylogeny of tetrapods goes like this:

This is perhaps better than the older taxonomy, which lists recent branches like birds and mammals as classes on mere traditional grounds.




List of mayors of Hamburg

The ' is the First Mayor""' of Hamburg, Germany. He is the president of the Senate (government) of Hamburg. The Erster Bürgermeister is Hamburg's Minister President.

The constitution of 28 September 1860 says that the state is to be governed by the ten-member "Senate" headed by the "First Mayor" as the "President of the Senate". His deputy is the "Second Mayor". Until 1997 the First Mayor was elected by the Senate. Now he is elected by the "Bürgerschaft" (the city's parliament) and the Erster Bürgermeister has appointed and dismissed other Senators.







Synapsid

Synapsids are one of the two major groups of vertebrates which evolved from basal amniotes. 

'Synapsids' means 'fused arch', and refers to their skulls. The group includes mammals and earlier groups related to mammals. They were originally called "mammal-like reptiles", which is a bit confusing.

Synapsids are one of the two major groups of amniotes. Both groups evolved from early amniotes about 345 million years ago during the early or mid Carboniferous period. The other is the sauropsids, the group which includes reptiles and birds. 

Synapsids include the Pelycosauria (Pennsylvanian to Permian), and the Therapsida (Lower Permian to present).

The pelycosaurs were dominant on land in the Permian, and many species became extinct at the Permian–Triassic extinction event. The therapsids were still dominant on land in the Lower Triassic, but by the Upper Triassic the dinosaurs had taken over.

Synapsids have a primitive group and an advanced group. These are known, respectively, as pelycosaurs and therapsids. Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids. They were all rather lizard-like with sprawling gait and possibly horny scutes. 

The therapsids are the more advanced synapsids. They have a more erect posture (way of standing) and maybe hair, at least in some forms. They are the ancestors of mammals. So each of the two synapsid groups represent evolutionary grades: the pelycosaurs have given rise to the therapsids, who in their turn have given rise to the mammals.

The therapsids ('beast face') used to be called mammal-like reptiles. This was a mistake, because they were never reptiles. The split between Synapsids and Sauropsids (the group which gave rise to reptiles) took place long before therapsids evolved.

There are a number of characteristics which cannot be seen on fossils, but which are of great importance. Mammals are distinguished from reptiles by fundamental differences in the development of the blood system. These differences are such that it would be almost impossible for mammals to be derived from reptiles.
This supports the division of amniotes into the Sauropsida and the Synapsida.

Synapsids evolved a fenestra (hole) behind each eye orbit. It allows better attachment sites for jaw muscles than the original anapsid condition.

A parallel development took place in the diapsida, who evolved two rather than one opening behind each eye.

Originally, the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles, but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening.

Synapsids had differentiated teeth. These include the canines, molars, and incisors.

The trend towards differentiation is found in some labyrinthodonts and early anapsid reptilians. They have enlarged first teeth on the maxilla, forming a form of proto-canines. This trait was subsequently lost in the sauropsid line, but developed further in the synapsids. Early synapsids could have 2 or even 3 enlarged 'canines', but in the therapsids, the pattern had settled to one canine in each upper jaw half. The lower canines developed later.

Note: in evolutionary terms, the mammals are entirely within the Synapsida. Their status as a separate class is traditional Linnaean taxonomy: as a clade they are a sub-group of the Therapsida.

The Pilgrim's Progress

The Pilgrim's Progress is an English language book written by John Bunyan. It was published in two parts: the First Part in 1678, and the Second Part in 1684. Its full title is The Pilgrim's Progress from this World to that which is to come. It is regarded as one of the most important books in English literature. It is a Christian allegory.

The book uses the dream story of a journey through the English county of Bedfordshire, to London. Bunyan uses this to tell the idea of Christianity from a Protestant point of view. Although the journey is imaginary, the places are based upon real places in 17th century Bedfordshire. The difficulties faced by "Christian", the main character, is meant to be an allegory of the difficulties faced by a true Christian in keeping to the 'straight and narrow path'. The author was jailed for preaching his opinions, yet after the book was published, it was translated into over 200 languages.

Bunyan started to write the book in jail. He got into trouble for preaching without a licence. Bunyan, who was a Reformed Baptist, did not qualify for a licence. Only ministers of the Church of England were allowed to preach. He spent 12 years in Bedford jail. He might have been freed if he had promised not to preach, but he refused. He was let out only when the law changed, in 1672. He was jailed again for a short time in 1677.

The book is divided into two parts, and is 108,260 words long. Each part is a continuous narrative, with no chapter divisions. When the first part was published in 1678, it immediately became extremely popular. Part Two was published in 1684. There were 11 editions of the first part during John Bunyan’s lifetime, and two editions of the second part.

The story is an allegory about a man called Christian, who goes on a journey, and meets many strange people. Christian is an 'everyman' character: he represents the reader or any ordinary person. Eventually he gets to the Celestial City. The strange people he meets are characters who represent good and bad things in life. The story is therefore an allegory of the life of a good Christian. To be precise, it is an allegory of the Protestant view of Christianity. It includes, as characters, the giants 'Pope' and 'Pagan', allegories of Roman Catholicism and paganism as persecutors of Protestant Christians. 'Pagan' is dead, indicating the end of pagan persecution, and 'Pope' is alive but decrepit (elderly), indicating the diminished power and influence of the Roman Catholic pope. The many indirect references to the Bible is a sure sign of Protestant belief. The Bible had not long been available in English, and its translation was opposed by the church in the reign of Henry VIII.

Many of the places Bunyan describes are based on places he knew in the Bedfordshire countryside. For example, the Slough of Despond is thought to be the marshes in Tempsford (now on the A1 road). House Beautiful is thought to be Houghton House (now a ruin), just outside Ampthill. The character of the Evangelist is that of his friend John Gifford, who was the leader of a non-conformist group at St John’s Church, Bedford. The heavy burden (the load), which Christian carries on his back, represents his sins: the things he has done wrong, and which trouble him. However, the burden is also based on the heavy anvil which he carried on his back as he walked from place to place. He worked as a tinker (someone who mends pots and pans).

Later, the Land of Beulah is Middlesex County, the Very Deep River is the Thames, and the Celestial City is London.

Part One tells how a man called Christian makes his way from the 'City of Destruction' (Earth) to the 'Celestial City' (Heaven) of Zion. Christian finds himself weighed down by a great burden which he gets from reading a book (obviously the Bible). He wonders what he can do to be saved. The character Evangelist appears several times during the story, pointing him in the right direction. Evangelist shows Christian the way to the 'Wicket Gate'. Christian tries to persuade his family to join him on the journey, but they refuse, so he leaves them behind.
The first person he meets is called Mr. Worldly Wiseman, who says he can be saved by looking at the law, and that Mr. Legality can help him. Evangelist stops him from going that way. He must go to the Wicket Gate.

At the Wicket Gate the gatekeeper, Goodwill, tells him to keep to the straight path. In the Second Part, Goodwill is shown to be Jesus himself. To Christian's query about relief from his burden, Goodwill directs him forward to the 'place of deliverance'.

Christian goes to the House of the Interpreter, where he is shown pictures and that show ideas of the Christian faith. Then he gets to the 'place of deliverance'. This is meant to be the hill with the cross where Jesus died. There his burden falls off his back, so he is very relieved. Three shining ones give him the greeting of peace. They give him new clothes and a passport to the Celestial City (heaven). This is like a Christian Baptism.

At the top of the Hill of Difficulty, Christian stops at the House Beautiful, which is an allegory of the local Christian congregation. Christian spends three days here. When he leaves he is wearing armour which protects him when he fights a battle with the monster Apollyon. Then he goes to the Shadow of Death. He is not afraid because his friend Faithful reminds him of the words of Psalm 23: "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me." The sun rises as he leaves.

Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful, who also used to live in the City of Destruction. They go together to Vanity Fair, where they are both arrested because they do not like the kind of business which is being done at the fair, all based on greed. Faithful is put on trial, and executed. Hopeful, who lives in Vanity, takes Faithful's place as Christian's companion for the rest of the way.

Together Christian and Hope have several adventures. They are captured by Giant Despair, who takes them to Doubting Castle, where they are imprisoned, beaten and starved. The giant wants them to commit suicide, but they refuse. Suddenly Christian realizes that a key he has, called Promise, will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle. Using the key, they escape.

They come to the Delectable Mountains where the shepherds show them some of the wonders of the place also known as 'Immanuel's Land'.

On the way, Christian and Hopeful meet a man called Ignorance. He thinks he can enter the Celestial City even though he does not believe. A ferryman called Vain Hope ferries Ignorance across the River of Death, but Ignorance is turned away from the gates of Celestial City and thrown into hell.

Christian and Hopeful eventually reach the Celestial City.

The Second Part of "The Pilgrim's Progress" presents the pilgrimage of Christian's wife, Christiana; their sons and the maiden, Mercy. They visit the same places that Christian visited, but they take a longer time. This is because the story includes the marriage of his sons, and children for the four sons and their wives.

The story shows that women can be as brave as men. They visit the same stopping places that Christian did, but they take longer because they marry and give birth to children on the way. The hero of the story is Greatheart, the servant of the Interpreter, who is a pilgrim's guide to the Celestial City. He kills four giants, including Giant Despair, and helps to kill a monster that terrorizes the city of Vanity.

Expert critics think the second part is important, and brings in more ideas: "Part II, which appeared in 1684, is much more than a mere sequel to or repetition of the earlier volume. It clarifies and reinforces and justifies the story of Part I. The beam of Bunyan's spotlight is broadened to include Christian's family and other men, women, and children; the incidents and accidents of everyday life are more numerous, the joys of the pilgrimage tend to outweigh the hardships; and to the faith and hope of Part I is added in abundant measure that greatest of virtues, charity. The two parts of The Pilgrim's Progress in reality constitute a whole, and the whole is, without doubt, the most influential religious book ever written in the English language.

Part II shows human frailty: of women, children, and people with weak bodies or minds. When Christiana's party leaves Gaius's Inn, Mr. Feeble-mind lingers in order to be left behind. He is encouraged to come with the party by Greatheart: But brother ... I have it in commission, to comfort the feeble-minded, and to support the weak. You must needs go along with us; we will wait for you, we will lend you our help, we will deny ourselves of some things, both opinionative and practical, for your sake; we will not enter into doubtful disputations before you, we will be made all things to you, rather than you shall be left behind.

Although the language of "The Pilgrim’s Progress" may seem old-fashioned now, Bunyan wrote in a simple and direct style. He gave his characters symbolic names, which may have sounded lively and imaginative to a 17th century audience. Bunyan was of humble origin, and had no higher education. He was, however, highly literate, and wrote in a way that ordinary people could understand.

The book includes a poem which became the popular hymn "Who Would True Valour See" ("He Who Would Valiant Be" in some versions).

Some phrases from the book have become part of the English language, just as many English expressions come from the Bible. We often talk of a 'Slough of Despond' (when we feel a problem is too big for us). The expressions 'Vanity Fair' and 'House Beautiful' are also quite familiar. There are a large number of references to the book in later literature, and Bunyan's idea of how to tell a story has been borrowed and adapted many times.

The explicit Protestant theology of "The Pilgrim's Progress" made it popular. Bunyan's plain style breathes life into abstract ideas such as 'greed', 'envy', 'pride'. These ideas are turned into imaginary people, whom Christian meets and talks to, on his way to Heaven. Samuel Johnson said that "this is the great merit of the book, that the most cultivated man cannot find anything to praise more highly, and the child knows nothing more amusing". Three years after its publication (1681), it was reprinted in colonial America, and was widely read in the Puritan colonies.

Because of its explicit English Protestant theology "The Pilgrim's Progress" shares the feeling of most English, in the 17th century, against the Roman Catholic Church. It was published over the years of the Popish Plot (1678–1681) and ten years before the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and it shows the influence of John Foxe's "Foxe's Book of Martyrs". Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named "Pope":Now I saw in my Dream, that at the end of this Valley lay blood, bones, ashes, and mangled bodies of men, even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly: And while I was musing what should be the reason, I espied a little before me a Cave, where two Giants, "Pope" and "Pagan", dwelt in old times, by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones, blood ashes, &c. lay there, were cruelly put to death. But by this place "Christian" went without much danger, whereat I somewhat wondered; but I have learnt since, that "Pagan" has been dead many a day; and as for the other, though he be yet alive, he is by reason of age, and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes, grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts, that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth, grinning at Pilgrims as they go by, and biting his nails, because he cannot come at them.

When Christian and Faithful travel through Vanity Fair, Bunyan adds the editorial comment:But as in other "fairs", some one Commodity is as the chief of all the "fair", so the Ware of "Rome" and her Merchandize is greatly promoted in "this fair": Only our "English" Nation, with some others, have taken a dislike thereat.

The book was the basis of an opera by Ralph Vaughan Williams, first performed in 1951. Vaughan Williams also wrote a short anthem "Valiant for Truth". The story has been made into films and used in video games.

Because modern English has changed from Bunyan's day, many authors have provided their own versions of the story.




The Need for Speed

The Need for Speed is a racing video game made by Electronic Arts. It is the 1st game in the "Need for Speed" series. It was released on the 3DO, PlayStation and Sega Saturn.

Louis de Broglie

Louis Victor Pierre Raymond, (7th) Duke of Broglie, (August 15, 1892 in Dieppe – March 19, 1987 in Louveciennes) was a French physicist. He discovered that electrons are similar to both particles and waves. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1929. 

Las Galeras

Las Galeras is a Dominican Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province. It is on the east coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the "Rincón Bay" that is found between "Cabrón" and "Samaná" capes.

"Las Galeras", in English "The Galleys" (a galley was a war ship where prisoners and slaves were used to move the ship), because two galleys stayed here during the 16th Century.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 6,929: 3,800 men and 3,129 women. The urban population was only 13.41% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of the province are agriculture, fishing and tourism.

The region is famous for its beautiful beaches with palms. There is a beach at the seafront of Las Galeras itself, as well as a white sand beach, "La Playita" ("The Small Beach") within walking distance from the town. It is possible to take a boat to visit "Playa Rincón" ("Rincón Beach"), another beautiful beach in the region.

The Beyoncé Experience: Live

The Beyoncé Experience: Live is a live DVD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles to be released in the US on November 20, 2007. It was filmed in Staples Center, Los Angeles, California which was shot on September 2, 2007 during her worldwide tour The Beyoncé Experience. It also includes guest appearances from Jay-Z on "Upgrade U" and former Destiny's Child mates Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland on "Survivor."


Induno Olona

Induno Olona is a city in northern Italy, in the Lombardy region, near Varese. It has 10,000 inhabitants.

Swordfish

Swordfish (Xiphias gladius), also known as broadbills in some countries, are large predatory fish with a long, flat bill. They are a popular sport fish. Swordfish are elongated, round-bodied, and lose all teeth and scales by adulthood.

The International Game Fish Association's all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 1,182 lb (535.15 kg) specimen taken off Chile in 1953.

They are the only member of their family, Xiphiidae.

The swordfish is named after its sharp bill, resembling a sword (Latin gladius), which together with its streamlined physique (smooth body) allows it to cut through the water with great ease and agility. Swordfish are fast predators of other fish.

The "sword" is not used to spear, but may be used to slash at its prey to injure the prey animal, to make for an easier catch. 

Mainly, the swordfish relies on its great speed and agility in the water to catch its enemy. It is among the fastest fish.

Swordfish is a particularly popular fish for cooking. Since swordfish are large animals, meat is usually sold as steaks, which are often grilled. The color of the flesh varies by diet, with fish caught on the east coast of North America often being rosier.

However, many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity (how poisonous it is) from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish.



Carreño de Miranda

Juan Carreño de Miranda (25 March 1614 – 3 October 1685) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.

Born in Avilés in Asturias, he was the son of a painter with the same name, Juan Carreño de Miranda. His family moved to Madrid in 1623, and he trained in Madrid during the late 1620s as apprentice of Pedro de Las Cuevas and Bartolomé Roman. He came to the notice of Velazquez for his work in the cloister of doña María de Aragón y en la iglesia del Rosario, he was asked to help paint in the Royal Palace of Madrid with frescoes on mythological fables. He was named "Painter of the King" in 1669. In 1658 Carreño was hired as an assistant on a royal commission to paint frescoes in the Alcázar palace, now the Royal Palace of Madrid. In 1671 he was appointed court painter to the queen (pintor de cámara) and began to paint primarily portraits. In 1671, upon the death of Sebastian de Herrera, he was named chamber painter. He refused to be knighted in the order of Santiago, saying "Painting needs no honors, it can give them to the whole world". He is mainly remembered as a painter of portraits. His main pupilswere Mateo Cerezo, Cabezalero, Donoso, Ledesma y Sotomayor. He died in Madrid.

Late Old Japanese

Late Old Japanese (中古日本語) is an old form of the Japanese language. It was used in the time known as the Heian Period, between 794 and 1185. The form of Japanese that was used before that is called Old Japanese.

Old Japanese was the first form of the Japanese language. The script (the way it was written) came from the Chinese script. This was all based on characters which were like little pictures (called kanji today, e.g. 中古日本語). During the Late Old period two new scripts were invented: Hiragana and Katakana. These were much simpler and described the sound of the syllables. It made reading and writing much easier. Famous books were written during this period such as "The Tale of Genji", "The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter", "The Tales of Ise" and many others.

Many changes took place to the way the language was pronounced during this period. Consonants that had been spoken through the nose became voiced, some long vowels were added, some consonants slid into one another. The syllables became simpler: instead of 88 there were only 66. Instead of two types of -i, -e, and –o there were only one. Some verbs ended in a consonant, others in a vowel. The changes in grammar included different ways that adjectives could be declined.


Old Japanese

Old Japanese (上代日本語, Jōdai nihongo) is the oldest known form of the Japanese language.

It is difficult to give a precise date when Old Japanese started. The date when the Old Japanese period is said to have finished is 794. It was the start of the Heian period. 

The Japanese writing system came from the Chinese. Wooden tablets have been found with writing on. The oldest extended piece of writing we know of dates from 712. This is the start of the Nara period (710-794).

The earliest texts found in Japan are written in classical Chinese. However, some of them show the influences of Japanese grammar (e.g. word order). Sometimes bits of Chinese characters are used to make the sound of the small Japanese words called “particles”. This helps us to make some guesses about how it used to be pronounced.

Many changes in the Japanese language took place over the centuries. The spoken form of Japanese changed much more quickly than the written form.


Notes

Tom and Jerry

Tom and Jerry is an American slapstick comedy animated short series and media franchise. The original cartoons were created in 1940, written and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. It is named after its two main iconic characters: a blue-grey cat named Tom and a brown house mouse named Jerry. Each cartoon shows the two characters getting into comedic fights or chases, in which they often get hurt cartoon-style.

A total of 114 "Tom and Jerry" shorts were produced by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio from 1940–1958, starting with "Puss Gets the Boot". Seven of these cartoons won an Academy Award for Animated Short Film. 

"Tom and Jerry" still holds the record of the most awards in the Animated Short Film category, which is tied for first place with Walt Disney's musical series, "Silly Symphonies". 

Later, Gene Deitch in Europe made 13 more cartoons for the series from 1961-1962. Then, Chuck Jones produced 34 more cartoons from 1963–1967. Finally, Hanna-Barbera worked with Warner Brothers Animation to make the last three "Tom and Jerry" cartoons: "The Mansion Cat" in 2001, "The Karate Guard" in 2005, and "A Fundraising Adventure" in 2014, making a total of 164 shorts and 863 episodes of the franchise, notable companies such as MGM, Hanna-Barbera Prouductions, Filmation, Warner Bros. Animation. Since then, the cartoon characters have made appearances in other media. notable animators like, Tom Ray, Iwao Takamoto, Jaime Diaz, Eddie Fitzgerald, Tom Minton, Charles M. Howell IV, Kent Butterworth, Cliff Voorhees, John Kricfalusi, Paul Sabella, Bill Proctor, Sandy Benenati, David Feiss, Butch Hartman, Scott Jeralds, Dan Haskett, etc. then the Tom and Jerry given rights by MGM in 1940 to 1990, Hanna-Barbera took over the franchise in 1974 to 2001, and now reinstated owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment in 2000 and Turner in 1986.

The following cartoons won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film:

The following lists are about the "Tom and Jerry" media which were not made for the original cartoon series.

The following shows are re-launches of the original "Tom and Jerry" cartoons:






Tynwald

Tynwald (), or more formally, the High Court of Tynwald () or Tynwald Court, is claimed to be the oldest parliament in continuous existence in the world, dating back over 1000 years.

It rules the Isle of Man, and while the island is a Crown dependency, this ancient form of government enjoys a large amount of political power. 

Tynwald is separated into 2 houses (this is called a "Bicameral" parliament, meaning it has 2 chambers) - the House of Keys, which is elected by the people of the Isle of Man, and the Legislative Council, which is not directly elected - instead, other members of the Legislative Council elect members of the House of Keys (MHK's) to sit on it.

Both houses of Tynwald sit at the same time on Tynwald day, at the site of the original parliament - Tynwald Hill - in St. John's, a small village near Peel, and once a month at Parliament House in the Island's capital, Douglas. The rest of the time, they sit separately at Parliament House, with the House of Keys making most of the laws, and the Legislative Council doing most of the work of changing and revising them. 

King Charles III is acknowledged as the Lord of Mann.

Tynwald can trace its descent from the Viking and Norse that first colonized the Isle of Man.

Possum

The possum is an Australasian marsupial which was later introduced to China and New Zealand. There are about 69 species alive today.

Possums are members of the Phalangeriformes. This is a suborder of the Diprotodonts, a large order which includes the kangaroos and its relatives.

Possums are native to Australia and are protected there. Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother's pouch. By the time they are six months old, the young possums live outside the pouch.

They are nocturnal and at least partly arboreal. Some of the smaller species are gliders. They have sharp claws and a keen sense of smell. They eat the leaves of trees, insects, berries and bird's eggs.

The first possums were brought to New Zealand in 1837 from Australia. In New Zealand, possums have no natural enemies, so possum numbers increased quickly. It is thought of as a pest in New Zealand.
The possum has done a lot of damage to the native plants, animals and birds.


1130

This page lists things that happened in the year 1130.



Gotha

Gotha is a town in Thuringia, in Germany. It is the capital of the District of Gotha. The population was 46,205 in 2004.

The town has existed at least since the 8th century, when its name was mentioned in a document signed by Charlemagne, in which it appears as "Villa Gotaha" ("Good Waters"). In 1640 Gotha became the capital city of Saxe-Gotha. In the 18th century the French philosopher Voltaire stayed for a long time, and the Royal court became one of the centres of the Enlightenment in Germany. From 1826 to 1918, Gotha was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Gotha has played an important role in the Germany's workers' movement: the German socialist party (SPD) was founded in Gotha in 1875, when the Social Democratic Workers' Party, led by August Bebel and Wilhelm Liebknecht, and the General German Workers' Association, founded by Ferdinand Lassalle joined together. The compromise was known the "Gotha Program" and was opposed by Karl Marx.

Gotha has also been traditionally a centre of publishing. The firm of Justus Perthes (now called Hermann Haack) began publishing the "Almanach de Gotha" in 1763. The almanach was a very important directory of the world's major ruling dynasties and Europe's high nobility.

From 1949 to 1990 the city of Gotha was in the German Democratic Republic.




Great Palm Island

Palm Island, also known as Great Palm Island, or by the Aboriginal name Bukaman, is an island with about 2,000 people living on it.

The small town on the island has many names such as Palm Island, the Mission, Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community.

The island is north-west of Townsville, on the east coast of Queensland, Australia. It is the biggest of the "Greater Palm" group of islands. It has small bays, sandy beaches and steep forested mountains rising to high. Other close by islands outside the Palm group include Rattlesnake Island and Magnetic Island.

Palm Island is often called a "tropical paradise" because of its natural beauty, but it has had a sad past since Europeans arrived in Australia. For much of the 20th Century it was used by the Queensland Government as a town for Aboriginals thought to be guilty of such crimes as being "disruptive", being pregnant to a white man or being born with "mixed blood".

The community created by this history has had many problems and has often been debated about by political and social writers. Of major concern is a lack of jobs and housing. Since it became a Aboriginal reserve, Palm Island has been a symbol of aboriginal hardship and violence.<ref name="Q Mag 3/07"></ref> At the same time it has been at the centre of political campaigning to improve the lives and treatment of Australia's Indigenous peoples as well as seeking people to recognise the bad history which lead to the Palm Island of today.



100 Greatest Britons

100 Greatest Britons was a BBC programme broadcast in 2002. The list was the result of a poll. The top ten people on the list were:

The complete list can be found on the BBC website.

Igrejinha

Igrejinha is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. It has 31 389 inhabitants. It has an area of .

Arroyo Barril

Arroyo Barril is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province in the Dominican Republic. It is on the south coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the coast of Samaná Bay.

It was made a municipal district on May 1, 2003.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 11,007: 5,591 men and 5,416 women. The urban population was 22% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of Arroyo Barril are the same of the province: agriculture, fishing and tourism.

The Arroyo Barril Airport is in this place; it is a national airport with flights to other airports in the country.

Intolerable Acts

The Intolerable Acts are laws passed by the Parliament of Great Britain in 1774.

The British Parliament passed these laws to punish the Massachusetts colony for the Boston Tea Party.

These laws were so harsh that the colonists called them the Intolerable Acts.

Other colonies offered Massachusetts their support. They sent supplies to Boston. The Committees of Correspondence also called for a meeting of all colonies. This meeting would decide what to do about their problems with Britain, which led to the Continental Congress.


Mike Zambidis

"Iron" Mike Zambidis (born July 15, 1980) is a Greek kickboxer. He is known in the kickboxing community as K.O. artist and for his explosive fighting style.

Indo-Greek Kingdom

The Indo-Greek Kingdom was a part of the Greek Empire. It ruled mainly in Pakistan but also parts of modern-day Afghanistan and India from 180 BCE to around 10 CE, and was ruled by a succession of more than thirty Hellenic kings. At 400 AD - 500 AD, the remnants of Indo-Greeks was discriminated as foreigners by the beginning strong Hindu Caste system, and called Chandala (casteless)-(Dalit), and they wandered at the time of Migration period to Europe. In the Byzantime Empire they was called Atsingani. Yet is suspected that the Roma people are the descendant of the Atsingani, because the Romani languagehave much Greek influence too.


Dassault Mirage 2000

The Mirage 2000 is a French-built multirole fighter jet manufactured by Dassault Aviation. It first flew in 1978, and was introduced in 1984. Originally designed in the late seventies as a lightweight fighter for the Armée de l'Air, it evolved into a successful multirole aircraft now in service in 9 countries with more than 600 airplanes built.


Helensburgh, New South Wales

Helensburgh is a small town in New South Wales, Australia. It has more than 5000 people. It is about half-way between Sydney and Wollongong, at the southern end of the Royal National Park. The area was first settled by Europeans in 1815, when farmers began to move their cattle to graze on the grasslands around Wollongong.

Hugo Award

The Hugo Award is an award given each year for the best science fiction or fantasy works of the previous year. The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories". Hugo Awards have been given out every year since 1953, except 1954. Hugo Award winners are chosen by members of the Worldcon convention each year. The ceremony where the awards are given out is a main part of the convention. 

The Hugo Award trophy was co-designed by Benedict Jablonski. 

The 2006 Hugo Awards ceremony was held at the 64th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon) on Saturday, August 26 in Anaheim, California. The 2007 Awards were presented at the 65th World Science Fiction Convention in Yokohama, Japan on 1 September.


X-Men: The Last Stand

X-Men: The Last Stand is a 2006 movie. It is the third movie based on the Marvel Comics' X-Men superhero comic books. The story takes place after "X-Men" (2000) and "X2" (2003). Brett Ratner directed the movie. He took over when Bryan Singer decided to direct "Superman Returns". The movie is about a "mutant cure" and the resurrection of Jean Grey, who seemed to have died in "X2". The movie is partially based on two X-Men comic book stories: writer Chris Claremont's and artist John Byrne's "Dark Phoenix Saga" in "The Uncanny X-Men" (1980) and writer Joss Whedon's and artist John Cassaday's six-issue "Gifted" story in "Astonishing X-Men" (2004).

The movie was released May 26, 2006 in the United States and Canada. It was released one or two days earlier in more than 20 other countries. The movie did well at theaters. It earned $45.1 million on its first day. This is the fourth-highest opening day gross. Its opening weekend gross of $103 million is the eighth highest ever.

The movie is sometimes called X3, XIII, X-Men 3, or X-Men 3: The Last Stand.

The movie begins with a very sad Cyclops. He is still very sad because he lost his girlfriend Jean Grey at the end of the last movie. He goes out to the lake, where he sees Jean Grey, who is somehow not dead. She has a lot more powers now. She kills Cyclops and then leaves. Wolverine and Storm find Cyclops' visor in the water when they go looking for him. They also find Jean Grey and put her inside the Xavier Institute.

Meanwhile, a large company working at Alcatraz Island has found a way to erase the gene that is the cause for mutation. This discovery splits the mutants apart. Some believe that their mutation helps society and do not want a cure for it and start protesting. Other mutants do not like their mutation and begin lining up at Alcatraz Island to get the cure. At the Xavier Institute, Rogue, who longs to touch people but cannot, is interested in the cure.

Professor Xavier tracks down Jean Grey. He and Wolverine and Storm go Jean's old house to try to talk to her. Early on, he found that Jean Grey had a very powerful side called the Phoenix. To make sure that side never came out, he put up a mind barrier. During the talk, the Phoenix comes out and he and Jean Grey have a mind battle. It ends when the Phoenix overpowers the Professor and the Professor dies.

The villain Magneto has started to put his Brotherhood of Mutants together. While freeing his right-hand man Mystique from jail, a guard fires a "cure dart" at him to try to remove his mutation. Mystique jumps in the way and is cured of her mutation. Magneto leaves her. As a result, she tells the government where Magneto will be. The Brotherhood meets in a forest. Wolverine, who has gone out there, sees that the Phoenix has teamed up with the Brotherhood and will not leave when Wolverine asks her to. The government then raids the forest, but Magneto has already left and all the agents find is many copies of the mutant Multiple Man.

At the Xavier Institute, Bobby Drake (Iceman) has begun to like another girl named Kitty Pryde. One night, the two of them go out skating in the fountain. Iceman's girlfriend, Rogue, becomes very jealous when she sees him with Kitty and leaves the next day to go to Alcatraz Island. Bobby goes out there but cannot find her.

In the final battle, Magneto walks out onto the San Francisco Bridge, moving cars out of the way. He then lifts the bridge up and rips it apart and makes a bridge to Alcatraz Island. The X-Men drop down from their plane and defend the mutant cure building against attack. The X-Men's plot to stop Magneto. To do this, Wolverine runs at Magneto. Magneto easily stops Wolverine. Another mutant named Beast comes from behind him and sticks a bunch of cure darts into Magneto, curing him of the mutation.

The U.S Army comes over the top at this point and starts to fire darts. This causes Phoenix to very angry and she starts to use her powers to begin destroying everything. With great effort, Wolverine reaches Phoenix and sticks his claws into her to stop her, killing her but saving the soldiers. Back at the Xavier Institute, they mourn the Jean Grey's death. Rogue, who has been cured, touchs Bobby's hand for the first time.

The X-Men are a team of superheroes from the "Xavier Institute", a school for mutants. They protect both humans and mutants and try to prevent a war between the two.

The Brotherhood is a group of mutants who think mutants should have the same rights as the humans.

A group of mutant which are part of an underground network across the nation.


Bryan Singer, the director of the first two X-Men movies left early in the production of the movie to direct the movie "Superman Returns". Screenwriters Dan Harris and Michael Dougherty and composer John Ottman left with him. Singer has said that, at the time he left, they had partially written a story for the movie which would have been only about Jean Grey's resurrection. The story would also have a new villain Emma Frost, played by Sigourney Weaver.

Simon Kinberg was hired as writer soon after Singer left. There were rumors about Joss Whedon directing the movie. Rob Bowman and Alex Proyas were also rumoured. Zack Snyder was also asked to be the director, but he turned it down because he was directing "300". Even with Singer leaving, the cast and producers wante to return to make the third movie. Matthew Vaughn was hired as the new director for the project. He cast Kelsey Grammer as Beast and Vinnie Jones as Juggernaut. Family problems were said to cause him to withdraw before shooting began. Vaughn was replaced by Singer's friend Brett Ratner, who was among the people considered to direct the first movie. He was also considered by Warner Brothers to direct the 2006 "Superman" project before it changed into "Superman Returns".

"X-Men: The Last Stand" began shooting in August 2005 and ended in January 2006. Much of "X-Men: The Last Stand" was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Associate producer Dave Gordon said, "This is the biggest production ever filmed in Canada. It used to be "X2", now it's "X3"."

Firewall (disambiguation)

Firewall may refer to:

Schlenkerla

Schlenkerla is a famous old brewery and tavern in Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany. It is known for its smoked beer which is called "Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier" ("real Schlenkerla smoked beer"). It is a strong, darkish beer with a slightly smokey taste which is rather like bacon. The alcohol content is 5.1%. There is another speciality which is called "Urbock" ("Ur" means "original" and "Bock" is actually a male goat). The Urbock is stronger: 6.5% alcohol and is only served in the season known as the "Starkbierzeit" ("Strong beer time") which is from October to 6 January. The beer is served from oak barrels. This is a very old tradition which is not often found nowadays.

The name Schlenkerla comes from the word "schlenken" which means: "to dangle" ("to hang loosely", or "swing").


Gabelmann

The Gabelmann ("Fork man") is a statue with a fountain in Bamberg, Germany. It is a Baroque statue of Neptune, the ancient Roman god of the sea, who is holding his three-pronged fork. This is why he has the name Gabelmann.

The Gabelmann stands in the part of the pedestrian precinct called "Grüner Markt" ("Green Market"). In the local Franconian dialect he is called Goblmoo. There is a well-known poem about him written in the dialect.

The Gabelmann is a favourite place for people to meet in Bamberg.

Bamberg Symphony Orchestra

The Bamberger Symphoniker (Bamberg Symphony Orchestra) is a world-famous orchestra from the city of Bamberg, Germany. It was formed in 1946. Most of the musicians who formed the orchestra were Germans who had been forced to leave Czechoslovakia after the World War II. Most of them had previously been members of the German Philharmonic Orchestra of Prague.

The Bamberger Symphoniker have a large modern concert hall in Bamberg which was opened in 1993. They give many concerts there, but they also do a lot of touring to all parts of the world. Their conductor is Jonathan Nott who is an English conductor. Every three years the orchestra organize a "Gustav Mahler Conducting Prize". This is a competition for young conductors. The competition first took place in 2004.

The orchestra have made several CD recordings.



Lübeck law

The Lübeck law () was one of a few charters for town privileges. The Lübeck law said there should be a city council ("Rat"). There should be 20 council members, which were usually elected for 2 years. They were elected by the guilds. People often stayed as members for many years. 

The first document about the law is from 1226. It was still used in Northern and Northeastern Germany until 1900. 

About 100 cities around the Baltic Sea used this law. 

Many cities in the Hanseatic League used this law.

Alfonso Daniel Rodríguez Castelao

Alfonso Daniel (30 January 1886 – 7 January 1950), also known as Castelao, was a Spanish writer on Galician language and one of the main symbols of Galicia. As a politician, caricaturist, and writer, he is one of the leading figures of Galician culture and identity.

In 1886, Alfonso Daniel Rodríguez de Castelao was born on 30 January in Rianxo, Galicia, Spain.

Castelao spent his childhood and adolescence in Santa Rosa de Toay, Argentina. In 1900, the Castelao family returned to Rianxo. In 1908, he obtained his degree in Medicine from the University of Santiago de Compostela. The next year, he passed his doctorate in Madrid, where he started to become known as a caricaturist, and settled down in Rianxo, joining the political movement Action Galicia ("Acción Gallega" in Spanish). As a caricaturist, Castelao focussed on the everyday in a humorous way, although after the cruelty and tragedy of the Spanish Civil War, he turned to using his art to denounce the misery of Fascism.

In 1916, he moved to Pontevedra, where he joined the Irmandades da Fala and participated in the "Asembleia Nazonalista de Lugo", signing an important national declaration. In 1920, he became editor of the magazine "Nos" and travelled through France, the Netherlands and Germany. In 1922, he wrote the novel "Un Ollo de Vidro" and in 1924 he joined the "Seminario de Estudos Galegos" and founded the "Coral Polifonica de Pontevedra". Two years later he published "Cousas", and in 1929 he travelled to Brittany to study its stone crosses and publish "As Cruces de Pedra na Bretaña".

Emilia Pardo Bazán

Emilia Pardo Bazán (16 September 1851 – 12 May 1921) (also known as "Emilia, countess de Pardo Bazán") was a Spanish author and scholar.
Bazán was born in A Coruña (also known as La Coruña or Corunna), part of the region of Galicia, and the culture of that area was incorporated into some of her most popular novels, including "Los pazos de Ulloa" ("The Manors of Ulloa") and its sequel, "La Madre Naturaleza" ("Mother Nature"). She was also known for bringing naturalism to Spanish literature, for her detailed descriptions of reality, and for her role in feminist literature of her era. 

Married at eighteen to Sr D. Jos Quiroga, a Galician country gentleman, she interested herself in politics, and is believed to have taken an active part in the underground campaign against Amadeo of Spain and, later, against the republic. In 1876 she came into notice as the successful competitor for a literary prize offered by the municipality of Oviedo, the subject of her essay being the Benedictine monk, Benito Jerónimo Feijoo. This was followed by a series of articles inserted in "La Ciencia cristiana", a magazine of the purest orthodoxy, edited by Juan M. Orti y plana.


Bamberg Cathedral

Bamberg Cathedral is one of the most famous cathedrals of Germany. It can be seen from a long distance near the top of the hill. It has a very rich history. Its official name is Bamberg Cathedral of St. Peter and St. George. It is also called the Kaiserdom (“Imperial Cathedral”). The cathedral is under the administration of the Roman Catholic Church and is the seat of the Archbishop of Bamberg.

The cathedral was founded in 1004 by the emperor Henry II, and was consecrated in 1012. During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice. The building now is a late Romanesque building with four big towers. It has a choir at both ends. The east chancel is dedicated to St. George. This symbolizes the Holy Roman Empire. The west chancel is dedicated to St. Peter symbolizing the Pope.
It took a long time for the cathedral to be built, and during that time tastes in architecture changed. This is why we can see several styles in different parts of the cathedral, particularly Romaneque and Gothic styles. Between these two styles is the Transitional style, and this is the way the nave was built.

The cathedral is about 94 m long, 28 m broad, 26 m high, and the four towers are each about 81 m high. There are lots of sculptures in the cathedral. One of the most magnificent ones is the marble tomb of Henry II, the founder of the cathedral, and his wife, the empress Cunigunde. It took the famous sculptor Tilman Riemenschneider 14 years to carve: between 1499 and 1513. The tomb is slightly higher than floor level because below there is a crypt. The carvings round the side tell of various episodes in the lives of the imperial couple. 

There is a beautiful Nativity altar in the south transept made in limewood by the famous artist Veit Stoss. He made it when he was about 80 years old. His son asked him to build it. His son was a Carmelite prior in the nearby city of Nürnberg. He was expelled from Nürnberg because he was against the Protestants at the time of the Reformation. This meant that his father was never paid for his beautiful work, which was soon moved to Bamberg.

Another treasure of the cathedral is an equestrian statue called the Bamberg Horseman (Bamberger Reiter). People have tried to guess for years who this knight on horseback really was. During the cathedral’s history people have often made up stories about who he was. The Romantics thought he was a German emperor from the Hohenstaufen family. The Nazis thought he was a knight who symbolized German perfection, looking towards the east for new lands to conquer. This was Nazi propaganda. The knight on the statue does not, in fact, look east at all. It is now thought that he was probably the 13th century Hungarian king Stephen I.. Modern technology has made it possible for us to know what the original colours were, and this has helped scientists to identify him. The sculptor did not carve the name on the statue. Instead, he carved his mask at the bottom right hand corner. This does not tell us who he was.

Bamberg Cathedral is the only place in Germany where a pope is buried. He was Pope Clement II. He was the local bishop before he became Pope, but he died in 1047 after having been pope for only twelve months.

The cathedral first had an organ in 1415. The one that was built in 1868 gave many problems and had to be rebuilt five years later, but it was kept until 1940 because it made a nice sound. The organ that we see in the cathedral today was built in 1976 by the organ builder Rieger. There are four angel figures in the corners of the organ case. The organ has four manuals and pedalboard. All the organs during the cathedral’s history were built against the north wall because the sound was best there.

Every year about 40 concerts are given in the cathedral.

Hypothalamus

The hypothalamus is a brain part at the base of the brain. It connects the endocrine system to the nervous system. The word "hypothalamus" is a Greek word which means "under the thalamus"; it is used because hypothalamus is below the thalamus, and above the brain stem.

The hypothalamus controls body temperature, hunger, thirst and circadian cycles.
It is the control system which regulates the pituitary gland, the 'master gland' of the body. It is also involved in regulating sex drive.

The thalamus sits above the hypothalamus, and the hypothalamus sits above the pituitary gland. That area at the base of the brain down to the pituitary is the centre of neurosecretion. Some neurosecretory cells of the hypothalamus produce hormones such as oxytocin and vasopressin. These hormones are released into the blood in the posterior pituitary. It is the main way the nervous system controls the hormones in our bodies.

Square yard

A square yard (sometimes written yd² ) is the United States and British unit of measurement for area. It is the area inside a square that has each side equal to one yard (3 feet or 36 inches). This measurement can be found by squaring the measure of one side of the square.

It was formerly used in most of the English-speaking world, but now is generally replaced by the square metre. However, it is still used in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Pakistan and India.

Ahmednagar

Ahmednagar is a city of Ahmednagar District in the state of Maharashtra, India, on the left bank of the Sina river, about 120 kilometres northeast of Pune and 120 kilometres from Aurangabad.


Steering wheel (ship)

The wheel of a ship is the modern method of changing the angle of the rudder to change the direction of the boat or ship. It is also called the galver, together with the rest of the steering mechanism. 

The wheel is typically connected to a mechanical or hydraulic system.

The idea of tractors, automobiles, and similar land vehicles having a steering wheel probably evolved directly from the ship's wheel.

Grumman F-14 Tomcat

The F-14 Tomcat is a fighter plane made for the American Navy. It first flew in 1970 and started to replace the F-4 Phantom II in 1973. It could carry 6 of AIM-54 Phoenix missiles and two AIM-9 Sidewinders. The plane is supersonic and has variable-sweep wings. In 2006, the Navy stopped using it. Iran uses the F-14, but they are rumored to be in poor condition.


General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon

The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a one-engine multirole combat aircraft. It was originally designed and built by General Dynamics, which is now part of Lockheed Martin. The United States Air Force (USAF) ordered the F-16 in 1972. The airplane first flew four years later in 1976. Over 4,600 F-16s have been built since then. The airplane has been used by more than 25 air forces around the world. It is also used by the Thunderbirds, the USAF's aerobatics team. As of 2015, there are more F-16s in military use than any other fixed-wing aircraft.

The F-16 is able to fly at twice the speed of sound. It is armed with a M61 Vulcan Gatling gun and has eleven places where weapons or other equipment can be attached. It was the first production combat airplane to be designed to be unstable to be easier to turn, and has easier controls to make it highly agile in the air. Its designers also used many other new ideas such as a bubble canopy to help the pilot see better and a control stick on the side of the cockpit to make it easier to steer during tight turns and high g-forces.

The F-16's official name is "Fighting Falcon", but it is often called the "Viper" by its pilots and crews. The nickname came from the fact that the viper snake is known for its deadly fangs and venom, and because the Colonial Viper spacecraft from "Battlestar Galactica" was popular when the airplane was introduced to the USAF.



M1 Garand

The M1 Garand is a semi-automatic rifle that was mostly used by the US Army during World War II and the Korean War. It replaced the M1903 Springfield rifle in 1936 as the main US service rifle. It has an internal eight-bullet box magazine, which is loaded with clips of 8 bullets. When the last round is shot, the empty clip is ejected, making a "ping" sound. A common misconception (seen in video games such as Call of Duty) is that the clip can only be removed by shooting all the bullets, but the clip may be removed at any time (but it is hard to do). General George Patton described it as the greatest battle implement ever designed. It was replaced by the M14 battle rifle in the late 1950's.


Dark Horse Comics

Dark Horse Comics is an American company that creates comic books and manga. It is one of the largest "independent" comic book publishers. The company was founded by Mike Richardson.

Richardson is the owner of several comic book shops in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. In 1986, he began to publish an anthology series called "Dark Horse Presents" using money from his stores. The company is based in Milwaukie, Oregon.

Dark Horse creates many comics based on other peoples characters and settings. These include comics based on "Star Wars", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Aliens", and "Who Wants to be a Superhero?" Dark Horse also publishes comics by artists who own their own settings. These include Frank Miller's "Sin City" and "300", Mike Mignola's "Hellboy", Stan Sakai's "Usagi Yojimbo", Katsuhiro Otomo's "Akira" and Michael Chabon's "The Escapist". From 1993-1996, Dark Horse published a line of superhero comics under the name Comics Greatest World. This was later renamed Dark Horse Heroes. After 1996, publication in this line slowed greatly. They stopped making any books about the characters in the early 2000's. Today, the company does very well even though they do not have their own universe of superpowered characters.

Dark Horse's movie company, Dark Horse Entertainment, creates movies based on Dark Horse Comics. These including "The Mask" and "Hellboy".

The company also produces novels based on some of their more popular comic book titles, including "Aliens" and "Predator".










Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann

Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann (born Königsberg 24 January 1776; died Berlin 25 June 1822) was a German writer, composer, music critic, painter, caricaturist and lawyer. He liked the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart so much that he changed his third name from Wilhelm to Amadeus. He is always known as E. T. A. Hoffmann. He was a man of many talents, but his greatest importance is as a Romantic writer. He wrote fantasy and horror stories which had a very large influence on German literature in the 19th century. His stories had a lot of influence in music. He is the hero of Jacques Offenbach's famous opera "The Tales of Hoffmann". His fantasies were used in other musical works such as Delibes’s ballet "Coppélia" and in operas by Busoni and Hindemith.

Hoffmann studied law at the University of Königsberg from where he graduated when he was only 16 years old. He finished his studies in Glogau and Berlin. His first job was in Posen. He married in 1802, but in the same year he had to leave his job because he had made fun of some people in his caricature drawings. He soon went to Warsaw where he worked as a lawyer as well as meeting famous writers. He composed music, including a symphony, a harp quintet and music for plays. Because of the political situation after the French invasion in 1806 he lost his job. He tried to get a job in Berlin but without success. In 1808 he went to Bamberg where he spent five years. His job there was as a conductor and theatre designer. He fell in love with a young girl called Julia Marc and composed sacred music and operas. He wrote musical criticism as well as stories for the newspaper "Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung". These include the famous short stories "Ritter Gluck", "Don Juan" and the series called "Kreisleriana" ("Johannes Kreislers, des Kapellmeisters musikalische Leiden", i.e. "The musical suffering of the Director of Music Johannes Kreisler").

In 1813 he left Bamberg and spent some time in Dresden, Leipzig and, from 1814 onwards, Berlin. He was an excellent lawyer and was able to work very sensibly as a court official while, at the same time, spending some time devoted to art. He often met with literary friends to discuss literature and wrote more stories including "Die Lebensansichten des Katers Murr" ("Tom-cat Murr’s views on life"). His health started to become poor. He suffered from creeping paralysis. Once again he got into trouble because of his satire, but before his punishment could be sorted out he fell ill and died.

Hoffmann wrote various kinds of stories. Some of them are about fate, e.g. "Elixiere des Teufels" which is about a Capuchin monk who is tempted by the drink offered by the devil. Some of them are fairy tales, e.g. "Der goldene Topf" ("The golden pan") and "Nussknacker und Mausekönig" ("Nutcracker and Mouse King"). Very often in these stories the supernatural meets everyday reality. Some of his stories are autobiographical because they fantasies about himself. In particular, the story about Kreisler became very popular and was used by musicians, e.g. Robert Schumann in his piano pieces called "Kreisleriana".

Hoffmann is one of the great writers of German prose. He brought his imaginary world to life with his Romantic characters.

Hydrogen atom

A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen.

Its parts are a single negatively-charged electron that circles a single positively-charged nucleus of the hydrogen atom. The nucleus of hydrogen consists of only a single proton (in the case of hydrogen-1 or "protium"), "or" it may also include one or more neutrons (giving deuterium, tritium, and other isotopes). The electron is bound to the nucleus by the Coulomb force. Hydrogen-1, also known as protium or "light hydrogen" is the main component of natural hydrogen.


Section 4.2 deals with the hydrogen atom specifically, but all of Chapter 4 is relevant.


Fuel cell

A fuel cell makes electricity using the energy released by mixing fuel with air, a reaction which creates water and sometimes also carbon dioxide. The most common fuel for fuel cells is hydrogen, which when reacted with oxygen from air produces only water. Fuel cells work like a battery being constantly fed with fuel so it never runs out (as long as you have enough fuel). Fuel cells are an important part of the hydrogen economy. Hydrogen molecules are found in substances such as methane, water and biomass but energy is required to extract it. There are two common ways to produce hydrogen - it can be separated from most fuels like oil, gas, or coal in a process called steam reforming, or it can be extracted from water using a process called electrolysis. If the hydrogen is separated from fossil fuels, carbon dioxide is released. If the energy used to extract it from water via electrolysis comes from solar or wind, then no emissions are released. Hydrogen can also be separated from renewable biogas, which means the carbon emitted is not of fossil origin and therefore is part of the natural carbon cycle. 
Water is a molecule that consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms. It takes energy to separate water into oxygen and hydrogen, and energy is released when they are put back together as water. A fuel cell puts hydrogen and oxygen back together in a way releases the energy in the form of electricity.

Fuel (the energy source, usually hydrogen) and air (which contains the oxygen) are put into opposite sides of the fuel cell. In the middle of the fuel cell there is a "screen", called an electrolyte, between two metal plates, called electrodes, which keeps the fuel and air separate. Different kinds of fuel cells get their names based on what type of screen is used to separate the fuel and air. The screen only allows specific charged molecules, also known as ions, to pass through them.

In order to create ions, electrons have to be carried from the one side of the system to the other. The electrons are split off from the fuel by the metal plate at the fuel side and need to travel to the air side to complete the reaction. Because the screen doesn't let electrons pass through, they go through a separate wire, to the other metal plate on the air side. The travel of electrons creates electric current (electricity). The wire is where electricity can be used. For example, the wire can be cut in half, and a light bulb can be connected in between the two halves.

In the meantime, the ions pass through the screen and react with the molecules (already on the other side) and electrons (which traveled through the wire, giving off energy to power electronics) on the other side. Water is formed (and, depending on the fuel type, occasionally other products), which them comes out through an exhaust pipe.

Fuel cells make electricity by combining oxygen and hydrogen. Efficiency is very good (about 40%-70%). They have a maximum efficiency of 83% if exhaust heat is used during the reaction. Also, fuel cells can use various fuels, for example, natural gas, methanol, Liquid Petroleum Gas, naphtha, kerosene etc.

Some types of fuel cells produce only water, which means no pollution. Most types of fuel cell cause much less emissions than classic ("caloric") power generation. They can consume the same fuel types as classic power generators, for example diesel engines, but they can produce the same amount of energy with half as much fuel, and thus at least half as much pollution. The direct conversion fuel cells use has less risk of producing secondary emissions like NOx, SOx, and particulate matter, which are side effects of combustion, contribute to global warming, and are known as . 

Fuel cells are very quiet. They have few moving parts aside from some fans to move air, and pumps to move water which means they very rarely require repairs. Some large fuel cells used for powering things like buildings can be quite fragile.

Because of very low pollutant emissions, fuel cells are often used in vehicles that move inside buildings, like forklifts. Because they are very quiet, they are used on some military submarines to avoid detection. Fuel is more efficiently used, which means fuel cells can work longer without getting new fuel. This lets them be used in places that are hard to get to, such as weather or research stations, space ships, or military bases.

Since spaceships are launched using rockets containing pure hydrogen and oxygen, the on-board electricity is produced using very efficient fuel cells which can use these fuels. The fuel cells on spaceships produce pure water on their exhaust, which can be further captured and used as drinking water for astronauts, meaning absolutely nothing is wasted.

Fuel cells can be classified by the type of inner screen (electrolyte). For instance, phosphoric acid fuel cells are for low temperatures. It is used in cell phones and automobile power supplies that require high currents because it is much safer. Alkali fuel cells usually contain potassium hydroxide (KOH). Methanol fuel cells are used by reacting methanol electrochemically. This type of fuel cell is a better choice for simpler system. But methanol fuel cells have low output densities as its reacting rate is slow.

Some important types of fuel cells are:

There are many uses for fuel cells — major automakers are working to commercialize fuel cell cars. Toyota and Honda have released the Mirai and Clarity respectively. Fuel cells are powering buses, boats, trains, planes, scooters, forklifts, and bicycles. There are fuel cell-powered vending machines, vacuum cleaners and highway road signs. Miniature fuel cells for cellular phones, laptop computers and portable electronics are predicted. Hospitals, credit card centers, police stations, and banks use fuel cells to provide power to their facilities. Wastewater treatment plants and landfills use them to convert the methane gas they produce into electricity. Fuel Cells have long been used in outer space. Telecommunications companies use fuel cells at cell phone, radio and 911 towers. 

Live at Wembley (album)

Live at Wembley is a DVD/CD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on April 27, 2004.



IPod classic

The iPod Classic is a portable media player made by Apple Inc. To date, there have been six models of the iPod Classic, as well as the iPod Photo. All models use a 1.8-inch hard drive for storage.

The name "Classic", which is a retronym or a "name that was given later on", started with the sixth-generation iPod Classic on 5 September 2007. Before this, an iPod Classic was simply called an iPod. A recent study by the Consumers Digest foundation, the "Guinness Book of Records" and the Apple Inc sales department has shown that iPod users bought extra accessories and upgrades every 6.2 months. The most purchases, one purchase every 6.3 days over the period 2000–2007, was by the Montmerle-Berents family of Paris, France.

On September 9, 2014, Apple discontinued the iPod classic. The last product in the iPod line to use the original 30-pin iPod connector was the sixth-generation 160GB iPod Classic, which was also discontinued September 2014.

The first generation iPod started the iPod market on October 22, 2001 with the slogan "1000 songs in your pocket". It had a black and white screen, 5GB and a click wheel with a menu button at the top, left and left and right buttons to the sides, a select button in the middle and in between the four buttons and the select button was where you moved your finger around the wheel to go up and down.

A 10GB iPod was released on March 20, 2002.

The second generation iPod was released on July 17, 2002. It had the same style as the first generation iPod. At first, 10GB iPod and 20GB iPod were available for $399 and $499 and later a 5GB iPod came out for $299.

The third generation iPod was released on April 29, 2003 and featured a brand new touch sensitive wheel called the Click Wheel. A touch sensitive iPod wheel with the four buttons below the screen. A 10GB iPod was sold for $299, a 15GB iPod for $399 and a 30GB iPod for $399. On September 8, 2003 the Microsoft music software Musicmatch was discontinued and iTunes became available for Windows making the iPod compatible with Windows.

The fourth generation iPod was released on July 19, 2004 and had the click wheel from the iPod Mini. A 20GB iPod was available for $299 and a 40GB iPod for $399. The iPod casing was also slightly slimmer and rounder.

A special Harry Potter edition iPod was released on September 7, 2005 which featured the hogwarts logo on the back and all 6 harry potter audiobooks on iTunes already on the iPod.

An special iPod called the iPod Photo was released on October 26, 2004. It has a color screen and the ability to connect the iPod to a TV and display a slideshow. The iPod could hold JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG photo types.

On June 28, 2005 the iPod Photo was merged into the normal iPod line adding a color screen and the ability to display photos to the iPod 4G.

The fifth generation iPod was released on October 12, 2005 after the iPod Nano was released. As well as the "Signature iPod White" color, a black iPod was also released. This is the first iPod to be able to play videos. A 30GB iPod was available for $299 and a 60GB iPod for $399. This is the last iPod to have a plastic body. The sixth generation has a metal body.

On September 12, 2006 an upgraded version of the iPod 5G was released. It featured a brighter screen and longer video playback. The 60GB model was replaced with an 80GB model and the prices were dropped by $50 for both models.

The sixth generation iPod was renamed iPod Classic and was released on September 5, 2007. A 80GB iPod was available for $249 and a 160GB iPod for $349. The "Signature White iPod" has also been replaced with a silver iPod and the iPod now has a metal body.

An upgraded version of the sixth gen iPod was released on September 9, 2008. The 80 and 160GB iPods were replaced with a thinner 120GB iPod for $249. It introduced Genius and audio recording features.

Another upgraded version of the sixth gen iPod was released on September 9, 2009. The 120GB iPod's price was dropped to $229 and the now thinner 160GB iPod was re-introduced for $249. The 120GB iPod was later discontinued so the only option left is the 160GB iPod.

Leo von Caprivi

Georg Leo von Caprivi, later Georg Leo "Graf" von Caprivi de Caprara de Montecuccoli (), (24 February 1831–6 February 1899) was a German major general and politician, who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany. Caprivi was German Chancellor from March 1890 to October 1894.

Born in Charlottenburg, Berlin to a family of Italian and Slovenian origin, Caprivi joined the army in 1849 and fought in the Austro-Prussian War in 1866 and the Franco-Prussian War in 1870.

He liked Bismarck, and once said "What jackass would dare to succeed Bismarck?". Kaiser Wilhelm II was arguing with Bismarck about changes to the government. In February 1890 the Kaiser told Caprivi to come back to Berlin. Caprivi was told that he would take over from Bismarck if Bismarck did not do what the Kaiser wanted. Caprivi became chancellor on 18 March 1890.

Caprivi's government was friendlier to the Social Democrats and to the United Kingdom. The Zanzibar treaty of July 1890, meant Germany gave control of Zanzibar, an island near German East Africa to Britain in return for the island of Heligoland in the North Sea . Caprivi also got the Caprivi Strip added to German South West Africa. This is a narrow strip of land that links German South West Africa (now called Namibia), to the Zambezi River.

In 1892 Caprivi resigned as Prussian Minister President and was replaced by Count Botho zu Eulenburg. Prussia was so powerful in the German Empire that having different people as Imperial Chancellor and Minister President made it hard to govern the country. Caprivi and Eulenburg were dismissed in 1894 and Prince Chlodwig of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst took both jobs.


Columbia, Missouri

Columbia is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The University of Missouri is located there.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná

The Dominican city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, or simply Samaná, is the head municipality of the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná. The people from this city, and of the province, are called "samanés" or "samanense", in Spanish.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná is named "Santa Bárbara" after the Queen Bárbara de Braganza, wife of King Ferdinand VI of Spain. Samaná was the Taíno name of the region.

The city was founded in 1756 as Santa Bárbara de Samaná, by the Spanish governor Francisco Rubio y Peñaranda. This was during the period when the area of Santo Domingo was a Spanish colony. Its first European inhabitants were families from the Canary Islands.

When the Maritime District (an old division similar to a province) of Samaná was created in 1865, the city was elevated to the category of municipality.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 33,196: 17,034 men and 16,162 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná has a total area of (without including its municipal districts), about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the northeast of Santo Domingo.

The city is surrounded by mountains of the "Sierra de Samaná", a small mountain range that covers most of the Samaná peninsula.

The municipality of Santa Bárbara de Samaná has the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the east, the Samaná Bay to the south, the municipality of Las Terrenas to the northwest and the municipality of Sánchez to the southwest.

Samaná has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Samaná is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Santa Bárbara de Samaná has 3 municipal districts:

Amateur

The word amateur is normally used to mean: somebody who does something (e.g. a job) without being paid for it.

The opposite of an amateur is a professional. He (or she) will expect to be paid a professional fee for the job.

The word “amateur” comes from a French word meaning: "lover of". An amateur is someone who does something (e.g. play the piano, football) because they enjoy doing it. They are not doing it in order to be paid. It is not how they earn money to live.

People often forget the real meaning of the word “amateur”. It is often mistakenly used to mean: someone who is not good at something. On the other hand, an amateur might be described as having done a very “professional” job, i.e. done it as well as someone who is paid.

Although one might expect a professional to be better than an amateur, this is not always the case. Someone might be a very good amateur pianist, possibly better than some professionals.

In some jobs it would be impossible for amateurs to be allowed to work. One cannot have amateur doctors or lawyers. In some areas, however, amateurs have been very useful in fields including computer programming and astronomy and birdwatching. Wikipedia, for example, is written by amateurs. 

In some sporting events, all players are professional or all are amateur. Many events mix professional and amateur participants. 

In some sports (e.g. tennis or football) in the past, amateurs and professionals would not compete against one another. This was not always because amateurs were thought to be not as good as professionals. In some countries, such as Great Britain in Victorian times, this was because of social class distinction. Amateur cricketers were rich gentlemen from the upper classes who did not want to associate with people from lower classes. This attitude slowly changed during the 20th century. 

Until the 1970s most Olympic events were for amateurs. Athletes were disqualified if they received money for the event, or in some cases even if they had been paid for sporting events outside the Olympics.


Jogging

Jogging is running at a slow speed. Many people go for a jog in order to keep fit and healthy. People go jogging for exercise, not for competitions.

Jogging is a very cheap way of keeping fit, because all that is needed is a good pair of running shoes. One can jog anywhere, although it is good to stay away from main roads where the air is full of traffic fumes. It is also good to avoid too much jogging on hard pavements (sidewalks). A softer surface such as grass is better for jogging because there is less hard jolting for the knees.

Jogging is a kind of aerobic exercise which helps people breathe better. It can keep the heart rate at a high-speed level for a long time (depends on how long people spend). A goal of aerobic exercise is to train the different types of muscles so people can keep fit by increasing the muscle mass. Since people increase the muscle mass, they can be successful to increase the lean level and decrease the body fat. In this way, people can keep fit and be healthy.

Jogging and running have very popular in the late 20th century. People of all ages jog. It promotes strength and good condition and is useful to people who want to control their weight. Like other aerobic exercise, it releases endorphin in many people. 

Jogging has different perspective come up to consider when someone are planning work out. This surface has both positive and negative, as well as work in different muscle groups. The personal trainer can offer the best way should be using, training for a race like flat and track can help to keep Achilles tendon for became stretched position. Road force has negative at the road force because people need to be careful of the busy traffic during the exercising.

Changing the jogging surface could help in training intensity level when painful comes up to hurt on bones and other joints. Here are the positive and negative of jogging at sidewalk: Jogging at sidewalks is a  very good selection and safe to keep clear from the busy road and a must to escape. However, it’s also the hardest surface to exercise on. It is a good idea to stay off this surface is when your knees or ankles pain.

Challenges in jogging make people increases bone density, decreasing of heart disease. it is helping to strengths, forces legs, and body muscles. Also, improves cardiovascular health, making down of heart disease by assists in reducing body fat percentage that could improve circulation. It could improve both protected functions and cuts out stress by dropping  endorphins in the brain.

Jogging is also known as a long-standing exercise; no matter what the age is, you can enjoy jogging as well. The option of where can people admire jogging is very extensive, it can be anywhere that makes people feel comfortable, such as at the park, on the track, at the beach, on the mountain, on a jogging path or even on a machine. The great benefits of jogging include stress relief, lifestyle disease prevention, makes the function of heart and lung stronger and builds strong bones. These kinds of interest can support the body's operation and help people stay healthy.

Jogging can improve overall health, it is really good for fitness level,  weight control, and strength of bones. It can change body composition for the better now, legs and hip muscle will grow stronger with the new body process; it helps strengthen the heart and lungs. Also, it’s the blood pressure control and upgrades healthy cholesterol level. Don't eat foods before go to jogging. Make sure eat healthy foods for well-balanced in high sugar.



Birdwatching

Birdwatching or birding means going outside to enjoy watching birds. It is a popular hobby. Someone who does this may be called a birdwatcher, but more often a twitcher or birder. They are usually amateurs. The scientific study of birds is called ornithology. People who study birds as a profession are called ornithologists.

Birdwatching is very popular in countries such as Britain and the United States. It can be especially rewarding in spring when a lot of birds are singing and building nests to raise their young. In spring and autumn many birds can be seen as they migrate. In winter some other kinds of birds may be visiting from colder areas such as the Arctic where there is no food in the winter.

It is useful to have a good pair of binoculars to help to see birds that are far away more clearly. Scopes or telescopes can also be used. These can give greater magnification than binoculars (making the birds look bigger). They need to put on a tripod because it is difficult to hold them steady steady by hand. They are useful for looking at birds that stay in one place for some time such as ducks swimming on a lake, but no use for birds flying in the air or hopping quickly from one tree to another. 

Many birders like to take photographs of birds. This is difficult to do well unless one has good, expensive cameras and long lenses. Telescopes can be attached to cameras. This is called digiscoping. Modern phone cameras are very useful, and can produce good results. They are easier to use in many situations. But those who do use telescopes may need a "hide", usually a canvas tent. A hide means the birds cannot see you, and it keeps you warmer than being out in the open. Water birds are usually photographed from hides.

Also important is to have a good reference book with pictures of the birds in your country. This is call a "field guide". It tells you background information about the birds, which can be very useful. Apart from what they look like, the most basic information is what time of year they are in your area, and what kind of environment they prefer. Also they will tell you what the birds' songs and calls sound like. You will discover that it often takes a long time to find a bird even when you know it is there from its song.

Songs are longer and more complex. They claim territory and are used in courtship and mating. Calls tend to be alarms or keeping members of a flock in contact. Most birds are songbirds. Those which are not give squawks or cries, which are like calls. 

Birdwatching (twitching) means spending one’s time trying to see as many different kinds of birds as possible. Twitchers keep lists of all the birds they have seen, and if they hear that a rare bird has been seen somewhere, they travel long distances to try to see it so that they can add it to their list.

Although birdwatchers are amateurs, they can be very useful, because they can tell organizations about what they have seen. This is one kind of citizen science. This information can be useful when discussions take place about possible damage to the environment, e.g. because of new developments (building). It can help us to protect the birds, because we understand their needs. Some birders help with bird ringing. Putting a ring on a bird’s foot helps us to identify it when it is seen again so that we can understand where birds go and what they do. Birders can also take part in bird counts. In Britain a “Big Garden Birdwatch” project takes place one weekend each year in late January. Over 400,000 people watch the birds in their gardens for one hour and are asked to make a list of how many they see during this time. By comparing the results with other years this helps us to see which birds are surviving well, and which ones are becoming less common.

Birders are always reminded how important it is not to disturb the birds. This is particularly important in the nesting season. If birds are nesting on the ground in fields or reedbeds one should never go anywhere near them. Some birds get used to humans being near, but others are very shy of humans.

Some national organizations which are concerned with birds include:

Albert, Prince Consort

Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Francis Albert Augustus Charles Emmanuel; later The Prince Consort; 26 August 1819 – 14 December 1861) was the husband of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Albert was born near Coburg, in Germany. He was the son of Ernest I, the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Anhalt. He was a clever child, and liked science, reading and mathematics.

He married Queen Victoria, his first cousin, on 10 February 1840. The wedding was held at St. James's Palace, the queen's official home in London. Both Victoria and Albert were deeply in love with each other. However, the queen kept Albert out of politics; he was not allowed to take part in the government of the country. In the end, this changed, and Albert often gave advice to the Prime Minister of the time.

Albert and Victoria had nine children together. Albert's favourite child was his first, Victoria, who became Queen of Prussia and Empress of Germany, in 1871. When his second child, Albert Edward (the future king Edward VII) was born in 1841, he took an active interest in his education. The two were never close, and Albert often overworked his elder son. 

Albert came up with the idea of the Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, London. The exhibition was meant to show Britain's industrial strength. It was a great success, and improved his popularity in England. It was held in the Crystal Palace, a huge glass and iron building. It burnt down in 1936, long after it had been moved from Hyde Park and rebuilt in a part of south London now called Crystal Palace. 

In 1861, Albert caught a fever, whilst travelling to Cambridge to see his son. The fever was typhoid, a disease which was common in the 19th century. Like cholera, it was a disease of water contaminated by faecal bacteria. He died at Windsor Castle, on the 14 December 1861. Queen Victoria was very upset, and she spent the next forty years of her reign in mourning her dead husband. She avoided public appearances and rarely set foot in London in the following years. Her contribution to government was little in that long period after the death of her husband. It was during that long period when Germany and the United States transformed their countries so that, in the 20th century, Britain was no longer the leading country of the world, but just one of several leading countries. In the 19th century the monarch was an important part of government, and most countries still had monarchs.


East Berlin

East Berlin was the name of the eastern part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990. It was known as just simply Berlin in East Germany, the country it served as the capital of. It was the Soviet sector of Berlin that was established in 1945. The American, British and French sectors became West Berlin, a "de facto" part of West Germany. Although it was always legally a part of an occupied city, East Berlin was claimed as the capital of East Germany. From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989 it was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall. The East German government referred to East Berlin simply as "Berlin" or often ""Berlin, Hauptstadt der DDR" (Berlin, capital of the GDR). The term "Democratic Sector" was also used until the 1960s.

The Western Allies (the USA, Great Britain and France) only recognized the power of the Soviet Union in East Berlin in accordance with the occupation status of Berlin as a whole. The three Western commandants regularly protested about the presence of the East German National People's Army (NPA) in East Berlin.

Nevertheless, the three Western Allies eventually established embassies in East Berlin in the 1970s, although they never recognized it as East Germany's capital. Treaties instead used terms such as "seat of government." In the 1960s the Western Allies sometimes said the capital of East Germany was Pankow. Pankow is the borough where the main East German government buildings were built.

On 3 October 1990, West Germany and East Germany were united, and East Berlin ceased to exist.

Since reunification, the German government has spent lots of money on rejoining the two halves of the city and bringing services and buildings in the former East Berlin up to the standard in West Berlin. There are still differences between eastern and western Berlin. There are a lot more pre-war buildings in Eastern Berlin, some still show signs of wartime damage. The style of architecture used in the whole of the GDR was very different from that used in rebuilding West Berlin too.

In many East German cities streets were named after socialist heroes. Many were changed after reunification, but some, such as Karl-Marx-Allee, Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz and Karl-Liebknecht-Straße have been kept.

One way anyone could tell if they were in the old East Berlin or in West Berlin was by looking at the traffic lights. East Berlin used special designs on their pedestrian traffic lights, called "Ampelmännchen". The Berlin government wanted to abolish the East German signals, but lots of people objected, and now Ampelmännchen are being seen in West Berlin too.

At the time of German reunification, East Berlin comprised the boroughs of



Württemberg-Baden

Württemberg-Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany.

In 1952 it joined with Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Württemberg-Hohenzollern

Württemberg-Hohenzollern was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its capital was Tübingen.

It was part of the French Zone of Occupation. After a referendum on 16 December 1951 it joined with Württemberg-Baden, which had been in the American Zone, and Baden which had also been in the French Zone, and formed the present state of Baden-Württemberg on 25 April 1952

After World War the Kingdom of Württemberg became the Free Peoples' State of Württemberg. After World War II the part of the Free Peoples' State of Württemberg and the old Principality of Hohenzollern were joined to make Württemberg-Hohenzollern. The name of the Royal family of Prussia was Hohenzollern because they came from this area. This is also why it was always part of Prussia until Prussia was abolished after World War II.


Noraduz cemetery

Noraduz cemetery () is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in the village of Noraduz, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan, 90 km north of Yerevan. Many tombstones in the cemetery show carved scenes of weddings and farm life.

The oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late 10th century. During the revival of the khachkar tradition in the 16-17th centuries many khachkars were built under the yoke of the Safavid Empire when oriental influences seeped into Armenian art. Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz, the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh (1551-1610), his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset.

A popular folktale involving the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane. According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them. From a distance the khachkars looked like armed soldiers holding a defensive position as a result of which Tamerlane’s army retreated.



La Scala

The Teatro alla Scala, usually known as La Scala, is one of the most famous opera houses in the world. It is in Milan, Italy, which is the country where opera started at the beginning of the 17th century. The theatre opened on 3 August 1778. At first it was called "Nuovo Regio Ducal Teatro alla Scala". The first opera to be performed there was Salieri's "Europa riconosciuta".

There had been a theatre there before, called Teatro Ducale, but it had been destroyed by fire in 1776. The new theatre was built where there had been a church called Santa Maria della Scala. This is how the theatre got its name.

The theatre had more than 3,000 seats arranged in six tiers (six storeys) of boxes, and above that the two 'loggione' or galleries. It has a very large stage. The money for the building was found by selling the 'palchi' (boxes) to wealthy noblemen and other rich people in Milan. In the 'platea' (the main floor) there were no seats and the audience there stood up to watch, like they do today in the Royal Albert Hall at the Proms. The orchestra could be seen very well as they were not in an orchestra pit like they are today.

Above the boxes, La Scala has always had a gallery where people who are not so rich can watch. This is still there today. It is called the "loggione". Some people in the loggione, known as the Claque, are known to applaud wildly if they like a singer, or boo loudly if they do not like a singer. During La Scala’s history this has often been because of bribery or blackmail.

La Scala was originally lit with 84 oil lamps mounted on the "palcoscenico" (ceiling) and another thousand in the rest of theater. In case they ever caught fire, several rooms were filled with hundreds of water buckets. Later, oil lamps were replaced by gas lamps. In 1883 electric lights were put in.

The building was renovated in 1907. After that it had 2,800 seats as it does today. In 1943, during World War II, La Scala was badly damaged by bombing. It was rebuilt and reopened on 11 May 1946, with a brilliant concert conducted by Arturo Toscanini, with a soprano solo by Renata Tebaldi.

Many famous operas were first performed at La Scala, including some by Giuseppe Verdi. For several years, however, Verdi did not allow his music to be played here because he did not like the way the orchestra had played it. However the composer later conducted his "Requiem" there on May 25, 1874, and in 1886 announced that La Scala would host the premiere of his opera "Otello". The first performance of his last opera, "Falstaff" was also given in this theatre.

La Scala's season traditionally opens on 7 December, Saint Ambrose's Day, Milan's patron saint. All performances must end before midnight; long operas start earlier in the evening if necessary.

There is also a La Scala Museum (Museo Teatrale alla Scala) which has an extraordinary collection of paintings, drafts, statues, costumes, and other documents about opera and La Scala's history.

Recently there have been more renovations to La Scala. Some people were worried that it would spoil the historic building, but the opera company were very pleased when the work was done. There was a new stage and lots more room behind the stage. The heavy red carpets were taken away and the sound was better. The seats include monitors so that the audience can follow the words in English or Italian if it is in a foreign language (not Italian).
The renovated opera house was opened on 7 December 2004 with the same opera by Salieri that had opened it in 1778. The conductor was Riccardo Muti.


Hyde Park

Hyde Park could mean any of the following:







Roger Guillemin

Roger Charles Louis Guillemin (11 January 1924 – 21 February 2024) was a French-American neuroscientist who received the National Medal of Science in 1976, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones. He was born in Dijon, Côte-d'Or, France.

Guillemin turned 100 on January 11, 2024, and died in San Diego, California the following month, on February 21.

Completing his undergraduate work at the University of Burgundy, Guillemin received his M.D. degree from the Medical Faculty at Lyon in 1949, and went to Montréal, Québec, Canada to work with Hans Selye at the Institute of Experimental Medicine and Surgery at the Université de Montréal where he received a Ph.D. in 1953. The same year he moved to the United States to join the faculty at Baylor College of Medicine at Houston. In 1965, he became a naturalized citizen of the United States. In 1970 he started a laboratory, San Diego where he worked for neuro-endocrinology until retirement in 1989.

Guillemin and Andrew V. Schally discovered the structures of TRH and GnRH in separate laboratories.



Andrew Schally

Andrzej Wiktor Schally (also known as Andrew W. Schally, born November 30, 1926 in Wilno, Poland, now Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Polish-born American endocrinologist. In 1977, He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He is of Jewish descent.

Born in Poland, Andrew Schally received his education in Scotland and England. In 1952, he moved to Canada. He received his doctorate in endocrinology from McGill University in 1957. That same year he left for a research career in the United States where he has worked mainly at Tulane University. A Canadian citizen when he left Canada, Schally became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1962. He was affiliated with the Baylor College of Medicine for some years in Houston, Texas.

He developed a whole new realm of knowledge concerning the brain’s control over the body chemistry. His works also addressed birth control methods and growth hormones. He - as well as Roger Guillemin- described the neurohormone GnRH that controls FSH and LH. He was awarded an honorary Doctoral Degree from Jagiellonian University at Kraków.


Hyde Park, London

Hyde Park is one of the largest parks in central London, England and one of the Royal Parks of London, famous for its Speakers' Corner. It is the largest of the eight Royal Parks which was built by you.

The park is divided in two by the Serpentine Lake. Hyde Park is 350 acres (1.4 km²) large, together with Kensington Gardens (275 acres, 1.1 km²) that is in the immediate neighbourhood the parks have an overall area of 625 acres (2.5 km²).

The park was the site of The Great Exhibition of 1851, for which the Crystal Palace was designed.

The park has become a traditional place for mass demonstrations.

In 1982, four soldiers were killed in a PIRA bombing.



Kensington Gardens

"See also Kensington Gardens, South Australia, a suburb of Adelaide, Australia"
Kensington Gardens, once the private gardens of Kensington Palace, is one of the Royal Parks of London, lying immediately to the west of Hyde Park. Most of it is in the City of Westminster, but a small section to the west is in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It covers 275 acres (1.1 km²).


Delfzijl

Delfzijl is a small city and former municipality in the very north of the Netherlands, in the province of Groningen. It has around 25,000 inhabitants. It has the fifth most important seaport in the country. Since 2021, it has been part of the new municipality of Eemsdelta.


The Great Exhibition

The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations, also known as the Great Exhibition or the Crystal Palace Exhibition, was an international exhibition held in Hyde Park, London, England, from 1 May to 15 October 1851 and the first in a series of World's Fair exhibitions of culture and industry that were to be a popular 19th century feature. 

The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations (its full title) was organized under the leadership of Prince Albert and members of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce.It was planned for 4 months. It was a celebration of modern industrial technology and design. 

Its prime motive was for "Great Britain [to make] clear to the world its role as an industrial leader". Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's consort, was an enthusiastic promoter of the exhibition, which was self-financing. Queen Victoria and her family visited three times. 

Technology and moving machinery was popular, especially working exhibits. Visitors could watch the entire process of cotton production from spinning to finished cloth. Scientific instruments included electric telegraphs, microscopes, air pumps and barometers, as well as musical, horological and surgical instruments.

A special building, The Crystal Palace, was built to house the show. It took the form of a massive glass house, 1851 feet (about 564 metres) long by 454 feet (about 138 metres) wide. It was built with a cast iron-frame and glass. It was made almost entirely in Birmingham and Smethwick.

It was designed by Joseph Paxton with support from structural engineer Charles Fox. The committee which oversaw its construction included Isambard Kingdom Brunel. The building was architecturally adventurous. Paxton's had experience designing greenhouses for William Cavendish, the 6th Duke of Devonshire. 

The Crystal Palace was an enormous success. It was an architectural marvel, but also an engineering triumph which showed the importance of the Exhibition itself. The building was later moved and re-erected in an enlarged form at Sydenham in south London, an area that was renamed "Crystal Palace". The building was destroyed by fire on 30 November 1936.


Spandau

Spandau is the westernmost borough ("Bezirk") of Berlin. It is along the western bank of the Havel, and is where the rivers Havel and Spree meet.
It has an area of and has (as of 2003) about 226,100 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Helmut Kleebank (SPD).

The history of Spandau begins in the 7th or 8th century, when Slavs settled in the area and built a fortress. It was conquered in 928 by the German King Henry I, but returns to Slavic rule later in the 10th century.

The first written mention of Spandau was in 1197. It was given City rights in 1232.

The Spandau Citadel was completed in 1594 by Joachim II of Brandenburg. In 1558 the village of Gatow became part of Spandau. Spandau was surrendered to the Swedes in 1634.

In 1806, after the Battle of Jena and Auerstedt, French troops under Napoleon took possession of the city and stayed there until 1807. In 1812, Napoleon returned and the Spandau Citadel was besieged in 1813 by Prussian and Russian troops.

In 1920, the city of Spandau became a borough of Berlin. Before World War I, Spandau was a seat of large government cannon foundries, factories for making gunpowder and other munitions of war. The most dangerous weapon invented in Spandau was the "Renana". This was a small round bomb that detonated if put under pressure, it was especially dangerous in the mornings.

After World War II, it was part of the British Occupation Zone in West Berlin and the Spandau Prison, built in 1876, was used to house Nazi war criminals who were sentenced to imprisonment at the Nuremberg Trials. After the death of Rudolf Hess, the prison's last inmate, Spandau Prison was completely destroyed by the allied powers. A "NAAFI" supermarket was built on the site. When the Allies left Berlin this military supermarket became a "MediaMarkt" store and carpark.

Modern industries include metal working, chemicals and carpet making.

The popular British New Romantic band, Spandau Ballet takes its name from Spandau.


Spandau is twinned with


Peterborough

Peterborough ( or ) is a cathedral city in the East of England. The population is about 184,500 as of mid–2011. The city is well known for its cathedral.

Even though it is part of Northamptonshire, for ceremonial purposes it is inside the county of Cambridgeshire. The city is north of London. It is on the River Nene which flows into the North Sea, about to the north-east. 

The railway station is an important stop on the East Coast Main Line between London and Edinburgh. The local government area includes Northamptonshire and Rutland to the west, Lincolnshire to the north, and non-metropolitan Cambridgeshire to the south and east.

The topography of the land is flat. In some places it is below sea level, for example in the Fens that are east of Peterborough. 

Human settlement began before the Bronze Age, as seen at the Flag Fen archaeological site to the east. There is also evidence of Roman occupation. In the Anglo-Saxon English period of time, a monastery, Medeshamstede was built. This later became Peterborough Cathedral.

The population grew fast after rail transport began in the 19th century. At that time, Peterborough became known for the manufacturing of bricks. 

After World War II, the city did not grow much, until the 1960s. Peterborough was named a "New Town" in 1967, by the government. This was part of the New Towns Act of 1946. It planned new towns to move people into better homes, who were still living in poor or bombed-out housing from the war.

Housing and population are still growing in the 21st century. Peterborough's population growth was the fastest of any British city over the ten years from 2002. This was partly due to immigration.

Because the city is still getting larger, the city council has passed a law for a new development plan. This is to add an additional 22,000 homes, 18,000 jobs and over 40,000 people who will live in Peterborough by 2020. The newly developing Hampton township will be finished. There will also be a 1,500-homes built in Stanground, and a 1,200-homes built in Paston.

Parnwell is a housing estate in the east of the city. Situated off Parnwell Way, it is easily accessible using the Frank Perkins Way (A1139). It is served by a convenience store at the Parnwell Centre and has a Sure Start Centre and a health centre.

The local primary school is Parnwell Primary School, which was opened in 1989 to serve children from 4 to 11 years. Children over this age may choose to attend the City of Peterborough Academy (COPA), Thomas Deacon Academy or the Stanground Academy.

TSV Schwieberdingen

TSV Schwieberdingen is a German football club. It is in Schwieberdingen, Baden-Württemberg. The club was founded in 1906. Today it has over 2,200 people.

The football team is playing in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg (IV). Their stadium is the Felsenberg-Arena.


Las Terrenas

Las Terrenas is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the north coast of the peninsula of Samaná.

The name Las Terrenas comes from the French "La terrienne" (the "lady that owns land").

The municipality had, in , a total population of 18,829: 9,776 men and 9,053 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Las Terrenas has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the northwest of Samaná.

Las Terrenas does not have any municipal district.

The municipality of Las Terrenas has the Atlantic Ocean to the north, the municipality of Sánchez to the west and south, and the municipality of Samaná to the east.

The main economic activities of the municipality are the same as the province: tourism, agriculture and fishing.

Schwieberdingen

Schwieberdingen is a city in the center of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. The city was first mentioned 1304. It is found 5km away from Ludwigsburg and 10km away from Stuttgart.

About 11,000 people live in Schwieberdingen. The largest sport club is the TSV Schwieberdingen.


Sánchez, Dominican Republic

Sánchez is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná.

Sánchez is named after Francisco del Rosario Sánchez, one of the three Founding Fathers of the Dominican Republic.

The old town of "Las Cañitas" was elevated to the category of municipality in 1866.

It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from the town to La Vega began to run across the rich region of the Cibao. Sánchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. The railway worked until 1966.

The port lost its importance when other ports in the country grew in importance. And the Yuna River has been filling the Samaná Bay with solid materials and only small boats can get to the port.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 24,509: 12,583 men and 11,926 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sánchez has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the west of Samaná.

The city is surrounded by mountains of the "Sierra de Samaná", a small mountain range that covers most of the Samaná peninsula.

Sánchez does not have any municipal district.

The municipality of Sánchez has the Atlantic Ocean to the northwest, the municipality of Las Terrenas to the north, the municipality of Samaná to the east, the Duarte and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces to the west and the Samaná Bay to the south. It also borders, in its southeastern part, to the Hato Mayor province.

Sánchez has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by November with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Samaná is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important.

Parking

Parking a vehicle means stopping and leaving it somewhere. It is important to make sure that the vehicle is parked somewhere where parking is allowed, otherwise the driver may have to pay a fine, or even worse, the vehicle may be clamped. Cars are usually parked in driveways, parking lots, garages, or on the side of the street.

Parking a car is easier than parking a large vehicle such as a lorry (truck) or a coach. These large vehicles often have to go to special parks. Rules about parking are part of traffic rules, and these will vary a lot from one country to another. It is illegal to park on the sidewalk

When driving along a road, the driver may see a space big enough for him to park his vehicle. He should stop just after he has passed the space, alongside the next car, then reverse (go backwards) slowly in, aiming towards the curb, then turning the steering wheel so that he just misses the car in front. Then he can adjust, leaving equal room between the two cars. This process is called "parallel parking". If the space is wide enough for two cars he can drive forwards into the space instead of reversing in. Parking correctly takes practice and some experience. The driver should not ram or scrub a wheel against the curb. This can puncture the tire.

Vehicles can often be parked at the side of the road. They are usually parked parallel to the curb at the edge of the pavement or sidewalk. In some places, parking spaces may be set at a slight 45 degree angle to the curb. Sometimes there are no restrictions: one can park there, free, for as long as one likes. 

In other places, parking may not be allowed at all (e.g. where there are double yellow lines (in Britain) or it may be allowed only for limited periods. Parking is not allowed on streets where building construction is in progress. Parking may not be allowed on streets that must be open to emergency traffic such as ambulances and fire trucks. Parking may not be allowed in the winter on certain streets that are marked "snow route". These routes must be clear of vehicles so snow plows can get through to do their job.

Drivers may have to pay to park. Money can either be put in parking meters which are to be found by every parking bay. There may be a machine nearby where the driver has to pay, and then he receives a ticket which he has to leave inside the car to show that he has paid. The time and date of arrival will be printed on the ticket.

If a driver does not pay, or he stays longer than he is allowed, he may be given a parking ticket by a traffic warden, a policeman, or a meter maid. These people have the job of patrolling the streets and finding any cars which are illegally parked. A ticket is issued. A fine must be paid.

In some cities, the cars may be clamped or "booted" (in the US). This means that a heavy clamp ("boot") is fixed to one of the wheels. The car cannot be driven away. The driver then has to phone the clamping firm to arrange for them to unlock the clamp. This will cost a lot of money. 

In some places, the car may be taken away by the police. They will take it to a special parking lot under police control. The vehicle is lifted by a crane onto a lorry and taken away. It may be taken away by a tow truck. It costs a lot of money to get one's car back.

Car parks (or, parking lots) are spaces where one can park and leave one's car. The size of these spaces can range from very small to very large. They can be paved with asphalt, concrete, or other material. They can be covered with gravel, or simply bare earth. 

In urban areas, car parks are usually paved. Slots for cars are measured out and are painted on the pavement. Drivers are expected to park within these slots. Cars are usually parked side by side in a car park.

There may be an attendant on duty who will collect a flat fee for parking or issue a ticket noting the driver's arrival time. The fee will be collected when the driver leaves. Sometimes the driver can get the ticket from a mechanical device at the entrance. He will pay the fee when he leaves to an attendant typically stationed in a small booth at the exit. 

Car parks and parking lots can be dangerous to drivers and their passengers. Some are not (or poorly) lit at night. Persons intent on mischief or criminal activity can operate without being seen. Large parks and lots attract both male and female prostitutes who, if turned away, may retaliate in some way such as "keying" a vehicle. Other hazards in urban lots are rusty nails on the pavement, broken glass, and vermin such as rats. 

At a country fair, barn sale, a country concert, or other rural event, drivers may park their vehicles in a meadow that has been mowed and marked off with ropes or bales of hay to guide drivers in and out of the area. An attendant is usually stationed at the entrance to advise drivers on where to park. There is sometimes (but not usually) a fee charged for parking in such an area. A "Park and Ride" is a big car park on the edge of a town. Instead of driving into the centre of the town, drivers can park there and take a bus or tram into the centre.

Another type of car park, called an "attendant car park" is one where the driver leaves the car keys with an attendant. The attendant will then drive the car and park it so that all the cars are bunched up close to one another. This saves space. This type of car park is common at airports. The driver can tell the attendant when he expects to be back.

Some car parks are private car parks. They can only be used by people who are visiting the hotel, store or firm to whom the car park belongs. People who park there illegally may find that their vehicle gets clamped, towed, or booted.

On a busy highway, an area just off the main road is available for parking. These are called layovers or rest areas. Sometimes there is a curb. Sometimes there is a rest room or vending machines for drinks and snacks. Sometimes there are full-scale restaurants and souvenir shops. Parking is risky. These areas typically are not supervised and are often the haunt of criminals such as prostitutes and drug dealers. Homosexuals gather in these areas to "do their thing" and often attract the attention of the police.

Some car parks have a few spaces that are reserved for disabled people. These spaces are usually near the exit of the car park or near the front doors of the store, hotel, restaurant etc. This is a convenience for the disabled driver or passenger. The disabled person is able to get into and out of the store or restaurant with little difficulty. These disabled spaces are usually limited to a few slots that are clearly marked. 

The disabled spaces are usually wider than the others so that the vehicle doors can be opened wide for the disabled person to get out. It is important to display a valid disabled badge or other insignia in or on the vehicle. This will alert store owners and tow drivers that the car is legally parked. Able drivers should not park in these disabled slots. They risk being towed or fined.

Parking garages (or multi-level car parks) are buildings of concrete and steel. They are used for parking vehicles. Some are built on downtown city streets where on-street parking slots may be limited. Parking garages are usually several levels high. The levels are connected by ramps. Many parking garages are open to the weather. They can be cold, snowy, and windy in the winter. Sometimes the street level of a parking garage has shops, cafes, and other businesses.

A driver goes into the garage at an entrance. He takes a ticket stamped with his arrival time from an attendant or a mechanical device. He may drive up several ramps to find a parking space. He leaves his ticket in the car where the attendant can see it. When he leaves, he rolls down his window and pays the parking fee at the exit. A barrier is lifted, and he drives away. 

Parking garages can be dangerous for drivers and their passengers. These buildings are sometimes dimly lit, poorly staffed, and not always watched for potential trouble. There are places in a parking garage for anyone intent on mischief or criminal activity to hide or escape. Enclosed stairways and elevators (lifts) can be dangerous, especially for someone alone. 

Parking garages are sometimes found near office buildings, hospitals, universities, police stations, and other busy places where land space is limited. Some apartment buildings have their own parking garages. These are for use by tenants in the apartment building. Some buildings have underground parking garages. Once again these garages are to be used solely by residents, employees, and customers.

Horsham

Horsham is a market town in West Sussex, England with a population of roughly 50,000. It is the administrative and market centre of the district of Horsham.

Lemgo

Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, with a population of c. 42,000.


Community of Madrid

Community of Madrid () is one of the seventeen autonomous communities (regions) of Spain. It is in centre of the country, and the Iberian Peninsula. Its capital and largest city is Madrid.

Kit-Cat Klock

A Kit-Cat Klock or Felix the Cat Clock is an art deco style clock. It looks like the cartoon character Felix the Cat. The eyes and tail move back and forth.

St Michael's Church, Bamberg

St. Michael's Church, also known as the Michaelskirche (Church of St Michael), is a church in Bamberg. It was built in the 12th century. It stands on the top of a very high hill overlooking the town of Bamberg. It can be seen from nearly all directions. Bamberg is built on seven hills, each with a building at the top. The hill on which the St Michael’s Church stands is the highest one. An old, cobbled road with some ancient houses leads from the cathedral up to the church. Not far beyond the church are fields and woods.

The church is built in the Romanesque style. It used to be the church of a Benedictine monastery. The monastery was secularized in 1803. There is now an almshouse there as well as a museum and municipal art collections.

Emperor Heinrich II (Henry II) was the founder of the Bishopric of Bamberg. The first bishop of Bamberg was Eberhard, who founded the abbey of St Michael. It belonged to the bishop. The abbot had to obey the bishop. The monks who came to live there came from the towns of Amorbach and Fulda.

In the 12th century the abbey flourished. This was the time of Bishop Otto of Bamberg. The abbey started to become more independent of the bishop.

The abbey went through hard times during the wars around 1525. In the 17th and 18th centuries it went through better times again. When the bishops lost their political power in 1803 the abbey started to belong to the town. The people asked for the almshouses in the town to be moved to the St Michael abbey. There is still a home for old people there today.

Behind the altar is the tomb of Bishop Otto of Bamberg which dates from 1443. There is a hole in the middle of the tomb which is just big enough for a person to crawl through. Visitors to the church like to crawl through the hole, because it is said that it helps people who have backache.

The roof of the nave has paintings of 580 different kinds of plants. These include plants from faraway countries, e.g. pineapple, cotton, pomegranate and tobacco as well as plants that are found locally. The paintings date from the 17th century. Many of the plants were grown in the herb gardens around the church.

In the side isles of the church the ceiling has more paintings. These include paintings of birds.

Punta Arenas

Punta Arenas (lit. "Sandy Point") is the capital of Magallanes y Antártica Chilena Region and the largest city in the region. It has the 1% (about 124246 people) of the total population. It is located at "comuna" (municipality) of Magallanes, and geographically at Brunswich Peninsula (53° 10' S 70° 56'W).

Interactive map

Santiago Rusiñol

Santiago Rusiñol i Prats (, ; Barcelona 25 February 1861 – Aranjuez 13 June 1931) was a Catalan naturalist painter, author, and playwright.

He was born in Barcelona in 1861, and died in Aranjuez in 1931 while painting its famous gardens.

He influenced Pablo Picasso as a modern artist, and also left a lot of modernist buildings in Sitges, a town from Catalonia very influenced by that artist.
He was a modernist artist and there is a street in Sant Cugat del Vallés, a town near Barcelona, with his name.

Slaughterhouse

A slaughterhouse, also called by the French word abattoir, is a building where farm animals are killed and turned into meat. The animals most often slaughtered for food are cows (for beef and veal), sheep (for lamb and mutton), pigs (for pork), fowl (including chicken and waterfowl such as ducks and geese), and horses (for horsemeat).

Alfons Schuhbeck

Alfons Schuhbeck was born on 2 May 1949 in Traunstein, Upper Bavaria, Germany. He is one of Germany’s top chefs, as well as being a writer, restaurateur, TV cook and businessman.

Born as "Alfons Karg", he trained as a telecommunications engineer, but was not happy. When he stopped at the Bavarian holiday resort of Waging, he ran into the restaurateur Sebastian Schuhbeck. He began working for Schuhbeck, and Sebastian Schubeck later adopted Alfons, and made him his heir.

Alfons quickly became a very good chef. The village inn he worked at soon became a favourite restaurant of the richer people of Munich and Salzburg.

He did more training in Salzburg, Geneva, Paris, London and Munich as well as Feinkost Käfer, Dallmayr and in the "Restaurant Aubergine" of Eckart Witzigmann. He also studied at the College of Hotel Management in Bad Reichenhall in Bavaria. He finally took over the Kurhausstüberl in Waging in 1980.

In 1983 he got a star in the Michelin Guide. The Gault Millau restaurant guide gave him 17 points and in 1989 he was elected cook of the year.

Since 1990 Schubeck has operated an outside catering service, which has catered for many high-class events like the Federal Chancellor’s celebration, the Ball des Sports and the German music industry’s "ECHO" award ceremony.

In 2003 he opened a new restaurant, the "Südtiroler Stuben" at the Platzl in Munich. In December of that year he was won his second Michelin star, and in November 2005 he was awarded got a star once again in December 2003, the Five Star Diamond Award by the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences.

His great popularity has resulted in his publishing over 20 books, as well as many TV shows. Bayerischer Rundfunk has broadcast his programme "Schuhbecks" since 1993, and he remains a regular guest in many talk and other TV shows.

During the 1990s Schuhbeck had DM 60 million for capital investments. Because he was the only person in charge of millions of DM in Monte Carlo, Monaco Schuhbeck was taken to court on the suspicion of fraud. Although unusual, what he did was not illegal, and he was exonerated.

At the end of the 1990s he set up Schuhbecks GmbH at the Platzl. This company now includes the restaurant Schuhbeck, a wine bistro, the party service, a cookery school, a spice shop and an ice-cream parlour. These are all based in Munich. Schuhbeck Check Inn GmbH was formed in 2001 to manage the Check Inn restaurant and the bar in Egelsbach (south Hesse).


Skatval

Skatval is a small village in the municipality of Stjørdal in the province Nord-Trøndelag, Norway. The nature is quite varied; forest, fiords, hills, mountains and farms.

Gefjun

Gefjun (or Gefjon, Gefion) is one of the Æsir in Norse mythology. This name could be from Old Norse "geð fiá" meaning "chaste" is one of the Asynjur in Norse mythology. She appears only a few times in surviving sources. Medieval sources talk of her mainly as a goddess of chastity. However, modern scholarship suggests that she may originally have been a fertility goddess connected with ritual plowing, and even that she was originally the same fertility goddess as Freyja.

It has also been suggested that she is the origin of Grendel's mother who appears in the epic poem "Beowulf".

Stade de France

The Stade de France is a multipurpose stadium in Saint-Denis, Île-de-France, France made in 1995 and opened in 1998. It can hold 80,698 people and is just outside Paris.


Melbourne Cricket Ground

The Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) is a cricket and Australian Rules Football stadium in Melbourne, Australia. It has a capacity of 100,000. It was used as the main stadium for the 1956 Summer Olympics.

The Melbourne Cricket Club started to use the area for cricket in 1853. Their old ground, now Southbank, was often flooded by the Yarra River, and was also in the way of a new railway line. In 1859, the first game of Australian Rules Football was played at the ground.

The MCG is run by a trust. The first chairman of the trust was the first Premier of Victoria, William Haines.

Tanning

Tanning is the process of turning animal skin (often called "hide") into leather. Tanning makes the skin tougher and often changes its color. Tanning helps make the animal skin become more flexible and less vulnerable to bacteria damage.

Before tanning an animal skin, the animal must be killed and skinned before the body heat of the animal leaves the animal's body. Next, tissue on the inside of the skin and hairs on the outside are removed. Salt in the skin is removed and the skins are soaked in water for six hours to two days.

The actual process of tanning is done by soaking the leather in a bath of Chromium III sulphate ([Cr(HO)](SO)). In past centuries a natural substance called tannin was used, which was got from oak or fir trees.

The whole process is very smelly, and tanneries are often placed at the edges of towns. The runoff from tanning plants into rivers is a major cause of pollution. This can be prevented by methods of water treatment adapted to the outflow of tannery liquids. Developing countries may lack this methodology, even though World Bank grants are available for water treatment facilities. A private-sector trade association may give technical information about clean technologies.

A tanner is someone whose job is tanning. 

A tannery is the place where the tanners worked with the animal skins.

Romanesque architecture

Romanesque architecture is a term that describes the style of architecture which was used in Europe from the late 10th century until the 12th century when it changed to the Gothic style. The Romanesque style in England is called Norman architecture.

Buildings in the Romanesque style have very thick walls and round arches, Castles and churches or cathedrals were built in this style. Some of them are still standing.


Bypass (road)

A bypass is a road or highway that goes around a town or village so that traffic which is passing that town does not have to go through the town centre.

Bypasses are good because they reduces the amount of traffic in the centre where the people live and work. It makes it much safer for them to cross the roads, and reduces pollution. It is better for the vehicles passing the town because their journey is made quicker.

People are not always happy when a bypass is built. The main objections people sometimes have is that a new road uses up a lot of land. Also, some people who have businesses in the town (especially filling stations and restaurants) may think that they will not get so many customers.

If there are no strong rules that control the use of land, buildings are built along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road so that it might become just as busy as a town street again.

A road that goes all the way around the town in a large circle is called a ring road. The M25 is a ring road for London.

Rhine-Main-Danube Canal

The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal (also known in German as the Main-Danube Canal, RMD Canal or Europa Canal) is a canal that joins up the three rivers Rhine, Main and Danube so that boats can travel from one to the other. It is in Bavaria in the south of Germany. It goes from Bamberg, past Nuremberg, to Regensburg. It was finished in 1992. Boats can now travel from Rotterdam in the Netherlands all the way to the Black Sea. The canal is 171km (106 miles) long. 

A previous "Ludwig Canal" connected the Danube to the Main from the middle 19th century until it was damaged in World War II and abandoned. 

From Bamberg to Fürth the canal follows the valley of the Regnitz, a tributary of the Main. From Fuerth to beyond Roth it follows the valley of the Rednitz, a tributary of the Regnitz. It crosses the Frankish Alb mountains and joins the river Altmuehl near Dietfurt. From Dietfurt to Kelheim on the Danube the canal follows the Altmuehl valley.

Bypass

Bypass can have several meanings. It always means: going round something in order to avoid it.

Bypass can also mean:


Mitte

Bezirk Mitte or Mitte von Berlin is the most central borough of Berlin ("Bezirk" is German for borough, "Mitte" is German for centre).

Most of Berlin's historic centre is in Bezirk Mitte. Some of the most important tourist sites of Berlin (like the Pergamon Museum, Brandenburg Gate, Charité and the Reichstag), are all in Mitte, and most were in East Berlin.

In 2001, Berlin's boroughs were reorganized. The old East Berlin borough of Mitte, was joined with the boroughs of Wedding, once in the French Sector, and Tiergarten which had been in the British sector before. The new borough (both of which formerly belonged to West Berlin) to form the new Mitte borough. The new borough has an area of . In 2003, it had about 320,700 inhabitants. The districts in Mitte are Gesundbrunnen, Hansaviertel, Mitte, Moabit, Tiergarten and Wedding.

The current mayor is Christian Hanke (SPD).


B'Day Anthology Video Album

B'Day Anthology Video Album is a video album, released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé. It was released alongside "B'Day Deluxe Edition" on April 3, 2007.

Upgrade U

Upgrade U is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles.



Beyoncé discography

This is the discography, certification, and music video information of American singer Beyoncé. She released her seven studio albums, five live albums, three compilation albums, five EPs, one soundtrack album, two karaoke albums and 80 singles. She has sold over 120 million records as a solo artist, and 60 million more with Destiny's Child.




The Beyoncé Experience

The Beyoncé Experience was a 2007 worldwide concert tour by American singer, songwriter, and actress Beyoncé Knowles.


Beautiful Liar

"Beautiful Liar" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Beyoncé and Colombian singer Shakira.

UK CD-single 1

UK CD-single 2

DNA polymerase

A DNA polymerase is an enzyme which makes DNA molecules from its nucleotide building blocks. DNA polymerases are essential for DNA replication. They usually work in pairs as they copy one double-stranded DNA molecule into two double-stranded DNAs. In DNA replication DNA polymerase "reads" a piece of DNA that's already there and uses it to make a new piece that is exactly the same as the old piece.The primary role of DNA polymerases is to accurately and efficiently replicate the genome in order to ensure the maintenance of the genetic information and its faithful transmission through generations. 

DNA polymerases also play key roles in other processes within cells, including DNA repair, genetic recombination, reverse transcription, and antibody production. DNA polymerases are widely used in molecular biology laboratories, notably for the polymerase chain reaction (PCR), DNA sequencing, and molecular cloning.

DNA polymerase can only connect deoxyribonucleotides to a 3'-OH group that is already there, so DNA is always made in the 5'3' direction.

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (born 26 February 1954) is a Turkish politician of Georgian origin. He is the 12th and current President of Turkey, he took office in 2014. Before that, he was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 2003 to 2014. He is the chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party since 2001 which he founded that year. Erdoğan was Mayor of Istanbul from 1994 to 1998.

Erdoğan was a semi-professional footballer from 1969 to 1982. The stadium of the local football club of the Istanbul district he grew up in, Kasımpaşa S.K. is named after him.

Erdoğan married Emine Gülbaran (b. 1955, Siirt) on 4 July 1978. The couple have two sons (Ahmet Burak, Necmeddin Bilal) and two daughters (Esra, Sümeyye).

The 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt tried to overthrow President Erdogan.

Abu Talib

Abū Ṭālib ibn ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib (; –), "né" ‘Imran ) or ‘Abd Manaf (), was the leader of Banu Hashim, a clan of the Qurayshi tribe of Mecca in the Hejaz, Arabian Peninsula. After the death of his father ‘Abd al-Muttalib, he got this position and the offices of "Siqaya" and "Rifada". He was well respected in Mecca even though he was not very rich.

Abu Talib was an uncle of the Islamic "Nabi" (, Prophet) Muhammad, and father of the Rashid Caliph ‘Ali, who is also thought as the first Shi'ite Imam. There is a great debate among Muslim scholars on whether Abū Ṭālib died a Muslim or a non-Muslim.

Abū Ṭālib died around 619, at more than 80 years of age, about 10 years after the start of Muhammad's mission. This year is known as the Year of Sorrow for Muhammad, because not only did his uncle Abu Talib die, but also his wife Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, within a month of Abu Talib.

Doom 2

Doom 2 (or "Doom II" in roman numerals) is a sequel to the first-person shooter video game "Doom". It was created by iD Software, and came out in 1994, just one year after the first game. It was based on the same game engine as "Doom", and had 32 levels, two of them secret. "Doom 2" got newer enemies and weapons. Enemies new in Doom 2 include the Arch-vile, Mancubus, Arachnotron, Chaingunner, Pain Elemental, Revenant, Hell Knight, and the Final Boss (also called the Icon of Sin). The only new weapon in Doom 2 is the Super Shotgun. It is a double-barrel shotgun that use two shotgun shells every time it is fired, but it does three times as much damage as the normal Shotgun and has a much wider hit box. The game's difficulty is much harder than the first Doom game.

Doom 2 includes an expansion pack known as the "Master Levels for Doom II". The expansion pack has 20 WAD files created by various authors under contract with id Software.

Doom 2 also includes another expansion pack called "No Rest for the Living", released on the Xbox Live Arcade for the Xbox 360.

Deathmatch

A deathmatch (shortened to DM) is a common gameplay mode included in many shooter and real-time strategy (RTS) computer games and "MilSim" games like airsoft and paintball. The goal of a deathmatch game is to kill as many other players as possible.

Samaná Bay

Samaná Bay (Spanish, Bahía de Samaná) is a big bay in the northeast of the Dominican Republic, south of the Samaná Peninsula. Christopher Columbus gave the name of "Golfo de las Flechas" (Gulf of Arrows) to the bay.

It has about east-west and north-south. The Yuna river, one of the most important of the Hispaniola island, flows into the bay. Other rivers that flow into the bay are the Barracote and the Yabón.

There are many cays (very small and flat islands) in the bay, many of them with beautiful beaches visited by many tourists; Levantado Cay (Spanish, Cayo Levantado) is big enough to have a hotel.

On the southwest coast there is a national park: National Park Los Haitises, with many interesting plants and animals.

Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year. Humpback whales come from northern, cold waters to Samaná Bay to breed during winter and spring; then, they return to cold waters where food is more abundant. Whale watching is an important business in the Samaná Province in late winter and early spring.

France, England and United States were interested in the Samaná Bay (with the Samaná Peninsula) during the 19th century to control the Caribbean. Before that time, pirates were frequent visitors.

The most important cities around the bay are Santa Bárbara de Samaná and Sánchez on the north, in the Samaná Province province; and Sabana de la Mar, on the south, in the Hato Mayor Province province. Sánchez was the most important international port of the Dominican Republic during the 19th century and early 20th century.

Halibut

Halibut is a kind of flatfish often used for food. There are two different kinds of halibut - Atlantic halibut ("Hippoglossus hippoglossus") and Pacific halibut ("Hippoglossus stenolepis"). The halibut from the Atlantic ocean has been overfished.

Their names come from "haly" (holy) and "butt" (flat fish), because it is said people like to eat them on Catholic holy-days.


Sola (manga)

Sola is a Japanese anime series initially written by the "Kanon" main writer, Naoki Hisaya together with the original character designer Naru Nanao. "Sola" started as a manga which was featured in the magazine "Dengeki Daioh" on December 21, 2006 by MediaWorks. As of August 2007, the manga is still being serialized, with Chaki Abeno as the illustrator. A drama CD was later released on December 31, 2006 at Comiket 71. The anime version of the series aired in Japan from April 7, 2007 to June 30, 2007, containing a total of thirteen episodes and two additional episodes currently being released exclusively for the DVD. An extra drama CD together with a video game title for the PlayStation 2 console are also planned. The title, "Sola", comes from the Italian/Spanish language "solo" (which translates literally to "alone"). The title of series, sounds the same with the Japanese word .


Ornithischia

Ornithischia is an extinct clade of mainly herbivorous dinosaurs characterized by a pelvic structure superficially similar to that of birds.

The name Ornithischia, or "bird-hipped", reflects this similarity and is derived from the Greek stem ornith- (ὀρνιθ-), meaning "of a bird", and ischion (ἴσχιον), plural ischia, meaning "hip joint". However, birds are only distantly related to this group as birds are theropod dinosaurs.

Ornithischians with well known anatomical adaptations include the ceratopsians or "horn-faced" dinosaurs, the pachycephalosaurs or "thick-headed" dinosaurs, the armored dinosaurs (Thyreophora) such as stegosaurs and ankylosaurs, and the ornithopods.

There is strong evidence that certain groups of ornithischians lived in herds, often segregated by age group, with juveniles forming their own flocks separate from adults.

Some were at least partially covered in filamentous pelts, and there is much debate over whether these filaments found in specimens of Tianyulong, Psittacosaurus, and Kulindadromeus may have been primitive feathers.

They are known as the 'bird-hipped' dinosaurs because of their hip structure. However, birds actually descended from the 'lizard-hipped' dinosaurs, the Saurischia. The name "Ornithischia" means "bird-hipped," and birds also have pelvises in which the pubis points backwards. 

An alternative name for the order is the Predentata, because all of them are beaked herbivorous dinosaurs. The beak is in front of the jaw-bone, the dentary, so it is a 'predentary'. The upper half of the beak is the 'premaxilla' on the end of the upper jaw. The beak is a key adaptation for cropping plants for their food.

Their original (basal) form of locomotion was bipedal. However, from early in their evolutionary history, they were capable of both bipedal and quadrupedal locomotion. Several groups became entirely quadrupedal. 

A new hypothesis of dinosaur relationships might upset this summary.

The ornithischia has two sub-orders:

Their vegetarian diet included:

This group of dinosaurs would not be able to reach the taller conifers. The other main group of vegetarian dinosaurs, the sauropodomorphs, were specialists able to reach vegetation on the tall trees.


Miss Earth

Miss Earth is an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness.<ref name="chinadaily.com.cn/english/doc/2004-10/25/content_385531.htm"></ref>

The reigning titleholders dedicate their year to school tours, tree planting activities, street campaigns, coastal clean ups, speaking engagements, shopping mall tours, media guesting, environmental fair, storytelling programs, eco-fashion shows, and other activities.<ref name="tribuneindia.com/2004/20041008/world.htm"></ref> 


Krauchthal

Krauchthal is a village in the Canton of Bern. It is about halfway between Burgdorf and Bern, about 15 km northeast of the city of Bern. The commune of Krauchthal is made of the villages Krauchthal (with Hub and Dieterswald), and Hettiswil. The name of the settlements was mentioned during the Middle Ages. Krauchthal in 1208, Hettiswil in 1107, Hub and Dieterswald in 1326, Thorberg in 1196. In 2006, 2345 people lived there. In Thorberg, there is a castle. This has been converted to a prison.


Dangerously in Love

Dangerously in Love is the debut solo studio album by American singer Beyoncé, released on June 20, 2003 by Columbia Records. During the recording of Destiny's Child's third studio album, "Survivor" (2001), the group announced that they would produce solo albums to be released. Recording sessions for the album took place from March 2002 to March 2003 at several studios, whilst Destiny's Child were on a break.





! style="text-align:center;"|Awards ceremony
! style="text-align:center; width:30px;"|Year
! style="text-align:center;"|Nominated Work
! style="text-align:center;"|Award
! style="text-align:center;"|Results

Until the End of Time

Until the End of Time is a R&B song written by Justin Timberlake, Tim Mosley, and Nate Hills and is the first single from the deluxe edition of the studio album "FutureSex/LoveSounds". The Benjamin Wright Orchestra also appears on the song. The official date was November 26, 2006 for mainstream urban radio. The single version of the song featuring Beyoncé Knowles debuted onJune 5, 2007 on US radio and the official single release was on November 13, 2007.

A music video has been shot at the three major destinations: Philippines, Indonesia and Los Angeles (US) on October 24, 2007. The video was released on MTV, November 22, 2007.

Inquisition

The Inquisition was the legal agent of the Catholic Church against heresy in the Middle Ages. It did two main things. First, it issued a list (the Index) of published books banned because they contained heresy. The faithful were forbidden to read such books. Second, it prosecuted individuals thought guilty of heresy.

Later versions of the Inquisitions had the power to use torture or the threat of torture to get confessions and religious conversions. It had the power to order executions. The standard method was to burn heretics alive, or to strangle them in public. The actual deed was done by the civil authorities.

The full name of the Inquisition was the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith () of the Catholic Church. It developed in stages. The first permanent Inquisition was established in 1229. It was run by the Dominicans in Rome. In 1478 Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella I of Castile set up the Spanish Inquisition.

In 1542 Pope Paul III established the Congregation of the Holy Office of the Inquisition as a tribunal staffed with cardinals and other officials. This version supervised the local Inquisitions in other countries, and also investigated important cases from Italy. The most famous case it tried was that of Galileo Galilei in 1633.

The word Inquisition comes from Latin "quaerere". That means "to turn", "to ask a question".


Lahore

Lahore () is the second biggest city in Pakistan. It is the capital of the province of Punjab. It is also known as the 'City of Gardens' because of its many parks and gardens. This city is known for its rich culture and lively atmosphere. Pakistan's major Urdu film industry Lollywood is based here at the "Cultural Heart of Pakistan". It is 60 km (35 mi) west of Amritsar, India. It has a semi-arid climate ("BSh" in the Köppen climate classification).
According to legend, the city was founded thousands of years ago by Lava or Lav, son of the deity Rama (hero of the Ramayana). Its original name was either 'Lav-garh' (Fort of Lav/Lava) or 'Lavapuri' (Place of Lava/Lav) which was later changed to 'Lavhur' or 'Lahor' and then 'Lahore'.

According to historians and archaeologists, Lahore was the capital of several Hindu dynasties from around 300-250 BC onwards. Probably the first of these dynasties was the 'Loh'(or Lav) dynasty of the Gujar tribe. Some people also believe that this city is the same one mentioned by Ptolemy in his "Geographia".

The ancient 'Walled City' was the old, proper Lahore, which later expanded in different directions. Quite a lot of work was done on it by the kings of the Delhi Sultanate and then the Mughals. Most of the newer areas and suburbs of the city are from the later British Raj from 1849 to 1947.

Lahore is historically an important place in the South Asian subcontinent. Famous buildings made here during the time of the Mughal Empire include the Badshahi Mosque, the Lahore Fort , and the Shalimar Gardens. It was the capital of the Sikh Empire of the early 19th century. Many of the city's old artifacts and historical treasures over the ages, can be seen at the famous Lahore Museum built later in the 19th century during British Indian rule.

Lahore is also important due to its role as a center of the Pakistan Movement later, and the famous Lahore Resolution of 1940 was passed here by the Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League, which eventually led to the making of an independent state of Pakistan in 1947. This event is commemorated by the Minar-e-Pakistan building in Iqbal Park. 

To the north of Lahore, near the Ravi River, lies the old suburb of Shah Dara, which is also considered to be historically significant, as the tombs of the Mughal Emperor Jahangir and his wife Nur Jahan, are situated here. According to the early English traveler, Thomas Coryat, who visited Lahore in its 'Golden Age' during the reign of Jahangir, it was probably the finest city in the world at that time, and 'exceedeth evene Constantinople in greatnesse' (It was even greater than Constantinople).

Lahore is Pakistan's top educational center. The old University of the Punjab has two campuses in the city. Other old and famous institutions of higher learning include the Government College University (GCU), the Forman Christian College , and the Kinnaird College for Women. The National College of Arts, a specialized fine arts institute, is also located here.

The city is also home to Pakistan's most prestigious high school and college, Aitchison College Lahore. Other institutions include the Central Model School, St Anthony's School, the Beaconhouse School System, Lahore College of Arts and Sciences (LACAS), and the Lahore Grammar School, and the world-famous King Edward Medical University is also located in Lahore.

Lahore is Pakistan's cultural, literary, and artistic heart. It has some of the best food in the whole Indian subcontinent at the Gawalmandi Food Street, near the old Walled City; and several notable cultural centers like the Alhamra Theatre, the Punjab Arts Council, the Lahore Museum, the Shakir Ali Museum, the Fakir Khana museum, and the Rafi Peer Theatre Group. The Lawrence Gardens, Lahore are another site from British times that is worth visiting. The famed Heera Mandi in the old Taxali Gate area is also a part of Lahore's historic culture. The Anarkali Bazaar is also a great place for traditional shopping.

Lahore is also important in Pakistan as a center of cultural and religious tolerance. The city does not have many religious fanatics or extremists, unlike some other parts of this country. The main reason is because of the strong influence of many famous Sufi saints who lived here in the past. The shrines (burial places) of some of them are still visited by many people. The shrines of Hazrat Daata Sahib and Mian Mir Sahib are especially famous. 




Peshawar

Peshawar is a city in Pakistan, and it is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. With a population of 1,970,042 according to the 2017 census, Peshawar is the largest city in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the sixth-largest in Pakistan.

Peshawar is derived from Purushapura which means city of men (In Sanskrit Purusha means Man and Pura means settlement). It is also locally pronounced as Pekhawar.

Peshawar is in a valley near the historic Khyber Pass, close to the border with Afghanistan, Peshawar's recorded history dates back to at least 539 BCE, making it the oldest city in Pakistan and one of the oldest in South Asia. Peshawar was the capital of the ancient Kushan Empire and also served as the capital for the Durrani Empire.

The city has always been very important as it served as a trading center during the Mughal Empire. It is connected to important places in the country by road, rail and air.

The main language spoken in Peshawar is Pashto while some speak Hindko. Urdu is understood throughout the city.

Peshawar is mostly Muslim which make 98.5% of the city's population in the 1998 census. Christians make up the second largest religious group with around 20,000 adherents, while over 7,000 members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community live in Peshawar. Hindus and Sikhs are also found in the city − though most of them migrated to India following the Partition of India in 1947.

In 2005, Peshawar district was home to 611,501 Afghan refugees — who made-up 19.7% of the district's total population and 20% of all Afghan refugees in Pakistan.

Peshawar has been attacked by Islamist terrorists many times. They include a car bombing at a market in 2009, a suicide bombing at a church in 2013 and a school massacre in 2014. Over 100 people were killed in each of those attacks. 

B'Day

B'Day is the second studio album by American singer Beyoncé, released by Columbia Records on 1 September 2006 outside North America, on September 4, 2006 worldwide, and on September 5, 2006 in Canada and the United States. The album's title comes from the fact that September 4, the date of worldwide release, is Beyoncé's birthday (2006 being her 25th). "B'Day" won the award for "Best Contemporary R&B Album" at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards. A two-CD deluxe edition of the album, including previously unreleased material in English and Spanish, was released on April 3 2007. 6 singles were released from the album: "Déjà Vu", "Ring the Alarm", "Irreplaceable", "Beautiful Liar", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light". "Check on It" was also a single, but was released from the Destiny's Child album #1's.


On digital copies "World Wide Woman" is a non-hidden track placed at track 8, and other songs are pushed down the track order.




Aldeburgh Festival

The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival where classical music concerts take place during the summer. Aldeburgh is in Suffolk in the south-east of England. It is where the composer Benjamin Britten lived with his friend the tenor Peter Pears. A lot of Britten’s music is played at the festival, but music by many other composers can be heard as well. Most of the concerts take place in the Maltings, a concert hall in the village of Snape, not far away from Aldeburgh.

The Festival was started in 1948 by Benjamin Britten, Peter Pears and the librettist Eric Crozier. They started the festival so that the English Opera Group would have a place to perform their operas, but soon the festival became bigger. There were poetry readings, drama performances, lectures and art exhibitions. The first festival was mostly held in Aldeburgh Jubilee Hall, a few doors away from Britten's house in Crabbe Street. His opera "Albert Herring" was performed, as well as his "St Nicolas Cantata".

Over the years the festival grew. Some of the performances took place in the church, or in churches or other halls in nearby villages and small towns such as Orford and Framlingham. However, the festival needed a large concert hall. In the 1960s the old malthouse (where barley used to be made) in Snape was changed into a concert hall. It was opened by the Queen on 2 June 1967, at the start of the twentieth Aldeburgh Festival. 

Two years later, on the first night of the 1969 Festival, the concert hall was destroyed by fire. Only the main walls remained. For that year the Festival was moved to other local places, but by the next year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the Queen, this time at the start of the 1970 Festival.

The festival is now organized by Aldeburgh Music, which also runs the Britten-Pears Young Artist Programme which gives young musicians a chance to learn from famous music teachers and perform in concerts.

The festival has a nice atmosphere because it is in the country near the sea and marshes. New music is often performed. In the past there have been first performances of several works by Britten: ("A Midsummer Night's Dream" in 1960; "Death in Venice" in 1973) and also Harrison Birtwistle's "Punch and Judy" in 1968.

The Festival's Artistic Director is now the composer Thomas Adès, who was appointed in 1999.

Lanark (disambiguation)

Lanark could mean:




Peter Pears

Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears ( ; 22 June 19103 April 1986), was an English tenor and life-long partner of the composer Benjamin Britten.
Pears was at school at Lancing College. He then studied music at Keble College, Oxford. He was organist at Hertford College, Oxford but left Oxford without taking his degree. He later studied singing for two terms at the Royal College of Music.
He met Britten in 1934, when he was a member of the BBC Singers. Pears and Britten gave their first recital together in 1937 at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1939 they went to America together because of World War II. However, in 1942 they decided to return to their own country. Back in England they performed Britten's song cycle "Seven Sonnets of Michelangelo" together at the Wigmore Hall in London (Britten was an excellent pianist), and then recorded them for EMI, their first recording together.

Peter Pears was a great inspiration for Britten’s vocal writing. Many of Britten's operas have a main tenor role which was written for Pears to sing. Britten also wrote over 100 songs with piano accompaniment. Britten also wrote works for tenor and orchestra. These include "Les Illuminations", "Nocturne", the "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings" and the Canticles. In Britten’s operas he sang "Peter Grimes" and "Albert Herring" (title roles), "The Beggar's Opera" (Macheath), "Owen Wingrave" (Sir Philip Wingrave), "Billy Budd" (Captain Vere), "The Turn of the Screw" (Quint), "Death in Venice" (Aschenbach) and the three Church Parables.

Pears helped to write the words for "A Midsummer Night's Dream", based on the Shakespeare play. In most of Britten’s operas Pears sang serious roles, but in A Midsummer Night’s Dream he had a comic role: the part of Flute the Bellowsmender. In this role he was dressed up as a female and did a parody of the great opera singer Joan Sutherland singing the mad scene from "Lucia di Lammermoor ".

Pears’s voice was a lyrical tenor, not a heavy, operatic one. Britten was extremely skilful in writing music for him which suited his voice very well. He sang regularly at the Royal Opera House and many other opera houses in Europe and the United States.

He was also a great singer of Franz Schubert's "Lieder", usually with Britten as accompanist, and he often sang the part of the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach's Passions.

His last great role written for him by Britten was as Aschenbach in "Death in Venice". He sang this in 1973 at the Aldeburgh Festival, and the following year in the Royal Opera House. Britten by then had heart disease and was too ill to go to the performances, dying in 1976.

Pears continued to live in the Red House, Aldeburgh. After he retired from performing he continued to teach young singers at the Britten-Pears Foundation. He was awarded a CBE in 1955 and knighted in 1977.
In his last years Pears also suffered from heart disease. He died ten years after Britten. He is buried next to him in the churchyard of Saint Peter and Saint Paul's Church in Aldeburgh.
There are many recordings of Pears’s singing including almost all the music that Britten wrote for him as well as the roles of the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach’s "St Matthew Passion" and "St John Passion " and Gerontius in Elgar’s "Dream of Gerontius".


Me, Myself and I

Me, Myself and I is an R&B/neo soul song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, and Robert Waller for Knowles' solo debut studio album "Dangerously in Love" (2003). In this laid-back, but strong-willed female-empowerment anthem, the singer comes to terms with a cheating boyfriend, and declares that in the world that there is only one person she can trust who never lets her down: herself. "Me, Myself and I" was the third single to be released from the album, in the last quarter of 2003. It reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks, becoming Beyoncé's fourth consecutive top five single in the United States; it also reached eleven in the United Kingdom.


Lanark: A Life in Four Books

Lanark: A Life in Four Books was the first novel of Scottish writer Alasdair Gray, and is still his best known. The book was written over a period of almost thirty years and was published in 1981. It has real and fantasy descriptions of Gray's home city of Glasgow.

The book has won the Saltire Society Book of the Year and David Niven awards, and has become a cult classic. In 2006, "The Guardian" said "Lanark" was "one of the landmarks of 20th-century fiction."

Sexy Little Thug

"Sexy Lil' Thug" is a remake by Beyoncé, of 50 Cent’s hit single "In da Club". Recorded and released just weeks after the original, it samples the original’s instrumental and melody, with Beyoncé singing her own, newly-added verses.

It isn’t known if the song was actually meant to serve as the first single from Beyoncé’s upcoming solo album "Dangerously in Love", or if it was put out simply for promotion. Yet, perhaps due to contractual reasons, Beyoncé’s father and manager Mathew Knowles did state to MTV News in April, that the song was just a buzz cut and would not appear on the album.

But despite the impending permission issues, the song managed to stay on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for 7 weeks, peaking at #67, as well as the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart for 4 weeks, where it also peaked at #67.

The song eventually received an official release in November 2005, on Beyoncé's "Speak My Mind" mixtape.

Encore (concert)

An encore is an extra piece that is played at the end a performance. It is not on the programme, although the performer may have secretly planned it. A performer will play an encore if the audience claps a lot. Sometimes the audience shout "encore!" when they want an encore. The word "encore" is the French word for "again".

An encore is usually a short piece. Often it is a fast piece to finish the performance off happily, but if a musician has just played a very energetic, loud piece, then the encore might be a quiet piece. A concert given by a solo performer or small group of performers is more likely to finish with an encore than a concert with an orchestra, but a lot depends on the tradition from one country to another.

Cay

A cay (also spelled key; both pronounced alike as "key" ) is a small, low island made of mostly sand or coral and on top of a coral reef.

The English word "cay" comes from the Spanish word "cayo" and this from the Taíno word "cayo" meaning "small island". The English words "key" and "quay" (which means wharf) come from the old French "kai" meaning "sand bank". Because it is a Taíno word, "cay" (and the other forms) are used mainly in the Caribbean, but the type of island is in tropical seas where there are coral reefs.

Sand cays are built on the edge of the coral reefs, opposite the direction from which the wind blows most of the time. Because of that, cays are often elongated. Tides and wind (and sometimes sea birds) deposit coral debris. Weather affects the formation of cays greatly. Large tides bring much more debris onto the cay and make it larger, while a hurricane destroys a cay.

Some cays are very large; Cayo Coco, north of Cuba, is about 370 km. Those large cays are being used for tourism because they have beaches with white sand and the presence of coral reefs.


Sarcopterygii

The Sarcopterygii is a class of fish. They are lobe-finned fish, like the lungfish and coelacanths. They are a clade of bony fish which first appeared in the Silurian, 418 million years ago (mya). One line in this group gave rise to the tetrapods.

These are bony fishes with paired rounded fins. These fins, being similar to limbs, suggest that these fish may be ancestors of land vertebrates. All sarcopterygians possess teeth covered with true enamel.

As a clade, the group includes all its descendants. This means it includes the Tetrapods, that is, all species of four-limbed vertebrates. The fin-limbs of sarcopterygiians are very similar to what people believe was the ancestral form of tetrapod limbs. The ancestors of tetrapods are to be found amongst the lobe-fins of the Devonian period. The term 'fishapod' is becoming used for this transitional group.

Sarcopterygians and their relatives the Actinopterygii ('ray-finned fish') make up the super-class Osteichthyes, the 'bony fish', which have a bony skeleton rather than cartilage. Otherwise, there are vast differences in fin, respiratory, and circulatory structures between the Sarcopterygii and the Actinopterygii.

The first sarcopterygians, found in the uppermost Silurian (about 418 mya), closely resembled the Acanthodii, the 'spiny fish' which went extinct at the end of the Palaeozoic era. In the early–middle Devonian (416–385 mya), while the predatory placoderms dominated the seas, some sarcopterygians came into freshwater habitats.

In the early Devonian (416–397 mya), the sarcopterygians split into two main lineages — the Coelacanths and the Rhipidistia. The former never left the oceans and their heyday was the late Devonian and Carboniferous, from 385 to 299 mya, as they were more common during those periods than in any other period in the Phanerozoic; coelacanths still live today in the oceans (genus "Latimeria").

The Rhipidistians, whose ancestors probably lived in the oceans near the river mouths (estuaries), left the ocean world and migrated into freshwater habitats. They in turn split into two major groups : the lungfish and the tetrapods. The lungfish evolved the first proto-lungs and proto-limbs; they learned in the middle Devonian (397–385 mya) how to live outside a water environment, using their stubby fins (proto-limbs) to walk on land and find new water if their waterhole was depleted, and their lungs to breathe air and get sufficient oxygen. The lungfish's greatest diversity was in the Triassic period; today there are fewer than a dozen genera left.

The first tetrapodomorphs, which included the gigantic rhizodonts, had the same general anatomy as the lungfish, who were their closest kin, but they appear not to have left their water habitat until the later Devonian epoch (385–359 mya), with the appearance of tetrapods (four-legged vertebrates). Tetrapods are the only tetrapodomorphs which survived after the Devonian.

Non-tetrapod sarcopterygians continued until towards the end of Paleozoic era, suffering heavy losses during the Permian-Triassic extinction event (251 mya).



Actinopterygii

The Actinopterygii is the class of ray-finned fishes.

The ray-finned fishes get their name from the fact their fins are webs of skin held by bony or horny spines ("rays"). This is different from the fleshy fins of the fish in the Sarcopterygii. Ray-finned fish first appeared in the Silurian period.

Actinopterygians are the largest class of vertebrates. There are nearly 25,000 species. They can be found in both fresh water and marine environments from the deep sea to the highest mountain streams. 

Most of the living species are teleosts, which are late-comers to the fish domain. The first teleosts are in the Mesozoic era, yet now they make up 96% of all fish.


EP

EP may refer to following:


Extended play

Extended play (EP) is a name given to CDs and records which contain more music than a single, but are too short to be called a music album. EPs usually have about 10 to 25 minutes of music, singles have less than 10 minutes and albums have about 25 to 80 minutes of music.


Richard von Weizsäcker

Richard Karl Freiherr von Weizsäcker (15 April 1920 – 31 January 2015) was a German politician, and a member of the CDU party. He was President of Germany from 1984 to 1994.

He was born in Stuttgart, the son of the diplomat Ernst von Weizsäcker and brother of physicist and philosopher Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. His grandfather Carl von Weizsäcker had been Minister President of Württemberg

In World War II he served in the German Army. He was wounded in East Prussia in 1945 and was sent home to Stuttgart. Then he continued his study of history in Göttingen and eventually studied law.

As a law student he was a member of his father's defence team at the Eleventh secondary Nuremburg Trial aka the Ministries Trial. He took his first judicial state exam in 1950, the second in 1953, and in 1955 was promoted "doctor juris". In 1953 he married Marianne von Kretschmann; they have four children.

From 1967 to 1984 he was a member both of the Synod and the Council of the Evangelical Church in Germany. He leaded the German Evangelical Church Assembly from 1964 to 1970.

Richard von Weizsäcker joined the CDU in 1954 and was a member of the Bundestag (German Parliament) from 1969 to 1981.

He was elected vice president of the Bundestag 1979-1981, but did not stand for re-election, because he became the Governing Mayor () of West Berlin (1981-1984).

He was elected President of Germany by the Bundesversammlung (Federal Convention) in 1984, succeeding Karl Carstens. He was Germany’s first president after reunification.

After his presidency, he was involved in politics and charitable affairs. He was the chair of a commission installed by the then SPD-Bündnis 90/Die Grünen government for reforming the Bundeswehr.

He has served on many international commissions. He was chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and was one of three 'Wise Men' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union.
He retired in 1994 and lived in Berlin. He wrote books during his retirement.

Richard von Weizsäcker died in Berlin, Germany, aged 94.

Von Weizsäcker has written may books, including

His autobiograghy is called "From Weimar to the Wall: My Life in German Politics" (1999).

Millennium Stadium

The Millennium Stadium is a stadium in Cardiff, Wales. It has a capacity of around 74,500.

National Collegiate Athletic Association

The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) is a college sports organization in the United States. It was established on March 31, 1906. The NCAA has three levels of sports: Division I, Division II, and Division III. Division I schools usually are the biggest college sports powers, with larger budgets, better sports facilities, and higher numbers of sports scholarships compared to Division II and III schools. Its headquarters are in Indianapolis, Indiana. The NCAA was started in 1906.


Happy Mondays

The Happy Mondays were an alternative rock band from Manchester who became popular in the 1980s. They were associated with the house music movement and Madchester. Their biggest hit was Step On, from the album Pills n Thrills n Bellyaches.

Adidas

Adidas AG is a major German sports apparel manufacturer, part of the Adidas Group, consisting of Reebok sportswear company, Taylormade golf company, Maxfli golf balls, and Adidas golf and is the second largest sportswear manufacturer in the world.

Adidas was founded in 1948 by Adolf Dassler. The title of brand was named after the founder (Adi from Adolf das from Dassler). A year later, the basic form of Adidas logo Three stripes was made. Adidas products are still being made today. The Adidas group makes 600 kinds of shoes and 1,500 kinds of clothings every season.

Adidas has three types of logos, which are originals, sports performance, and sports style. Each type follows the product design concept and shared inspiration. They imply the features of lots of products.
Adidas heritage line shows the combined design of sportism and lifestyle. With retrospecting 60s, products including clothes, shoes, bags, and other fashion items are reappearing. Heritage’s logo Trefoil was developed based on the three stripes in 1971. With crossing the tree stripes which symbolize diversity of brand, the unique characteristic of logo is expressed geometrically. This was an innovation in the existing logo.
Sports performance line shows the goods which contains its self-esteem as a professional sports brand. The logo with three stripes has been used constantly. And, in 1997, Adidas‘ creative director Peter Moore renobated the type. He wanted to keep important meanings of old one, but at the same time he needed new logo which can be applied to the modern design. From his hand, three stripes became to mean a mountain which symbolizes a challenge and an accomplishment. And the parallel lines of stripes express gradually the brand's goal.
It might be called "collection line." This Adidas sports style has shown off its design which is made by Yohji Yamamoto. He designs shoes, clothes, and accessaries with future-oriented images. in 2001, the initial sports style logo symbolized the swiftly chaning world. The three stripes which cross the oval capture the speed of changing. It means that the stripes are rushing with intersecting the world. The innovative works which pursue a beauty and a function based on tradition show brand's another potentiality.


Joy Division

Joy Division were an English Post punk band. It was made up of Ian Curtis as the lead singer, Peter Hook on bass, Stephen Morris as the Drummer and Bernard Albrecht (Sumner) on Guitar and occasional Keyboards They came out of the punk music scene in 1976, and in three years time became a band that inspired musicians from bands such as U2, Nine Inch Nails, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and The Cure. In 1980, they disbanded after the death of Ian Curtis and reformed as New Order.

During the Anarchy in the UK tour, the Sex Pistols played in Manchester on June 4. In the audience that night were three young men living around Manchester: school mates Peter Hook and Bernard Albrecht, and Ian Curtis. A few days later, Hook and Albrecht decided to start up a band, with Hook on bass and Albrecht on guitar. They got Terry Mason as a drummer, but still needed a singer. They placed an ad in the Virgin record shop in Manchester. Curtis answered it and became the singer of the band, called at the time the Stiff Kittens. He would also write the lyrics.

They practiced a lot during a few months, and wrote their first songs. In May of 1977, the band's name was changed to Warsaw and Mason was replaced on drums by Tony Tabac. Just a month later, Tabac left and Steve Brotherdale was hired as new drummer. It was at the same time that Paul Morley of the NME and DJ Rob Gretton found out about the band and saw its potential. Warsaw made a demo tape with five songs in the Pennine Sound Studios in July, but Brotherdale quit the group a few days later.

Finally, Stephen Morris joined the band. In October, they played at the Electric Circus, which was due to close down, along with The Fall and The Buzzcocks.

In December, they recorded four songs, which were to appear later as "An Ideal For Living". In January of 1978 the band changed its name to Joy Division to avoid any confusion with another group. They practised a lot and wrote new songs. On April 14 1978, they played along with 16 bands in a contest. Tony Wilson, who worked for Granada TV, and Rob Gretton liked their performance very much.

In 1979 Joy Division released their first album "Unknown Pleasures" which was well received by critics. During 1979 and early 1980 their popularity increased. Also in this period lead singer Ian Curtis suffered worsening bouts of illness caused by epilepsy.

The band returned to the studio in 1980 to record their second album "Closer" and a single "Love Will Tear Us Apart". Before these recordings were released Curtis had committed suicide at just 23. The unreleased album and single were subsequently released to critical acclaim. The remaining members of Joy Division reformed in 1980 as New Order and enjoyed considerable worldwide success during the 1980s and 1990s.

Many musicians and bands have acknowledged their appreciation of the work of Joy Division including U2 frontman Bono, Moby, Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Killers and the song Love Will Tear Us Apart has been covered by many artists from different musical backgrounds and genres.


New Order

New Order are a band from Salford, popular in the 1980s. Its members are: Bernard Sumner, Stephen Morris, Gillian Gilbert, Phil Cunningham, and Tom Chapman. Their biggest hit is "Blue Monday", which was the biggest selling 12" record of all time. They started in 1980 after Ian Curtis, the singer of Joy Division, which the members were part of, committed suicide, because they had agreed before Curtis died that if any member left they would not carry on playing as Joy Division. They have broke up twice, first in 1993 and then in 2007. In 2011 they reformed. They have released nine studio albums.

Peter Hook

Peter "Hooky" Hook (born 13 February 1956) is an English bass guitar player. He played in the bands Joy Division, New Order, Revenge and Monaco.


Bernard Sumner

Bernard Sumner (born 4 January 1956) is a singer with the bands Joy Division and New Order. He is also known as Bernard Albrecht. He plays guitar and keyboard.

Sumner was born in Broughton, England.

Chorlton-on-Medlock

Chorlton-on-Medlock is a district of Manchester in England. It is south of the city centre. The northern border is the river Medlock. It is sometimes mistaken for Chorlton-cum-Hardy, a different place in Manchester. The main campuses of the University of Manchester and the Manchester Metropolitan University are in Chorlton-on-Medlock. A group of hospitals including the Manchester Royal Infirmary and hospitals for women, children and the treatment of diseases of the eyes is also in the district. Famous residents of Chorlton-on-Medlock include Lloyd George, Emmeline Pankhurst and Elizabeth Gaskell.

Ultimate Fighting Championship

The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is a U.S.-based mixed martial arts (MMA) organization, which is currently the largest MMA promotion in the world. The UFC's President is Dana White, who has been the President of the company since it was purchased by his friends the Fertitta brothers for $2 million in 2001. It was eventually sold by the Fertitta brothers for over $4 billion dollars in 2016, to its current owners Zuffa, LLC.
The UFC is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Chorlton-cum-Hardy

Chorlton-cum-Hardy is a southern district of Manchester, England. It is usually called just Chorlton. The river Mersey runs past its southern end, in a part called Chorlton Ees. "Ees" (plural) is a Saxon word for water meadow.

Neighbouring districts of Manchester are Whalley Range and West Didsbury, and to the west and north are Stretford and Old Trafford which are parts of Trafford. Hough End Hall is a manor house built in 1596. There are two churches belonging to the Church of England, St Clement's and St Werburgh's, and also St John's Church which is Roman Catholic, a Methodist church and a United Reformed church.
Cosgrove Hall was an animation studio in Chorlton. Its most famous cartoon is "Dangermouse". Some notable current and past residents of Chorlton are: George Best, the Bee Gees, The Stone Roses, and Blessed Ambrose Barlow. 
There are six primary schools in the Chorlton area. 

Acropolis

The word acropolis (Ancient Greek: ἀκρόπολις, "akropolis"; from "akros" (άκρος) or "akron" (άκρον), "highest, topmost, outermost", and "polis" (πόλις), "city"; plural in English: "acropoles", "acropoleis" or "acropolises") means the edge of a town, or more often a high city. Being easily defended against attackers, an acropolis often has a citadel. The most famous is the Acropolis of Athens.

"Acropolis" is also used for a central complex of overlapping structures, such as plazas and pyramids, in many Mayan cities, including Tikal and Copán.

Wokingham

Wokingham is a town in Berkshire in the south of England. It is the headquarters of Wokingham District. 30,403 people were living there in 2001.

October 2007 California wildfires

The California wildfires of October 2007 were more than 20 wildfires until November 9, 2007 burning in Southern California, making over 1,000,000 people to leave their homes, breaking at least 1,500 homes and buildings and moving in on at least 56,000 more.
At least of land were burned between Santa Barbara County and the Mexican border. Officials said that they feared the fire could become even more deadly than the 2003 Cedar Fire. The number and strength of the fires have tired the firefighters, with one department saying the "lack of resources [is] hindering suppression efforts."

The fires killed six people and have hurt at least 16 firefighters and 25 others.

California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in seven California counties where fires burned. President Bush has declared an emergency in the State of California and ordered Federal aid to help State and local efforts.

An event that helped the fires is the drought in Southern California. The fires have been strengthened by the strangely strong Santa Ana winds. The winds are believed to have broken power lines, creating some of the fires. One fire was because of arson; one was started by an flipped-over semi-truck. Why the other fires are happening it not yet known. Winds were not expected to get better until October 25 2007.

San Diego County is where the two biggest fires were, the Witch Fire near the northeastern edge of the city of San Diego, and the Harris fire southeast of San Diego. The Witch fire forced Interstate 15 to be closed, and the Harris fire was near the border with Mexico.

As of the night of October 22, 2007, at least 5,000 homes were in danger. About 500,000 people had to leave, the largest evacuation in the area's history. Evacuees were meeting at the Del Mar Fairgrounds, Qualcomm Stadium and other places in the county. Officials think that 10,000 were meeting at Qualcomm. As well as food, blankets and water, volunteers gave toys to children, massages, and a live rock and roll band show. Many schools and business were closed. The only burn unit in the county, the UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest was operated on an overflow basis. The unit, which has 18 beds, had 16 fire victims and several patients with injuries not due to the blazes.

As of October 23 at 11:34 a.m. PST:

The Witch Fire, also known as the Witch Creek Fire, was the largest of the fires. Approximately 6,800 structures were in danger, including 5,000 homes. Hundreds of thousands of people living there were told of evacuations through the Reverse 911 system. This evacuation comes almost exactly four years after the Cedar Fire of 2003.

The fire started near Santa Ysabel and quickly spread to Ramona, Rancho Bernardo, Poway and Escondido. From there the fire jumped over the Interstate 15 and kept moving west, causing bad damage in the areas of Lake Hodges, 4S Ranch, Del Dios, Harmony Grove and Rancho Santa Fe.

Heavy Santa Ana winds pushed the fires west near the coast. San Diego County Sheriff William B. Kolendar said that the Witch Creek Fire could be "well in excess of Cedar Fire of 2003". Officials also said that the fire could reach the coastline; people living in Solana Beach were told to be ready to evacuate.

All residents south of Del Dios Highway, north of Sorrento Valley Road, west of Interstate 15, and east of Interstate 5 were told to evacuate. By 9:30pm October 22, 2007 a dispatch from the city of Del Mar's web site stated "For your safety, we are strongly advising that all Del Mar residents evacuate." Evacuations were also ordered for Scripps Ranch neighborhood, mostly "Everything south of Scripps Poway Parkway, north of MCAS Miramar, east of Interstate 15, and west of Highway 67". The Mesa Grande Indian reservation was evacuated from the Witch Fire. Residents of the Barona Indian Reservation were told to leave if they wish. The casino on the reservation was closed. At about 01:00 on 23 October, fire happened near the southern end of Wild Cat Canyon, where many houses were broken and people killed in the Cedar Fire. Residents of Wild Cat Canyon and Muth Valley were told to evacuate, and the road was closed.

Many major roads were closed around the fire. On October 22, 2007, the California Highway Patrol closed Interstate 15 in both ways between state Route 78 and state Route 56.

The Harris Fire started at Harris Ranch Road near Potrero. As of October 23 the fire was moving towards eastern Chula Vista.

Two different Marine Corps Base fires were reported at about 1:00 p.m. on October 23. The Camp Margarita Fire is at 33 Area behind the Marine Corps Air Station. The Las Pulgas Fire is located at 43 Area near Basilone Road. Evacuations have been ordered.
The Coronado Hills Fire burned south of Cal State San Marcos.
The McCoy fire has burned in the Cleveland National Forest.
The fire started at about 3:13 a.m. on October 23 as a structure fire on the La Jolla Indian Reservation and then moved onto Palomar Mountain. It is running in the same way as the Rice Fire. With firefighters worried that the Rice Fire and Poomacha fire will meet in the Del Dios Canyon, firefighters have left the area and people living there have to leave.
The Rice Fire is burning in the Rice Canyon near Fallbrook, moving towards Rainbow Heights, and Santa Marguerita and Sandy Creek drainages.

As of 12:20 a.m. PST on October 23, the US Forest Service was thinking the Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires would meet into a single huge fire within 2 days.


As of 23 October 2007 the Buckweed fire in Agua Dulce and the Santa Clarita community of Canyon Country has burned in northeastern parts of the county. The communities of Santa Clarita, Leona Valley, Green Valley, Acton, Agua Dulce, and Mint Canyon were in danger. At least 925 firefighters are fighting the fire. Over 15,000 people and 5,500 homes had been evacuated.

The Canyon Fire has burned close to Malibu, California, mostly in Malibu Canyon. 600 residences, 200 commercial buildings, and 100 outbuildings were in danger, and 500 homes have been evacuated.
The Magic Fire started near The Old Road at Magic Mountain Parkway. Flames crept a few yards from West Ranch High School and many houses being made in Stevenson Ranch, but were pushed away. The fire is believed to have been caused accidentally by welders at a construction site.
The October Fire burned a small area in Santa Clarita, burning several homes in the Canyon Breeze Mobile Home Park.
Since 20 October 2007, the Ranch fire burned on the Los Angeles-Ventura county line, in the Angeles and Los Padres national forests. The fire is going around the Ventura County community of Piru and also threatened the communities of Fillmore, Ventura and Ojai. Three homes were destroyed, and 500 residences were in the fire's path. As of 7:00 a.m. local time, the fire was 10% under control. Evacuations were recommended in all of Piru and parts of Fillmore. Highway 126 was closed between Main Street and Chiquita Canyon Road in Piru. Angeles National Forest officials were closing the whole forest, starting October 23.

The Santiago Fire began shortly before 5:55pm on October 21, 2007 in the foothills north of Irvine and east of the city of Orange in Orange County. Fire officials have said that the source of the fire is arson; the fire was said to have been started in three different spots. The fire has burned over and is 30% contained. Strong winds stopped people from fighting the fire and forced a dozen firefighters to seek emergency shelter under tents after the fire moved at them. Two homes, one mobile home, and one outbuilding were destroyed. Several other buildings damaged, and four firefighters were a bit hurt from the fire. Damage estimates put the fire's cost at $5.5 million.

The Slide Fire has burned at Green Valley Lake, west of Lake Arrowhead. The Green Valley Lake, Arrow Bear, and Running Springs communities are under evacuation. Reports indicate water pressure in local systems was lost and conditions were too harsh for fighters to continue efforts in some areas. The fire has burned a camp owned by the Boy Scouts of America's local council, the California Inland Empire Council, called "Camp Helendade." Helendade was originally given to the council in 1960 to replace another camp that had been burned.
The Grass Valley Fire is burning just north of Lake Arrowhead. An online appeal from firefighters near the blaze at Lake Arrowhead showed that resources were spread thin:

"Immediate threat to 100 structures and possible threat to thousands ... Multiple downed power lines. IC (Incident Command) asking for resources from anywhere ... Lack of resources hindering suppression efforts. Unable to fly aircraft. All local engines are depleted."

The fire began near Martin Ranch Road and Meyers Road.
This fire was in the Ontario, California area. It damaged several buildings.
Together the fires made it a must to close Interstate 15 in the Cajon Pass. One fire was started by an flipped-over semi-truck. This fire burned 250 acres. It is currently 50% under control. 107 firefighters are assigned to this fire.
The Little Mountain fire threatens several homes and other structures.

The Sedgewick Fire was the farthest north of the October 2007 California wildfires. It started around 6:00 a.m. PST on October 21, 2007 from a falling power line. The fire burned a total of near Los Olivos. Approximately 2000 people were affected and 800 homes threatened before the fire was all under control around 5:00 p.m. on October 22.

The Roca fire began at 3:52 p.m. on October 21 in Aguanga, and burned east of Temecula. The fire was 100% contained on October 22. One home was destroyed and one injury was reported from the fire.
The Rosa fire began at 11:00 p.m. on October 22 in western Temecula and burned . The fire is 50% under control; 100% expected by October 24 at 6 p.m.

The fires were in a very dry area and they were made worse by seasonal winds called the Santa Ana winds. The San Diego Union Tribune reported, "Santa Ana winds blowing up to 60 mph combined with temperatures into the 90s to create in the worst possible fire conditions." Southern California was in the midst of an unusual drought; in Los Angeles, California, with only 3.21 in (82 mm) of precipitation in the entire 2006-2007 rain season, it is the driest year on record, receiving less rain than Death Valley in a normal year.

The Santa Ana winds are warm, dry winds that characteristically appear in Southern California and Northern Baja California weather during autumn and early winter. Santa Anas are a type of föhn wind, the result of air pressure buildup in the high-altitude Great Basin between the Sierra Nevada and the Rocky Mountains. This high energy wind spills out of the Great Basin and is pulled by gravity into the surrounding lowlands. The air circulates clockwise around the high pressure area bringing winds from the east and northeast to Southern California (the reverse of the westerly winds characteristic of the latitude). The air heats up due to adiabatic heating while being compressed during its descent. While the air has already been dried by orographic lift prior to reaching the Great Basin, the relative humidity of the air declines rapidly as it descends and warms in its final stages as it passes over the Transverse and Peninsular Ranges.

The air is then forced down the mountain slopes out towards the Pacific coast; the air mass is further heated by compression as it drops in altitude before reaching the Los Angeles Basin, western San Diego County and Tijuana (Baja California) at typical speeds of 35 knots. The southern California coastal region gets some of its hottest weather of the year during autumn while Santa Ana winds are blowing. During Santa Ana conditions it is typically hotter along the coast than in the deserts and the humidity plummets to less than 15%.

As the Santa Ana winds are channeled through the mountain passes they can approach hurricane force. The combination of wind, heat, and dryness turns the chaparral into explosive fuel for the infamous wildfires the region is known for. Wildfires fanned by Santa Ana winds burned 721,791 acres (2,921 km²) in two weeks during October 2003.

As of October 22, the high wind conditions were expected to continue to hamper firefighting for three additional days.

At around 12:30 PM, officials believed that some of the fires were generating their own winds, similar to the Oakland Firestorm of 1991.

On October 21, the Harris Fire damaged and disabled the Southwest Power Link, a 500,000-volt power line from Arizona to San Diego. Power outages were reported in Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and other counties on October 22 to 333,500 Southern California Edison customers, most being restored within 24 hours. The power outage also affected the areas of Ojai, Oxnard, Simi Valley, Santa Clarita, Thousand Oaks, Rialto, Fontana, San Bernardino, Rancho Cucamonga, Mira Loma, Hesperia, Corona, Bloomington, Irvine, Calimesa and Rubidoux. This outage also caused 230 people to be without power in Malibu. The California Independent System Operator Corp, or California ISO, declared an energy transmission emergency in southern California on October 23, due to wildfires affecting the lines. 500,000-, 230,000- and 138,000-volt lines were disabled in San Diego, and some lines in other areas were also disabled. 24,992 lost power, due to lack of power from the power grid.

The San Diego Community College District on October 22, 2007 initially closed Miramar College, followed by Mesa College and selected Continuing Education sites in the northern area of the District. Effective at 3:00 p.m. the same day all colleges, campuses and sites of the San Diego Community College District were closed and would remain so through at least October 23, 2007. Students and faculty were urged to seek an update on possible closures on October 23 after 5:00pm local time. Numerous other schools, businesses and universities closed as well, including California State University, San Marcos, San Diego State University, UC San Diego, the University of San Diego and the San Diego Wild Animal Park. Classes for Tuesday, October 23 were canceled for all of San Diego Unified School District and all other districts in the county and all schools in the municipalities of Tijuana, Tecate and Rosarito, located across the border in Baja California, Mexico.

In the Santa Clarita area, classes and events were cancelled at College of the Canyons and CalArts; local public schools were cancelled as well. All public schools were closed in Malibu, and there were some school closings in Orange County, Ventura County and San Bernardino County.

By mid-morning on October 22, 2007, thousands of evacuees were taking shelter in Qualcomm Stadium and other locations throughout San Diego. On the afternoon of October 22, 2007, the Marines were evacuating some planes from Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to other military bases in California and Arizona. The San Diego Wild Animal Park moved some animals to the on-site animal hospital for their protection.

As of October 22 2007, with Qualcomm Stadium still hosting evacuees, the San Diego State University football team was still planning to host their Saturday game against BYU in the stadium. Some players and coaches were affected by evacuations. Numerous San Diego area high schools canceled games and practices at least through October 24 2007. With many players from the San Diego Chargers affected by evacuations, the team moved practices to Arizona and they may move their upcoming game there as well.

Government agencies and volunteers worked together to mitigate the effects of the fires. According to the state of California's Consolidated Response web page, "There are 17 active fires in Southern California. The priority for fighting fires as of 1930 on October 21 is the Buckweed, Witch, Harris, Canyon, Ranch, Santiago, and Sedgewick Fires."

With many businesses and schools closed, some people used their time off to help others. Officials estimated that 10,000 people were gathered at Qualcomm stadium, the largest shelter point in San Diego. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints opened ten of its churches as temporary shelters and, at the request of the mayor of San Diego, delivered two truckloads of blankets and processed food to evacuees in Qualcomm Stadium.

The Salvation Army provided food, water and comfort to firefighters, police and others affected by the blaze.

The Navy and Marines were also helping in San Diego. Six crews from the Navy's Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 based at Naval Air Station North Island were assigned to battle the Witch Creek fire. They fly MH-60 Seahawk helicopters which have a 420-gallon water bucket and they are the only local Navy teams trained to fight fires from the air. Marine Corps Air Station Miramar contributed several aircraft as well as fire fighting trucks to operations based in Ramona.


Parasaurolophus

Parasaurolophus is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of what is now North America, about 76.5–73 million years ago. Its name means "near crested lizard". It was given this name because when it was first discovered scientists thought it was related to Saurolophus. It was a herbivore that walked both as biped and a quadruped. It probably lived in herds. 

Parasaurolophus was a hadrosaur. They had a large head crest, which was a long curved tube. It went upwards and back from the skull. The crest has been much discussed by scientists. They think its main functions were visual recognition of species and sex, acoustic resonance (making a loud sound), and thermoregulation. Parasaurolophus is one of the rarer hadrosaurs: there are only a few good specimens.

Thai boxing

Thai boxing (or Muay Thai) is a combat sport (martial art) that has been developed in Thailand. It is known also as "the art of eight limbs", because both hands, elbows, knees, and legs can be used to attack an opponent. In the competition, the high kicks in the head can seem to make a stronger effect. In spite of this, the persons with special skills and knowledge of this sport declare that the low kicks, the elbows, and the knees are more effective or forceful for the persons who fight. 

A person, who takes part in the competition, does the long ceremony and the act established by custom before the fight. They exist for religious reasons, and they serve as stretching the muscles and as preparation.The long history of Muay Thai began with its use in warfare in the past. This is different from Muay Thai nowadays which is used as a sport. By using gloves to prevent danger from occurring. Muay Thai is still known as The eight arts of attack, which include two hands, two feet, two elbows, and two knees (in some texts it might be Nawawat, which includes the use of the head to attack, or Tosaweapon, which includes the use of the buttocks to attack) Muay Thai is inherited from ancient boxing. Which is divided into each line according to that locality, with the main important lines such as Tha Sao boxing (Northern region), Korat boxing (Northeastern region), Chaiya boxing (Southern region), Lopburi boxing, and Phra Nakhon boxing (Central region). There is a saying that "Hard punch in Korat, smart Lopburi, Tha Dee Chaiya, faster than Tha Sao" Sometimes there are legends of kings or nobles who are experts in fighting disguised themselves to compete to test their skills, including King Suea (Khun Luang Sorasak), King Taksin the Great. Phraya Phichai Dap Hak, Kru Dok, Mueang Wiset Chai Chan Subdistrict Until when Thailand lost its capital to Burma. The name of Mr. Khanom Tom appeared. Ayutthaya boxing teacher who were forcibly taken as prisoners of war to fight with the Burmese Winning many times is a demonstration of the ruthless skill of Muay Thai.In the late Ayutthaya period, the Department of Electoral Attorneys and the Royal Police Department were established to provide protection to the king and the royal family. There was training in martial arts, both Muay Thai and wrestling, following the example of Persian guests (Iran). Therefore, many Muay Thai teachers and skilled boxers entered government service and displayed their fighting skills in the royal court and in front of the royal palace at various festivals. Come together regularly

The training for Thai boxing is known for its being strong and its firmness, with modern workouts including both strength and cardio. Strength workouts include weightlifting and dumbbells, while cardio includes running. Some fighters will even train by kicking hard objects such as metal poles. It aims to harden the eight members of the body, so that being hit with the shinbone of the Thai boxer is often compared to being hit with a baseball stick. The Thai boxers usually kick with the shinbone instead of with the foot.

Thai boxing has influenced a lot on developing of kickboxing which afterwards has been created in Japan, in Europe, and in North America and some parts of Africa

Almost every act of moving in Thai boxing use the whole body, while turning the hip to every kick and every blow with the fist. As a result, the attacks and the defense in Thai boxing are slower but more powerful for example than those of boxing or of karate. 


Carrefour

Carrefour SA (IPA: /karfur/) is a French international hypermarket chain. It has many shops around the world. It is the second largest retail group in the world in terms of revenue and sales figures after Wal-Mart. Carrefour operates mainly in the European Union, Brazil, Argentina and Colombia. It also has shops in Africa, and Asia. Carrefour means cross-road (the place where two roads meet) in French.

Never Say Never

Never S-A-Y Never is the second album by American R&B singer Brandy, released by Atlantic Records on June 8, 1998 in Europe and on June 9, 1998 in North America. Chiefly produced by Rodney Jerkins, helped to make Jerkins' Timbaland-inspired production sound popular, which he later used for recordings by Whitney Houston, Destiny's Child, and others. "Never Say Never" earned Brandy five Grammy Award nominations and became her biggest-selling album to date.

Soviet occupation zone of Germany

The Soviet Occupation Zone (German: Sowjetische Besatzungszone (SBZ) or Ostzone , Sovetskaya zona Germanii, "Soviet Zone of Germany") was the area of eastern Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on, at the end of World War II. It became East Germany.

American forces first occupied some of the area. The Americans withdrew in July 1945 to the agreed occupation zone boundaries.

The Soviet Military Administration in Germany (German initials: SMAD) allowed four political parties to form, but they all had to work in the "All-Party Committee" (the "Nationale Front").

The Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Communist Party of Germany were merged into the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (which became the governing party of East Germany). Finally, the SED created other parties, to weaken the Christian Democratic Union and Liberal Democratic Party of Germany.

Originally, Stalin wanted to Sovietize all of Germany, but when the West resisted this idea, he tried to work for a united Germany which would be neutral, but when the West again said no he decided to build a new country out of the Soviet occupation zone. This became East Germany

The Soviet occupation zone included the central parts of Prussia. After Prussia was dissolved by the allied powers in 1947, the area was divided between the German states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia.

On October 8, 1949, the part of the Soviet zone west of the Oder-Neisse line became the German Democratic Republic, usually known simply as East Germany. In 1952, the states were dissolved, and changed to 14 districts, plus East Berlin. East Berlin was treated as part of the new East Germany, but technically was part of the Allied-controlled city of Berlin.


Need for Speed: Most Wanted

Need For Speed Most Wanted is the 11th installment in the "Need for Speed" series. It is available for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360, GameBoy Advance, Nintendo DS and the GameCube. The game was first released on November 15, 2005.

Another version called Need For Speed: Most Wanted: 5-1-0 was released for the PlayStation Portable. The game consists of the player racing to make their way up the "Blacklist" until they finally challenge the top racer, Razor. There are 15 blacklists (levels) you have to complete 1 - 15 blacklists to complete the game.

Ironman

Iron Man could mean:


The term "Iron Man" is used in multiple sports for players with long streaks of consecutive games. For example, the term "Iron Man of Baseball" refers to either Lou Gehrig or Cal Ripken, Jr..
As of March 31, 2007, the current regular season ironmen in the four major North American sports are:

The term "iron man" can also be used to describe a game that is played by oneself whereas additional players would normally be required. It is also used in the Arena Football League for any player that plays both offensive and defensive positions.

The term could also mean:







Iron Man (song)

"Iron Man" is the name of a song by Black Sabbath. It was on their second album, "Paranoid" (1970). The song is one of Black Sabbath's greatest hits.
"Iron Man" appears to be about a man who travels to the future and witnesses the Apocalypse. On his way back, he is caught in Earth's magnetic field, and turned to steel. When he comes back, he tries to warn the people about the Apocalypse, but they do not believe him, and shun him, so he takes his revenge by killing them all, thus bringing about the Apocalypse he saw. It would appear that he died and came back to life, for "vengeance from the grave kills the people he once saved" is a line from the song. 

"Iron Man" has been used many times, and is frequently performed at events. Its riff has become one of the most easily recognizable riffs in music.

The 2008 movie "Iron Man" features portions of this song at the end of the movie.

The title of the song was conceived by Ozzy Osbourne. Geezer Butler took to writing the lyrics around the title. The song was originally entitled "Iron Bloke". Upon hearing the main guitar riff for the first time, Osbourne remarked that it sounded "like a big iron bloke walking about". The title was later changed to "Iron Man".

Death in Venice (opera)

Death in Venice is an opera by Benjamin Britten. It is based on the story "Death in Venice" ("Der Tod in Venedig") by the German writer Thomas Mann.

The libretto (words) for the opera was written by Myfanwy Piper. It was the last opera that Britten wrote. It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh, England on June 16, 1973. Britten was too ill to conduct it himself. The main part of Aschenbach was sung by Sir Peter Pears.

The story is supposed to take place in the year 1911. It starts in Munich, and then moves to Venice. The opera is divided into two acts.

Aschenbach is a famous German writer. He is getting old and starting to find it difficult to think of new ideas for stories. As he is walking in Munich he stops in front of a cemetery. He sees a traveller who is obviously from another country. This makes him think he ought to travel somewhere to get new ideas for his books.

He takes a boat to Venice. On the boat he watches a group of young people. Their leader is showing off. Aschenbach realizes that, although their leader looks young, he is in fact old. He has dressed in clothes and used make-up to make him look young. Aschenbach does not like him.

In Venice he is takes a gondola, but the boatman does not take him where he wants to go. Aschenbach argues at first, but the boatman does not take any notice. 

Aschenbach arrives at the hotel. In the hotel he watches the people coming down to dinner. Suddenly he sees Tadzio. Tadzio is a young Polish boy who is unbelievably beautiful. Aschenbach realizes it is stupid for him to feel love for the boy, but he cannot get the boy out of his mind.

Aschenbach watches Tadzio playing on the sandy beach. When he notices that the boy (like many Polish people) hates the Russian guests, he realizes that the boy is not quite perfect after all.

Aschenbach walks along the streets of Venice. Everywhere beggars are asking him for money. There is a horrible smell coming from the water of the canals. Aschenbach decides to leave Venice. The hotel manager is very sorry that he going so soon. Tadzio walks past Aschenbach. Aschenbach goes to the train station, but his luggage has been put on the wrong train, so he goes back to the hotel. He is annoyed, but he is also pleased because he can see Tadzio again.

Aschenbach sits in his chair on the beach, watching Tadzio and his friends play. It makes him think of the Greek gods. The boys do different sports on the beach: running, long jump, discus, javelin and wrestling. Tadzio wins easily. Aschenbach wants to congratulate him, but when the chance comes he cannot speak.

Aschenbach realizes that he loves the boy. He goes to the barber for a shave. The barber tells him that lots of people in Venice are getting sick. Aschenbach wants to know whether it is something serious, but the barber says it is nothing to worry about.

Aschenbach is being rowed on the water. He can smell disinfectant. There are notices in the streets warning people to be careful of the sickness. In a German newspaper he reads that the sickness in Venice is cholera. It says that all German people should leave the city and return home. Aschenbach does not want the Polish family to leave Venice. He does not want them to know about the cholera. He follows then to a café and to church, but he still cannot find the courage to speak to them. After dinner the guests watch a group of actors. Aschenbach notices that Tadzio, like himself, cannot laugh at their jokes.

Lots of the hotel guests are leaving. An English clerk tells him that lots of people in the city have Asiatic cholera. He tells him he ought to leave immediately before they stop everyone from leaving the city.

Aschenbach decides to warn Tadzio's mother of the danger of the illness, but he just cannot do it. He has a dream about the Greek gods. When he awakes he realises that these wild thoughts about Tadzio have gripped him. He cannot do anything about it.

Again Aschenbach watches as Tadzio and his friends play a game on the beach; they soon leave. Aschenbach goes to the barber. He asks him to try to make him beautiful and young. When he goes on a gondola he realises he is just like the old man he saw on the boat. He follows the Polish family. Tadzio starts to walk separately from his family. He waits for Aschenbach and looks straight at him, but Aschenbach turns away. He is pleased that Tadzio does not let his mother notice what happened. Aschenbach is alone again, and buys some strawberries. They are not fresh. He thinks about the Greek gods again, and about the relationship between a writer and what he writes about.

The hotel manager organizes the departure of the last guests. The Polish family are leaving. Aschenbach watches Tadzio and another boy playing on the beach. The game gets rough, and the other boy pushes Tadzio’s face into the sand. Aschenbach tries to get up to help him, but he is too weak to get out of his chair. Tadzio is left alone on the beach. He gives Aschenbach a sign to follow him, but Aschenbach slumps back in his chair and dies. Tadzio continues walking far out into the sea.

The part of the boy Tadzio is a dancing part. He and his family never speak or sing in the opera.

All the different characters that Aschenbach meets: the man by the cemetery, the old man dressed as a young man, the gondolier, the hotel manager, the barber, the leader of the actors and the voice of the God Dionysus are really like one character. They are sung by the same singer, a bass-baritone. Apart from him and Aschenbach (a tenor) the only other solo singer in the opera is the voice of Apollo, sung offstage by a countertenor as the boys play sport on the beach. There are several choruses: the groups of young people, hotel staff, actors, church choir and tourists.

The whole sound of the opera is written with the voice of Peter Pears in mind. Britten’s music is partly tonal but also uses twelve-tone music and gamelan music from the Far East. When Aschenbach sings recitative (telling the story) he is just accompanied by the piano. Britten deliberately uses a limited number of musical sounds. This gives the opera a specially expressive character, particularly in the beautiful ending.

Territory of the Saar Basin

The Territory of the Saar Basin (, "Saarterritorium;" ) was usually called the Saar or the . It was a territory governed by the League of Nations under the Treaty of Versailles for 15 years from 1920.

Its population in 1933 was 812,000, and its capital was Saarbrücken.

It was made up of parts of the Prussian Rhine Province and the Bavarian Palatinate of the Rhine. It was slightly smaller than the modern German state of Saarland.

According to Treaty of Versailles the highly industrialized Saarland was to be governed by the League of Nations for a period of 15 years, and its coalfields given to France. The "Commission of Government", which represented the League of Nations, had five members. At least one member had to be French and one a native of the Saar.

At the end of the 15 year period, in 1935, the people of the Saar voted on how they wanted their country. They voted to become a part of Nazi Germany.

It had a currency, the Saar franc, and its own postage stamps during this period.

The League of Nations' control to the region was represented by the following Chairmen of the Commission of Government:

In 1933, many anti-Nazi Germans fled to the Saar, as it was the only part of Germany left outside the Third Reich's control. As a result, anti-Nazi groups wanted the Saarland to remain under control of League of Nations as long as Adolf Hitler ruled Germany. However, France had a lot of power in the Saar, including control of the coal mines. Not many "Saarlanders" liked France, and in the plebiscite on 13 January 1935, 90% of the voters wished to join Germany, and 8.86% wanted to stay with the League of Nations. Only 0.40% (that is, four voters in every thousand) wanted to join France.

On 17 January 1935, the territory's re-union with Germany was approved by the League Council. On 1 March, the Nazi Germany took over the region, and appointed Josef Bürckel as "Reichskommissar für die Rückgliederung des Saarlandes", "Reich Commissioner for the re-union of Saarland".

Many former politicians and office holders of the Saargebiet were changed or arrested by the Nazis.

When re-incorporation was completed, the governor became "Reichskommissar für das Saarland", "Reich Commissioner of Saarland" on 17 June 1936.



William Walton

Sir William Walton OM, (born Oldham, 29 March 1902; died Ischia, Italy, 8 March 1983) was a British composer and conductor. He was one of the most important British composers of the mid-20th century, a period that included Benjamin Britten and Michael Tippett. His music has very lively rhythms which are often jazzy.

Walton’s family were musical but they had very little money. Both his parents sang, and Walton sang in the local church choir. His father would hit him if he made a mistake. This may be why in later life he was so careful about every note he wrote.

At the age of ten he joined the choir of Christ Church Cathedral in Oxford. He learned the piano and violin. He was only 16 years when he went to Oxford University where he was at Christ Church, Oxford. Most of what he knew about composing he taught himself. He studied the scores of works by Igor Stravinsky, Claude Debussy, Jean Sibelius and others. He had some lessons from Hugh Allen, the cathedral organist. At Oxford Walton became friends with two poets: Sacheverell Sitwell and Siegfried Sassoon. Most of the music he wrote when he was very young has been lost, but the choral anthem "A Litany", written when he was just fifteen, shows his musical talent with its modern harmonies. 

Walton left Oxford in 1920 without a degree having failed his exams three times. He went to live with the Sitwell family, who introduced him to many important people, including the composer Constant Lambert and song writer Noel Coward. He also travelled with the Sitwells to Italy. In 1923 he set one of Edith Sitwell’s poems to music. The piece was called "Façade". The music was very jazzy and almost jokey, and it sounded very modern to many people at that time.

During the 1920s, Walton earned some money playing the piano at jazz clubs, but he spent most of his time composing in the Sitwells' attic. The orchestral overture "Portsmouth Point" (which he dedicated to Sassoon) was the first work which shows Walton’s real style. In 1929 the Viola Concerto started to make him really famous. This was followed by "Belshazzar's Feast" (1931), the Symphony No. 1 (1935), the coronation march "Crown Imperial" (1937), and the Violin Concerto (1939). All these works are very popular today.

During World War II, Walton did not have to do military service so he had time to compose music for propaganda films, such as "The First of the Few" (1942), and Laurence Olivier's adaptation of Shakespeare's "Henry V" (1944). After composing a second string quartet (1946) Walton spent most of the next seven years writing his opera, "Troilus and Cressida" (1947 – 1954). The opera was not very popular. This was because his music was rather Romantic, very different from a lot of modern music that was in fashion in the 1950s, especially the music of Pierre Boulez and his followers.

Walton also composed the music for two more Shakespeare-Olivier films - the Academy Award-winning "Hamlet", and "Richard III". Walton, however, did not win Oscars for any of his Shakespeare-based scores.

Walton then started to write more orchestral music: the Cello Concerto (1956), the Symphony No. 2 (1960), and the "Variations on a Theme by Hindemith" (1963). He started to have many honours: He was knighted in 1951 and received the Order of Merit in 1968. People liked his one-act comic opera "The Bear", when it was performed at the Aldeburgh Festival in 1967, and he was asked by people from all over the world for new music. His song-cycles from this period were given their first performances by famous singers such as Peter Pears and Elisabeth Schwarzkopf.
In his last years, Walton found composition more and more difficult. He tried to compose a third symphony for André Previn, but later gave up. His last works were mostly church music or reworkings of older pieces.. He had settled on the island of Ischia in Italy in 1949 with his Argentine wife Susana Gil. He died there in 1983. 

Since his death, Walton's music has been performed and recorded a lot. People no longer think of him as old-fashioned, but as a composer who had a very strong personality which can be heard clearly in his music.

Walton was knighted in 1951 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1967.

List of Romanian composers

This is a list of Romanian composers.

Free City of Danzig

The Free City of Danzig (; ) was a self-governing port on the Baltic Sea port and a city-state. It was set up on January 10, 1920, by Part III Section XI of the Treaty of Versailles of 1919, and put under League of Nations protection, with special rights reserved to Poland, because it was the only port in the Polish Corridor.

The Free City ceased to exist after 1939 when it was occupied and annexed by Nazi Germany. After Germany's defeat in 1945 Danzig was occupied and annexed by Poland under the Polish name Gdańsk.

The Free City of Danzig included the major city of Danzig (Gdańsk) as well as Zoppot (Sopot), Tiegenhof (Nowy Dwór Gdański), Neuteich (Nowy Staw) and some 252 villages and 63 hamlets. Its area was .

The Free City was represented abroad by Poland's ambassadors. The railway line that connected the Free City with Poland was administered by Poland. Similarly, the separated military post within the city's harbour, the Westerplatte (formerly a city beach), was also given to Poland. There were also two post-offices, one for the Danzig Postal Service, the other was Polish-run.

League of Nations mandated territories, were run by member countries on behalf of the League. But Danzig and the Saargebiet were run by the League of Nations itself, with representatives of various countries taking on the role of High Commissioner:

The Free City's population was 357,000 in (1919). 98% were German-speakers, with the rest mainly speaking either Kashubian or Polish.

The Treaty of Versailles, split Danzig from Germany. The treaty made the people living in the city citizens of the Free City. German inhabitants lost their German nationality, if they wanted to stay German they had to go and live outside the Free City's territory.

Heads of State of the Free City of Danzig

In May 1933, the Nazi Party won the local elections in the city. But they had less than the two-thirds majority that would let them change the Constitution of the Free City of Danzig. The government introduced anti-Semitic and also anti-Catholic laws against the Poles and Kashubian inhabitants.

Poland always refused to allow the status of Danzig to change. In April 1939 the Polish Commissioner-General said that Poland was willing to fight if there was a change..

The Nazi government voted for re-unification with Germany on September 2, 1939, the day after the German invasion of Poland began.

Around 90% of the city was reduced to ruins towards the end of the Second World War. On March 30, 1945 the city was taken by the USSR. It is thought that more than 90% of the pre-war population were either dead or had fled by 1945.

The Allied Powers were told at the Potsdam conference that the former Free State was now part of Poland. (The Yalta conference was unclear whether the Free City would be recreated or not).



Surf's Up (movie)

Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated movie made by Sony Pictures Animation. It stars Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, Jon Heder, Mario Cantone, James Woods, Rebecca Honig, Diedrich Bader, Rob Machado, Kelly Slater and Sal Masekela. The movie is a cartoon of surfing documentaries, like "The Endless Summer" and "Riding Giants". Composed by Randy Newman.

This movie has a direct-to-video sequel called "", was released in 2016.

Baby Boy

"Baby Boy" is a Middle Eastern-influenced R&B and dancehall song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Sean Paul, Robert Waller, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' first solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003).

It was produced by Knowles and Storch and was released to positive reception as the album's second single in July 2003. The song (which features dancehall singer Sean Paul) reached number one in the U.S., becoming Beyoncé's second solo number-one single and Sean Paul's second; it also reached number two in the UK. It was also recognized at the ASCAP awards by the label companies receiving the Publisher of the Year from EMI and Most Performed Songs award in 2003. It was certified Platinum in the US for sales and shipments of over one million copies there. "Baby Boy" finished at number 12 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 2003.


List of heads of state of the Free City of Danzig

The Free City of Danzig (German: "Freie Stadt Danzig"; Polish: "Wolne Miasto Gdańsk") existed between 1920 and 1939.

The City had its own post office, currency and citizenship, but it was not independent: it was administered directly by the League of Nations, represented by a High Commissioner. The city was governed by the Senate. The head of state was the President of the Senate. The Free City was represented abroad by Poland's ambassadors.

League of Nations mandated territories, were run by member countries on behalf of the League. But Danzig and the Saargebiet were run by the League of Nations itself, with representatives of various countries being the High Commissioner:

Heads of State of the Free City of Danzig 


Main-Franconian dialects

Main-Franconian is group of German dialects that are spoken in the centre of Germany, in the area known as Franconia near the river Main.

In Germany most people call these dialects simply “Fränkisch”. Although they have a lot in common there are many variations from one small region to another.

Historically Franconia (German: “Franken”) was a very large area covering a lot of Germany including parts of the Rhine as far as the Netherlands. Today Franconia is the north part of Bavaria (German: “Bayern”) including what is known as Lower Franconia, Upper Franconia, Mid-Franconia and parts of Upper Bavaria.

Typical for Franconian dialects is the voiceless consonants becoming voiced, i.e. “k” pronounced like “g”, “t” like “d”, “p” like “b” and “s” like English “z”. In pubs one often hears on the public address system a request for a member of staff 


The pronunciation of vowels may be different from normal German, e.g.
Franconia is often described as the place where:

An angry Franconian might say:


Port Arthur, Texas

Port Arthur is a city in Texas. It was hit by Hurricane Alicia on August 18, 1983. There was 56,039 people at the 2020 census.


Moisture

Moisture mostly means the presence of water, often in trace amounts (small quantities).
Moisture exists in the atmosphere in all three forms solid, liquid and gas. 

Marta Colvin

Marta Colvin Andrade (born 22 June 1907 in Chillán, Chile, died 27 October 1995 in Santiago, Chile) was a sculptor.

Colvin began sculpting in Chillán years after marrying and forming a family. After the 1939 earthquake, Marta Colvin lived in Santiago. While there, she went to the Belle Arts School of the University of Chile. Her teachers were Julio Antonio Vásquez and Lorenzo Domínguez. In 1943, she worked as an instructor at the Vasquez Factory. She became a professor there in 1950. In 1948, she traveled to France to study at the Academy Grand Chaumiere with the sculptors Ossip Zadkine and Henri Laurens. In 1951, she was invited by the British Council to study in the Slade School of the University of London, England. Colvin spent the next thirty years working and studying in France. Her talent was known world-wide. In 1970, she was awarded the National Prize of Art.


Bárbara of Portugal

Bárbara of Portugal (Pronunciation , December 4, 1711 – August 27, 1758) was a Portuguese princess, daughter of King John V of Portugal, of the House of Braganza, and his wife, Maria Anna of Austria.

She was born on 4 December 1711 in Lisbon, Portugal and given the name "Maria Madalena Bárbara Xavier Leonor Teresa Antónia Josefa de Bragança" but she was usually called just "Bárbara" or "Maria Bárbara", in honour of Saint Barbara, the saint of her birthday.

She had a fine education and loved music. She could speak six languages and studied music for several years with Domenico Scarlatti, the famous Italian harpsichordist and composer.

In 1729, when she was 18 years old, she married the future King Ferdinand VI of Spain, in Badajoz, Spain. They had no children. She died on 27 August 1758 in Aranjuez, Spain.

The city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná in the Dominican Republic was named after her when it was founded in 1756.

List of Arizona hurricanes

An Arizona hurricane is a tropical cyclone forming in the eastern Pacific Ocean that affects the state of Arizona in the United States. Usually, the storm makes landfall in the Mexican states of Baja California or Sonora, with the remaining moisture normally having mild rainfall effects on the state. However, a few storms have crossed into Arizona while they still had tropical storm strength.

It is extremely difficult for a hurricane to form in Arizona because the normal storms that form in the eastern Pacific Ocean move either parallel or away from the Pacific coast of Northwestern Mexico. As a result, most storms that could affect Arizona, are carried away from the United States, and only 6% of all Pacific hurricanes enter US territory. In average, Arizona experiences the effects of tropical cyclones once every five years. Many, but not all, of these systems also affected California.

Tropical storms are one of Arizona's main sources of rainfall, and they infuse the monsoon over the southwestern United States. However, all of the storms that have impacted Arizona have formed in the latter parts of the Pacific hurricane season, and no storm has affected the state before August.

Some of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or a lot of property damage, usually because of flooding created by rain.

In August of 1935, the remnants of an unnamed tropical storm that landed on southern California causing heavy rains and flooding across Arizona, especially along the Santa Cruz River and Rillito Creek on Southern Arizona. The rainfall due to the storm still holds the record rainfall at the National Weather Service office in Tucson.

In September of 1970, the remnants of Tropical Storm Norma became Arizona's deadliest storm when they contributed to the disaster known as the "Labor Day storm of 1970". As Norma dissipated, moisture from the cyclone was captured in a large extratropical low. The resulting rainfall created deadly floods that killed 23 people and caused huge damages. Two years later, the remnants of Hurricane Joanne caused flooding that created damages up to $10 million (1972 USD) and eight deaths.

On September 11, 1976, Hurricane Kathleen killed a man when a gust of wind blew a palm tree down onto his mobile home. Strong flooding and hailstorms also resulted.

A weather system, including moisture from Tropical Storm Octave, caused heavy rains over a ten-day period. Fourteen people drowned, 975 were injured, and roughly 10,000 people were left homeless when the flooding ended. The amount of damage from the disaster was put at 370 million (year unknown) USD.

Mallard

The mallard ("Anas platyrhynchos") is the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks. It can be found throughout most of North America, Europe, Asia, New Zealand and Australia. It is the most common and widespread duck. It can be found in almost any area with a wetland habitat, even in urban areas.

The mallard is a large and heavy looking duck. It has a body and a long and a broad bill. The male has a dark green head, a yellow bill, is mainly purple-brown on the breast and grey on the body. The female is mainly brown with an orange bill.

It breeds in all parts of the Europe in summer and winter, wherever there are suitable wetland habitats. It is scarcer in upland areas.

Naughty Girl

Naughty Girl is an R&B/disco song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Robert Waller, and Angela Beyincé for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003). It was released as the fourth single. It was also recognized at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers 2005 Pop Music Awards by receiving the "Songwriter of the Year" —sharing with Scott Storch, Robert Walker, Angela Beyincé, and Donna Summer—and "Most Performed Songs" awards. The remixes feature Lil' Flip, Lil' Kim, Grafh, and Redman.

The video for this song was directed by Jake Nava, who had risen to popularity after directing Beyoncé's first two videos, "Crazy In Love" and "Baby Boy." The video pays tribute to Hollywood's Golden Era, as Beyoncé and the cast of the video are dressed in old fashioned, glamorous clothing and hairstyles. As the title of the song suggest, Beyoncé plays the role of the naughty girl in several sexy sequences, as she can be seen dancing seductively with Usher emulating Cyd Charisse and Fred Astaire in "The Band Wagon".



Yankee Stadium (1923)

The original Yankee Stadium was a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in the United States. It was opened in 1923. The MLB team New York Yankees played there until 2008. The Yankees moved to the new Yankee Stadium starting with the 2009 season. The stadium was also the home field of the New York Giants football team from the mid-1950s into the early 1970s. It was also used for college football, soccer, boxing matches, musical events, and even a mass conducted by the Pope. The stadium was also called the "House that Ruth Built" by many to honor Babe Ruth, a Yankee who hit many home runs during the stadium's first years. The stadium was torn down in early 2009.

British occupation zone in Germany

The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II divided the country into four occupation zones from 1945 to 1949.

The British zone consisted of Schleswig-Holstein, Hamburg, Lower Saxony and the present-day state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The British military government was based in Bad Oeynhausen.

Bremen and Bremerhaven were surrounded by the British Zone, but were given to the United States, so that the Americans had a port. What is now Rhineland-Palatinate was to be a part of the British Zone. It was given up to form part of the French occupation zone.

In May 1949 the British, French, and American zones were joined to form the Federal Republic of Germany. The military governors were replaced by civilian high commissioners. The high commissioners were part-governor and part-ambassador. The occupation officially continued until 1955. This is when the Federal Republic became a fully sovereign state, the western occupation zones ceased to exist, and the high commissioners were replaced by normal ambassadors. But the four allied powers still had special rights and responsibilities in Germany until the Final Settlement of 1990.

The city of Berlin, however, was not part of either state and continued to be under Allied occupation until 1990.







Greater Hesse

Greater Hesse () was a part of the American Occupation Zone of Germany after World War II

The German Empire broke up after World War I. The Grand Duchy of Hesse-Darmstadt () became the People's State of Hesse () on 2 March 1919.

After World War II, on 19 September 1945, the American Military Government joined Hesse-Darmstadt (except for Rheinhessen) with parts of the Prussian provinces of Kurhessen and Nassau to form Greater-Hesse.

On 18 December 1946 the state was renamed Hesse, and in 1949 became a part of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Mioriţa

Mioriţa "(The Little Ewe)" is a Romanian traditional ballad.


Muzio Clementi

Muzio Clementi was an Italian composer in classical period who lived from 1752 to 1832. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was the first composer to write music for the pianoforte which made use of the instrument's special features. He was also the first virtuoso performer on the instrument. As a composer, performer, and maker of pianos, he is known as the "father of the pianoforte.

Clementi was born in Rome on January 23, 1752. He was the eldest child of Nicolo Clementi, a silversmith, and Magdalena Kaiser. Clementi began to learn music from Antonio Baroni (1738-1792), who was a relative. Baroni was in charge of the choir at St. Peter's Basilica. He also had lessons from the organist, Cordicelli, Giuseppe Santarelli (1710-1790) and Gaetano Carpani.

When he was 13, he became the church organist at San Lorenzo in Damaso (Saint Lawrence in the House of Damascus), a parish church in Rome. He had also started writing music including an oratorio, "Martirio de' gloriosi Santi Giuliano" and a mass. In 1766, Sir Peter Beckford, heard him playing the harpsichord. He took Clementi back to England with him, so that he could provide the musical entertainment at Beckford's house in Dorset. He died in Evesham, Worcestershire, after a short illness.

Chromatography

Chromatography is a method for separating the parts of a mixture for chemical analysis and identification. It works by using differences in the speed at which the mixed substances move through special "media", or chemical substances. It uses a "stationary phase" (a solid) and a "mobile phase" (a liquid or a gas). The fluid mobile phase flows through the stationary phase. Chromatography is much used in biochemistry and analytical chemistry.

The stationary phase is a flat plane, such as paper, or a substance on glass. 

"Paper chromatography" is an old technique for separating and identifying mixtures that are (or can be) coloured. It has been largely replaced by "thin layer chromatography", but is still a powerful teaching tool. "Double-way paper chromatography", also called 'two-dimensional chromatography', uses two solvents and rotates the paper 90° in between. It is useful for separating complex mixtures of compounds having similar polarity, for example, amino acids. The compounds used initially ensures you to know whether the colour is pure, (one substance only) or mixtures (multiple substances.)

Thin layer chromatography (TLC) is a common laboratory technique similar to paper chromatography. Instead of a stationary phase of paper, it uses a thin layer of adsorbent like silica gel, alumina, or cellulose on a flat substrate. Compared to paper, it has the advantage of faster runs, better separations, and the choice between different adsorbents. For even better resolution and to allow for quantification, high-performance TLC can be used.

"Column chromatography" separates compounds using many chemical actions between the chemical being tested and the chromatography column (a rod with a blending of special chemicals). The column is run using either gravity or a pump.

The mixed substance to be tested is added in a small amount and is slowed by certain chemical or physical activity with the chemicals in the chromatography column. The amount of slowing depends on the type of chemicals in the substance being tested and the different phases. The time at which a certain chemical elutes (comes out of the end of the column) is called the "retention time" and there is thought to be only one for one chemical. 
The most common stationary phase for column chromatography is silica gel, followed by alumina. Cellulose powder has been used in the past. The mobile phase is either a pure solvent or a mixture of solvents. It is chosen to 
make the time and amount of solvent used as little as possible, while still clearly separating the chemicals being tested.

"High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)" is also sometimes referred to as high-pressure liquid chromatography. It is column chromatography run under pressure to raise the speed of the process. 

Common solvents used in HPLC are mixes of water or various organic liquids (the most common are methanol, ethanol or acetonitrile).

IPhone

The iPhone is a series of smartphones made by Apple Inc since 2007. It is a mobile phone, meaning that it makes calls and sends text messages without wires. There are many types of iPhones. The iPhone can access the Internet as well, either using a cellular network or over Wi-Fi. Like an iPod, it can play music and videos that have been downloaded from the Internet directly, or which have been put on it by connecting it to a personal computer.

The iPhone doesn't have as many buttons as other phones, such as those made by companies like Motorola and Nokia. Instead, it has a touch screen that covers much of the front of the phone. People control the phone by touching the screen. 

All iPhones run on a mobile operating system which Apple calls "iOS". A new version of iOS comes out every year, each having more features than the one before. Each new iPhone comes with the latest version of iOS, and older iPhones usually also get a software update to the latest version. 

The first iPhone, iPhone 2G was released on June 29, 2007. In the first month on sale it sold 2.315 million units. On July 11, 2008, the iPhone 3G was released which was upgraded with 3G wireless internet. On June 17, 2009, Apple released the iPhone 3GS which featured a compass and a 3.2-megapixel video camera. 

On June 24, 2010 the iPhone 4, was released. It has the forward camera included, which is placed on the screen and allows taking self-portraits. This camera is less advanced than the back camera, but can be used for video-telephone, where people talking can see each other on the screen. Additionally, it has an updated operating system that allows quicker navigation of all the features. It has more pixels (326 ppi; 960×640) on the screen than previous version of the iPhone.

A minor upgrade to the iPhone 4 was the iPhone 4S. It came on October 14, 2011, and had a new feature called Siri, which is a voice activation system. It is able to record videos in 1080p resolution.

The iPhone 5 was released on September 21, 2012. Two new iPhones called the 5C and 5S were released on September 20, 2013. The iPhone 5S has a new unlocking system called Touch ID which reads your fingerprint. The iPhone 5C is a cheaper model of the iPhone 5S which is also the first iPhone available in different colors that aren't black and white. 

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on September 19, 2014. They both have bigger screens than the iPhone 5, measuring at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, respectively. 

A new iPhone has come out each year since 2016.

Some people "jailbreak" their iPhones to allow them to do more things. Apple does not allow many of these changes. In hopes of discouraging this, Apple voids the warranty when an iPhone is "unlocked" or "jailbroken." In August 2011 jailbreaking was declared legal.

Apple made a Software Development Kit for the iPhone, which lets people make their own software for it. However, the software cannot be sold without Apple's permission. The software that is made is sold at the App Store. More than a million apps are available to buy.

Another feature that is being added to almost every iPhone in the world is an Emergency Alert notification system. For most countries, the standard Emergency warning signal will sound in an event of a worldwide disaster. It consists of of 853hz and 960hz sine waves which will signal in a pattern.

Concert hall

A concert hall is a place where concerts of classical music take place. “Concert hall” can either mean the actual room where the concerts takes place, or the whole building. The hall where the concerts are held may have a “stage” (where the performers are) and there will be an “auditorium” where the audience sits.

Some concert halls are purpose-built. That means they were built to be concert halls. Other concert halls may have been something else many years ago, e.g. a Corn Exchange (a place where farmers used to sell their corn) and the building has later been changed into a concert hall. Purpose-built concert halls started about the beginning of the 20th century. At that time scientists began to understand the importance of good acoustics (somewhere where the sound was good).

Concert halls that are purpose-built usually have fixed seating (seats that cannot be moved). Some halls may have seats that can be moved, either by stacking them in small piles, or tiered seating that can fold up. This allows the hall to be used for other things, e.g. dancing.
A concert hall is usually a big hall: big enough for an orchestra to be on the stage. A small concert hall, designed for just a few performers (as in chamber music) may be called a “recital hall”.

Some concert halls are especially famous. In London there is the Royal Festival Hall on the banks of the river Thames, the Barbican Centre in the City (near St Paul’s Cathedral) and the Royal Albert Hall in Kensington which is used for other events as well. There is also a famous recital hall called the Wigmore Hall. New York has the Carnegie Hall, Vienna has the Vienna Musikverein with a beautiful hall called the Golden Hall where the famous New Year’s Day concerts are given. In Germany there is the Berliner Philharmonie in Berlin and the Gewandhaus in Leipzig. In Amsterdam there is the Concertgebouw (which means: "concert hall").

Madrigal

A madrigal is a special kind of song for a small group of people to sing. Madrigals were popular in the 16th and 17th centuries. This was the end of the Renaissance music and beginning of the Baroque periods. They started in Italy and became very popular for a short time in England as well as in France. The words of madrigals are always about secular (non-religious) things, e.g. about love.

When Italian composers started writing madrigals the kinds of songs they knew were the frottola, the motet and the French chanson (song). The first madrigals were for 2 or 3 voices, but later many madrigals were written for 4 or 5 voices. These voices might be single voices (one person to each part) or several people. Sometimes the lines would also be played by an instrument, but the madrigal is usually sung unaccompanied.

The madrigal was the most important secular form of music of its time. In Italy it was very popular between about 1550 and 1630. In England the madrigal period was about 1588 to 1620. 

In 1533 a book called "Primo libro di Madrigali" (First Book of Madrigals) was collected and published by Philippe Verdelot in Venice. It made madrigals very popular. Jacob Arcadelt published several volumes of madrigals which were very important for their development. In 1588 in England Nicholas Yonge published a collected called "Musica Transalpina" (Music from over the Alps). These were Italian madrigals with translated texts. The madrigal suddenly became extremely popular in England and remained so until after 1620 when it gradually became less important.

People liked madrigals because they were fun. Whenever possible the composer made the music sound like the word being sung. A word like “smile” would have quick music, “sigh” would have a note followed by a short rest, as if the singer were sighing, “rise so high” would be sung to music which rose very high. This kind of thing was called “word-painting”. It can be found in religious music as well, but the way it was used in madrigals was new and exciting. Very often there would be a verse and a refrain which was often just sung to words such as “fa la la la la”. The songs were often about shepherds and shepherdesses falling in love.

The most important composers of madrigals in Italy were Giovanni da Palestrina, Luca Marenzio, Jacques Arcadelt, Adrian Willaert, Cipriano de Rore, Carlo Gesualdo, Giaches de Wert and Claudio Monteverdi. In England they were William Byrd, Thomas Morley, John Wilbye, Thomas Weelkes, John Dowland, Orlando Gibbons and Thomas Tomkins. About the franco-flemish , Orlando di Lasso, Josquin des Prez . About the spanish, Tomás Luis de Victoria, Mateo Flecha.

In the Renaissance, madrigals were performed either as entertainment at important feasts, or for relaxed enjoyment by groups of amateurs in their homes, as madrigals were a secular style of song.

Nowadays, madrigals are often sung by high school or college madrigal choirs often as an after-dinner entertainment. Sometimes the singers wear Renaissance costumes.

Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld

The Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was one of the "Ernestine duchies". Ernest, who became elector of Saxony in 1464, divided his territory between his sons, andover the years more and more small duchies existed.

Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was reformed on 29 July 1735, although Coburg and Saalfeld had had the same ruler since 1699. As only men could be the rulers of the duchies, Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld ceased to exist in 1825, when the last male descendant of the dukes of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg died. The various dukes reorganised their territories. Saalfeld went the dukes of Saxe-Meiningen, Altenburg went to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburgausen, who gave Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. Gotha and Coburg were combined into the new duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Halo: Combat Evolved

Halo: Combat Evolved is a first-person shooter video game. It starts the game series called "Halo". It came out in 2001 for Xbox and was released on the personal computer later. It became very popular and has made a lot of money. Many people say it is the Xbox's "killer app", which means the best program for a system. Because it was liked by so many people, there have even been 6 books and a Graphic Novel written about it. Halo is rated M for mature.

The game setting is on or around a giant ring-shaped structure in space. The ring has plants and animals that live on it. It is very old and was made long ago by a civilization called the "Forerunners." In the game, the year is 2552. In the storyline, humans have created faster than light travel, and now live on many planets and moons in and out of the Solar System, both fictional and real. In the year 2525, humans living on a planet around another star met several alien species. They are grouped together and known as the "Covenant". The Covenant declared religious war on the humans.

The game starts with a ship, The Pillar of Autumn. It arrives at Halo, surrounded by many Covenant Ships.


Master Chief is the last super soldier who is able to fight on the Pillar of Autumn. The Pillar of Autumn jumped (teleported) from the planet Reach. Reach was being destroyed, so they escaped. The ship is piloted by Captain Keyes. The ship arrives in front of Halo. Halo is surrounded by many Covenant ships. The Covenant board the Pillar of Autumn to kill the humans. Keyes orders the Master Chief (who is sleeping while frozen) to be awakened. After putting Cortana (an Artificial Intelligence) in his head, the Master Chief escapes in a lifepod with other Marines. He did this on order by Captain Keyes, who knew they could not win. Captain Keyes decides to crash his ship onto Halo, before it is completely destroyed by the Covenant. The Master Chief rescues as many Marines as he can. Cortana discovers Captain Keyes is still alive. Master Chief goes to rescue him from a Covenant Ship. They escape with the Captain and more Marines. They find a map-room to find the control room for Halo. They want to stop the Covenant from using Halo, because it is a weapon. The Master Chief fights through many aliens to the Control Room. He puts Cortana into the data. She discovers something terrible and tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes. Captain Keyes went with several Marines to destroy a take or destroy a supply of Covenant Weapons. The Master Chief discovers the Captain was attacked by a different enemy. They are called the Flood. The Flood are a species of parasite, which can infect bodies and turn them into Combat Forms (which are fast zombies that can use weapons). He finds a flying machine that protects Halo. It is named 343 Guilty Spark. It explains that he should turn on Halo's weapons to destroy the Flood. The Flood want to escape Halo and infect other species. The Master Chief must get an Index to do activate Halo. The Master Chief gets the Index (which can activate Halo's weapons). 

They both go to the ring's control room to activate its weapons. Surprisingly, they find Cortana that tells to the Chief that the ring can not destroy the Flood. It destroys the food of the Flood. This means humans, Covenant and all other suitable living species. Following Cortana's suggestions, Master Chief goes to the Pillar of Autumn. As he destroys the core of the ship, he escapes. He uses a human spaceship to get into space while the explosion destroys Halo.

The main character in the game is Master Chief. It is the character the player controls in the game. Other main characters are Cortana and 343 Guilty Spark, the two machines. Apart from them, other human characters appear who fight in the side of the player against the aliens and the flood. The most notable are Sergeant Johnson and Captain Keyes.

In the first Halo game, there are no alien characters who play an important role in the game. However, in the next two halo games, "Halo 2" and "Halo 3", many important alien characters appear.


Sonora

Sonora is a Mexican state, in the northwestern Mexico region. Sonora borders the states of Chihuahua to the east, Sinaloa to the south, and Baja California to the northwest. To the north Sonora accounts for a long stretch of the U.S.-Mexico border adjacent to the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico; to the west it borders the Gulf of California (Sea of Cortez).

There are various explanations as to the origin of the word Sonora. Here, we will tell you some of the most widely accepted versions. One of these says that when the Spaniards arrived in the lands occupied by the Opata people, they built a chapel and painted an image of the Virgin on a buffalo skin. Over time, when the Opatas began to worship the Virgin, they used to call her Senora instead of the Spanish word Señora (Our Lady). Finally, it would seem that this word became Sonora as we know it today. 

Another version has it that Sonora is derived from the Opata word, sonotl which means corn leaf. A legend speaks of an indigenous group that lived near the village of Huépac, and who used corn leaves to cover the walls and roofs of their huts. Yet another version insists that the word comes from the name of a tribe that lived on the banks of the Sonora River; these people were known as the Sonora Indians. This river crosses a large part of the state. It is also useful to understand that, just as Mexico has its national emblems, so the state of Sonora has its own coat-of-arms. 

Monsoon

A monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months. The word was first used in English for the seasonal rains in the Indian subcontinent. These rains blow in from the Indian Ocean and Arabian Sea in the southwest bringing heavy rainfall to the area.

Monsoons also occur in other regions such as in North America, Sub-Saharan Africa, Brazil and East Asia.

Monsoons happen because of a simple fact: land heats up faster than water. The temperature difference between the land and sea can be as much as 20°C – land temperatures in India can be hotter than 45°C, while the surrounding water in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea remains in the low 20s. The heat absorbed by the land warms the air above it. The hot air rises, and cooler ocean air rushes inland to replace it. As it moves, it carries moisture with it, releasing it over land as the summer monsoon (also known as southwest monsoon). 

The hot air over the land tends to rise, creating an area of low pressure. This creates a steady wind blowing toward the land, bringing the moist near-surface air over the oceans with it. Rainfall is increased by the moist ocean air being lifted upwards by mountains, as with the Tibetan Plateau, and by surface heating.

Baja California (state)

Baja California is a Mexican state in the northern section of the Baja California Peninsula. It borders the state Baja California Sur to the south, and Sonora to the east. It also borders the U.S. state of California to the north. It means "Lower California".

Baja California is both the furthest north and furthest west state in Mexico.

Verizon Ladies First Tour

Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 joint concert tour by American R&B/soul singers Beyoncé and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott.

Dangerously in Love World Tour

The Dangerously In Love World Tour was singer Beyoncé's first solo concert tour, intended to showcase songs from her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love".

The stage was simple and featured a large LED screen in the back that moved up and down throughout the entire show and displayed video images of Beyoncé and her dancers, as well as some images from her music videos and some prerecorded images with special effects. 

The set list included not only "Dangerously in Love" material, but also contained a special segment of her show dedicated to her erstwhile group Destiny's Child. This concert also featured songs from Beyoncé's 2003 film "The Fighting Temptations" ("Fever" and "Summertime"). A highlight for many fans was her performance of "Dangerously in Love 2".


Déjà Vu (song)

Déjà Vu is a funk song written by Beyoncé, Rodney Jerkins, Delisha Thomas, Makeba, Keli Nicole Price, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" (2006). It features rapper Jay-Z and production by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, utilizing the bass, hi-hat, and the 808 instruments and sound system, reminiscent of many popular Rich Harrison productions. Released as the album's lead single in the third quarter of 2006, "Déjà Vu" reached number one in Brazil, China, Poland, and the United Kingdom. While the song failed to match the success of 2003's "Crazy in Love", it entered the top ten on the majority of the charts it appeared on. It also was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration and Best R&B Song at the 2007 Grammy Awards.

If (Beyoncé song)

If is an R&B ballad by Beyoncé Knowles. The song is her final single from her second album "B'Day: Deluxe Edition". The song was most likely chosen due to the fact that originally it was not available in the U.S. as it was an international track, but due to the Des'ree law suit, the U.S. version of the album with the track "Still In Love (Kissing You)" was replaced by a version with "If". A CD single of the song was created for her official fan club and is available for purchase from their online store.

Ciara

Ciara Princess Harris (born October 25, 1985) professionally known as Ciara, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress.

In 2004, Ciara released her debut studio album "Goodies", which produced three hit singles: "Goodies," "1, 2 Step," and "Oh." The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and earned her four nominations at the 48th Grammy Awards. She released her second studio album, "Ciara: The Evolution", in 2006 which spawned the hit singles "Get Up," "Promise," and "Like a Boy." The album reached number one in the US and was certified platinum. Her third studio album "Fantasy Ride", released in 2009, was considerably less successful than Ciara's first two albums. However, it produced the worldwide top-ten hit "Love Sex Magic" featuring Justin Timberlake, which earned her a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. The following year, Ciara released her fourth studio album "Basic Instinct," which was met with low sales and continued a downward trend in her commercial success. In 2011, she signed a new record deal with Epic Records, and she released her fifth studio album, "Jackie", which is preceded by the lead single, "Sorry” in 2015. In 2019, she released her sixth studio album, "Beauty Marks", which is preceded by the hit lead singles, "Level Up", “Thinkin Bout You” and the album titled song “Beauty Marks “.

On Ciara's 28th birthday, Future asked her if she would marry him. They became engaged but was the engagement was called off later that year. January 14, 2014 Ciara said on "The View" that she was pregnant with Future's child. In June 2016, she married Seattle Seahawks NFL star quarterback Russell Wilson. They had their first child, Sienna Princess Wilson, on April 29, 2017.




Mykolaiv

Mykolaiv (, also referred to as or Mykolayiv, Nikolaev, or Nikolayev; ) is a major city in southern Ukraine. 

The city is located 65 kilometers from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river (where it meets the Inhul River) at around . Population 514,000 (as of 2001 Ukrainian Census).

It is the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast (province), as well as of both the Mykolaivsky and Zhovtnevy raions (districts) within the oblast. However, Mykolaiv is a city of oblast subordinance, thus being subject directly to the oblast authorities rather to the raion administration housed in the city itself.

The town was founded in 1789 by the Russian Governor General of Novorossiya Knyaz Potemkin initially as a shipyard called simply a "New Shipyard on the Ingul river". Knyaz Potemkin signed an order to construct a shipyard on August 27, 1789, which is considered to be a city birth date. The shipyard was to serve for the repair of the Russian Navy ships in the Russo-Turkish war. Later Potemkin ordered the shipyard to be named "Nikolaev" to commemorate the date of fall of Ochakov to the Russian troops under his command on December 6, 1788, close to the day of Saint Nicholas "(Nikolay)" December 19, in the Russian Orthodox Church. 

The history of the city has always been closely connected to the ship building.

The only Russian Navy aircraft carrier currently in commission, "Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov", was built in Mykolaiv.

Today Mykolaiv is a major ship building center of Ukraine (as, earlier, of the whole Soviet Union) and an important riverport. The city has 3 major shipyards some of which are capable of building large navy ships. Other important industries are mechanical engineering, power engineering, metallurgy and cosmetics.

Unlike the city, in the region one of the leading areas is agricultural production. This industry ranks first in the structure of production of the region in terms of employment of labor resources. One of the leading centers of the State Institution "Mykolayiv State Agricultural Research Station " of the Institute of Agrarian Farming of the National Academy of Agrarian Sciences of Ukraine" founded in 1956 


Akkad

Akkad or the Akkadian Empire (Sumerian: "Agade", Bible: "Accad") was the oldest empire in history. It was located in Mesopotamia. The Akkadian empire reached its peak during the rule of Sargon of Akkad in the 24th and 22nd centuries BCE, and it eventually collapsed in 2154 BCE. The ruins have not been found, but it is believed to be on the River Euphrates. The empire comes after a long relationship with Sumer, and before the ethnic Akkadian empires of Babylonia and Assyria. 

According to the Sumerian king list, Akkad (Agade) was built by Sargon of Akkad, 23th century BC, and is often called the first empire in history. Even so, it is known from older cuneiform writings that the city was already there before Sargon, in the time of the kings of Uruk. According to the Bible (Genesis 10:10), it was one of the cities started by Nimrod. Also, in the earliest records, when Mesopotamian kings started calling themselves "lord of the four quarters" around Sumer, these were listed as: Martu, Shubar, Elam, and Uri-ki. 

As the capital city of the Akkadian Empire beginning with Sargon, the city ruled from around 2300 to 2215 BC, when it was destroyed by the Gutians who invaded from the mountains. 

Sargon conquered many of the surrounding regions. He created an empire which reached as far as the Mediterranean Sea and Anatolia, and extended his rule to Elam, and as far south as Oman. He ruled over this area for 56 years. Trade extended from the silver mines of Anatolia to the lapis lazuli mines in Afghanistan, the cedars of Lebanon and the copper of Oman. This consolidation of the city-states of Sumer and Akkad reflected the growing economic and political power of Mesopotamia. The empire's breadbasket was the rain-fed agricultural system of northern Mesopotamia and a chain of fortresses was built to control the imperial wheat production.

Images of Sargon were erected on the shores of the Mediterranean, in token of his victories, and cities and palaces were built at home with the spoils of the conquered lands. Elam and the northern part of Mesopotamia (Subartu) were also subjugated and rebellions in Sumer were put down. Contract tablets have been found dated in the years of the campaigns against Canaan and against Sarlak, king of Gutium.

The Akkadian language was one of the Semitic languages, and at the time of the Akkadian Empire it was made official in both Mesopotamia and Elam. Akkadian remained the main diplomatic language of Mesopotamia for centuries.

During the 3rd millennium BC, an intimate cultural symbiosis developed between the Sumerians and the Akkadians, which included widespread bilingualism. Akkadian gradually replaced Sumerian as the spoken language of Mesopotamia somewhere around the turn of the 3rd and the 2nd millennium BC (the exact dating being a matter of debate), but Sumerian continued to be used as a sacred, ceremonial, literary and scientific language in Mesopotamia until the 1st century AD.

The fall of the empire established by Sargon seems to have been as sudden as its rise, and little is known about the Gutian period. From the fall of Akkad ca. 2083 BC until the Sumerian renaissance ca. 2050 BC, there is much that is still dark. It has recently been suggested that the regional decline at the end of the Akkadian period (and also in the Ancient Egyptian Old Kingdom) was associated with rapidly increasing aridity, and failing rainfall in the region of the Ancient Near East.

Faisal Mosque

The Faisal Mosque is a mosque in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan. It is the National mosque of Pakistan, and one of the largest mosques in the Islamic world. It is named after King Faisal of Saudi Arabia. It was the biggest mosque for over six years between 1986 and 1993).


Song cycle

A song cycle in classical music is a group of songs that belong together. Although each song may be sung separately, the composer really imagined that they would be performed together as one work. Sometimes they tell a story, but sometimes they just belong together because they are about the same idea (e.g. the sadness that can be caused by love). They are often for solo voice and piano accompaniment, but they can also be without accompaniment, or with several instruments or even a whole orchestra. The words of a cycle are often by the same poet, but this is not always the case.

Song cycles started to become popular with composers in the Romantic period. Although there were examples of song cycles written before that, it was the German composers of the 19th century who are most often thought of as writers of song cycles. Their songs are called "Lieder".
The great composer Franz Schubert wrote about 600 songs. These include two long song cycles: "Winterreise" ("Winter’s Journey") and "Die schöne Müllerin" ("The beautiful miller’s daughter"). Each of these song cycles is long enough for a whole concert. Robert Schumann wrote song cycles including two which he simply called "Liederkreise" ("Song Cycles"), and his well-known "Dichterliebe" ("Poet’s Love") and "Frauenliebe und -Leben" ("Women’s Love and Life"). Brahms wrote "Vier ernste Gesänge" ("Four Serious Songs"), and Gustav Mahler, who became very interested in folk song, wrote several song cycles with orchestra accompaniment, including "Das Lied von der Erde" ("The Song of the Earth").

French composers who wrote song cycles include Jules Massenet, Gabriel Fauré and Claude Debussy. Russian composers include Modest Mussorgsky and Dmitri Shostakovich, and English and American composers in the 20th century include Michael Tippett, Benjamin Britten and Aaron Copland as well as the South American Alberto Ginastera, Juan María Solare and Heitor Villa-Lobos.


Quetta

Quetta () is the capital and largest city of Balochistan province in Pakistan. It is famous for its climate and buildings. It is to the north of Balochistan, 133 kilometers away from Spin Buldak, Afghanistan.

In 1935, a powerful earthquake hit Quetta. The earthquake was felt between 2:30 am to 3:40 am. It resulted in the collapse of buildings, that is why there is no historical building in Quetta.

Quetta is also spelled Kuwatah which is a variation of Kot, a Pashto word meaning "fortress".

Quetta was captured by Mehmood Ghaznavi in the 11th century. The Khans of Kalat ruled Quetta until 1556 when the Persians conquered the city, only to have it retaken by Mughal Emperor Akbar in 1595. Despite all this, the Khans of Kalat were successful in restoring their rule in the region by the 18th century.

The predominantly Muslim population supported the Muslim League and the Pakistan Movement. On joining Pakistan, Quetta was made the capital city of the newly created province of Balochistan.

Quetta lies close to the borders of Afghanistan. Traders and invaders have passed through Quetta since pre-historic times. Quetta is 1,645 meters above the sea level. It is near the Hazarganji-Chitan National Park.

It has a cold and windy in winter moderate summers.


Gilgit

Gilgit () is the capital and largest city of Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan. About 216.000 people live there.

Frottola

The frottola (plural: frottole) was the most popular kind of secular (non-religious) song in Italy during the late 15th and early 16th centuries.

Frottole were quite simple and fun. They were often sung by small groups of singers. They were not contrapuntal, but they had a tune in the top part while the other singers sang chords to accompany the tune. Sometimes they might have been sung by a solo voice with a lute accompaniment.

The most famous composer of frottole was Bartolomeo Tromboncino. The great composer Josquin also composed frottole, although that is not what he called them. For example, there is a well-known one called "El Grillo" ( The Cricket) in which the singers try to sound like the chirping of a cricket in the grass.

About the year 1530 the frottola developed into the madrigal.

Bartolomeo Tromboncino

Bartolomeo Tromboncino (born Verona around 1470; died in or near Venice in 1535 or later) was an Italian composer. He lived in the Renaissance period. He is famous as a composer of songs called "frottole". He is also remembered because he murdered his wife.

We know very little about his life. He probably grew up in Mantua. In a letter he says that he came from Verona. Until around 1500 he lived and worked in Mantua, but sometimes he went to other towns when he was in trouble. In 1499 he found his wife with another man, so he murdered her. He may also have murdered the other man. We cannot be sure about this.
He does not seem to have been punished. This may be because a rich lady called Isabella d'Este liked him.

From 1502 Tromboncino was employed by a rich lady called Lucrezia Borgia. She is remembered today because she was a very bad woman. He wrote music for the court and for her wedding to Alfonso d'Este. Sometime before 1521 he moved to Venice, where he probably spent the rest of his life.

His frottole are very lively and full of fun. He played the trombone. This is how he got his name. He also wrote some serious sacred music.

De jure

De jure is an expression from the Latin words meaning "in law".

It is often used in contrast to "de facto" (which means "in fact", or "in practice") when talking about law, governance, or technique. When talking about law, ""de jure"" is used to describe what the law says, and ""de facto"" is used to describe what actually happens. 

 This means that legally the territory of Abkhazia is a part of the country of Georgia, but that it is in effect independent.

The "de jure" name of Bill Clinton is William Jefferson Clinton. This is his name according to official records. His "de facto" name is Bill Clinton because this is what he is usually called.

Boy George

George Alan O'Dowd, better known as Boy George (born 14 June 1961 in Bexley, Kent) is a rock singer-songwriter and Club DJ. He grew up in a large, working-class Irish family. The family originally came form Thurles, in Co. Tipperary, Ireland.

O'Dowd was a part of the British new romantic movement which emerged in the late 1970s and was popularised in the early 1980s. He and Marilyn (born Peter Robinson) were regulars at 'The Blitz' a very popular nightclub in London. It was run by Steve Strange of the musical group Visage. The Blitz was a starting place for many early 1980s pop stars such as Spandau Ballet. The new romantics based their image on the coolness of David Bowie and high fashion. They liked the music of Bowie, Kraftwerk, Marc Bolan and post punk New Wave.

O'Dowd gained fame with his group Culture Club during the 1980s. His music is often called blue-eyed soul. He was heavily influenced by Rhythm and Blues and reggae. Early recordings with Culture Club showed that his vocals had an emotional quality which was like American soul music of the 1960s and 1970s. His later solo work has glam rock influences and was particularly influenced by David Bowie and Iggy Pop.

O'Dowd is also known for his flamboyant and androgynous appearance during the 1980s and early 1990s.

On 11 May 2009, Boy George was released from prison at HMP Edmunds Hill in Newmarket, Suffolk. He was four months into a fifteen-month sentence for the assault and false imprisonment of a male escort, in his East London flat. He was tagged and placed on a curfew for the rest of the sentence.

Boy George told the BBC on 27 January 2011 that there would be a 30th anniversary Culture Club reunion tour sometime later in the year. He also said they would be releasing a new album in 2012. Culture Club did play two live concerts, in Dubai and Sydney, but did not have a tour.

In 2018, George, along with Culture Club, released an album called Life. They did an accompanying tour, called the Life Tour. ￼

Harper Collins published his first autobiography, "Take It Like a Man", in 1995, written with Spencer Bright. It was a bestseller in the UK. In 2005, Century published "Straight", his second autobiographical book. This one was written with author Paul Gorman.

Bon Jovi

Bon Jovi is an American hard rock band that formed in Sayreville, New Jersey in 1983. They are one of the world's best-selling bands of all time, having sold over 130 million records worldwide.

The song "Runaway" which was written by Jon Bon Jovi and George Karak reached the first place in a radio talent contest in 1983. So Jon became the possibility to sign a recording contract. Coincidentally he founded Bon Jovi in 1983 with Richie Sambora, Alec John Such, Tico Torres, and David Bryan. The self-titled debut album "Bon Jovi" was released in 1984. The single "Runaway" was the band's first hit and reached #39 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1984.

Bon Jovi's second album "7800° Fahrenheit" (1985) had also only moderate success. In fact, every member of the band had lost their girlfriend at the time, they were all heartbroken; those feelings were showing in the songs. Some members, especially Richie, were afraid because they had not put out a hit song since "Runaway". The band then went to Vancouver to record another album. They lived together while they were recording.

In 1986, Bon Jovi's third album "Slippery When Wet" was released. It brought them some of the band's most successful songs, including "You Give Love a Bad Name", "Livin' On A Prayer", and "Wanted Dead or Alive". Also involved was Desmond Child, Bruce Fairbairn, and Bob Rock, and Desmond co-wrote some of the songs on the album. "Slippery When Wet" has sold over 28 million copies worldwide. The "Slippery When Wet" Tour let the band become even more famous in Europe and North America.

The song "Livin' on a Prayer" is the one that had the most success. In the beginning, Jon Bon Jovi did not like the original song. Richie Sambora, however, convinced him that the song was good. They rewrote the entire musical piece together, added a guitar solo, different drum fills and a talk box to make it a hit song.

Jon gave everything he had to sing "Livin' on a Prayer" during the first part of the "Slippery When Wet" tour, and it was seriously damaging his voice. He was barely able to sing at the end of the tour and he had to use a lot of backing tracks to fill out the parts that he could not sing. He also used the services of a vocal coach and some steroids to help him finish the tour without losing his voice completely. At the end of the tour, they had played 206 shows all around the world. The band members took a break before going back into the studio to make another album.

After the enormous success with "Slippery When Wet" and the following tour, Bon Jovi released their fourth album 1988's "New Jersey". It was also successful and contained the hit "Bad Medicine" and the ballad "I'll Be There for You". Between 1990 and 1992, the band members went their separate ways for a while. Jon Bon Jovi released his first solo album "Blaze of Glory", that served as the soundtrack for the movie "Young Guns II". In 1992, "Keep the Faith" was released. The album signified a music genre change. Bon Jovi turned away from heavy drums and wild guitar solos, and their new sound was lighter and calmer than in the eighties. The piano had a bigger influence now and the lyrics had a different meaning. The song "Keep the Faith" is about social and religious problems. The singles "Bed of Roses", "Keep the Faith" and "In These Arms" reached the Top 40 in the United States. In 1994, Bon Jovi's first greatest hits album was released: "The Best of Bon Jovi, Cross Road". It includes the hits from 1983 to 1992 and two new songs. One of them, "Always", became one of the most successful songs of Bon Jovi. "Always" is a love song and a power ballad written by Jon Bon Jovi alone. The 1995 album "These Days" was the band's sixth studio album. "This Ain't a Love Song" was the lead single of "These Days" who sold over 11 million copies all around the world.

From 1995, till, 2000, Bon Jovi had a longer break. The band members focused on solo projects and family. In 2000 the first album after 5 years was released: "Crush". The album itself was not as prosperous as "Slippery When Wet" and "Keep The Faith". But the hit-single "It's my Life" became the most successful song of Bon Jovi. It reached the first place in the charts of many countries. The next album was "Bounce" in 2002. It's was influenced by the September 11 attacks.

"The Circle" was released in 2009. They were on tour in 2010 in places like New Jersey. It consists of songs like "We Weren't Born To Follow", "Thorn In My Side", and "Bullet".

What About Now was released in 2013.






Anastasia (1956 movie)

Anastasia is a movie made in 1956 by 20th Century Fox.
The movie was directed by Anatole Litvak. The movie stars Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, and Helen Hayes. Other players include Akim Tamiroff (who earlier worked with Ingrid Bergman in the movie "For Whom the Bell Tolls"), Martita Hunt (who has a comic part as a fussy lady-in-waiting), and, in a small role, Natalie Schafer (familiar to television audiences from her later role on "Gilligan's Island"). This movie was one of many European movies directed by Litvak into the 1950s and 1960s. It earned an Academy Award for Bergman, who did more movies after this movie. It was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay.

The movie is based upon the story of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. The youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II, Anastasia was brutally murdered along with her parents and siblings by the Bolsheviks, in an attempt to prevent them from reclaiming power, should they ever escape from captivity. Despite the testimony of Yakov Yurovsky and others present at the shooting, many failed to believe that every member of the family had been killed. This rumor was made worse by stories of one or more of them escaping, thanks to sympathetic guards at the Ipatiev House, where they were being held. Also complicating the truth was the fact the location of the bodies remained a mystery, as they had been burned and buried in a remote forest.

With rumors swirling that one or more of the Romanovs might have escaped, numerous individuals came forward claiming to be one of the Grand Duchesses or Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich. The most notable of these was Anna Anderson, who rose to fame in the 1920s with her outlandish claims that she was Anastasia. The movie was most certainly based on Anderson's story, as the opening shots show a woman about to commit suicide from a bridge, as Anna Anderson did. While Anderson vehemently stated she was the heir to the Romanov family, many around her had doubts. Nevertheless, her story was immensely popular with the public.

While the movie hints that Anna was in fact Anastasia, it is now proved beyond a doubt that Anderson was an impostor. With the final resting places of the Romanovs were discovered in 1991 and 2008, all of their bodies have been accounted for. Additionally, DNA tests conducted on the bodies prove that all were members of the Romanov family. Further, DNA testing on a piece of Anderson's intestine that had been saved during an operation she had during the early 1980s proved that she was not a Romanov, but most likely Franziska Schanzkowska, a Polish factory worker with a history of mental illness. Nevertheless, doubt still persisted. Several strands of her hair were discovered in a book, which was also tested. This too proved she was not a member of the royal family and also increased the likelihood that she was Schanzkowska.

The movie tells the story of a young, confused woman in 1920s France, played by Ingrid Bergman. She is found by a group of Russian people who have left their country. They want her to pretend to the world that she is Anastasia, in order to retrieve her inheritance. The real Anastasia, if she were alive, would inherit millions of pounds which had been left in an English bank by the Tsar.

The Russians, led by General Bounine (played by Yul Brynner), teach her how to behave as the Grand Duchess Anastasia would. They teach her everything she ought to know about her childhood. They teach her to walk like a Duchess, practicing with a book on her head. When they think she is ready, she is introduced to several people who knew Anastasia. None of them believe she really is Anastasia. The real test comes when she is taken by General Bounine (Brynner) to Denmark to meet the Dowager Empress, Maria Feodorovna, mother of the Tsar, played by Helen Hayes. At first the old Empress does not believe the young woman is her granddaughter, but when Anastasia coughs because she is nervous, the Empress remembers that Anastasia used to do this as a child. She now believes she is her granddaughter. Meanwhile, Prince Paul wants to marry Anastasia. He's obviously after the money he thinks she will inherit. In the final scene, there is a party. The Dowager Empress is going to announce the engagement between Paul and Anastasia, but Anastasia and General Bounine have suddenly disappeared. The Dowager realizes that Anastasia does not desire fame, but simply love, with the man of her choosing. She says very bravely that she will go in to where all the guests are waiting and tell them that the party is over and that they should go home.


Valdivia

Valdivia is a city, commune and municipality in southern Chile. Valdivia is the capital of "Los Ríos Region" (Spanish for "Region of the Rivers"), one of Chile's 16 regions. Valdivia is most known for being the city most affected by the Great Chilean Earthquake.

Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport

The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport (short name: SSR Airport) is the biggest airport in Mauritius.
Before, it was known as Plaisance Airport.

The SSR Airport is near the city Mahebourg in Mauritius. It is also the only big airport in this country. 

Pervez Musharraf

Syed Pervez Musharraf () (11 August 1943 – 5 February 2023) was a Pakistani politician and Four-star general of the Pakistan Army. He was a military dictator and the tenth President of Pakistan from 20 June 2001 to 18 August 2008, when he resigned to avoid impeachment. Previously, he was Chief Executive of Pakistan as well as former Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army. He took over power in Pakistan in 1999, by removing the elected government of Nawaz Sharif. 

He has charged with multiple murders in April 2013 and was given bail in October 2013. Then he was arrested again. In 2019, Musharraf was sentenced to death "in absentia" over his treason charges.

Syed Pervez Musharraf was born on 11 August 1943 in Delhi, British India (present-day India) during the British Raj. Musharraf was raised in Karachi and Istanbul. He studied mathematics at Forman Christian College in Lahore and was also educated at the Royal College of Defence Studies in the United Kingdom. Musharraf entered the Pakistan Military Academy in 1961. He was Commissioned to the Pakistan Army in 1964. He played an active role in the Afghan Civil War. Musharraf saw action during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 as a second Lieutenant. By the 1980s, he was commanding an artillery brigade. In the 1990s, Musharraf was promoted to major general and assigned an infantry division. He later commanded the Special Services Group. Soon after, he served as Deputy military secretary and Director General of Military Operations.

Musharraf rose to national prominence when he was promoted to a Four-star general by Prime minister Nawaz Sharif in 1998. This made Musharraf the head of the armed forces. He led the Kargil infiltration that almost brought India and Pakistan to a full-fledged war in 1999.

On 5 February 2023, Musharraf died due to amyloidosis. He was 79. He had been hospitalised a year prior due to the disease. His body is set to be returned to Pakistan from Dubai on 6 February.

Bas-relief

Bas-relief is a type of relief (sculpture) that has less depth to the faces and figures than they actually have, when measured proportionately (to scale). This technique keeps the natural shapes of the figures and allows the work to be seen from many angles without twisting the figures themselves. 

There is a continuation of the bas-relief technique into the next category, altorilievo, or high relief. High relief makes deeper images than bas-relief. Instead of shallow backgrounds that are a few inches (cm) deep at most, they can be up to several feet (a few meters) deep in altorilievo. 

Some of the best examples of bas-relief are the Assyrian Lion Hunt Reliefs, which are housed at the British Museum. The attention to detail and appearance of the lions moving make them stand out, especially for the time period they were made in.

These images are made to be seen in 3D with the use of colored glasses and might not appear correctly without them.


Dogfights

Dogfights is a TV show on The History Channel. It uses computer animation to show dogfights from wars and talks with the pilots.

Dogfight

A dogfight is a close air fight between fighter planes. It often involves turning, climbing, and swirling.

Dogfights started during World War I when the fighter planes did not have many weapons.

The first aerial dogfight occurred during the Battle of Cer (15–24 August 1914), when Serbian aviator Miodrag Tomić encountered an Austro-Hungarian plane while performing a reconnaissance mission over Austro-Hungarian positions. The Austro-Hungarian pilot initially waved, and Tomić waved back. The Austro-Hungarian pilot then fired at Tomić with his revolver.  Tomić produced a pistol of his own and fired back. Tomić managed to escape, and within several weeks, all Serbian and Austro-Hungarian planes were fitted with machine-guns.

Modern weapons such as homing missiles did not exist in that time, and planes could only fight each other with machine guns. Since the machine guns were only useful at close range, the planes had to fly very close together to have combat. Pilots had to fly with many maneuvers to try to not be shot, and be able to shoot the enemy planes. This new type of flying was named dogfighting. Fighter planes made just for this type of flying were sometimes called dogfighters. During World War II many had autocannons firing small, explosive artillery shells. They kept farther apart so they would not be destroyed quickly.

In modern air combat, there are many long range weapons that can be used before dogfighting. Homing missiles can be fired much further away from the target than machine guns, and will automatically try to follow the target. These types of weapons make dogfighting less common, but modern planes still have Gatling guns, which are more advanced kinds of machine guns. This is because dogfighting still happens sometimes.

M1911 pistol

The M1911 is a .45 ACP caliber pistol originally made by Colt, and is now the most copied pistol design in the world. It was designed in the early 1900s by John Browning and was used in battle by many soldiers in World War I, World War II, The Korean War, and in the Vietnam War. It is semi-automatic and can fire a bullet each time the trigger is pulled. Military versions of the gun can hold seven or eight rounds inside its magazine and one more in the chamber. M1911 style guns are still made today and are for sale.

It was the most used pistol in the United States Military from 1911-1985, when it was replaced by the 9mm caliber Beretta M9, a military version of the Beretta 92. The M1911 was replaced because military leaders liked that the Beretta pistol could hold more bullets. Another reason was because other NATO countries pressured the US to follow a rule that all NATO weapons must use the same ammunition. Even after the Beretta M9 officially replaced the M1911, many US soldiers still use the M1911 in combat. The M1911 is a common pistol design for police and special forces because it is reliable in function, easy to modify by a gunsmith, and effective. 

The "1911" in the name is because the pistol was adopted by the United States Army in the year 1911. M1911A1 pistols have an 'A1' added because they were changed from the original design in the 1920s in military service. The pistol was made first by Colt Manufacturing but was produced by many other companies during World War II. Because the M1911 is so popular, several gun companies make their own version of this gun which are still sold today.


Artaxiad dynasty of Iberia

The Artaxiads (Georgian: არტაშესიანი, Artašesiani), a branch of the dynasty of Armenia that ruled Iberia (ancient Georgia) from c. 90 BC to 30 AD. Little is known about the early years of the Iberian Artaxiad rule. They seem to have been under the influence of their Armenian cousins to whom Iberia had gotten a significant portion of its territory. In 65 BC, their kingdom was attacked by Rome and the dynasty was forced to sign a peace treaty.

Stocking

A stocking is a piece of women's clothing, worn like socks. They are made of stretchy materials. They are often worn instead of tights or socks.

Stockings that are similar to woman's stockings are also made as parts of sport uniforms.

Robe

A robe is a type of clothing. It is loose-fitting and sometimes ties in the front.

There are different types of robes. These include the following:


Geri Halliwell

Geraldine Estelle "Geri" Halliwell (born 6 August 1972) is an English pop music singer. She is a former member of pop group the Spice Girls. She made $30 million during her last two years in the group.

She left the Spice Girls in May 1998 and continued singing as a solo artist. In 2007, she reunited with the Spice Girls to do a world tour.

Nude photos of Halliwell were in a number of magazines in 1992 and 1995 including "Playboy" and "Penthouse". 

In 2012, Halliwell was a guest judge at "The X Factor" auditions in Liverpool. On 26 June she reunited with Spice Girls to promote the brand new musical "Viva Forever" based on their songs and career. 12 August 2012, she performed with the girls from the group in the closing ceremony of the Olympic Games in London.

Halliwell's father was half-Swedish, half-English; her mother is Spanish. On 14 May 2006, Halliwell gave birth to her daughter, Bluebell Madonna Halliwell. Sacha Gervasi is said to be the child's father, but this has not been said by Halliwell. Victoria Beckham and Emma Bunton are Bluebell's godmothers. There are rumors that Halliwell is dating Russell Brand. but in May 2015 she married racing driver Christian Horner.




The Crucible

The Crucible is a 1950s play about the Salem Witch Trials by Arthur Miller. 

Miller wrote this play during the time of McCarthyism in America. Many people were afraid that communism would stop the American way of life. Some people falsely accused their enemies and even their friends of being communists during this time. Miller writes about the ideas of fear and false accusation which affected him during this time.

A "crucible" is a severe test or trial, which is exactly what happens in the play. Miller intended "The Crucible" as an allegory to McCarthyism. The events that took place during the time the play was written were very similar to the Salem witch hunts. This is why Miller named the book "The Crucible" after the Salem Witch Trials.

Many of the characters in the Crucible are based on real people who were at the Salem Witch trials. Some are also based on people in the 1950s Red Scare, such as Joseph McCarthy and Julius Rosenberg

In the beginning of the story, Reverend Parris is looking at his daughter, Betty, while weeping and praying. She is asleep on her bed and cannot wake up. They know that she is not dead, but she does not move or speak. She just lies there. Parris heard that Betty and other girls were dancing in the woods. (This was a very bad thing at the time because that implied they knew the devil.)

Reverend Parris's slave, Tituba, is from Barbados. Abigail says that she put a spell on Betty so she would not wake up. Parris is angry with Tituba. He makes her say that she was a witch, and the devil made her curse Betty. Suddenly, Abigail and Betty both say that they were with the devil too, so they would get out of trouble. They say that other people like Goody Osborne and Goody Good are witches too. 

John Proctor's relationship with his wife is quite tense because he cheated on her with Abigail. They try to pretend that nothing is wrong but end up having a tense argument about it. While they are arguing, Mary Warren comes in. Proctor is angry with her for leaving the house when he demanded that she did not. She is arrogant and says she is an official of the court and that her services are needed. Mary informs John and Elizabeth that many more than 39 people will be executed instead of the 19 they heard about. She also claims that she saved Elizabeth's life because Elizabeth was "somewhat mentioned" in court. After Mary goes to bed, Cheever comes to arrest Elizabeth. John does not take it well and rips the arrest warrant. After an emotional exchange, Elizabeth is taken and she gives Mary brief directions for the next day. 

In court, John tries to help his wife by accusing the "witches" in court with Mary's deposition. He tells the court how well he knows these people and that they cannot be witches. He confesses that he slept with Abigail and that she wishes to see Elizabeth dead. Abigail is angered and threatens the judge. He tries to get Mary to tell the truth and she initially does, but then reforms to Abigail's act again after being accused of working with the devil. Mary then calls John a witch and says that he has dealings with the devil. This is a problem because John is very respected in the town, so the judges ask him to admit that he works with the devil. He will be able to live if he lies. 

In the end, he signs a letter of confession stating that he works with the devil. Then he destroys the letter instead of lying. He wants to live so he could look after his family, but chose to keep his respect and honor instead. He is tried and the court kills him by hanging. However, the court allows Elizabeth to live because she is pregnant. Abigail runs away to Boston with Mercy Lewis, after stealing her uncle's money because she thinks that people know she told lies.

Rush Limbaugh

Rush Hudson Limbaugh III (, ; January 12, 1951 – February 17, 2021) was an American conservative radio talk show host and writer. He was the host of "The Rush Limbaugh show" where callers could call in and express their opinions. 

Leftist critic Media Matters said some of his views were sexist. The 2015 documentary "The Brainwashing Of My Dad" discusses how his program could radicalize people into sharing such views.

In the 1990s, Limbaugh's books "The Way Things Ought to Be" (1992) and "See, I Told You So" (1993) made "The New York Times" Best Seller list. 

He was one of the most highly paid people in the US media.

President Donald Trump awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in February 2020 during the State of the Union Address.

He went deaf and received a cochlear implant in 2001.

Limbaugh was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer in January 2020. Nine months later in October, he said that his cancer was terminal. Limbaugh died from problems caused by the disease in Palm Beach, Florida on February 17, 2021, a month after his 70th birthday.


Second Life

Second Life is the biggest online virtual world. It was launched in 2003 by Linden Lab, a Californian software company founded by Philip Rosedale. It is made up of a large number of regions or islands, which can belong to continents. The users are called "residents", and technically they are "avatars". The piece of software used to log on to Second Life is called "viewer".

Some people use this multi-user virtual environment (MUVE) for entertainment purposes, though it is not a game because it does not have any single goal that players must achieve. Other people use it to work or to study. Anyone is free to do anything they want, as long as they respect the Terms of Service. They are also free to create new things and add them to the virtual world. Players can make a lot of different things, including buildings, clothes, and landscapes. This is why Second Life is considered a platform, too.

Second Life regions are classified as:

Many things that people can do in Second Life are about real life. For instance, some universities and companies use Second Life for education and training, including Stanford University, Indiana University and University of Western Australia.

Second Life can also be used for foreign language teaching by language educators. English as a foreign language has gained a presence through several schools, such as the British Council. Two popular places where Second Life users meet to practice English are Virtlantis and Cypris Chat. A list of educational projects, which also include some language schools, can be found in the Second Life wiki.



Ford Falcon

The Ford Falcon is a big car made by Ford in Australia since 1960. It had seven generations and production of it stopped in October 2016. 

Hoboken

Hoboken is a southern district of the city of Antwerp, in Flanders (Belgium). There are 34,443 people living there.


Bottlenose dolphin

A bottlenose dolphin is a kind of dolphin. The name "bottlenose" comes from its snout being shaped like a bottle. It breathes a hole on top of its head. It is intelligent, and its brain is large. Bottlenose dolphins are closely related to porpoises. They are skilled and accurate hunters which eat small fish. 

Bottlenose dolphins are grey, with dark grey near their "blowhole" (the small hole on the top of their head for breating). They are light grey on their belly. This is called countershading: it makes them less easy to see. 

When it is grown up, it is about 2 to 4 meters (6.6 to 13.1ft) and about 150 to 650 kilograms (330 1430lb). The males are a usually a bit bigger than females. Dolphins which live in warm places are smaller than dolphins that live in cold places.

Franz Josef Strauß

Franz Josef Strauß () (6 September 6 1915 – 3 October 1988) was a German politician (CSU) and minister-president of the state of Bavaria. Press reports called him the ""Strong Man of Europe"".

Born as "Franz Strauß" in Munich as the second child of a butcher. Strauß studied at the University of Munich from 1935 to 1939.

He became a member of the "NSDStB" (Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Studentenbund), (). All students had to be members, or they would not be allowed to study.

In World War II, he served in the German army, on the Western and Eastern Fronts. While on furlough, he passed the German state exams to become a teacher. He got severe frostbite on the Eastern Front at the end of 1942, so he became an "Offizier für wehrgeistige Führung" (political officer) at the anti-aircraft artillery school in Altenstadt, near Schongau, Bavaria.

Soon after the war he changed his name to Franz Josef Strauß.

In 1957 Strauß married Marianne Zwicknagl. They had three children (Max Josef, Franz Georg and Monika). Monika also became a Bavarian minister and member of the Bavarian parliament.

After the war, he was appointed deputy "Landrat" (county president) of Schongau by the American army, and helped to found the local CSU there.

He became a member of the first "Bundestag" (Federal Parliament) in 1949 and, in 1953, Federal Minister for Special Affairs in the second cabinet of Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. In 1955 he became Federal Minister of Nuclear Energy, and in 1956 defence minister. As defence minister he helped to build-up the new "Bundeswehr".

He became chairman of the CSU in 1961.

Strauß had to resign as defence minister in 1962 because of the Spiegel scandal. The important magazine "Der Spiegel" said that the Bundeswehr could not defend Germany. Strauß said this was treason and Rudolf Augstein, editor of the magazine, was arrested for 103 days.

Strauß had to admit that he had lied to the Bundestag, and had to resign. He complained that he was treated like a "Jew who had dared appear at an NSDAP party convention".

Strauß became minister of finance in 1966, in the cabinet of Kurt Georg Kiesinger.

He worked with the SPD minister for economy, Karl Schiller, but after the SPD was able to form a government without the CDU/CSU, in 1969, Strauß lost his job and became a critic of Willy Brandt's "Ostpolitik."

In 1976, when Helmut Kohl failed to become chancellor Strauß cancelled the alliance between the CDU and CSU parties in the Bundestag. He only started the alliance again when the CDU threatened to move into Bavaria.

In the 1980 federal election Strauß was the CDU/CSU candidate for chancellor. Some people thought that this showed that the CDU and CSU leaders thought Strauß had better policies and style than Kohl. Others said that the CDU/CSU thought that Helmut Schmidt and the SPD was bound to win the 1980 election, and felt that they had nothing to lose in running Strauß: but it might stop Strauß criticising anyone who disagreed with him.

From 1978 until his death in 1988, Strauß was minister president of Bavaria. He served as President of the Bundesrat in 1983/84.

After he lost the 1980 federal election, he left federal politics. But he did not stay quiet, and often commented on federal affairs from his safe seat in Bavaria. He especially criticised Kohl's ideas, even after Kohl ascended to the Chancellorship.

In 1983, Strauß helped to arrange a loan of 3 billion Deutschmarks for East Germany. This was not popular, and today it is regarded by some as having artificially prolonged the life of the then-bankrupt communist state.

Strauß visited communist Albania on 21 August 1984, while Enver Hoxha, the absolute dictator from the end of World War II until his death in 1985, was still alive. Strauß was one of the few Western leaders to visit Albania. Some thought Strauß might be helping to start diplomatic links between Albania and West Germany but the visit did not result in anything concrete.
On 1 October 1988, Strauß collapsed while hunting with the Prince of Thurn and Taxis in the Thurn and Taxis forests, east of Regensburg. He died in a Regensburg hospital on October 3 without having regained consciousness.

Strauß was very important in post-war Germany even though he was not very well known outside Germany. He polarized (split) the public like few other politicians.

A well known spokesman for conservatives, and brilliant speech-maker, he was a "red flag" to the left (his ideas made left wing people very angry).

He helped transform Bavaria from a farming state to a centre of technology in Germany. He was an aerospace enthusiast, and supported the Airbus in the 1970s. This is why the new airport in Munich was named after him in 1992 (see Franz Josef Strauß International Airport).


President of the German Bundesrat

The President of the German Bundesrat () is the speaker or chair of the German Bundesrat, which is the upper house of the German parliament.

Each of the ministers president of the federal "Länder" (states) acts as the president of the Bundesrat for one year.

The President of the Bundesrat can also act as deputy to the Federal President if the Federal President is out of Germany or not able to act because of illness etc. If the Federal President dies or is removed from office the President of the Bundestag will act as President until a new president is elected, which must be within thirty days.

The President of the Bundesrat is usually elected on the 1 November in one year, and serves until the 31 October of the next year. The Basic Law says, in Article 52.1, that "the Bundesrat elects its President for one year". However, in practice the presidency rotates among all Länder equally, in accordance with a predetermined order. The order changes sometimes, because it depends on each state's population.

If the head of government of a "Land" changes during the term of the President of the Bundesrat then the presidency passes to the new minister-president for the remainder of its one year duration. This happened in April 1999 when Roland Koch replaced Hans Eichel as minister-president of Hesse. The current order of rotation of the presidency of the Bundesrat is as follows:




German TV

German TV was a German-speaking television program for viewers in the USA and in Canada.

It was founded as a joint program from ARD and ZDF, which formed 40% each of the broadcast output. The remaining 20% was from Deutsche Welle.

The channel broadcast 24 hours-a-day. The editorial staff and the management of German TV were in the offices of Deutsche Welle TV in Berlin.

German TV sent news and information as well as sport, children's programs, shows and other entertainment programs as well as various films from different areas.

German TV went on the air in April, 2002. It was able to be received in the USA, and in wide parts of Canada and Latin America, by Satellite or Cable TV.


List of presidents of the German Bundesrat

The President of the German Bundesrat () is the German Bundesrat's chairperson or speaker.

The office rotates among the ministers president of each of the federal "Länder" annually. The new Bundesratspräsident is elected during October and takes office on 1 November. In 1950 the Ministers President of the Länder agreed to elect the Bundesratspräsident on a rota, so that every state had a chance to preside over the Bundesrat and to show that the Bundesrat represents all of Germany, rather than the most successful political party.

The rota is based on the state's population.



Maximilien de Robespierre

Maximilien François Marie Isidore de Robespierre (; 6 May 1758 – 28 July 1794) is one of the best-known leaders of the French Revolution. He was born in Arras, France and he went to school to become a lawyer and got his degree at law school. He was elected to the Estates General to help make laws for France. He fought against the French Monarchy, the death penalty, and slavery, and for democratic reforms and the people to have more power. He gained a reputation for defending the poor. His friends called him "incorruptible" for sticking to his moral values and killing his enemies. Later he was elected president of the powerful Jacobin political group.

Robespierre led the committee of public safety during 1793. Through it, he was able to execute the king. Even though Robespierre got thousands of people executed, Robespierre cared about the working class.

He executed King Louis XVI because he was convicted of treason. Under the advice of Robespierre, the Committee of Public Safety came to control France. The period that the Committee of Public Safety ruled France is known as “The Reign of Terror” and Maximilien de Robespierre was their leader. In the Thermidorian Reaction Robespierre was caught and executed with 21 of his followers with a guillotine. The National Convention were the people who overthrew Maximilien de Robespierre.

Maximilien de Robespierre was born in Arras in the old French province of Artois. His family has been traced back to the 12th century in Picardy; some of his ancestors in the male line worked as notaries in Carvin near Arras from the beginning of the 17th century. It has been suggested that he was of Irish descent, his surname possibly a corruption of "Robert Speirs".


Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen

The Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen () is one of the most important papers of the French Revolution. 
This paper explains a list of rights, such as freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of assembly and separation of powers. All men have these rights. It also talks about some rights many people have together. This paper was written using some of the ideas of natural rights, these rights are for all men: they are supposed to be valid in all times and places. They are said to be rights of human nature. The last idea of the Declaration was accepted on 26 August 1789, by the National Constituent Assembly ("Assemblée nationale constituante"). It was a very important first thing to do before the people could write a constitution. The paper explained these basic rights, not only for French people but for "all men without exception", it did not say anything about the rights or role of women. It also did not talk about slavery. People now think that it was an important step towards international human rights or Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

The ideas written in the declaration are important in French law today. They can be used to fight or change new laws or other government actions. French law is based off of this document.

The Simpsons Halloween episodes

Treehouse of Horror, or The Simpsons Halloween Specials, is a seasonal special TV episode that is aired in every season (except the first one) where there are three different Halloween-based stories. Most of the time the episodes are about something really scary, unusual, or science-fictional event happening to the family. Since they have nothing to do with the real episodes, they are considered non-canonical (things that do not really happen).

Most of the time the family encounter horrible things like zombies, aliens, monsters, witches, or sometimes each other. Some episodes spoof horror or science-fiction films (most notably, shows from The Twilight Zone).



Bonerath

Bonerath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 232 people lived there.


Gusterath

Gusterath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,976 people lived there.


Gutweiler

Gutweiler is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 636 people lived there.


Hinzenburg

Hinzenburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 143 people lived there.


Holzerath

Holzerath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 431 people lived there.


Kasel

Kasel is a municipality and a part of the Ruwer (municipality) in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,321 people lived there.


Korlingen

Korlingen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 831 people lived there.


Mertesdorf

Mertesdorf is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,688 people lived there.


Morscheid

Morscheid is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 946 people lived there.


Ollmuth

Ollmuth is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 168 people lived there.


Pluwig

Pluwig is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,679 people lived there.


Riveris

Riveris is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The municipality lies in the valley of the river Riveris. As of 31 December 2018, 402 people lived there.


Schöndorf

Schöndorf is the name of two municipalities in Germany:

and to:


Sommerau

Sommerau is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 75 people lived there.

Waldrach

Waldrach is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is near Trier. As of 31 December 2018, 2,035 people lived there.


Perfect Stranger (movie)

Perfect Stranger is a big screen movie that was first shown in late 2006. It stars Halle Berry.

American bison

The American bison (also called American buffalo or just buffalo) is a species of bison, a bovine mammal. The name "buffalo" is a misnomer, because the bison is only distantly related to the water buffalo and the African buffalo. 

Bison are a keystone species. Their staple foods are grasses and sedges. They once roamed the North American continent in great herds, and their grazing helped shape the ecology of the Great Plains. The bisons has a large head with relatively small, curving horns. Its dark brown coat is long and shaggy on the forequarters, including the front legs, neck, and shoulders, while the rest of the body has shorter, finer hair.

American bison live in river valleys, and on prairies and plains. Typical habitat is open or semi-open grassland, as well as sagebrush, semi-arid lands and scrublands. Bison will also graze in hilly or mountainous areas where the slopes are not steep. Though not particularly known as high altitude animals, bison in the Yellowstone Park are frequently found at elevations above and the Henry Mountains bison herd is found on the plains around the Henry Mountains, Utah, as well as in mountain valleys of the Henry Mountains to an altitude of .

Although bison once roamed across North America, they are now ecologically extinct over most of their historic range. They live on in a few national parks and other small wildlife areas.

There used to be as many as 30 million bison in the United States, but because of hunting, by 1890, only 1,000 bison were left. Through conservation efforts, there are now more American bison than there used to be, but still far fewer than there were before the 1800s.

The American bison is often used in North America in official seals, flags, and logos. In 2016, the American bison became the national mammal of the United States.

Bisons have been used as livestock. They are known for having cattle-like meats, but it is leaner and slightly sweeter than beef.

"Main article: Beefalo"
They can interbreed with cattle to make a hybrid known as the beefalo.

Jiroft civilization

The Jiroft Civilization () is a proposed Early Bronze Age civilization of Sistan, Iran (fl. ca. 26th century BC). It was proposed by Yousef Madjidzadeh in 2003 because of archaeological artifacts confiscated by Iranian authorities. White Muscarella (2005) expresses serious doubt in the accuracy of the "Jiroft Civilization" as an archaeological entity. The Jiroft site itself is of undisputed notability as a mid-3rd millennium city situated between the Elamite civilization to the west and the Indus Valley civilization to the east.


Tigranakert

Tigranakert (Armenian: Տիգրանակերտ, transliterated "Tigranakert" and also spelled "Dikranagerd" in Western Armenian; Latin Tigranocerta) was a city near present-day Silvan, Turkey, east of Diyarbakır. It was founded by the Armenian Emperor Tigranes the Great in the 1st century BC. Tigranakert was founded as the new capital of the Armenian Empire in order to be in a more central position within the boundaries of the expanding empire.

Combat sport

A combat sport (also known as a combative sport) is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules of contact, with the aim of simulating parts of real hand to hand combat. Boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports.

The techniques used can be categorized into three domains: striking, grappling, and weapon usage. Some rule-sets specialize in one area, while others allow overlap.

Ground fighting

Ground fighting (in martial arts sometimes referred to as "ground work" or "ground game") is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while the fighters are on the ground, generally involving a degree of clutching of gripping.


Anderson Silva

Anderson da Silva (born April 14, 1975) is a Brazilian Muay Thai fighter and mixed martial artist (MMA). He is a former UFC middleweight champion. He is also the current Cage Rage World middleweight champion. Silva is the longest-reigning champion in that promotion. He has competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, Shooto, and Rumble on the Rock. Silva holds notable wins over Rich Franklin, Hayato Sakurai, Nathan Marquardt and Jeremy Horn.


Karo Parisyan

Karapet "Karo" Parisyan (; born August 28, 1982 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian-American mixed martial arts fighter. His fighting style is mainly Judo, but has been modified to fight without the use of a Judogi.

His current professional MMA record is 17-4-0 with 9 of his wins coming by way of submission. Karo is currently fighting out of North Hollywood, California, and he is ranked as the 5th best welterweight fighter in the world by MMAweekly.com.


Diego Sanchez

Diego "The Nightmare" Sanchez (born December 31, 1981 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a Mexican American mixed martial artist (MMA). He has a background in wrestling and Gaidojutsu, a system of submission wrestling developed by his longtime trainer Greg Jackson. Sanchez currently fights as a welterweight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).

Elías Piña Province

Elías Piña is a Dominican province in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city is Comendador.

It was created on 1942 as Province San Rafael. In 1965, its name was changed to Province Estrelleta and, finally, in 1972 it got its present name. Before 1942, the area of this province was part of the San Juan province.

"Elías Piña" was an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. He was born in a place near Comendador and died in 1845 in a battle near Bánica.

Elías Piña has Dajabón to the northwest, Santiago Rodríguez to the northeast, San Juan to the east and the Independencia province to the south. To the west Elías Piña borders the Republic of Haiti.

Few people lived in the territory of Elías Piña during colonial times because it was on the border between two colonies: the French "Saint-Domingue" and the Spanish "Santo Domingo". After 1844, the region became part of the border between Haiti and Dominican Republic.

The only town founded during the colony was Bánica, in the eastern end of a region of many savannas that was called "Oncéano" by the Spanish; most of Oncéano is now part of the Centre Department of Haiti. Both Comendador and Hondo Valle were military posts on the border after the Dominican independence. The rest of the present province had very few people until the end of the Restoration War in 1865 when families from other parts of the country came to live here.

During the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian soldiers came across this region; because of that, there were many fights here. The most important fight was La Estrelleta Battle, in a savanna to the east of Comendador.

Since colonial times, the territory was part of the Azua province until it was changed to the "Benefactor" province (now the San Juan province) when this province was created in 1938.

The Elías Piña province was created in 1942 with the municipalities of Elías Piña and Bánica; the new province was named San Rafael and its capital was the city of Elías Piña. In 1965, the name of the province was changed to La Estrelleta and later, in 1972, it was changed to Elías Piña and the capital got its old name of Comendador.

Pedro Santana became a municipality of the province in 1952, El Llano in 1974, Hondo Valle in 1978 and Juan Santiago in 2005.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Elías Piña province, and only 30,429 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the lowest in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 28th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 63,449 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Comendador, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in 2010) of 12,400 inhabitants.

The Elías Piña province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 14th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

There are two main roads in the province. One, "Carretera Sánchez" (Sánchez National Road), goes through the central part of the province from east to west; this is one of the main road of the country and goes from Santo Domingo to the western part of the country, to Comendador.

The second main road goes from south to north; it starts in the Sánchez National Road at "Matayaya" (San Juan province) and goes through Bánica and Pedro Santana and then through the Dajabón and Monte Cristi provinces to end in San Fernando de Monte Cristi, on the north coast. This road, for several kilometres north of Pedro Santana, marks the border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti and, for that reason, is called "International Road".

There are other secondary roads. One of them goes from Comendador to Hondo Valle and then to the Independencia province, crossing the Sierra de Neiba mountain range.

Two mountain ranges crosses the province from east to west and then into Haiti. The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range") is in the northern part of the province, and the Sierra de Neiba runs across the southern half. The area between those two mountain ranges is composed of several valleys, formed by the Artibonite River and its tributaries, and low mountains (hills).

The highest mountain in the province is the "Loma La Tasajera del Chivito" at above sea level in the Sierra de Neiba. "Nalga de Maco", high (), is the second highest mountain, in the northeast corner of the province, close to the Santiago Rodríguez province. It is the highest mountain in the western Cordillera Central.

The main river is the Artibonite that, in some places, marks the Dominican-Haitian border. Other rivers are Macasías, Tocino, Joca and Vallecito, all of them tributaries of the Artibonite river. The Caña river is the most important in the southern part of the province, going from south to north; it is a tributary of the Macasías river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 7 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

As in all border provinces in the Dominican Republic, there is little economic development. The trade with Haiti is important, mainly in Comendador. On the mountains, coffee and beans are important products. Potatoes are also produced in the south (Sierra de Neiba).


Mila Kunis

Milena Markovna "Mila" Kunis (; born August 14, 1983 in Chernivtsi, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian-American actress and model of Jewish descent.

Kunis moved to Los Angeles in 1991. Her first acting role was in 1995. She is best known for playing Jackie Burkhart on the sitcom "That '70s Show". She also plays the voice of Meg Griffin on "Family Guy." Lacey Chabert played Meg Griffin in the first season, but Mila Kunis plays Meg Griffin now. She has been in a relationship with Ashton Kutcher since April 2012. The couple became engaged in February 2014. Their daughter was born in September 2014. Mila Kunis has ADHD and takes Dexedrine.

Crazy in Love

"Crazy in Love" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, producer Rich Harrison, rapper Jay-Z, and Eugene Record. Released as the first single from Beyoncé's debut album "Dangerously in Love" in mid 2003 (see 2003 in music), it reached number one in the United States and United Kingdom and the top ten on the majority of charts it entered across the world. The song contains a prominent horn sample from The Chi-Lites' 1970 "Are You My Woman (Tell Me So)", and serves as the song's hook. Its success established Knowles as a leading solo performer following several years as a member of the band Destiny's Child.

The music video (released in May 2003) was filmed by Jake Nava and does not have a story. The opening scene begins with Knowles wearing a tank top, shorts, and red high-heels. She performs a dance on a riser. The scene shifts to a gold set detailing a mock photo shoot, before moving into a scene with dancers detailing Knowles and dancing against a wall while wearing caps and full length pants. In a controversial sequence, the video then shifts into its next scene, which shows a helpless Beyoncé struggling inside a car. She is apparently unaware that there is a trail of gasoline outside of the car, which Jay-Z ignites, causing the car to explode.

Knowles does not appear injured; next, she is dancing to Jay-Z's solo rap in an exotic silk print over a fur coat, and decides to kick a fire hydrant. She continues to dance whilst the water is flying all over the place. The video ends with Knowles and her dancers in front of a giant fan in vibrant dresses in contrast to the more neutral colors of the background.





Check on It

"Check on It" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem Dean, Sean Garrett, Angela Beyincé, and Stayve Thomas for the soundtrack to the 2006 movie "The Pink Panther", in which Beyoncé co-stars. Although not included on its soundtrack album (because it only contains the movies scores), the song is included on Destiny's Child's greatest hits album "#1's" and on selected non-U.S. versions of Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day". It was produced by Knowles and Swizz Beatz.


When demand was growing for the song, Knowles shot a music video serving as promotion for both "#1's" and "The Pink Panther". The video was directed by Hype Williams, and was premiered on December 16 2005. The remix of the song in the music video features a remix of "The Pink Panther Theme" and a rap from Bun B. The video has a pink theme, with Knowles shown in mostly all pink (to fit in with "The Pink Panther"), and the dancers wear pink PVC jackets and dance around rippling pink satin sheets. The video cuts to Knowles wearing a pink polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall. Where black bars normally appear on a (full screen) television showing a widescreen production, footage is displayed of pink curtains moving in the background.

"Check on It" won the 2006 MTV Video Music Award for "Best R&B Video" on August 31, 2006.

Irreplaceable

"Irreplaceable" is a song written by American singer-songwriters Beyoncé Knowles and Ne-Yo, and Norwegian songwriters Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Espen Lind, and Amund Bjørklund for Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Produced by Norwegian production team Stargate and Beyoncé, the song was released as the album's third single domestically, and the second single outside North America in October 2006. The track "Freakum Dress" was initially the third single for US single and the second international single, however due to the underperformance of the single "Ring The Alarm" "Irreplaceable" was rush released because of its high popularity. "Irreplaceable" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on December 16, 2006, making it Beyoncé's eighth "Billboard" number-one, and her fourth as a solo artist (her first without a guest rapper). It has sold over two million copies in digital sales. It was the last U.S. #1 of 2006 and the first of 2007.

"Irreplaceable" has entered many charts around the world. The following table lists the various charts and peak positions. 

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Irreplaceable".






Amor Gitano

Amor Gitano (English: "Gypsy Love") is the theme song for the telenovela "", performed in Spanish by Alejandro Fernández and Beyoncé. The single was sold mainly in markets with a strong Latin demographic, such as Mexico, where it reached number thirty-eight on its official singles chart and number five on the Digital Sales Chart in late April 2007.

Work It Out

Work It Out is a funk song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles and The Neptunes members Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo (who produced the track) for the soundtrack to the 2002 film "Austin Powers in Goldmember"—in which she plays Foxxy Cleopatra—and was later featured on the non-U.S. editions of Knowles' solo debut album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003). Released as a single in June 2002, it failed to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, but did experience moderate success on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart, debuting at number forty-nine and later peaking at number eleven. Nevertheless, it was a relative hit in European countries such as the United Kingdom and Norway, where it reached number seven and number three respectively. The music video for the song was directed by Matthew Rolston. This funky number features Chad Hugo on the saxophone.


Get Me Bodied

Get Me Bodied is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, Solange Knowles, Angela Beyince, Makeba Riddick, and Swizz Beatz for Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Produced by Swizz Beatz, Sean Garrett, and Beyoncé, it was released as the album's fifth single in the United States on July 10, 2007, and has since reached number 68 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.



Beyoncé

Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter () (born September 4, 1981), known mononymously as Beyoncé, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, dancer and model. She is known as a lead singer of female pop group Destiny's Child. She released her first solo album, "Dangerously in Love", in 2003, when Destiny's Child was on a break. 

Since then, she has released six more albums, which have all produced hit singles. She has sold over 250 million records worldwide as a solo artist, and as the lead singer of the world's best-selling female group of all time, selling over 100 million records worldwide. She is the most female awarded musicians in Grammys of all time, with 32 wins during her career, as well as her nominations.

Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born at Park Plaza Hospital in Houston, Texas. Her mother is Tina Knowles (née Beyincé; currently Lawson) with her Creole descent, which means she has some African and French roots. Her father is Mathew Knowles, who is African American. Knowles went to several performing arts schools, and took part in singing and dancing competitions as a child. Her younger sister, Solange, is also a musician.

In her youth, she started the girl group Girls Tyme. Her father Mathew became her manager.

Knowles became very famous in the late 1990s. She became the lead singer of the R&B girl group Destiny's Child. The group became the world's best-selling girl group of all time, selling over 85 million records worldwide.

Destiny's Child took a break from recording music. Knowles released her solo debut album, "Dangerously in Love", in 2003. Two singles from the album—"Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy"—reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The album became one of the most successful albums of that year. "Dangerously in Love" was given five Grammy Awards. After Destiny's Child split, Knowles released her second album. "B'Day" was released in 2006, and its singles "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable" and "Beautiful Liar" reached the top ten in the United States. Her third album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" was released in 2008. "If I Were a Boy", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo" and "Sweet Dreams" became hit singles for Knowles. "Singles Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" became another number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album earned six Grammys in 2010, the most Grammys won by a woman in one night. Only Adele would do this again at the 2012 Grammys.

Her next album, "4" (2011), became her fourth number one album on the "Billboard" 200 chart. She became the third artist in history to have her first four albums debut at number one. Beyoncé released her fifth album "Beyoncé" on iTunes on December 13, 2013. The public did not know about the album before it was released. The album has fourteen songs and 17 videos. It has been given good reviews. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number one. This made her the first female artist in the history of the chart to have her first five albums enter the chart at the top. Knowles performed "Drunk in Love" with JAY-Z at the 2014 Grammy Awards. She was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Part II (On the Run)" with JAY-Z.

In February 2016, Beyoncé was a guest performer at Super Bowl 50. She performed "Formation", the lead single from her sixth studio album, "Lemonade". The performance was controversial, as it had elements of the #BlackLivesMatter movement along with influences from the Black Panthers. She announced The Formation World Tour in a commercial after the Super Bowl performance.

In April 2016, an hour-long film, "Lemonade", was shown on HBO. After the film aired, the "Lemonade" album was released. The album became her best-reviewed of her career. It entered the charts at number one in the US and Canada. "Lemonade" features the singles "Formation", "Sorry", and "Hold Up". It won the Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album in 2017, while the music video for "Formation" won the award for Best Music Video.

In 2017, Beyoncé released the promotional single "Die with You". She later contributed to the remix of "Mi Gente" by J Balvin and Willy William. This caused the song to jump to number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On December 1, 2017, an acoustic duet between Beyoncé and Ed Sheeran of Sheeran's song "Perfect" was released and was at the top of the iTunes charts in 32 countries. The song became Beyoncé's sixth US number-one as a solo artist and her tenth number-one song in the US including songs with Destiny's Child.

Knowles was featured on a remix of rapper Megan Thee Stallion's song "Savage"; it became Knowles’ seventh number-one song in the US.

On June 20, 2022, she released "Break My Soul", the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Renaissance" and the album was released on July 29, 2022. "Break My Soul" became her eighth solo US number-one (twelfth overall), while the album's next single, "Cuff It", reached number ten on the Hot 100.

Knowles has a three-and-a-half octave mezzo-soprano vocal range. Other sources state that she possesses a contralto vocal range at age of 30s. Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting". Jody Rosen notes that the hip hop era highly influenced Knowles' unique rhythmic vocal style, but also finds her quite traditionalist in her use of balladry, gospel and falsetto.

Her first role in a movie was for the musical "" (2001). Her first major movie was "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002). The movie "Dreamgirls" (2006) was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. Her other movies "Cadillac Records" (2008) and "Obsessed" (2009) did not do so well.

In 2019, she starred as Nala in the 2019 drama-live action remake "The Lion King".

In 2005, Knowles and her mother created a fashion line called House of Deréon.

In 2016, she also introduced a fitness-wear collection called Ivy Park.
In 2010, she released her first perfume which she called Heat.
In 2013, Knowles became H&M's new swimwear model since she gave birth to her daughter Blue Ivy just a year prior.

She became a spokesperson for L'Oréal, Pepsi, Tommy Hilfiger, Nintendo, and Vizio.

In 2010, Knowles was ranked first on "Forbes" list of the "100 Most Powerful and Influential Musicians in the World", and second on its list of the "100 Most Powerful and Influential Celebrities in the World". In 2012, she was named "World's Most Beautiful Woman" by "People" magazine.

Many of Knowles' recordings and movies were given many nominations, with many winning them. These include 24 Grammy Awards, 24 [MTV Video Music Awards], three [American Music Awards], a Billboard Millennium Award, and a star on the [Hollywood Walk of Fame] with Destiny's Child. In 2009, "[Billboard (magazine)|Billboard]" named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the 2000s decade. They also ranked her 4th for Artist of the Decade. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), named Knowles as the Top Certified Artist of the 2000s. In the US, she has sold over 17 million copies as of May 2014. She has sold more than 30.4 million digital singles as of January 2012. Worldwide, she has sold 245 million records. This makes her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. Knowles appeared on [VH1]'s 2010 list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time". They ranked her third on their "100 Greatest Women in Music" list in 2012.

In 2000, Knowles met Jay-Z and proposed her on his 38th birthday on December 4, 2007. The couple married on April 4, 2008. On January 7, 2012, she gave birth to their first daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, via natural birth in Lennox Hill Hospital, New York.

Knowles is a feminist. In the February 2013 issue of GQ magazine she said, "You know, equality is a myth, and for some reason, everyone accepts the fact that women don’t make as much money as men do. I don’t understand that. Why do we have to take a backseat? I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let’s face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what’s sexy. And men define what’s feminine. It’s ridiculous."

Knowles joined the Ban Bossy campaign in 2014.

In December 2013, it was revealed that she and her husband Jay-Z were longtime vegans. She wrote the foreword to the book "The 22-Day Revolution" by trainer Marco Borges, which was released in April 2015.

On February 1, 2017, Knowles announced via Instagram that she was expecting twins. She gave birth to a daughter, Rumi and a son, Sir on June 13, 2017 via cesarean section. 


Listen (song)

Listen is a song performed by American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles in the 2006 movie "Dreamgirls". It was released as the first single from the on December 5, 2006 in the United States and on was released in the United Kingdom on February 19, 2007. The song can also be found as a hidden track on international editions of the singer's second solo studio album, "B'Day" (2006).


True Star: A Private Performance

True Star: A Private Performance is a two-track EP by American R&B singer Beyoncé. Produced by herself and Tommy Hilfiger, it was released exclusively in Austria in 2004 (see 2004 in music). Solely available with limited edition purchases of her fragrance by Hilfiger entitled True Star.

Lose My Breath

"Lose My Breath" is an R&B/dance-pop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Sean Garrett, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Corey Carter for Destiny's Child's fifth and last studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). It was produced by Knowles and Jerkins and released as the album's lead single in autumn 2004. The single was released with "Why You Actin'" as the b-side. The song reached number one in Belgium, China, India, Israel, Ireland, and Switzerland and entered the top ten on the majority of the charts it appeared on, making it one of Destiny's Child most successful single releases. The song was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo Or Group.


These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Lose My Breath".


Destiny's Child discography

The discography of the R&B group Destiny's Child.
Destiny' s Child has sold in total 75 million worldwide including albums, video albums and singles; its leader Beyoncé as a solo and featured artist has sold the same million of copies; its co-leader Kelly Rowland has sold as a solo and featured artis 20 albums and single's million worldwide.
In total Destiny's Child and its leader and co-leader has sold 170 million worldwide. 


1983 Pacific hurricane season

The 1983 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1983 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1983 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1983. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

This season, there were a record-setting 21 named storms this year. Of those storms, twelve became hurricanes. Eight hurricanes reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. No named storms formed in the central Pacific; however, there were two tropical depressions. A strong El Niño contributed to this level of activity. That same El Niño influenced a relatively quiet season in the Atlantic.

The most notable storms were hurricane Tico, Tropical Storm Octave, and Hurricane Winnie. Hurricane Tico left thousands homeless in Mazatlan; Tropical Storm Octave killed several people in one of Arizona's worst disasters; and Hurricane Winnie was a rare December cyclone.


1972 Pacific hurricane season

The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1972 in the central Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1972. These dates conventionally delimit the period of time when tropical cyclones form in the east Pacific Ocean.

This season had a below average number of storms. There were twelve tropical cyclones. Of those, four were tropical storms, eight were hurricanes, and four were major hurricanes that reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In the central Pacific, two tropical storms and two tropical depressions formed. One of the depressions and one of the storms crossed the dateline to become typhoons.


1970 Pacific hurricane season

The 1970 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1970 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1970 in the central Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1970. These dates conventionally delimit the period of time when tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific Ocean.

This season had an above average number of storms. There were twenty-one tropical cyclones, of which eighteen reached tropical storm strength. Four storms became hurricanes, of which none reached major hurricane strength. In the central Pacific, one hurricane and one tropical depression formed. One of the depressions crossed the dateline to become a typhoon.


1977 Pacific hurricane season

The 1977 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1977 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1977 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1977. These dates start and end the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean. The season was very inactive.
This season had a record low level of activity. Only eight tropical storms formed, and four hurricanes. No major hurricanes formed. The next time this happened was during the 2003 season. Also, there was just one cyclogenesis in each of May, June, July, August, and October, which is also low. Activity in the central Pacific was zero, as no storms formed there nor moved in from the east. Strangely enough it was also not very active in the Eastern Pacific or the Atlantic.


2003 Pacific hurricane season

The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an strangely big number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico. The biggest cyclones in 2003 were Hurricanes Ignacio (which killed 2 people in Mexico) and Marty (which killed 12 people in Mexico). Those hurricanes were responsible for nearly $1 billion (2003 USD) in damage. Three other Pacific storms and three Atlantic storms also affected Mexico. The only other big storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena. Hurricane Jimena passed just to the south of Hawaii. Hurricane Jimena was the first storm to go near Hawaii for several years.

The season officially started on May 15, 2003 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 2003 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2003. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The season saw 16 tropical storms form, which is about average. However, this season was the first Pacific hurricane season since 1977 to have no systems become major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

Marty killed 12 and destroyed 4,000 homes in Baja California. 

Hurricane Nora was the strongest hurricane in the eastern Pacific Ocean in 2003.


1989 Pacific hurricane season

The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1989 in the Eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1989 in the Central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1989. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Notable storms include Hurricanes Cosme, Kiko, and Raymond. Cosme crossed over Mexico and contributed to the formation of Tropical Storm Allison in the Atlantic. Hurricane Kiko made landfall on the Gulf of California side of the Baja California peninsula. Hurricane Raymond was the strongest storm of the season, but weakened significantly before landfall.


1995 Pacific hurricane season

The 1995 Pacific hurricane season was the least active Pacific hurricane season since 1979. Of the eleven tropical cyclones that formed during the season, four affected land, with the most notable storm of the season being Hurricane Ismael, which killed at least 116 people in Mexico. The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette, which reached peak winds of 150 mph (240 km/h).

The season officially started on May 15, 1995 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1995 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1995. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The season saw eleven tropical cyclones form, of which ten became tropical storms. Seven storms attained hurricane status, of which three acquired major hurricane status. The number of tropical storms was much less than the average of 16 storms, while the number of hurricanes and major hurricanes were slightly below average.


1992 Pacific hurricane season

The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific season on record. The most notable storm was Hurricane Iniki, which caused billions of dollars of damage to the Hawaiian Islands. Hurricanes Lester, Virgil, Winifred, and Orlene also made landfall and killed several people, but were significantly less destructive. Hurricane Darby and Tropical Storm Agatha brought rains and more destruction to Mexico, without making landfall. Also of note are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali, which formed in late January and March, respectively.


Santa Cruz River

The Santa Cruz River is a river in southern Arizona, United States, and northern Sonora, Mexico. The Santa Cruz has its headwaters in the high intermontane grasslands of the San Rafael Valley to the east of Patagonia between the Canelo Hills to the east and the Patagonia Mountains to the west. It flows southward into Mexico and turns westward, and reenters the United States just to the east of Nogales. It then continues northward from the International border at Nogales past the Tumacacori National Historical Park, Tubac, Green Valley, Sahuarita, San Xavier del Bac, and Tucson to the Santa Cruz Flats just to the south of Casa Grande and the Gila River.


Artibonite River

The River Artibonite (; ) is a river in the island of Hispaniola. It is 321 km long (68 km in the Dominican Republic, 253 km in Haiti), the longest of the island and of Haiti.

The Taíno name of the river was Hatibonico. Peter Martyr d'Anghiera wrote that the name was "Attiboni" or "Attibonicus". Some people said that the name was "Guayajayuco" but it is another river, tributary of the Artibonite.

The source of the Artibonite is to the northeast of Río Limpio, in the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic. The mouth of the Artibonite is in Haiti, south of La Grand Saline, at about . It flows into the Gulf of Gonâve.

The river is the border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti for several kilometres, from the town of Pedro Santana to the point where it is joined by the River Macasías, and then turns west into Haiti.

Its watershed has an area of 9,013 km (2,614 km in the Dominican Republic, the rest in Haiti). Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 16.6 cubic metres per second at Pedro Santana.

The most important tributaries are the rivers Libón, Macasías and Joca, all of them in the Dominican Republic. The Libón River is the only important tributary that flows into the right side of the Artibonite.

Deforestation has affected in a bad way the quality and amount of water in the River Artibonite in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. There are not many fishes; only tilapias are caught. There were American crocodiles ("Crocodylus acutus") in the River Artibonite and in other rivers of the Hispaniola, but now they are found only in the big lakes of the island.

The water of the river is used for irrigation in Haiti but not in the Dominican Republic because it flows here through high mountains. The Peligre Hydroelectric Dam was built on the Arbitonite; it produces electricity for Haiti.

Jens Pulver

Jens Johnnie "Little Evil" Pulver (born December 6, 1974 in Sunnyside, Washington) is an American mixed martial artist (MMA). He was the first Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) lightweight champion, and was a coach on "The Ultimate Fighter 5" reality show, which aired on Spike TV. He is currently signed as a featherweight with World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC), which is owned by Zuffa (the parent company of the UFC).


Video CD

A Video CD or VCD is a CD that contains a movie instead of music or a computer program. It is the "little brother" of the DVD.

Since a DVD can store ten times as much information as a VCD, the quality of a VCD is not as high as that of a DVD, but it is ten times cheaper to make. The quality of the picture is about as good as an analog television with a simple antenna, or a VHS tape.

VCD's were invented by Philips and Sony just like the CD, but then never became very popular in the Western world, which switched from VHS tapes directly to the DVD. However, in Asia and in other developing countries the VCD is popular, since a DVD player is also much more expensive than a VCD player, but not Australia.

A VCD movie is stored in the popular MPEG (.MPG) format, that is also often used to download movies from the internet. But if a VCD disk is put in a computer, there is a file with a .MPG after the name, and many other files. This is because the movie is actually in a file (or files) that has .DAT after the name. This file can be played with Windows Media Player (or any other player that can play a .MPG movie), one does not need special software because the file is actually just a .MPG movie with a .DAT end of the name instead of .MPG. There are also many programs that can play a VCD on a PC.

Boston Red Sox

The Boston Red Sox are an American baseball team from Boston, Massachusetts that play in Major League Baseball. They have nine World Series championships, most recently in 2018. The Red Sox are a member of Major League Baseball's American League East Division and of the American League itself. The Red Sox have played at Fenway Park since 1912
One of the American League's eight charter franchises, the club was founded in Boston in 1901. They had no real nickname, but were often called the Boston Americans because they played in the American League. Their first home field was the Huntington Avenue Grounds. They met the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first modern World Series, and defeated the Pirates in an upset.

In 1907, the Boston National League team stopped using red as their team color. The Americans team color had been blue. The next year, 1908, the Americans adopted red as their color, and officially became the Boston Red Sox.

In 1918, the team won its fifth World Series, and then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history. The Red Sox won the World Series in 1903, 1912, 1915, 1916, 1918, 2004, 2007, 2013, and 2018; they won the pennant, but lost the World Series in 1946, 1967, 1975, and 1986.

Many thought their championship drought between 1918 and 2004 was caused by the "Curse of the Bambino", said to have been caused by the trade of Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees in 1920. The drought was ended, and the "curse" reversed in 2004, when the team won their sixth World Series Championship. 

To get to the 2004 World Series, they beat the Yankees in the 2004 American League Championship Series; they lost the first three games to the Yankees, but then, facing elimination, they won the next four games and thereby won the ALCS. That was, and still is, the first and only time an MLB team has won a seven-game playoff series after losing the first three games. 

After the ALCS, the Red Sox swept the St. Louis Cardinals to win their first World Series since 1918 (86 years) in 2004.

They share a large and very famous rivalry with the New York Yankees. They also share a notably smaller rivalry with the Tampa Bay Rays because of the 2008 American League Championship Series and because of various on-field fights and disputes.


Green Light: Freemasons EP

Green Light: Freemasons EP is a remix EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on July 27, 2007, online as a digital download.


Irreemplazable

Irreemplazable is a Spanish and Spanglish EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on August 28, 2007 in US. At the same time, a CD/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart. The DVD features behind the scenes documentary entitled "La Evolucion Latina de Beyoncé" ("The Latin Evolution of Beyoncé") as well as the music video for Beyoncé's "Get Me Bodied" (Timbaland remix) featuring Voltio.


Ring the Alarm

Ring the Alarm is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, and Sean Garrett for Knowles' second solo album "B’Day" (2006). Co-produced by Knowles, and Swizz Beatz, the song premiered on August 8, 2006 to radio outlets in the United States and eventually debuted at number twelve on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making the single her highest entry on the official American singles chart and the second highest debut of 2006 behind only Taylor Hicks's "Do I Make You Proud". It previously debuted at "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles at number seventeen.

These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Ring the Alarm".

'03 Bonnie &amp; Clyde

'03 Bonnie & Clyde is a single by rapper Jay-Z, featuring American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was taken from his ninth studio album "" (2002) and can also be found on the international editions of Beyoncé's first solo album "Dangerously in Love". Released in 2002, the song reached number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It was Jay-Z's second top ten single and Beyoncé's first top ten single as a solo artist. It also reached number two in the United Kingdom. The single is notable for causing drama between Jay-Z and Toni Braxton over what she said was a stolen sample. Jay-Z had to work with Suge Knight to secure the rights to cover this song from Tupac Shakur, because he made the original version of the song, which was called "Me and My Girlfriend". "Me and My Girlfriend" was on his 1996 classic "". Jay-Z also referenced this in his song "All I Need" from The Blueprint.

The music video for the song, which was directed by Chris Robinson, was nominated for "Best Hip-Hop Video" at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. However, it lost to Missy Elliott's "Work It." The name of the song is a reference to Eminem's song "'97 Bonnie and Clyde". 

There is a changed version of it called "Bonnie & Clyde '03" which has many of Beyoncé's vocals rather than Jay-Z's. It is included in her "Dangerously In Love" CD.


One Night Only

One Night Only is a song from the 1981 Broadway musical "Dreamgirls", with lyrics by Tom Eyen and music by Henry Krieger. In the context of the musical, "One Night Only" is performed twice in succession, as differing versions of the song - a soul ballad by the character Effie White and a disco version by her former bandmates Deena Jones & the Dreams - compete on the radio and the pop charts.

Both versions of "One Night Only" appear as one track on the original 1982 "Dreamgirls" Broadway cast album, performed by Jennifer Holliday as Effie and Sheryl Lee Ralph, Loretta Devine, and Deborah Burrell as Deena Jones & the Dreams. "One Night Only" was later covered on album by Elaine Page and Sylvester. Actor Hugh Jackman performed the song while hosting the 2004 Tony Awards ceremony, in a large production number featuring girl groups from the musicals "Caroline, or Change", "Hairspray", and "Little Shop of Horrors".

Releases of the single featured the different versions of the 2006 song.

Dangerously in Love 2

Knowles re-recorded the song for her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003), under the title "Dangerously in Love 2". Featuring a modified arrangement and background vocals by Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, Knowles's version received a generally positive response from music critics. In the U.S. the song went for radio airplay only and was never released as a single in other countries. No music video exists for the song, though the performance on her DVD "Live at Wembley" was shown frequently on BET.

Knowles frequently performed the song live — often as a prelude to "Crazy in Love" or her live cover of the Jill Scott song "He Loves Me". She performed "Dangerously in Love 2" at the 2004 Grammy Awards, where it won in the category of "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance".

Other versions of the Knowles solo version of the song include an a cappella, an instrumental and the Svella remix.

Green Light

Green Light is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, and Pharrell Williams for Knowles' second solo studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Co-produced by Pharrell and Beyoncé, it was released as fifth UK single on July 30 2007. The Freemasons remix of "Green Light" was on the BBC Radio 1 A-list by July 18 2007.

With the album version of the song being available digitally as soon as the album was released, it debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 152 after the video aired in July 2007. The album version peaked at number seventy-seven one week before the Freemasons remix became available. Because of heavy radio airplay of the Freemasons remix, as soon as it was available, the song climbed sixty places to number seventeen the following week, and then to number twelve, giving Knowles her eleventh top twenty hit in the UK. "Green Light" became Knowles's highest charting single on downloads alone on the UK Singles Chart without a prominent featured artist. The UK commercial CD single was cancelled at the last minute.

The album version was released in the Netherlands where it debuted on the Dutch Singles Chart at number 30.

Suga Mama

Suga Mama is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rich Harrison, and Makeba, and produced by Knowles and Harrison for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" (2006). It features a sample of Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers' song "Searching for Soul", which was written by Chuck Middleton. The music video for the song was released on television in the United Kingdom in April 2007.

The "Suga Mama" music video was released to UK music channels in April 2007. It is black-and-white and was co-directed by Melina and Knowles for the "B'Day Anthology Video Album", which was released the same month; it was one of eight videos shot in two weeks for the album. It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair, wearing men's clothing and smoking a cigar. She gets up and begins to pole dance. The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube, dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed, lying in a circle of light and riding a mechanical bull. Knowles said she is meant to "slowly become a woman" during the video, adding "Well, a sexier woman — I'm always a woman."

Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars, which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc. Though Knowles is from Texas, she had never previously been on mechanical bull. There were no problems during warm-ups, but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster, causing Knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot, leaning back and turning around. To minimise the time Knowles spent on the bull, the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second (see frame rate) and Knowles sang twice as quickly, but it was not until 4:00 a.m. that they completed work.

"Suga Mama" was included on the set list of Knowles's 2007 tour, The Beyoncé Experience, and "The Tennessean" wrote that the song "was even sexier and more gutbucket than on record". A remix of the song features rapper Consequence.

I Got That

"I Got That" is a single by rapper Amil featuring Beyoncé Knowles of Destiny's Child. It was the first single by Beyoncé and also it is currently the last solo single by Amil. Eve makes a cameo appearance in the video.


Jumpin' Jumpin'

"Jumpin', Jumpin'" is a song recorded by Destiny's Child. It was the fourth and final single from the group's second album, "The Writing's on the Wall". The single achieved success in various charts.

Byron Rittenhouse's voice is on the song saying "Uh huh, I ain't worried 'bout my girl a'ight" in response to Beyonce's line "I ain't thinking 'bout my man tonight".

Two official urban remixes for this song exist. One, known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro, while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil' Bow Wow, Da Brat and Jermaine Dupri. A video was filmed for the So So Def Remix later. Also, appearing as a second half of the So So Def Remix on the This Is the Remix (Destiny's Child album), Azza's Remix of Jumpin', Jumpin'. This version was a newly recorded version with slower singing and Kelly doing lead on chorus and high notes during break, and one of few remix songs from Writing's On The Wall that Farrah Franklin and Michelle are singing; the other being the WMBA version of the song.

Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer

Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles. It was released in the US on November 24, 2006. It features some of her exclusive footages in France, Japan, United Kingdom, New York among other places during her worldwide tour, the makings and music video.


Fighting Temptation

Fighting Temptation is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé and female rappers Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free in 2003 to promote the film "The Fighting Temptations", in which Beyoncé has a part. The song is part of the official soundtrack.

As it was released just one month after the second single from Beyoncé's "Dangerously in Love", "Baby Boy", the song did not become a big hit and failed to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100 and other important U.S. charts. However, the single received some attention from European countries, eventually peaking at number thirteen in the Netherlands. The film was also an instant success, mainly due to Beyoncé's success in Europe at that time.



Slaithwaite

Slaithwaite is a large village in the Colne Valley in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. It is placed alongside the Colne River.

Slaithwaite has a younger mean population than the rest of England, with a mean age of 38.4, compared to a mean of 39.3 in the rest of England.

Federal Constitutional Court

The Federal Constitutional Court is the supreme constitutional court of Germany. It does not hear ordinary criminal cases. Instead it deals with matters that affect the Constitution of Germany.

The Court is in Karlsruhe. This was to show it was separate from the federal government, first based in Bonn, and other federal bodies such as the German intelligence (BND) based in Munich.

Federal law helps to describe what the court can do, and how it works. Article 20.3 of the "Grundgesetz" says that each the three branches of the government – the parliament, the ministers and the courts – can only do what the constitution allows. The court can decide that acts of all three branches are not allowed by the constitution and prevent them from happening.

There are different reasons the court may find something unconstitutional:

Decisions of the court on material conflicts are applied through a federal law by the Federal Constitutional Court Act (BVerfGG).

The court only hear certain cases:

The court has 16 judges. They are divided into two groups, called senates, of eight judges. The chairman of one senate is also the President of the Court ("Chief Justice"). The chairman of the other senate is the vice president. Most cases are heard by a "chamber" which is three members of one senate. All three judges of the chamber must agree on a decision. A chamber has to use precedent ("past rulings"). If a chamber thinks a precedent should be changed they have to let the case be decided by the Senate as a whole. Similarly, if a Senate thinks a precedent set by the other Senate should be changed precedent of the must ask the "Plenum" (a meeting of all 16 judges).

Decisions by a Senate need an absolute majority of 5 votes (in some cases a two-thirds majority is required, that is, 6 out of 8 votes). The BVerfGG decides which type of cases a senate hears.

Four judges of each senate are elected by the Bundestag. The others are elected by the Bundesrat. Choosing a judge needs a two-thirds majority.

The judges have a 12-year term, but they must retire when reaching the age of 68. A judge must be at least 40 years old and must be a well-trained jurist. Three out of eight members of each Senate must have been a judge of a Federal Supreme Court. Of the other five members of each Senate, most judges have been a professor of law at a university, a public servant or a lawyer.

At the end of their term, most judges retire from public life. One notable exception was Roman Herzog, who was elected Federal President in 1994, shortly before the end of his term as President of the Court.


Kaaba

The Kaaba is a large cuboid-shaped building inside the mosque known as al-Masjid al-Haram in Makkah, Saudi Arabia. Muslims believe that the Kaaba was built by the command of Allah. The Kaaba’s original architecture has remained the same for centuries.

According to Islamic sources, the Kaaba was a place of worship for angels before the creation of men. After the creation of Adam, the Kaaba was built by him. According to Qur'an, it is the first house on Earth.

The Kaaba was buried under the sand by the Noah's flood. After a period of time, it was rebuilt by Prophet Abraham and his son, Prophet Ishmael.The Kaaba was a place of monotheism for centuries. Then Amr bin Luhayy brought an idol to the Kaaba. After that, the Kaaba became a place of pagan belief.

The Kaaba began to be managed by Muslims in 630 AD. Prophet Muhammad removed the idols. Also, the Kaaba was cleaned with sacred water (Zamzam) under his guidance.

The general architecture of the Kaaba remained the same until 1630 because people wanted to keep the original architecture. Only simple repairs and small decorations were made during this long period of time. In 1630, three walls of the Kaaba were heavily damaged by a storm. Then, it was restored by Murad IV, 17th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. The Kaaba has remained the same after this renovation.

The Kaaba is the holiest place in Islam. Muslims believe that the Kaaba is the House of God (Baitullah). Prophet Mohammed said the Sacred Mosque (Masjid al-Haram) is one of the three most important mosques on the Earth. 

Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage (hajj) once in a lifetime to the Kaaba. As it is the most holy place in Islam, all Muslims pray towards this when they perform the five fardh (necessary acts mentioned in the Qur'an) Salat or prayer. At the end of Hajj season, there is a holiday called Eid al-Adha (English: Festival of Sacrifice).

The Kaaba is a rectangular shaped building. It is 12 m long, 10 m wide, and 15 m high (33 feet x 50 feet x 45 feet).The Kaaba is made of blue-gray granite.

Inside the Kaaba, there are three pillars to support the roof. The floor is made of marble and the ceiling is covered with cloth. Gold and glass decorations are hanging between the pillars.

The Kaaba was first covered by Abu Karab As’ad, in 60 BC approximately. The cover was made of valuable materials, as a symbol of his respect for the Kaaba. After that, the Kaaba has been covered with the most valuable materials, following the tradition of showing respect.

The covers are produced by a factory every year, the factory was established only to produce the cover in 1927. The cover is replaced every year on the eve of Eid Al-Adha by 160 technicians.

The Kaaba’s cover contains Qur'anic verses. It is made of 450kgs of pure silk, and it includes hundreds of pounds of precious metals, 670 kgs of silver dyed black, about 120 kgs of pure gold and 50 kgs of silver. The cost of the cover is USD 4,534,325. The size of the cover is 658 square metres.

Five Pillars of Islam

The Five Pillars of Islam are five basic rules in Islam that all Muslims must follow.

The Five Pillars consist of :

EUX.TV

EUX.TV, or the Europe channel, is an independent digital television station from Brussels that talks about European matters.

http://eux.tv/

Awadhi language

Awadhi is an Indo-Aryan language. This language was spoken in a wide area including Lucknow and Ayoudhya (Awadh) earlier. Goswami Tulasidas wrote Ramcharitmanas, Geetavali, Kavitavali, and all his Shri Ram poems in this language.

Hindi is a much newer language derived on Awadhi.

Westdeutscher Rundfunk

The Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR, official "Westdeutscher Rundfunk Köln") is a German public-broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia with its main office in Cologne. WDR is a member of the consortium of German public-broadcasting institutions, ARD. The WDR produces the regional television service WDR Fernsehen (formerly known as WDF and West3) and six regional radio channels.


ARD (broadcaster)

ARD is a public broadcaster in Germany. The name is an abbreviation. It stands for "Arbeitsgemeinschaft der öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunkanstalten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland". This can be translated as "Consortium of public-law broadcasting institutions of the Federal Republic of Germany". The company is made of different regional broadcasters. It provides one of the two (publicly funded) television programmes in Germany, amongst other programmes. The other publicly funded TV program is called Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen (ZDF, in short).

It was founded in West Germany in 1950. It was made for common interests of the new, de-centralized post-war broadcasting services - in particular, the introduction of a joint television network.

ARD is made of the following regional broadcasters: BR, HR, MDR, NDR, Radio Bremen, RBB, SR, SWR, and WDR, as well as international broadcaster Deutsche Welle.

They make a total of 54 regional and local radio stations and networks, two nationwide radio channels, and seven regional TV networks. During certain parts of the day some of these split even further.

Deutsche Welle

The DW (Deutsche Welle) (until 5 February 2012: Deutsche Welle) is Germany's international broadcaster. It broadcasts news and information on shortwave, Internet and satellite radio in 29 languages (DW (RADIO)).

It has a satellite television service (DW (TV)) that is available in four languages, and there is also DW.DE, a 30-language online news site. "DW", which in English means "German Wave", is similar to international broadcasters such as the BBC World Service, Radio Canada International, Voice of America, and Radio France Internationale.

On 6 February 2012 Deutsche Welle was completely relaunched and now operates only as DW.

Since October 28, 2021, the site of Deutsche Welle can't be opened in Belarus.


Guildford Dudley

Guildford Dudley (1536 - 12 February 1554) was the husband of Lady Jane Grey. He was executed along with Jane on February 12 1554.

Guildford (also spelled as Guilford) was the son of John Dudley, the Earl of Warwick and later Duke of Northumberland and Jane Guildford (that was how he got his unusual name). He was very handsome, but arrogant and selfish because his mother spoiled him ever since he was a child.

In 1553, Guildford was told by his father that he was to marry Lady Jane Grey. Like many other people in the sixteenth century, Guildford complied. However, Jane did not want to marry Guildford because she thought he was rude. Jane only agreed after her parents had beaten and whipped her. 
When Jane became queen, in July 1553, they got into an argument about Guildford becoming king. Guildford claimed than he should be king, but Jane did not believe that Guildford had the qualities to become king. She said she would make him duke, but Guildford was unhappy. Guildford and his mother attempted to leave the Tower of London, but Jane had him brought back. Jane lost the throne on July 19 1553.

At first, Guildford and Jane were allowed to visit each other, but only in the garden. However, for the last few months of their lives, they were not allowed to visit each other anymore.
A few days before their execution, Guildford asked Jane if they could visit one last time, but Jane refused.
On February 12 1554, Guildford was executed and, unlike his wife, he was not very calm when he went to his death. Days before his death, he cried endlessly. However, on the day he was executed, he was calm. At the sight of the block, however, he lost his courage and cried again. He is said to have cried "Pray for me!" many times.


Medical papyri

The medical papyri (or medical papyruses) are a set of ancient Egyptian texts that give background info on medical practices from ancient Egyptian times. The papyri give details on disease, diagnostics, and remedies of disease, which also have traditional methods and with magical spells. 

It is thought there were more medical papyri, but many have been lost due to grave robbing. The largest study of the medical papyri to date has was undertaken by Berlin University and was titled "Medizin der alten Agypter" (Medicine of ancient Egypt).

Early Egyptian medicine was based on a mixture of magic and religious spells. Most commonly "cured" by use of amulets or magical spells, the illnesses were thought to be caused by spiteful acts or actions. Afterwards, doctors did various medical treatments if needed. The instructions for these medical rituals were later inscribed on papyrus scrolls by the priests performing the actions.



Tibetan Book of the Dead

The Tibetan Book of the Dead is a religious text from Tibet, written as a guide for persons attending someone who is dying or recently dead, to bring comfort and " ". It includes prayers, instructions for both dying persons and their attendants, and descriptions of the afterlife. (Roman Catholicism has comparable rituals, called or Last Rites.) The book has been translated into many languages, including English.

In the 1960s, professors Timothy Leary, Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert (later known as Baba Ram Dass) collaborated on a book titled "", which adapted portions of the "Book of the Dead" as a guide for use in LSD experiences. They hoped to give users of LSD a simulation of death and , to "liberate" them from past problems or mistakes in their lives. Many persons did have positive results from their book. Others pursued it like a , and were not helped or changed for the better.

John Lennon of The Beatles adapted the adaptation in turn, using many of the book's ideas for his song "Tomorrow Never Knows". He later "The Psychedelic Experience", calling it "that stupid book of Leary's," but his song spread its influence. This book has real life experiences between life and death situations.


ChalkZone

ChalkZone is an American children's animated television series. It is about a boy named Rudy. Rudy has a magic chalk. When Rudy draws on the board with the magic chalk, it lets him go to a chalk world called Chalk Zone. Whatever he draws on the chalk board, or in Chalk Zone, comes to life.



Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor

The F-22 Raptor is a fighter plane made by Lockheed Martin. It first flew in 1990 and entered service in the United States Air Force in 2005. Because it is very expensive and dogfighting isn't common today, there aren't as many of them as other fighter planes. It is a stealth plane, which means it is very hard to see on radar. It can hold 6 radar-guided medium-range AIM-120 AMRAAM missiles and 2 heat-seeking, short-range AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles, but there are other payloads it can hold. Its top speed is 1,500 miles per hour, which is 2.2 times the speed of sound. It features thrust vectoring, where the plane's thrust nozzles turn to help turn it faster. Thrust vectoring is very useful in dogfights.

The F-22 Raptor is a 5th generation fighter and is a very expensive plane to produce. In order to protect the F-22 Raptor's stealth technology and other secrets, the U.S. has not sold the F-22 Raptor to other countries. If they do, they will be export versions and not as powerful as the ones used by the U.S.

Su-57 - Russian counterpart of the F-22.

F-35 - A similar American 5th generation plane, except it is a multirole jet instead of a fighter.

Edom

Edom is a name given to Esau, the brother of Jacob, in the Hebrew Bible. It also means the nation that came from him. The nation's name in Assyrian was Udumi. In Syriac it was '. In Greek, it was ' (Idoumaía). In Latin, it was ' or '.

The Edomite people were a Semitic-speaking tribal people. They lived in the Negev Desert and the Arabah valley. The Arabah valley is now the south of Dead Sea and next to the Jordan. The area has much red sandstone. This may have made the name "Edom". The nation of Edom is known to have existed back to the 8th or 9th century BC. The Bible dates it back several centuries further. Recent archaeological proof may show an Edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century BC. However, people are not completely sure. Others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are right. The nation stopped being a settled state after the Jewish-Roman Wars.

Hollywood (song)

Hollywood is the fourth single from Jay-Z's ninth studio album "Kingdom Come" (2007). The song features Jay-Z's longtime girlfriend, singer Beyoncé. The song is also featured on Beyoncé's B'Day Deluxe Edition with more of Beyoncé's vocals and less of Jay-Z's under the title "Welcome To Hollywood". 

A video for Jay-Z's album version does not exist but an official video was created for "Welcome to Hollywood" using clips of different Beyoncé videos (much like the "Lose My Breath" megamix on the Destiny's Child Fan Pack II). The video is played as an interlude on Beyoncé's B'Day Tour, The Beyoncé Experience.

Summertime (song)

Summertime is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé featuring rapper P. Diddy in 2003. The song was the second and final single released to promote the movie "The Fighting Temptations", in which Knowles plays the leading lady. The song is not featured in the movie but is part of the official soundtrack. It first appeared as a B-side to Knowles' 2003 smash hit "Crazy in love".

As it was released just seven days after the third single from Knowles' "Dangerously in Love", "Me, Myself and I", the song did not become a big hit and an official music video was never shot for it. The song however was part of the set list on Knowles' Dangerously in Love World Tour.


Fabaceae

Fabaceae is the systematic name of the plant family that is commonly known as the Pea family. It consists of three subgroups: Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae and Papilionoideae (or better Faboideae). In modern systems like APG II this family Fabaceae is closely related to Quillajaceae, Polygalaceae or milkworts (including the families Diclidantheraceae, Moutabeaceae, and Xanthophyllaceae), and Surianaceae.

The leaves are usually alternate and compound, in the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae commonly bipinnate (e.g. "Acacia", "Mimosa"). In many species the leaves have structures evolved to attract ants, that, being predatory, protect the plant from herbivore insects. Extrafloral nectaries -a gland secreting nectar -are common among the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae and are also found in some Faboideae (e.g. vetches "Vicia sativa"). Fabaceae are typically entomophilous plants (i.e. they are pollinated by insects) and the flower are usually showy to attract the pollinators.

In the Mimosoideae the flowers are radial symmetric or actinomorphic. In the Caesalpinioideae and Faboideae (see diagram) are most often zygomorphic or bilateral in simmetry.



List of political parties in Germany

This is a list of political parties in Germany.

Germany has a multi-party system. There are two large parties, three smaller parties, and a number of minor parties.

The last federal elections were held in September 2021.

These parties currently have seats in the German parliament, the "Bundestag," sorted by the number of seats:








Federal Convention (Germany)

The Bundesversammlung, or "Federal Convention", is a special federal body in Germany.

It is made up of all of the members of the Bundestag, plus an equal number of delegates elected by the parliaments of the Länder. Those delegates don't have to be memebers of the Länder parliaments; sometimes celebrities are chosen.

The convention usually has for about 1200 members. The only task of the Bundesversammlung is to elect the Federal President.

The Bundesversammlung is called to meet by the President of the Bundestag, and the President of the Bundestag acts as Chairman of the Bundesversammlung.

The Bundesversammlung meets at least thirty days before the end of the Federal President's term of office ends, in order to elect the next president. If the Federal President dies or is impeached, the Bundesversammlung meets within 30 days.

The Bundesversammlung does not hold debates or question any of the candidates for president.
It chooses the next Federal President by an absolute majority vote. If no-one has an absolute majority on the first and second ballot, then they hold a third ballot, and the winner is the person who has the highest number of votes.

Friedrich Ebert

Friedrich Ebert (4 February 1871 in Heidelberg – 28 February 1925 in Berlin) was a German politician. He was apart of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He was Chancellor of Germany and its first president during the Weimar period.

Ebert was a social democrat. He became leader of the SPD in 1913, when the last leader August Bebel died. He was an important part of the German Revolution of 1918–19, and when Germany became a republic he became the first Chancellor. His goal was to make Germany more peaceful. He did this by putting down the Left-wing and Right-wing revolutions, working with the right-wing Freikorps and the left-wing Trade unionss.

He was Chancellor until he died on 28 February 1925 from Septic Shock. He is praised for helping the Weimar Republic when it had only just been made, but people also say he was wrong for working with the right-wing, and that it helped Adolf Hitler come to power.

Walter Simons

Walter Simons (24 September 1861 in Elberfeld - 14 July 1937 in Nowawes) was a German politician. He was president of the German Supreme Court from 1922 to 1929. After the death of Friedrich Ebert in February 1925 he was the second acting president of the Weimar Republic from 12 March 1925 to 12 May 1925 (the first acting president was Hans Luther) when the next president, Paul von Hindenburg, was elected and assumed office.

Full Moon (album)

Full Moon is the third studio album by R&B singer Brandy Norwood. It contains the hit songs like "What About Us", "Another Day In Paradise" and "Full Moon".

U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To)

U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To) – The Remix EP is the first EP by American R&B singer Brandy Norwood, released in 1999. It was released for promotional use only.

During 1999, her record company, Atlantic Records, released a 9-track remix EP entitled "U Don't Know Me... Like U Used To – The Remix EP". The album contains remix versions with Da Brat, Ma$e, Fat Joe, Big Pun, Darkchild, DJ Premier and many other artists and producers. The album is seen as a maxi-single so the peak positions are the same as the peak positions of the single. The songs on "U Don't Know Me" did not have much success with a peak position of #79 on the U.S. Hot 100, 50 in Canada and 25 in the UK. The album's lead single was "U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To) [Remix]".

The Boy Is Mine

The Boy Is Mine is an R&B song by singers Brandy and Monica. It was written by LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins and Brandy Norwood for Norwood's second studio album "Never Say Never" (1998) but eventually released as the lead single off of both singers' second albums during the second quarter of 1998 (see 1998 in music). Co-produced by Darkchild, Brandy and Dallas Austin, "The Boy Is Mine" has become one of the most successful R&B singles of all time. The song's lyrics tell a story about two women disputing the love of a man and were inspired by Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson's 1982 duet "The Girl Is Mine."

The song was number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 for 13 weeks in a row. It finished as the second-best performing song of 1998 on that chart.

ETA (separatist group)

ETA was one of Europe’s most well known and long-running terrorist groups. It was founded in 1959 from what was left of EKIN, another radical Basque separatist group. Both EKIN and ETA were created because of discontent with the moderate nationalism of the main Basque political party, the Basque National Party. ETA committed hundreds of attacks in Spain. It had ties with other terrorist groups both inside and outside the Basque region. These included the Provisional Irish Republican Army and Colombia’s FARC.

Most of ETA’s terror attacks targeted businesses and Spanish government officials, especially members of the security services and the judiciary, but it also targeted civilians. Its most common tactics were bombing and assassination. Its attacks took place mostly in the Basque Country, Madrid and Catalonia. Similar to the IRA, ETA sometimes issued warnings before the attacks.

The group assassinated Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco in December 1973. At the time, Blanco was seen by many as the most likely successor to Spain’s dictator, Francisco Franco. He was killed when an underground bomb exploded underneath his car. More than twenty years later, ETA nearly assassinated Jose Maria Aznar, an opposition politician who later became prime minister. In 1987, ETA killed 21 people in Barcelona using a car bomb.

The status of the Basque homeland changed significantly with the end of Francisco Franco's regime and the return of democracy in 1979. Franco tried to suppress Basque nationalism and separatism. The new democratic government offered significant autonomy to the Basque provinces. In a deal struck in 1980, the Basque region acquired its own parliament similarly to the other regions in Spain. It was also allowed to have its own independent tax legislation. In addition, the language Euskara became more prominent in public culture and education. However, the new autonomous region did not deter the radical separatists that comprised ETA. ETA has committed approximately 900 murders and dozens of kidnappings.

ETA’s activity has changed over the years. The group has attempted several ceasefires, including a 14-month one that lasted until December 1999. While there have been a number of ETA attacks since 2000, the group has claimed fewer victims. It is believed to be shrinking. Spanish officials believe that recent crackdowns have led to a serious weakening of the group and sense that its future as a terrorist organization may be limited. There are more than one hundred suspected ETA members in Spanish prisons today.

ETA has done sporadic attacks, including bombings in September 2004, December 2005, and early 2006. However, these bombings were generally preceded by warnings and did not result in any deaths.

In March 2006, ETA declared a permanent ceasefire and said it would join the political process. The decision may have been linked to the 2004 Madrid train bombings, which killed nearly 200 people. The attack was originally blamed on ETA, though it was soon discovered to be the work of militant Islamists linked to al-Qaeda. Like the IRA, ETA leaders may have felt that the mass casualty terrorism practiced by some radical Islamist groups discredited its violent tactics—though this is not known for certain. ETA had a secretive leadership structure.

In June 2007, ETA declared its March 2006 ceasefire null-and-void. Many had seen ETA’s December 2006 bombing of an airport parking garage as an indication that the truce would not hold. An ETA spokesperson accused the Spanish government of interfering in Basque local elections as well as continuing with the prosecution and conviction of ETA members during the ceasefire. ETA did not officially renounce violence or initiate steps to decommission its weapons (as the IRA did in July 2005) as part of its ceasefire declaration. ETA ceasefires have deteriorated into violence before.

On 20 October 2011, ETA announced publicly the definite cessation of its armed activities. Although it vowed to continue to seek an independent Basque state. It was announced in 2 prominent nationalist newspapers, Gara and Berria.

In May 2018 ETA announced that it was formally disbanding. The move marked the end of a half-century of violence that had claimed the lives of more than 800 people. 

Petr Eben

Petr Eben (Žamberk, 22 January 1929; died Prague 24 October 2007) was a Czech composer and organist. Many musicians think of him as the most important Czech composer of the late 20th century. He was known world wide for his organ playing. He was especially good at improvisation.

Eben grew up in Český Krumlov in south Bohemia. He learned to play the piano, and later the cello and organ. Because his father was a Jew he had to leave school in 1943 and spent the rest of the war years in concentration camp in Buchenwald. In the camp he saw many terrible things, including graves into which the Nazis were throwing lots of murdered Jews. These terrible things influenced his music in later years. He had a strong faith and this helped him to survive during 40 years of living in Czechoslovakia under communist rule.

After the war he went to Prague Academy for Music where he studied the piano with František Rauch and composition with Pavel Bořkovec. In 1955 he got a job as lecturer at Charles University in Prague. He stayed there until 1990. He was the country’s best composer, and he should have had promotion, but the communist politicians did not allow this. He went to church every Sunday with his family. This did not help his career in a communist state.

After the Velvet Revolution in 1989, when his country became free from the Soviet Union, he started to become a national hero. He was made Professor of Composition and president of the Prague Spring Music Festival. Many music festivals performed his compositions, and he traveled to hear the concerts in spite of the fact that he was starting to become ill. His music was often played in England, where he had spent two years as professor of composition at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester from 1978 to 1979. In March 2007 the BBC Symphony Orchestra under their Czech conductor Jiří Bělohlávek performed his "Vox Clamantis", a work he had written in 1968 which shows the Czech people’s longing to be free.

Eben continued during his lifetime to develop the style of music in which he wrote. He was interested in Czech folk music and he wrote down many folk songs that he heard in Moravia. He listened to plainchant in church music. All this helped him to develop his own style of composition. He is best-known abroad for his organ music, especially works such as "Musica Dominicalis" ("Sunday Music") which includes a popular piece called "Moto Ostinato". Other organ works include "Faust" (1980), "Job" (1987) and "A Festive Voluntary" which is a set of variations on the tune of "Good King Wenceslas", written for the reopening in 1986 of the organ at Chichester Cathedral which had just been restored. He also wrote a lot of music for orchestra as well as chamber music. He composed some beautiful music for children’s choir, including church music called "Liturgical Songs".

Czech

Czech might mean:


Totalitarianism

Totalitarianism is when regimes (political systems) control all public behavior and as much of private behavior as they can. No elections are held, or if they are, candidates must be approved by the ruling group. Physical force and/or arrests and detentions are used on people who protest against the regime. There are events such as parades or rallies. These suggest to the people that the ruling group is in complete control.

For some, totalitarianism is as old as history. Main examples in modern times are Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, North Korea, the Soviet Union, and Eritrea. 

There are other countries which had dictatorships, but never reached full totalitarianism. Italian fascism under Benito Mussolini, Spain under General Franco, Portugal under Dr. Salazar, China under Mao Zedong, and many Latin American countries for periods were dictatorships with some aspects of totalitarianism. Some African countries have been dictatorships for long periods (e.g. Zimbabwe). The Empire of Japan (predecessor state of the modern nation state of Japan) was a well-known example of a totalitarian military dictatorship during World War II. The satire "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell was about such a society taken to extremes.

According to some, authoritarianism "does not attempt to change the world and human nature". In contrast, a totalitarian regime attempts to control virtually all aspects of the social life, including the economy, education, art, science, private life and morals of citizens.


Gothic metal

Gothic metal is a heavy metal genre. It is fusion of gothic rock, doom metal and death metal.


Lüneburg

Lüneburg is a city in Lower Saxony in north Germany. It is about 50 km southeast of Hamburg. It is the capital of the District of Lüneburg. About 102,660 people live there.

The Ilmenau River, a tributary of the Elbe, flows through Lüneburg.

In the Middle Ages, it was Principality and the town was very rich due to the salt trade. Salt used to be transported along the Old Salt Route to the Baltic Sea from where it was sent by ship to other countries. There were salt mines near the town for a thousand years. Salt mining stopped in 1980. The salt mining caused a lot of deforestation. The countryside changed into heathland which is called the Lüneburger Heide (Lüneburg Heath).

On May 23, 1945, the Nazi war criminal Heinrich Himmler committed suicide in Lüneburg after he had been captured by the British Army. He swallowed a potassium cyanide capsule before his interrogation could begin.

Lüneburg is twinned with Scunthorpe, England.

Paul von Hindenburg

Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg (2 October 1847 – 2 August 1934) was a German field marshal and statesman.

Hindenburg retired from the army in 1911. He rejoined the German army at the start of the First World War. He became famous when he won the Battle of Tannenberg in 1914.

Hindenburg retired again in 1919, but returned to public life one more time in 1925 to be elected as the second President of Germany.

He was 84 years old and in poor health, but deciced to run for re-election in 1932 as the only candidate who could defeat Adolf Hitler, because he saw him as a dangerous extremist. He tried to stop Hitler's and the Nazi Party's rise to power, but Franz von Papen persuaded Hindenburg, that the Conservative elite and the military could control Hitler when he becomes Chancellor of Germany and that the other more dangerous alternative was Communist rule. 

As a result, Hindenburg appointed Hitler as Chancellor on 30 January 1933. But von Papen's belief in controlling Hitler and his assurances to Hindenburg did not happen, because Hitler started to control them and gain more power. In March he signed the Enabling Act of 1933 which gave special powers to Hitler and his government. 

With this act, Hitler became a dictator in the next months, and crushed all opposition and banned all political parties, except the Nazi Party by the summer of 1933. Hindenburg died the next year, after which Hitler declared the office of President vacant and made himself Führer (Head of State and Head of Government) of Germany.

The famous zeppelin "Hindenburg" that was destroyed by fire in 1937 had been named in his honour, as is the causeway joining the island of Sylt to mainland Schleswig-Holstein, the Hindenburgdamm, built during his time in office.

In 1925, Hindenburg had no interest in running for public office. After the first round Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz, one of the leaders of the DNVP, visited Hindenburg and asked him to run.

Hindenburg eventually agreed to run in the second round of the elections as a non-party independent, although he was a conservative. Because he was Germany's greatest war hero, Hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on 26 April 1925.

He was helped when the Bavarian People's Party (BVP), switched its support from Marx, the SPD candidate and the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) to did not withdraw its candidate, Ernst Thälmann. If they had their supporters would most likely have voted for the SPD and Hindenburg may not have won.

Hindenburg tried to stay out of day-to-politics, and be a ceremonial president. He liked the monarchy, but took his oath to the Weimar Constitution seriously.

Hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and, that politics was full of ideas like economics that he did not understand.

His advisers included his son, Oskar, his old army aide General Wilhelm Groener, and General Kurt von Schleicher. The younger Hindenburg served as his father's aide-de-camp and controlled politicians' access to the President.

Schleicher came up with the idea of "Presidential government", and the "25/48/53 formula".

Under a "Presidential" government the chancellor is responsible to the president), and not the Reichstag. The "25/48/53 formula" was the three articles of the Constitution that could make a "Presidential government" possible:

Schleicher's wanted to have Hindenburg appoint a chancellor that Schleicher chose. If that chancellor needed any laws he could use article 48. If the Reichstag should threaten to cancel any of those laws, Hindenburg could threaten a dissolution, and call new elections. Hindenburg did not like the idea, but was pressured into going along with them by his son and his other advisors.

The first try at "presidential government" in 1926–1927 failed for lack of political support. During the winter of 1929–1930, Schleicher had a series of secret meetings with Heinrich Brüning, the leader of the Catholic Center Party ("Zentrum").

Schleicher then set about splitting the "Grand Coalition" government of the Social Democrats and the German People’s Party. As a result, the government fell in March 1930 and Brüning was named Chancellor by Hindenburg.

Brüning's first act was to introduce a budget calling for steep spending cuts and sharp tax increases. When the budget was defeated in July, Brüning had Hindenburg sign the budget as an emergency law under Article 48. When the Reichstag voted to cancel the budget, Brüning had Hindenburg dissolve Reichstag only two years into its mandate, and had the budget passed again by Article 48. The Nazis got 17% of the vote in the September 1930 elections. The Communist Party of Germany also made gains.

Brüning ruled through Article 48; the Social Democrats never voted not to cancel his Article 48 bills in order not to have another election that could only benefit the Nazis and the Communists.

In the first round of the election held in March 1932, Hindenburg was the frontrunner, but did not have an absolute majority. In the runoff election of April 1932, Hindenburg beat Hitler for the Presidency.

After the presidential elections had ended, Schleicher held a series of secret meetings with Hitler in May 1932, and thought that Hitler had agreed to support the new "presidential government" Schleicher was building.

In May 1932 Schleicher had Hindenburg sack Groener as Defence Minister to humiliate both Groener and Brüning. On 31 May 1932, Hindenburg sacked Brüning as Chancellor and replaced him with Schleicher's suggestion, Franz von Papen.

von Papen's government openly wanted to destroy German democracy. Like Brüning's government, von Papen's government was a "presidential government" that governed through the use of Article 48.

As Schleicher wanted, Hindenburg dissolved the Reichstag and set new elections for July 1932. Schleicher and von Papen both believed that the Nazis would win the majority of the seats and would support von Papen's government.

The Nazi party did become the largest party in the Reichstag, and expected Hitler would be Chancellor. When Hindenburg met Hitler on 13 August 1932, in Berlin, Hindenburg rejected Hitler's demands for the Chancellorship.

The minutes of the meeting were kept by Otto Meißner, the Chief of the Presidential Chancellery. According to the minutes:

Hindenburg issued a press release about his meeting with Hitler that seemed to say that Hitler had demanded absolute power and that the President had refused. Hitler was enraged by this press release.

When the Reichstag met in September 1932, its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in von Papen’s government. In response, von Papen had Hindenburg dissolve the Reichstag for elections in November 1932. In the 1949 constitution, a vote of no confidence must be accompanied by the election of a new chancellor, so this could not happen.

In the second Reichstag elections of 1932 the Nazis lost some support, but stayed the largest party in the Reichstag. There ensued another round of talks between Hindenburg, von Papen, von Schleicher on the one hand and Hitler and the other Nazi leaders on the other.

Hitler still demanded that Hindenburg give him the Chancellorship. Hindenburg could not accept this, so von Papen suggested Hindenburg declare martial law and do away with democracy.

Von Papen got Oscar Hindenburg to support the plan, and they persuaded the president to ignore his oath to the Constitution and go along with this plan. Schleicher saw von Papen as a threat so he blocked the martial law plan by saying it would make the Nazi SA and the Communist Red Front Fighters rebel, and that the Poles would invade and the Reichswehr would be unable to cope.

Hindenburg hated the idea of Hitler as Chancellor, but under pressure from Meißner, von Papen and Oskar Hindenburg the President decided to appoint Hitler Chancellor. On the morning of 30 January 1933, Hindenburg swore Hitler in as Chancellor at the Presidential Palace.

Hindenburg played key role in the Nazi "Machtergreifung" (Seizure of Power) in 1933. He was not involved in the planning, but did not stop Hitler. In the "Government of National Concentration" headed by Hitler, the Nazis were in the minority. Most of the ministers were from the von Papen and von Schleicher governments. Besides Hitler, the only other Nazi ministers were Hermann Göring and Wilhelm Frick.

Hindenburg thought that the Nazis' power was limited, especially as his favourite politician, von Papen, was the Vice-Chancellor and the Reich Commissioner for Prussia.

Hitler's first act as Chancellor was to ask Hindenburg to dissolve the Reichstag so that the Nazis and D.N.V.P. could increase their number of seats, Hindenburg agreed.

In early February 1933, von Papen had an Article 48 bill signed into law that limited the freedom of press. After the Reichstag fire, Hindenburg signed into law the "Reichstag Fire Decree".

At the opening of the new "Reichstag" on 21 March 1933, at the Kroll Opera House, the Nazis staged an elaborate ceremony, in which Hindenburg played the leading part, that was meant to mark the continuity between the Prussian-German tradition and the new Nazi state.

The ceremony at the Kroll Opera House had the effect of reassuring many Germans, especially conservative Germans, that life would be fine under the new regime. On 23 March 1933, Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act into law.

Hindenburg was still very popular, but his health was getting worse. The Nazis made sure that whenever Hindenburg did appear in public Hitler was with him, and that Hitler was always very respectful to the President. The Nazi propagandists hoped people would think Hindenburg liked Hitler, and Hitler would become more popular, but privately Hitler and Hindenburg disliked and distrusted each other.

The only time Hindenburg ever tried to stop a Nazi bill was in early April 1933. The Reichstag had passed a "Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service". This said that all Jewish civil servants working for the "Reich", the "Länder", or the local districts should be sacked immediately.

Hindenburg refused to sign this bill into law unless all Jewish veterans of World War I, Jewish civil servants who served in the civil service during the war and those Jewish civil servants whose fathers were veterans were allowed to stay in office. Hitler agreed, in order to get the law signed, even though he believed that the Jews had tried to undermine Germany during the Great War. It was Hindenburg who said that Germany lost the First World War because of politicians and others "stabbing the Army in the back". Hindenburg did not believe the story. He said it so that his wartime deputy Erich von Ludendorff would not write bad things in his memoirs. But Hitler did believe the story, and used it to gain power.

Hindenburg stayed president until he died from lung cancer at his home in "Neudeck", East Prussia on 2 August 1934.

One day before Hindenburg's death, Hitler flew to "Neudeck" and visited him. Hindenburg, old and senile, thought he was meeting Kaiser Wilhelm II, and called Hitler "Your Majesty".

He would be Germany's last president until 1945, when Karl Dönitz was appointed president in Hitler's last will. Following Hindenburg's death, Hitler declared the office of President to be permanently vacant, effectively merging it with the office of Chancellor under the title of Leader and Chancellor ("Führer und Reichskanzler"), making himself Germany's Head of State and Head of government.

Hindenburg was buried in the Tannenberg Memorial near Tannenberg, East Prussia (today: Stębark, Poland). But Hindenburg always said he wanted to be buried next to his wife, whose body was taken from the cemetery and buried beside him in the Tannenberg Memorial. In 1945, German troops removed his and his wife's coffins, to save them from the approaching Soviet troops, and blew up the memorial with explosives. They were transported to Speyer and were buried in the Speyer Cathedral.



Sharon Osbourne

Sharon Rachel Osbourne ( Levy; born 9 October 1952) is a British-American music manager, television personality, and talent show judge. Osbourne first became famous on "The Osbournes" which was a reality show that showed Osbourne and her family in their daily lives. 

Sharon was born at Westminster Hospital in London, She is youngest child of Don Arden and Hope Shaw, She have a one brother David. 

She has also been a judge on the talent shows "The X Factor" and "America's Got Talent". Her autobiography, "Extreme", which Osbourne wrote about her life, was very successful and has sold 2 million copies.

She has recovered from colorectal cancer. She is married to the rock singer Ozzy Osbourne and she has three children with him named Kelly Osbourne, Jack Osbourne and Aimee Osbourne.


Full Moon

Full Moon may refer to:


Summertime

Summertime means a time in Summer, one of the temperate seasons, and it could also mean: 

In music:

In movie, television, and theatre:

In timekeeping:

Listen

Listen could mean:



Cy Young

Denton True "Cy" Young (March 29, 1867 – November 4, 1955) was an American baseball player. He was a pitcher for five different professional baseball teams from 1890 to 1911. He set many pitching records during his 22-year career in Major League Baseball (MLB), some of which have stood for 100 years. When Young retired from baseball, he had won a total of 511 games in his career, the most in MLB history and 94 more wins than Walter Johnson, who is second on the list.

In 1956, the MLB created the Cy Young Award. The award is given each year to the pitcher who is voted the most effective in each of the two leagues. Young was voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1939. During his professional career, Young won 30 or more games in a season five times, with ten other seasons of 20+ wins. He also pitched three no-hitters, including the first perfect game of baseball's "modern era."

In addition to wins, Young holds the MLB records for most career innings pitched (7,355), most career games started (815), and most complete games (749). He also retired with 316 losses, the most in MLB history (the only other pitcher with more than 300 career losses was Pud Galvin). Young also had 76 career shutouts, the fourth most in history.

In 1999, 88 years after his final Major League appearance and 44 years after his death, editors at "The Sporting News" ranked Cy Young 14th on their list of "Baseball's 100 Greatest Players". That same year, baseball fans named Young to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.

Young was born in Gilmore, Ohio, a farming community in eastern Ohio. Young went by the name "Dent Young" in his early years.
He was raised on a farm and was sometimes called "Farmer Young" and "Farmboy Young". Young stopped going to school after he finished 6th grade.

Young began his professional career in 1889 with the Canton, Ohio team of the Tri-State League, a professional minor league. The catcher who warmed up Young gave him the nickname "Cyclone" because of the speed of his fastball. Reporters then shortened the name to "Cy". "Cy" became the nickname which he used the rest of his life.

In 1890, Young signed for $500 with the Cleveland Spiders, which had moved up from the American Association to the National League the previous year.

Two years later, the National League moved the pitcher's mound from away from the home plate (where it had been since 1881) to . In the book "The Neyer/James Guide to Pitchers", sports journalist Rob Neyer wrote that the reason for the move was that pitchers like Cy Young, Amos Rusie, and Jouett Meekin threw too fast at the shorter distance.

On September 18, 1897, Young pitched the first no-hitter of his career in a game against the Cincinnati Reds. Although Young did not walk a batter, the Spiders committed four errors while on defense.

Before the 1899 season, Frank Robison, the owner of the Spiders, bought the St. Louis Browns, thus owning two clubs at the same time. Just weeks before the start of the season, most of the better Spiders players were transferred to St. Louis, including three future Hall of Famers: Young, Jesse Burkett and Bobby Wallace. Despite the changes in the team members, St. Louis finished fifth in both 1899 and 1900. The Spiders lost 134 games, the most in MLB history, before folding.

In 1901, Young left St. Louis and joined the American League's Boston Americans for a $3,500 contract. Young stayed with the Boston team until 1909.

Young was traded back to Cleveland before the 1909 season, this time to the Cleveland Naps of the American League. He split 1911, his final year, between the Naps and the Boston Rustlers.

On September 22, 1911, Young shut out the Pittsburgh Pirates and their pitcher Babe Adams 1-0, for his last career win. However, two weeks later, Young's 906th and final game ended badly: the last eight batters of Young's career combined to hit a triple, four singles and three doubles.

Young retired after the 1911 season with 511 career wins. His win total set the record for most career wins by a pitcher. At the time, Pud Galvin had the second most career wins with 364. Walter Johnson, then in his fourth season, finished his career with 417 wins and is now second on the list. However, Johnson broke Young's career record for strikeouts.

Cy Young's career is seen as a bridge from baseball's earliest days to its modern era. When Young's career began, pitchers delivered the baseball underhand and fouls were not counted as strikes. The pitcher's mound was not moved back to its present position of 60 feet, six inches until Young's fourth season. He did not wear a glove until his sixth.

Particularly after his fastball slowed, Young's success relied upon his great control. Young said:

By habit, Young restricted his practice throws in spring training. "I figured the old arm had just so many throws in it," said Young, "and there wasn't any use wasting them." Young once described his approach before a game:
Young also said that his offseason farming chores, including wood chopping, kept his pitching arm in good shape until he was 44. Even at the time of his retirement, his arm was healthy, but Young had gained weight and was unable to field his position anymore. In three of his last four years, he was the oldest player in the league.

The first Cy Young Award was voted on in 1956, and was given to Brooklyn's Don Newcombe. Originally, it was a single award covering the whole of baseball. The honor was divided into two Cy Young Awards in 1967, one for each league.

Young was saluted in the poem "Lineup for Yesterday" by Ogden Nash:
"Y is for Young," 
"The magnificent Cy;" 
"People batted against him," 
"But I never knew why."

Arabic alphabet

The Arabic alphabet is an abjad that is used to write several languages of the Middle East such as Arabic, Persian, Pashto and Urdu. The script is the third most widely used script in the world, after the Latin and Chinese scripts.

The script is written from right to left. When it is used to write the Arabic language, the script has 28 different letters. Usually only consonants are written in an abjad. Vowels are omitted most of the time. The Arabic script is a cursive script. This means that letters of a word are joined together, both in handwriting and in print. Each letter can have up to four different forms. Which of the forms is used depends on the letters before and after it. There is no different form for uppercase letters and lowercase letters. 

There are two basic modern variants of the Arabic script. One is called Naskh, it is the one commonly used for printing. The most common script in everyday life is called Kufic, after the city Kufa, in Iraq, where it was developed. There are several variants of both scripts.

The alphabet can also be used to write numbers, which was common in the Middle Ages. They are less used today and usually replaced by Latin-alphabet ("Arabic") numbers. 

When the alphabet is used to write numbers, ' () is 1, ' () is 2, "" () is 3 and so on. That is sometimes used to produce chronograms in which specific letters, interpreted as numerals, stand for a particular date when they are rearranged.

For dictionaries, it is necessary to put the letters into a predetermined sequence, which is usually called sort order, or alphabetical order. The Arabic script has two sort orders: The one, "abjid", derives from the position of the letters in the Phoenician alphabet. The other, "hijā," sorts letters by similarity of shape.

As Islam spread throughout the Middle East, North Africa, and Asia, Arabic spread along with it. Islam requires its followers to learn Arabic because it states that Gabriel (Jibril) spoke the words of Allah to Muhammad in Arabic. The language is used for Muslim rituals such as prayer and the reciting of Quranic verses. As Arabic spread, the Quran's script also spread. It replaced the Pahlavi writing system as Islam conquered Persia.

Another alphabet, the Uighur alphabet, was based on the shapes of Arabic letters. However, the Uighur alphabet always has vowel letters, unlike in Arabic.

After the fall of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War, use of the Arabic language and alphabet, became less common in the Muslim world. The Turkic states and other Muslim-majority states controlled by the Soviet Union did not favour Arabic script. In 1928, Turkey passed a law that banned the use of the Arabic alphabet for writing Turkish, which is now written with the Latin alphabet. 

Around the same time, the Soviet Union created a Latin alphabet for the Central Asian states that it occupied: Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan. The decision to replace the Arabic alphabet was mostly to remove religious influence in Central Asia and to modernise the region. For a time, Soviet leaders, including Vladimir Lenin, believed the Latin alphabet was the "world alphabet" because it was the writing system of most developed countries. However, the Soviet Union then required the Central Asian states to write only in the Cyrillic script. That was to influence local cultures and languages to become more like those of Russia. 

After the Dissolution of the Soviet Union, none of the Central Asian nations returned to using the Arabic alphabet. They either kept using the Cyrillic, like Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, or adopted a new Latin alphabet, like Azerbaijan. Only Tajikistan is considering switching back to using the Arabic alphabet. Tajik was once a dialect of Persian.

In Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Brunei have adopted for Malay the Latin alphabet, which is called "Rumi" in Malay. The British and Dutch colonialists introduced the Latin alphabet. The Arabic alphabet ("Jawi" in Malay) is still used in Malaysia but much less than Rumi. Brunei is the only Southeast Asian country in which both the Latin and Arabic alphabets are co-official.


Brandenburg Gate

The Brandenburg Gate () is a structure in Berlin, Germany. It is the only remaining gate through which people used to enter Berlin. It was built between 1788 and 1791. It is located between the Platz des 18. März and the Pariser Platz. Nearby to the north is the Reichstag building. During the Cold War, the Reichstag was in West Berlin, and the Brandenburger Tor in East Berlin.

The Brandenburg Gate has twelve columns, six on the entrance side and six on the exit. The columns form five roadways, citizens originally were allowed to use only the outer two. This is rather like Admiralty Arch in London, the central roadway is reserved so that royal and important traffic is not delayed. On top of the gate is the Quadriga. This is Viktoria, the goddess of victory driving a Quadriga, a type of horse-drawn chariot.

After 1806, when Prussia was defeated at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt, Napoleon stole the Quadriga and took it to Paris. When Napoleon was beaten in 1814 Prussian General Ernst von Pfuel occupied Pais and took the Quadriga back to Berlin, the olive wreath was changed to an Iron Cross. The Goddess Viktoria became Nike, goddess of victory.

When the Nazis came to power, they used the Gate as their symbol. The Gate was damaged but not destroyed during World War II. The governments of East Berlin and West Berlin restored it but it was closed when the Berlin Wall was built in 1961. The gate was in the middle of the death strip.

In 1963, U.S. President John F. Kennedy visited the Brandenburg Gate. The Soviets hung large banners across it to prevent him from looking into the East. In the 1980s West Berlin mayor Richard von Weizsäcker said: 

In 1987, U.S. President Ronald Reagan gave his famous speech "Tear down this wall!" outside of the gate.

Von Weizsäcker was the President of Germany at the reunification.

The Gate then symbolized the freedom to unite the City of Berlin. On the 22nd of December 1989, the Brandenburg Gate re-opened when Helmut Kohl, the West German Chancellor, walked through to be greeted by Hans Modrow, the East German Prime Minister.

On December 21, 2000, the Brandenburg Gate was privately refurbished at a cost of US$3 million.


Languages of the Caucasus

The languages of the Caucasus are languages spoken by more than ten million people in the Caucasus region of Eastern Europe and Western Asia, between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea.

Some of those language families have no known members outside the Caucasus area. The term Caucasian languages can mean only these families or all languages historically spoken in that area.


Lake Urmia

Lake Urmia () is a salt lake in northwest of Iran. It is in the provinces of East Azarbaijan and West Azarbaijan, and is southwest of the close shaped Caspian Sea. It was the largest lake inside Iran, and the second biggest salt lake of the world. It was the largest lake in the Middle East.

The location of Lake Urmia is at . It has a surface area of about 5,200 km² (2,000 mile²). At its biggest extent, it is about 140 km (87 miles) long, and 55 km (34 miles) wide. Its deepest point is approximately 16 m (52 ft) deep. It receives water from thirteen rivers coming from the near mountains, and it has no output.

Lake Urmia lies between West Azarbaijan and East Azarbaijan provinces. Tabriz is the biggest city to its east, and Urmia is the biggest city to its west. The shortest way between these cities is to go round the lake. In 1970s a project was started to create a bridge across the lake. This project was canceled when Islamic Revolution happened in 1979. However, the project was started again in 2000s; it is planned to be finished by the end of 2007.

The lake has a very salty water. The concentration of salt is different in each season of the year; it may be 26-28% in the late Autumn.

Lake Urmia is getting smaller and smaller each year. This is because the rivers which bring water to it have become smaller.

This lake was historically named Chaychast (Persian: چیچست). Later, it was named "Urmia" by the Assyrian people. The word "Urmia" consists of two parts: "ur" means city and "mia" means water. "Urmia" was the name given to the city of Urmia, which is near this lake. The lake was then named Lake Urmia, after the name given to the city. In the early years of the 20th century, it was named "Rezaiyeh Lake" after the name of Reza Pahlavi, the king of Iran. After the Islamic Revolution, its name was changed back to "Urmia Lake".

Different creatures live inside or near this lake, including some species of shrimps, amphibians and birds like flamingos and pelicans.

Urmia Lake has shallow borders with lots of mud. Different creatures live inside the mud, including frogs, snails and worms. The mud is said to have good effects in treatment of some diseases of the joints.

Lake Urmia has 102 islands. Their names are as follows :

Aram, Arash, Ardeshir, Arezu, Ashk, Ashk-Sar, Ashku, Atash, Azar, Azin, Bahram, Bard, Bardak, Bardin, Bastvar, Bon, Bon-Ashk, Borz, Borzin, Borzu, Chak-Tappeh, Cheshmeh-Kenar, Dey, Espir, Espirak, Espiro, Garivak, Giv, Golgun, Gordeh, Gorz, Iran-Nezhad, Jodarreh, Jovin, Jowzar, Kabudan, Kafchehnok, Kakayi-e Bala, Kakayi-ye Miyaneh, Kakayi-e Pain, Kalsang, Kam, Kaman, Kameh, Kariveh, Karkas, Kaveh, Kazem-Dashi, Kenarak, Khersak, Kuchek-Tappeh, Magh, Mahdis, Mahvar, Markid, Mehr, Mehran, Mehrdad, Meshkin, Meydan, Miyaneh, Nadid, Nahan, Nahid, Nahoft, Nakhoda, Navi, Naviyan, Omid, Panah, Penhan, Pishva, Sahran, Samani, Sangan, Sangu, Sarijeh, Sepid, Shabdiz, Shahi (Eslami), Shahin, Shamshiran, Shur-Tappeh, Shush-Tappeh, Siyavash, Siyah-Sang, Siyah-Tappeh, Sorkh, Sorush, Tak, Takht, Takhtan, Tanjeh, Tanjak, Tashbal, Tir, Tus, Zagh, Zar-Kaman, Zarkanak, Zar-Tappeh, Zirabeh.



Giuseppe Piazzi

Giuseppe Piazzi (July 7, 1746 – July 22, 1826) was an Italian astronomer who was famous for discovering the asteroid, now dwarf planet "Ceres".

Vesta (mythology)

Vesta was the virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and family in Roman mythology. She rarely appeared in art, as her presence was symbolized by the sacred fire that burned at her temple. The temple was forbidden to all except her priestesses, the Vestal Virgins. The Roman equivalent of the Greek Hestia, Vesta was seen to protect everything that was most important to people's survival. She was not a central figure of many myths. The lack of an easy source of fire in the early Roman community placed a special premium on the ever-burning hearth fire, both publicly and privately maintained; thus, from the earliest times Vesta was assured of a prominent place in both family and state worship. Her worship was observed in every household along with that of the Penates and the Lares, and her image was sometimes encountered in the household shrine.(1) 

The state worship of Vesta was much more elaborate. Her sanctuary was traditionally a circular building, in imitation of the early Italian round hut and symbolic of the public hearth. The Temple of Vesta in the Roman Forum was of great antiquity and underwent many restorations and rebuildings in both republican and imperial times. There burned the perpetual fire of the public hearth attended by the Vestal Virgins. This fire was officially extinguished and renewed annually on March 1 (originally the Roman new year), and its extinction at any other time, either accidentally or not, was regarded as a portent of disaster to Rome.(2)

The asteroid 4 Vesta is named for her.

References(sorry...on my cell, someone else will have to tidy up...
For (1) & (2) Britannica.com
Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers

Heinrich Wilhelm Matthäus Olbers (October 11, 1758–March 2, 1840) was a German astronomer, physician and physicist.


Minstrel

A minstrel was a composer of the medieval time period. Other names for them are minnesinger, troubadour and trouvere. A minstrel was also a name for black musicians in America of the 19th century and white musicians who appeared in blackface.

Gnathostomata

Gnathostomata is the group of vertebrates with jaws.

The group was meant to include all jawed fish, but in modern fashion it also includes all the tetrapods as well, since they evolved from jawed fish. It is the sister group of the Agnatha, the jawless vertebrates.

The Gnathostomata first appeared in the Ordovician period and became diverse in the Devonian period, the 'Age of Fishes'. Land vertebrates appeared in the Carboniferous period.


Niger River

The Niger River is the main river of western Africa. It is over 4180 km (2500 miles) long. 

The river has a crescent shape and it goes through Guinea, Mali, Niger, on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria. Finally, it reaches the sea at a large delta, called the Niger Delta. This part of the Atlantic Ocean is called the Gulf of Guinea. The Niger is the third-longest river in Africa. Only the Nile and the Congo are longer. Its main tributary is the Benue River.

No-one knows the origin of the name Niger. Many people think that it comes from the Latin word for "black", "niger", but there is no evidence for this, and Portuguese explorers would probably have used their own word ("negro") on their maps. Also, the Niger is not a blackwater river (see Rio Negro). Some people think that 'black' may mean the color of the people in this area, but this did not happen with any other river in Africa.

Therefore, most people think the name is from the original people of the area in the middle of the river where early European maps used the name "Quorra". One possibility is the Tuareg phrase "gher n gheren" "river of rivers", shortened to "ngher" or "niger", from the middle of the river near Timbuktu.

The Tabula Peutingeriana says "Flumen Girin" (River Girin) and "Hoc flumen quidam Grin vocant, alii Nilum appellant dicint enim sub terra Etyopium in Nilum ire Lacum.", which means "This river which some are naming Grin is called Nile by others and is thought to flow under the ground of Ethiopia (i.e. modern Africa) into the Nile Lake."

Nigeria and Niger take their names from the river. The people who live beside the river have many names for it, such as "Jeliba" or "Joliba" ("great river" in Manding), "Isa Ber" ("big river" in Songhay), "Oya," (a Yoruba River Niger goddess), and "Kworra" or "Quorra." The last name was the name that Europeans used for the lower part of the river before they knew that the upper and lower parts were connected.

The Niger River is quite a clear river. It has only 10% as much sediment as the Nile because the Niger's source is in very old rocks that have little silt. Like the Nile, the Niger River has a flood every year; this starts in September, becomes strongest in November, and finishes by May.

An unusual feature of the river is the Niger Inland Delta. This forms where the river suddenly becomes less steep. This makes a region of connected streams, marshes, and lakes over an amount of land the same size as Belgium. The yearly floods make the delta very good for fishing and farming.

The Niger takes an unusual route. It is a boomerang shape and this confused Europeans for 2000 years. Its source is only 240 km (150 miles) from the Atlantic Ocean, but the river flows away from the sea into the Sahara Desert, then turns near the ancient city of Timbuktu (Tombouctou). From here, it goes southeast to the Gulf of Guinea.

Ancient Romans thought that the river near Timbuktu was part of the Nile River and Ibn Battuta had the same opinion. Early 17th-century European explorers thought that it flowed west and joined the Sénégal River. Many local people probably knew the real route, but Europeans only knew it in the late 19th century, when it was mentioned in the book "Travels in the Interior of Africa" by the Scottish explorer Mungo Park. This unusual route happened because the Niger River is two ancient rivers which are joined together. The upper Niger, from the source, past Timbuktu, to the bend in the river, used to empty into a lake, but the lake has now gone. However, the lower Niger started in hills near the lake and flowed south into the Gulf of Guinea. The Sahara Desert dried up in 4000-1000 BC, and the two rivers changed their routes and they joined (some people disagree, but most people think this is true).

The northern part of the river, which is called the "Niger bend", is important because it is the Sahara Desert's closest big river. Therefore, trade across the west of the Sahara came here, and it became the center of the Sahelian kingdoms of Mali and Gao.




Flag of Mali

The flag of Mali has three equal vertical stripes. Starting from the flagpole, the colours are green, gold, and red, which are part of the .

The flag became official on March 1, 1961. The original flag became official on April 4, 1959, when Mali joined the Mali Federation. This flag was the same, but the golden stripe had a human "stick figure", called a "kanaga", in black, with its arms pointing to the sky. The figure was removed because of an Islamic belief against making pictures of humans. (Mali is about 95% Muslim.) 

Coat of arms of Mali

On 20 October, 1973, the coat of arms of the Republic of Mali was made. The motto of the Republic of Mali is "Un Peuple, Un But, Une Foi" (One People, One Goal, One Faith).

The coat of arms of the Republic of Mali is a circle. There is a light blue background:

Pour l'Afrique et pour toi, Mali

"Pour l'Afrique et pour toi" (French: "For Africa and for you, Mali") is the national song of Mali. Seydou Badian Kouyate wrote the words and Banzoumana Sissoko wrote the music. It became Mali's national song in 1962 and it is a normal song of love of the country. It is about how the people of Mali would sacrifice their lives for their nation and for freedom. A common theme in the song is wanting to unite Africa. The chorus is written below:

List of heads of state of Mali

This is a list of heads of state of Mali since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.

A total of six people have served as head of state of Mali (not counting one Acting President). Additionally, one person, Amadou Toumani Touré, has served on two non-consecutive occasions.

The office has been vacant since Bah N'Daw was removed from office in a coup.

List of prime ministers of Mali

This is a list of prime ministers of Mali since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.


French Sudan

French Sudan (Fr.: "Soudan") was a colony in French West Africa in actual Mali.
It existed at two separate times. The first time was from 1890 to 1899, and the second was from 1920 to 1960. In 1960 it became the independent nation of Mali.

It was created as a French territory on September 9, 1880 and its name was "Upper Senegal". 

The name changed to the "French Sudan Territory" on August 18, 1890, and its capital was Kayes. On October 10, 1899, French Sudan was broken into pieces: 11 southern provinces became part of French Guinea, Côte d'Ivoire and Dahomey. However, two provinces were returned in 1900.

In 1902 the parts of the colony which were not organised into military districts became Senegambia and Niger, then the name changed to Upper Senegal and Niger in 1904. Finally, the old name of French Sudan returned in a reorganisation in 1920.

In 1933, Upper Volta stopped existing (It began again in 1947.) and French Sudan gained some of its provinces.

After the October 4, 1958 French vote about the constitution, the "République Soudanaise" joined the French Community, again with the name French Sudan, and it gained complete domestic control on 25 November, 1958.

On April 4, 1959, French Sudan was joined with Senegal to form the Mali Federation. This became fully independent but still inside the French Community on June 20, 1960. This union finished on August 20, 1960, when Senegal left. On 22 September, French Sudan changed its name to the Republic of Mali and left the French Community.

Cunnilingus

Cunnilingus is when a man or another woman has oral sex with a woman. He (or she) licks her sex organs with his (or her) lips and tongue. The word comes from a Latin word for the vulva ("cunnus") and from the Latin word for tongue ("lingua").

The clitoris is the main part of the woman's sex organs that brings the most feeling. Often, a woman reaches an orgasm during cunnilingus.

In the past, some thought cunnilingus to be taboo (bad). People in some countries still think of it as taboo. However, many people in western and other cultures have oral sex.

Agnatha

The Agnatha is a superclass of fish. It is paraphyletic. This means it is a convenient catch-all term, which does not follow the rules of cladistics. 

For example, most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group (ancestral group) of gnathostomes. But according to the rules, one sister group should not contain ancestors of another sister group. 

The living Agnatha (lampreys and hagfish) are known as cyclostomes. Recent molecular data from rRNA, and from mtDNA, show that these living agnathans are monophyletic. There are about 100 species. Hagfish are vertebrates but do not have vertebrae. It is believed that they lost their vertebrae during their lifestyle adaptations.

The lifestyle of the lamprey (an ectoparasite on other fish) and hagfish (a scavenger) means that they are not typical of the fossil groups, which were free-swimming and often armoured.


Agnathans do not have jaws, and have a cartilaginous skeleton. There is a notochord in both larvae and adults. They do not have paired fins. They have seven or more paired gill pouches.

Agnatha have no identifiable stomach and are cold-blooded. The heart is simple, with two chambers.

There is a light-sensitive pineal eye. Fertilization and development of young are both outside the body, and there is no parental care.

The oldest fossil agnathans are found in Cambrian deposits.

Many Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian agnathans were armoured with heavy bony-spiky plates. The first armoured agnathans were the Ostracoderms ("shell-skinned"). By the upper Silurian the agnathans had reached the high point of their evolution. They declined in the Devonian and never recovered.

Henry Cavendish

Henry Cavendish FRS (10 October 1731-24 February 1810) was a British scientist. He is famous for discovering hydrogen. Cavendish measured the Earth's mass, density and gravitational constant with the Cavendish experiment. He studied at Peterhouse, which is part of the University of Cambridge, but he left without graduating.

He built a laboratory in his father's house in London, where he worked for nearly fifty years, but he only published about 20 scientific papers. Even so, he is regarded as one of the greatest scientists of his time.

Cavendish claimed that the force between the two electrical objects gets smaller as they get further apart. If the distance between them doubled, the force would be one quarter what it was before. This was the basis of the inverse-square law. He explained the concept of electric potential, which he called "the degree of electrification". He developed the thought of all points on a good conductor's surface have the same potential energy beside a common reference point. Having no way to measure electric current, he used his body as a machine which measures strength of electric current. All Cavendish's explorations in his notebook was found and confirmed by James Clerk Maxwell.

Cavendish’s electrical papers from the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London" have been reprinted, together with most of his electrical manuscripts, in "The Scientific Papers of the Honourable Henry Cavendish, F.R.S." (1921).

Ornamentation (music)

In music, ornaments are notes which are added to the main notes of a piece of music in order to make it more interesting. There are several types of ornaments, including trills and slides. Music of the Renaissance and Baroque periods have lots of ornaments. The composer usually shows what ornaments are needed by little signs written above the notes. In some pieces, especially in slow movements, the composers often did not show the ornaments that are needed: they expected the performers to put them in themselves. Understanding the correct way of ornamenting music used to be a very important part of the art of singing or playing a musical instrument.

The correct way of ornamenting music varied a lot from one country to another and from one century to another. Ideas about how music should be performed kept changing. It is important for musicians today, who want to play music from these older periods, to know as much as possible about historical musical styles. Sometimes we have to make guesses about what a composer might have wanted. Fortunately several composers and music theorists wrote books about how to play ornaments. This enables us to understand the different performing styles. Sometimes composers wrote a preface (introduction) in their music to explain to the performer how to play the ornaments they had written.

There are different kinds of ornaments. A “grace note” is a note written in smaller print, to show that its note value (how long it lasts) does not count as part of the total time value of the measure. 

In Spain, these ornaments were called "diferenzias". They were used as early as the 16th century, when the first books with music for the guitar were produced. In French music they were called "agréments".

Ornaments were still written in music from the Classical music period although they are gradually used less and less as composers started to write precisely all the notes that were to be played. By the Romantic period they were hardly being used except for “tr” meaning “trill”.

A trill is a quick alternation between the main note and the note above it. It was also known as a "shake". Usually, if the music was written before 1800 the trill is played by starting a note above the written note. If the music was written after 1800 then the trill is usually played by starting on the note written and going up to the note above. This was not, of course, a firm rule: changes in performance style happened gradually. 

Sometimes the trill ends with a turn (the note above, the main note, the note below, the main note).

The trill is shown in musical notation by either a formula_1 or a formula_1~~, with the ~ representing the length of the trill, above the staff.

The mordent is like a very short trill, usually just the main note, the note above, and the main note again. If the middle note is the note below, this is called an “inverted mordent” or “lower mordent”. 

The upper mordent is indicated by a short squiggle (which may also indicate a trill); the lower mordent is the same with a short vertical line through it:

As with the trill, the exact speed with which the mordent is played will depend on the speed of the piece, but at a moderate speed the above might be played like this:

A short figure consisting of the note above the one indicated, the note itself, the note below the one indicated, and the note itself again. It is marked by a mirrored S-shape lying on its side above the staff.

The lower added note may or may not be chromatically raised (turn into a sharp)

An "inverted turn" (the note below the one indicated, the note itself, the note above it, and the note itself again) is usually indicated by putting a short vertical line through the normal turn sign, though sometimes the sign itself is turned upside down.

An Appoggiatura literally means a “leaning note”. The word comes from the Italian word "appoggiare", "to lean upon". It is a note which wants to fall down to the next one which is part of the harmony. Composers often wrote an appoggiatura in small print. This usually means it must be played by taking half the time value of the next note (for example: an appoggiatura in front of a quaver (eighth note) turns both notes into two semiquavers (sixteenth notes). During the 18th century composers stopped writing them in small print and just wrote them as normal notes.

An acciaccatura is a note which is played as fast as possible. It means a “crushed note” (in Italian "acciaccare" means "to crush"). It is normally written in small print but with a slash through it to show that it is not an appoggiatura. Most performers play acciaccaturas exactly on the beat, but sometimes it is better to play it just before the beat so that the main note is exactly on time on the beat.

Endocrine system

The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones.
It helps to regulate metabolism, growth and development, tissue function, and plays a part also in mood.
The field of medicine that deals with disorders of endocrine glands is endocrinology.

In physiology, the endocrine system is a system of glands, each of which secretes a type of hormone directly into the bloodstream to regulate the body.

The endocrine system is in contrast to the exocrine system, which secretes its chemicals using ducts. The endocrine system is an information signal system like the nervous system, yet its effects and mechanism are different.

The endocrine system's effects are slow to start, and long-lasting in their response. The nervous system sends information quickly, and responses are generally short lived. Hormones are complex chemicals released from endocrine tissue into the bloodstream where they travel to target tissues and trigger a response.

Features of endocrine glands are, in general, they have no ducts, they have a good blood supply, and usually they have vacuoles or granules inside their cells, storing their hormones.














Sponge (tool)

A Sponge is a tool that is used for cleaning and washing. The sponge is made of a special material, with many holes. By rubbing the sponge against dirty surfaces, the dirt can be removed.

Today, there are also artificial sponges. 

Most natural sponges used for cleaning today come from the Mediterranean and the Caribbean. Today Izmir and Tripolis are the main markets where natural sponges are sold.

Sponges have medicinal potential. This is because of antimicrobial compounds in either the sponge itself or their microbial symbionts.

Bottlenose dolphins have been seen using live sponges. This was in Shark Bay. Shark bay is in Western Australia. The behaviour has only been observed in the bay. Most likely adult dolphins teach it to their children. The only other marine mammals that use tools are Sea otters.

Tyne and Wear

Tyne and Wear is a metropolitan county in North East England.

It was created in 1974, and consists of the five metropolitan boroughs:

Like all metropolitan counties, the county council was abolished in 1986, and its functions given either to the individual boroughs or shared by new joint committees of the five boroughs.

Schools are now controlled by each borough. The fire brigade is one of several services run on a county-wide basis by a committee made up of members from each borough.

The people from Sunderland and the people from Newcastle did not like being joined in one county. The Royal Commission that recommended changing the county councils of England could not even find a name that the people of the two place liked. Their report just called the new county "area D".

Osteichthyes

Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass of fish, also called "bony fish", that includes the ray-finned fish (Actinopterygii) and lobe finned fish (Sarcopterygii). The split between these two classes occurred around 440 million years ago. The Osteichthyes are paraphyletic with land vertebrates. This is why some classification schemes put the tetrapods into the Osteichthyes. Osteichthyes are the most various group of vertebrates, consisting of over 29,000 species, making them the largest superclass of vertebrates in existence today.

Osteichthyes has two classes. They are the Actinopterygii and Sarcopterygii.


