Sophene

Sophene (Armenian: "") was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire, in the southwest of the kingdom. It is currently in modern-day southeastern Turkey.

According to Anania Shirakatsi's "Ashkharatsuyts" ("World Atlas," 7th century), Tsopk was the 2nd among the 15 provinces of Greater Armenia. It consisted of 8 cantons ("gavars"): Khordzyan, Hashtyank, Paghnatun, Balahovit, Tsopk (Shahunyats), Andzit, Degiq, and Gavreq (Goreq).

Tsopk was part of the kingdom of Urartu in the 8th-7th cc BC. After unifying the region with his kingdom in the early 700s BC, king Argishtis I of Urartu resettled many of its inhabitants to his newly built city of Erebuni (modern day Armenian capital Yerevan). Around 600 BC, Tsopk became part of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids.
After Alexander the Great's campaigns in 330s BC and the subsequent collapse of the Achaemenid Empire, Tsopk remained part of the newly independent kingdom of Greater Armenia. In the early 200s BC, at the instigation of the Seleucid Empire, which was trying to weaken the Armenian kingdom, Tsopk, along with Commagene, split from Greater Armenia, forming the Hellenistic kingdom of Tsopk-Commagene. The kingdom was ruled by a branch of the Armenian royal dynasty of Orontids. Tsopk later split from the Tsopk-Commagene kingdom as well, forming an independent kingdom.

Around 200 BC, in his attempt to finally subjugate Armenia, Seleucian king Antiochus III conquered both Greater Armenia and Tsopk, installing Armenian generals Artaxias I and Zariadres as governors-strategoses respectively in each kingdom. Following Antiochus' defeat by Romans at the battle of Magnesia in 190 BC, both Zareh and Artashes declared themselves independent kings. Zareh and his descendants ruled the kingdom of Tsopk until it was reunified with Greater Armenia by Tigranes the Great in the 80s BC.

Pompey gave Sophene to Tigranes, after defeating his father Tigranes the Great.
Sophene later become part of the Roman Empire, and was made into a province of the Roman Empire. The capital was Amida (modern Diyarbakır). Around 54, the province was ruled by Gaius Julius Sohaemus.
In 530, Sophene was included into the province of Armenia IV.

Seleucid Empire

The Seleucid Empire was a Hellenistic (or Ancient Greek) successor state of Alexander the Great's empire. At its greatest extent, the Empire covered central Anatolia, the Levant, Mesopotamia, Persia, Turkmenistan, Pamir and the Indus Valley.

Primarily, it was the successor to the Achaemenid Empire of Persia, and was followed there by the Islamic Caliphate (Rashidun Empire) conquest and rule, from 650s to 660s AD. Later on, much of this area became part of the Umayyad Empire and then the Abbasid Empire.

There were over 30 kings of the Seleucid dynasty from 323 to 63 BC.

Alexander the Great had conquered the Persian Empire but later died young, leaving his huge empire of partly Hellenized culture without an adult heir. 

The empire was put under the management of a regent named Perdiccas in 323 BC, and the territories were divided between Alexander's generals, who thereby became satraps, at the Partition of Babylon. Leaders who thought they should have more, started wars to get it. Soon the various parts of the empire were fighting each other.

Seleucus I Nicator was one of Alexander's generals who received a portion of the huge empire Alexander had carved out. He received huge expanses of land in Syria, Babylon, Anatolia, even as far out as India. When Perdiccas was killed in a political assassination by Ptolemy of Egypt, the empire that was barely held together then splintered apart. The Seleucid Empire quickly expanded, eventually taking parts of Thrace in the west and advancing past the Indus in the East. 

Seleucus I clashed several times with his southern rival for power, the Ptolemaic Dynasty. The Ptolemaic Dynasty controlled most of Egypt and the lands around it, and would fight the Seleucid Empire on many occasions for control of Syria. Seleucus I conquered much of Anatolia, and was preparing to invade Macedonia, when he was assassinated. This momentarily put an end to the Seleucid Empire's ambitions in Greece. After Seleucus I died, his heirs spent much of their time and money trying to maintain the enormous empire they had inherited. In this, they were rather successful, but the vastness of the empire defied attempts by the successors of Seleucus to control it effectively.

Westmorland

Westmorland (an older spelling is "Westmoreland", an even older spelling is "Westmerland") is an area of north west England and one of the 39 historic counties of England. It was an administrative county from 1889 to 1974 and now is part of Cumbria. 

At the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 the county was said to form part of Yorkshire. 
The historic county borders are with Cumberland to the north, County Durham and Yorkshire to the east, and Lancashire to the south and west. 

The highest point of the county is Helvellyn at 950m (3,117 ft). According to the 1831 census its area was 485,990 acres. 

Appleby, the historic county town, was also a historic borough until it was reformed in 1885.
According to the 1971 census, Westmorland was the second smallest administrative county with people in England, after Rutland. The spead of population was as follows: 

In 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, the county was abolished and its former area was combined with Cumberland and parts of Lancashire and Yorkshire to form the new county of Cumbria. The former county now forms part of the districts of South Lakeland and Eden.

Historic counties of England

The historic counties of England are subdivisions of UK They were used for various functions for several hundred years and continue to form the basis of modern local government. They are alternatively known as "ancient counties" and "traditional counties".

The historic counties are as follows:


Ceremonial counties of England

The Ceremonial counties of England are areas of England are defined by the government with reference to the metropolitan and non-metropolitan counties of England. They are also often called geographic counties.

† ceremonial county covers larger area than the non-metropolitan county

The Lieutenancies Act 1997 defines the "ceremonial counties" in terms of local government areas created by the Local Government Act 1972 as amended. Schedule 1, paragraphs 2–5 defines them as:



Counties of England

The counties of England are territorial divisions of England that have many different purposes, such as local government. Most counties began as Anglo-Saxon shires, and duchies.

The names, boundaries and functions of these divisions have changed many times. A series of local government reforms from the 19th century onwards has left the exact definition of the term 'county' unclear, and many counties have more than one definition in law.

Therefore, the term "counties of England" does not refer to a unique set of names or boundaries. There are specific sets of counties that serve a purpose in government (e.g. ceremonial county, registration county or former postal county) or are cultural regions that are sometimes loosely defined (e.g. historic county).

Two definitions have a purpose in present-day government:
For example, Leicester is not in the administrative county of Leicestershire, but is in the ceremonial county of Leicestershire.

The 39 historic, ancient or traditional counties, developed from the 12th to the 16th centuries, though many of the specific areas are much older. They were not used for census reporting since 1841. Most of the historic counties continue to form part of the local government structure, often with reformed boundaries.

Registration counties existed from 1851 to 1930 and were used for census reporting from 1851 to 1911.

Elected county councils were set up in England in 1889, taking over many of the administrative functions of the Quarter Sessions courts, as well as being given other powers over the years. A County of London was created from parts of Kent, Middlesex and Surrey. The counties were divided into administrative counties (the area controlled by a county council) and independent county boroughs. Some counties were covered by several administrative counties; they were Suffolk, Sussex, Northamptonshire, Hampshire, Cambridgeshire, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.

1965 saw a minor change as the original County of London became instead the 'administrative area' of Greater London.

On 1 April 1974 the Local Government Act 1972 came into force. This abolished the existing local government structure in England and Wales (except in Greater London) and replaced it with a new entirely two-tier system. It abolished the previously existing administrative counties and county boroughs (but not the previous non-administrative 'counties') and created a new set of 46 'counties' in England, 6 of which were metropolitan and 40 of which were non-metropolitan.

Some of the counties established by the Act were entirely new, such as Avon, Cleveland, Cumbria, Hereford and Worcester, and Humberside, along with the new metropolitan counties of Greater Manchester, Merseyside, South Yorkshire, Tyne and Wear, West Midlands, and West Yorkshire. The counties of Cumberland, Herefordshire, Rutland, Westmorland and Worcestershire were abolished and the county boroughs as well.

A further local government reform in the 1990s grouped the counties into regions, created many small unitary authorities with county level status (re-establishing in effect if not in name the old county boroughs), and restored Herefordshire, Rutland and Worcestershire as administrative entities.

There are now 81 county level entities outside Greater London. Of these, 34 are so-called 'shire counties' with both county councils and district councils, and 40 are unitary authorities. Six are metropolitan counties. The remaining one is Berkshire, whose county council has been abolished and its districts have become unitary authorities.

Because of the local government reforms in the 1990s, the distinction between the counties used for local government and those used for Lieutenancy, abolished in 1974, was revived, and a new term, 'ceremonial county', coined. Most unitary authorities remained associated with the same county for Lieutenancy, and in a few areas the old ceremonial counties were restored (Bristol, East Riding of Yorkshire, Herefordshire, Rutland, Worcestershire).

These are also known as the geographic counties and are generally used to describe a place's location in England. They are also taken into consideration by the boundary commission when they draw up boundaries for constituencies, for example.

The former postal counties as used by the Post Office are no longer required on addresses. They included most of the 1974 changes, but did not acknowledge Greater Manchester or Greater London as postal counties. They went out of official use in 1996.


Lord-lieutenant

The title Lord Lieutenant is given to the British monarch's personal representatives around the United Kingdom, usually in a county, with varying tasks throughout history. Usually a retired local notable, senior military officer, peer or business person is given the post honourarily. Both men and women are eligible for the post.

In England and Wales and Ireland, the lord lieutenant was the principal officer of his county. His creation dates from the Tudors.

Lieutenants were first appointed to a number of English historic counties by Henry VIII in the 1540s, when the military functions of the sheriff were handed over to him. He raised was responsible for the efficiency of the local militia units of the county, and afterwards of the yeomanry, and volunteers. He was Commander of these forces and appointed their officers.

Lieutenancies became more organised soon, probably in the reign of his successor Edward VI, their establishment being approved by the English parliament in 1550. It was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of Spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties. After the defeat of the Spanish Armada, the need for lieutenants was reduced—and the lieutenancies of some counties were left vacant in the 1590s.

The three ridings (sub-divisions) of Yorkshire each got their own.

The official title of the office at this time was His or Her Majesty's lieutenant for the county, but as almost all office-holders were peers they were referred to as "lord-lieutenant".

The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907 established County Territorial Force Associations, of which the lord-lieutenant was to be head. So the combination of counties and county corporates as lieutenancy counties was restored.

Local Government reform in England in 1965 led to the appointment of lord-lieutenants to Greater London and Huntingdon and Peterborough, and the abolition of those of the County of London, Middlesex and Huntingdonshire.

A more fundamental reform of local government throughout England and Wales (outside Greater London) created a new structure of metropolitan, non-metropolitan and Welsh counties in 1974. Section 218 of the Local Government Act 1972 that established the new system stated: "Her Majesty shall appoint a lord-lieutenant for each county in England and Wales and for Greater London..." The Act appears to be the first statutory use of the term "lord-lieutenant" for lieutenants to counties.

In 1975 counties ceased to be used for local government purposes in Scotland. The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 replaced the counties with regions, and each region was to have one or more lord-lieutenants appointed. The areas to which they were appointed approximated to the counties and were based and were defined in terms of the new local government districts.

In 1996 Scottish regions and districts were abolished on further local government reorganisation, and since that date lord-lieutenants have been appointed to lieutenancy areas.

Partial reform of local government in England since 1995 has led to the creation of so-called ceremonial counties to which lord-lieutenants are now appointed. The Lieutenancies Act 1997 is the most recent piece of primary legislation dealing with Lieutenancies in England and includes the definitive list of the current areas used. Ceremonial counties may be comprised of combinations of county council areas and unitary authorities.

Since the local government re-organisation of 1996 in Wales, lord-lieutenants are now appointed to preserved counties.

The City of London was unaffected by changes introduced since 1882. It has a Commission of Lieutenancy rather than a single Lord-Lieutenant. The Head of the commission is the Lord Mayor of London.

The modern responsibilities of lord-lieutenants include:

As the sovereign's representative in his or her county, the Lord-Lieutenant remains non-political and holds no office in any political party. The usual age of retirement is 75. They are appointed for life, although the sovereign may remove them.

The Lord-Lieutenant is supported by a Vice Lord-Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants which he or she appoints.
They are unpaid, but receive minimal allowances for secretarial help, mileage allowance and a driver. Male Lord-Lieutenants receive an allowance for the ceremonial uniform, worn when receiving members of the royal family and on other formal occasions.

There is no uniform for a female Lord-Lieutenant, but there is a badge which can be worn on ceremonial occasions. Male Lord-Lieutenants wear a dark blue uniform in the style of an Army No. 1 dress along with a cap and sword with a steel scabbard. The uniform for a male Vice Lord-Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants is of a similar style, but with features to distinguish it from a Lord-Lieutenant.

The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland was the head of the British administration in Ireland until the foundation of the Irish Free State in 1922.




Samus Aran

The makers said that the Metroid series is supposed to be like the 1979 film, "Alien", and Samus was like one of the film's characters, Ellen Ripley. Players thought Samus was a boy until the end of the original "Metroid" game. One of the makers said that it would be "kind of cool if it turned out that this person inside the suit was a woman". The rest of the makers liked it so it happened.

Samus' suit is orange and red, and runs on Energy Tanks. It was made by creatures called Chozos, and can gain new powers and abilities. She has lots of other suits as well.


The "Metroid Prime" series takes place in between "Metroid" and "".

In "Metroid Prime", Samus has to go to the Frigate Orpheon, and meets Meta Ridley, the revived form of an enemy from "Metroid". She loses her powers on the frigate through an accident, and escapes to the planet Tallon IV. She eventually has to do battle with the final boss, Metroid Prime.

In "", Samus meets a creature called Dark Samus, which is Metroid Prime fused with a suit Samus got on Tallon IV.

In "", Samus and three other bounty hunters

Samus was the first female character to appear in the "Super Smash Bros." series, and has been in "Super Smash Bros.", "Super Smash Bros. Melee", "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", and "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". She's only in her suit in the first two, but in the third and fourth, she can be in Zero Suit Samus form, which comes from "". In the fourth game, Samus in her power suit and her zero suit are listed as two separate characters. She takes many moves from the "Metroid" series, including the Charge Beam, Bombs, Screw Attack, and Missiles.

Metroid (series)

Metroid is a series of video games made by Nintendo. The series started in Japan in 1986. Its main character in the game is Samus Aran. Almost all of the games in the series have a certain kind of fictional creature called a "Metroid". This is where the name of the series comes from. Metroids look a lot like jellyfish except they can fly. They also have teeth instead of tentacles. They attack creatures and people by charging quickly towards them and sucking out all their life force.

The main character in the series is Samus Aran. She always wears a very powerful space suit. This suit lets her do things that normal humans cannot do, such as jump very high and fall long ways without being hurt. The right arm on Samus' suit has a large gun built into it. She is seen in this space suit almost all of the time. In many of the games, if the player finishes the game fast enough or collects enough items, they can see her without the suit on. When this happens, she is either wearing a tight jumpsuit, or something resembling a bikini.

The main enemies of the "Metroid" games are the Space Pirates. They are tall creatures who look like lizards that walk on two legs. The Space Pirate commander is a dragon named Ridley, who is Samus' worst enemy.

In most "Metroid" games, the player explores far away planets or space stations. The player, as Samus, starts the game with very few powers, and not many places to go. The player must explore to find items and powers that let him or her get to new areas. In the first "Metroid"; Samus had to defeat Ridley; a giant monster named Kraid; and then destroy the Space Pirate's computer, Mother Brain. In all "Metroid" games, there are different goals to achieve, but nearly all of them involve looking for items and exploring.


Michelson–Morley experiment

The Michelson–Morley experiment was a scientific experiment to test for the presence and properties of a substance called aether. This was thought hypothetically to fill empty space. The experiment showed the substance did not exist.

The experiment was done by Albert A. Michelson and Edward Morley in 1887.

Since waves in water need something to move in (water) and sound waves do as well (air), it was believed that light also needed something to move in. Scientists in the 18th century named this substance "aether", after the Greek god of light. They believed that aether was all around us and that it also filled the vacuum of space. Michelson and Morley created this experiment to try and prove the theory that aether existed. They did this with a device called an interferometer. This experiment is a test of Einstein's special relativity theory.

The Earth travels very quickly (more than 100,000 km per hour) around the Sun. If aether exists, the Earth moving through it would cause a "wind" in the same way that there seems to be a wind outside a moving car. To a person in the car, the air outside the car would seem like a moving substance. In the same way, aether should seem like a moving substance to things on Earth. 

The interferometer was designed to measure the speed and direction of the "aether wind" by measuring the difference between the speed of light traveling in different directions. It measured this difference by shining a beam of light into a mirror that was only partially coated in silver. Part of the beam would be reflected one way, and the rest would go the other. Those two parts would then be reflected back to where they were split apart, and recombined. By looking at interference patterns in the recombined beam of light, any changes in speed because of the aether wind could be seen.

They found that there was, in fact, no substantial difference in the measurements. This was puzzling to the scientific community at the time, and led to the creation of various new theories to explain the result. The most important was the Lorentz factor, which is used in Albert Einstein's special theory of relativity.


Hydrogen sulfide

Hydrogen sulfide (British English: "hydrogen sulphide") is the chemical compound with the formula , is a colorless, toxic, flammable gas that is responsible for the foul smell of rotten eggs and flatulence. It often results when bacteria break down organic matter if there is no oxygen. This happens in swamps, and sewers (alongside the process of anaerobic digestion). It also happens in volcanic gases, natural gas and some well waters. This is the smell that people often think to be that of sulfur. But sulfur itself does not smell.

Hydrogen sulfide is also known as sulfane, sulfur hydride, sour gas, sulfurated hydrogen, hydrosulfuric acid, sewer gas and stink damp. IUPAC accepts the names "hydrogen sulfide" and "sulfane". When people speak of more complicated compounds they always use the term "sulfane".

Small amounts of hydrogen sulfide can be found in crude petroleum. Sour natural gas can contain up to 28%. But, sour natural gas must be cleaned before it can enter a long distance pipeline. Pipelines limit hydrogen sulfide to 3 grains per thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Volcanoes and hot springs give off some HS, where it probably is made by the hydrolysis of sulfide minerals, i.e. MS + HO to give MO + HS.

Normal average concentration in clean air is about 0.0001-0.0002 ppm.

Hydrogen sulfide is a highly toxic and flammable gas. Because it is heavier than air it tends to accumulate at the bottom of poorly ventilated spaces.

Hydrogen sulfide is considered a broad-spectrum poison, meaning that it can poison several different systems in the body, although the nervous system is most affected. The toxicity of HS is comparable with that of hydrogen cyanide. 



William Petty, 2nd Earl of Shelburne

William Petty, 1st Marquess of Lansdowne, KG, PC (2 May 1737–7 May 1805) was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain. He was born William FitzMaurice in Dublin in Ireland. Petty was known historically as The Earl of Shelburne.


William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland

William Henry Cavendish Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland, (14 April 1738 – 30 October 1809) was a British Whig and Tory statesman and twice Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain. After his first time as prime minister, the kingdom of Ireland joined Great Britain to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. In the new Parliament of the United Kingdom, he again became prime minister in 1807. 

Newbie

Newbie is a slang term for a new person in a community, group, or video game, and especially on the internet. "Newb" is short for newbie and another slang term that comes from the word "new". Another similar word is 'noob'. A noob usually means a bad player in a game, or someone who does not know the rules of a community yet. Being called a noob is usually not a good thing especially if it is told by an "Epic Gamer". 

The use of the word "newbie" originated in World War II. It was a word veterans used to describe new recruits. 

In recent years, however, the term has been used more often in Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (MMORPG)s or other internet based games. It can also mean someone who has a high level in a game, but is not a skilled player. A person new to a game or a younger player can be referred to as a newbie. 

Many places, such as internet forums or online communities, use the word "noob" differently than the word "newbie". A newbie is simply someone who is new to the forum or game. But a noob or n00b is someone who has been around long enough to know better, but doesn't. A noob is thought of as having no respect for the rules and does not seem to want to do anything for himself. So noob has become an offensive term on the internet. To behave like a noob can mean getting disrespect and a lack of interest from other players.

Noobs are usually referred to by the 1337 (pronounced "leet") or skilled players, who have marginally higher experience in the game. When a leet soundly defeats a noob, he is said to be "pawning noobs". Recently "noob" is used mainly just as a name to refer to other players in various online games. It's usually a derogatory term, but can be exchanged as a friendly greeting. A noob is sometimes confused with a "choob" (a low skilled person in a game, but having acquired nice things as a result of playing). 

Bodhisattva

A bodhisattva is a Buddhist who is on their way to become a Buddha. They have attained a certain level of enlightenment, but decide not to enter Nirvana so that they can continue helping living beings in the world. 

The word Bodhisattva can also refer to certain specific bodhisattvas such as Avalokiteshvara, Manjushri and Vajrapani.

Many bodhisattvas made a special vow that defines their personality or method of helping people. For example, Kshitigarbha vowed not to attain enlightenment until there were no more beings in hell. Some Buddhas, such as Amitabha, made certain vows when they were bodhisattvas. He became a Buddha when these vows were fulfilled. 


Tackey and Tsubasa

Tackey & Tsubasa (タッキー&翼) is a Japanese pop duo from Johnny & Associates. Its two members are Hideaki Takizawa (Japanese: 滝沢秀明, "Takizawa Hideaki") and Tsubasa Imai (今井翼, "Imai Tsubasa"). They are known for their Japanese television dramas and they have been successful with numerous hit singles, especially "Kamen" and "Venus". Their records are produced by Avex Trax.





Fruits Basket

Fruits Basket(フルーツバスケット) is a Japanese manga and anime series about an eponymous student. The manga series ran from 1999 to 2006. An anime television series adaptation aired in 2001.

Tohru Honda comes to live with the mysterious Sohma family. She discovers a terrible secret about them - 13 members of the family turn into twelve animals of the Chinese Zodiac, and the cat who was left out of the Chinese Zodiac. Whenever they are hugged by members of the opposite sex or become weak, they turn into each animals.



Middle-earth characters

This article is about the fictional characters from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe.
Manwë Súlimo is the leader of the Valar. He is the lord of air and sky. His wife is Varda. He lives on the mountain of Taniquetil in Valinor, which is far west of Middle-earth.

Melkor was originally the most powerful of the Valar, but he became evil. He was then named Morgoth (Sindarin: "Black Enemy"), and "Morgoth Bauglir" (Sindarin: "Oppressor"). Morgoth was the greatest enemy of all the peoples of Middle-earth during the First Age. He is the main villain of "The Silmarillion".
Sauron is a Maia who became evil. He became the Dark Lord Morgoth's chief lieutenant. In the Second Age he disguised himself as Annatar and told the elves how to make the Rings of Power. He created the One Ring in the volcano Mount Doom, in his land Mordor. Since then he is the Lord of the Rings. 
He was killed in the Downfall of Númenor, but again took form in Mordor. He was again defeated by the "Last Alliance of Elves and Men". Later in the Third Age, Sauron again came to life, searching for the Ring, and starting the "War of the Ring". Sauron was later defeated when the One Ring fell to the fires of Mount Doom with Gollum. Sauron is mentioned as the Necromancer in "The Hobbit".

The Istari (Quenya: "Wise Ones"; singular: Istar) are a group of five Maiar. They came to Middle-earth in the Third Age, in the form of old human men. The names of the Istari are (in order of rank) Saruman the White, Gandalf the Grey, Radagast the Brown, Alatar the Blue and Pallando the Blue. The peoples of Middle-earth gave them many names, and called them "wizards".

Gandalf the Grey is a main character in the books "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". In the Third Age Gandalf came to Middle-earth as one of the Istari (or wizards). He worked much to help in the destruction of the One Ring, and in the War of the Ring. Later in the Third Age during the War of the Ring, he was later reborn as Gandalf the White and succeeded Saruman as the head of the Istari order. Gandalf is also known by other names: Olórin, Mithrandir, Tharkûn, Incánus, Gandalf Stormcrow, Gandalf Greyhame, Láthspell, White Rider, The Grey Pilgrim, Old Greybeard, Gandalf the Wandering Wizard. Círdan gave Gandalf the Elven Ring Narya, the Ring of Fire, which he had been given by Gil-galad. At the end of the Third Age, Gandalf left Middle-earth for Valinor, together with the bearers of the other two Elven Rings and the Ring-bearers of the One Ring.

Saruman the White is a character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". In the Third Age Saruman came to Middle-earth as one of the Istari. Saruman is also known as Curumo, Sharkey, Curunír, Saruman of Many Colours, The White Wizard and Saruman the Wise by Gandalf the Grey. Saruman was the leader of the wizards and the White Council that opposed the Dark Lord Sauron. Saruman allied Isengard with Mordor and created an army of 10,000 Uruk-hai and many Isengard who bore his white hand on their faces and armories. Saruman was later expelled from the Order of Istari as its head by Gandalf who broke his black staff of power leaving him powerless. He later managed to convince the Ents who held him captive into letting him leave Isengard after he met the conditions of handing over the Keys of Orthanc. He then went to the Shire, which his ally Lotho Sackville-Baggins had brought under control. He spent his final days as a small-time criminal master in Hobbiton known as Sharkey (from the Orkish Sharkû, meaning "old man"), until he was overthrown in the Battle of Bywater. In the aftermath of that battle Frodo confronted Saruman and exiled him from the Shire, but before he could leave, Gríma killed him by slitting his throat with a dagger, on the very doorstep of Bag End. 

Radagast the Brown is a character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". In the Third Age Radagast came to Middle-earth as one of the Istari. Radagast is also known as Aiwendil, Bird-Friend, Tender of Beasts, "the Birdtamer", "the Simple", and "the Fool". Radagast was a dweller in Rhosgobel with his animal friends. But, by the time of the War of the Ring, he was not a Rhosgobel dweller anymore. Later on Midsummer's Day, Radagast was sitting on the side of the Greenway with his horse near Bree when Gandalf found him on his way to the village. Radagast warned Gandalf that the Nazgûl were abroad, disguised as riders in black, and that they were seeking news of the Shire. He also gave him Saruman's invitation and agreed to help Gandalf by getting beasts and birds to send news to Orthanc. With that he rode away back towards Mirkwood. By sending Gandalf to Orthanc, Radagast unwittingly had him captured. Saruman's message proved to be a trap for Gandalf who was imprisoned in Orthanc, but still he did not believe that Radagast was also a part of Saruman's plans. Indeed, it was thanks to Radagast that Gandalf was able to escape from the pinnacle of Orthanc upon the wings of Gwaihir. Radagast's actions during and after the rest of the War are not recorded. After the Council of Elrond, many scouts were sent out from Rivendell to many different locations. Some passed over the Misty Mountains and eventually came to Rhosgobel, but they found that Radagast was not there.[6] His fate after the War of the Ring is not known.

Alatar the Blue and Pallando the Blue are the Blue Wizards. They went into the east of Middle-earth. Little is known about them. Alatar was originally a Maia of Oromë the Huntsman named Morinehtar, and presumably lived in his forests on the continent of Aman, west of Middle-earth. The other servants of Oromë included Rómestámo (later Pallando), who was a friend of Morinehtar's, and whom he later chose to journey with him. At some point in the Second Age, around the forging of the Rings of Power, Mohrinehtar and Rómestámo were chosen to become the first of the Istari, and were sent to the East of Middle-earth to stir up rebellion against Sauron and assist the few tribes of Men who had refused to worship Morgoth in the First Age. Before he came to Middle-earth, Pallando was a Maia of Oromë the Huntsman. He was taken to Middle-earth at the bidding of Alatar, another Istar who took him as a friend. During the Third Age, the Valar selected Morinehtar, renamed Alatar, meaning "after-comer", and Pallando to be two of the five Maiar to travel from the Undying Lands to Middle-earth and serve as Istari wizards. Alatar, Curumo (Saruman the White) and Olórin (Gandalf the Grey) were assigned the objective of encouraging the peoples of Middle-earth to oppose Sauron. However, two more joined the original three Wizards and they became five. Aiwendil (Radagast the Brown) was chosen by Yavanna to travel with Curumo, and Alatar took Pallando the Blue as a companion. Upon arrival in Middle-earth, Alatar and Pallando were dressed in robes of sea-blue. Due to this, they were called the Blue Wizards (or Ithryn Luin, in Sindarin). With Saruman, they travelled east in an attempt to help free the last Men of Númenor, who were now Haradrim and Easterlings. Later, Saruman came back to the west alone. However, Alatar and Pallando were never seen again, and their ultimate fates are unknown. Pallando and Alatar (known as the Blue Wizards for their sea-blue robes) traveled to the east of Middle-earth with Curumo (Saruman the White) to aid some men and subdue others, primarily the Easterlings and Southrons who worshiped Sauron, and whose numbers were steadily increasing. Saruman later returned to the West, but Pallando along with Alatar stayed behind. Pallando and Alatar (known as the Blue Wizards for their sea-blue robes) traveled to the east of Middle-earth with Curumo (Saruman the White) to aid some men and subdue others, primarily the Easterlings and Southrons who worshiped Sauron, and whose numbers were steadily increasing. Saruman later returned to the West, but Pallando along with Alatar stayed behind.

Celeborn was the husband of Galadriel and father of Celebrían. Together with his wife he ruled as Lord over the elven realm Lothlórien.

Celebrían was the daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn. At the beginning of the Third Age she married Elrond Half-elven, and they had the twin sons Elladan and Elrohir, and their daughter Arwen. In 2509 T.A. Celebrían was captured by orcs, but she was rescued by her sons. The year after she left Middle-earth for Valinor.

Galadriel was the youngest child of Finarfin and Eärwen. She married Celeborn, and they had a daughter named Celebrían. In the Second and Third Age she ruled as Lady over the elven realm Lothlórien. Gil-galad gave Galadriel the Elven Ring Nenya, the Ring of Water. At the end of the Third Age, Galadriel left Middle-earth for Valinor, together with the bearers of the other two Elven Rings and the Ring-bearers of the One Ring.

Ereinion Gil-galad was the last High King of the Noldor in Middle-earth. He was the leader of the elves in the Last Alliance against Sauron, but was killed in the war at the end of the Second Age.

Haldir was an Elf of Lothlórien; he was guarding its northern borders. When the Fellowship of the Ring arrived in Lothlórien they met Haldir and his companions. Haldir then led the Fellowship to the city Caras Galadhon.

Legolas, son of Thranduil, is a main character in "The Lord of the Rings". He is an elf from Mirkwood. He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". He is sometimes also called "Legolas Greenleaf". During the Fellowship's journey, he made friends with the dwarf Gimli, despite the fact that dwarves and elves do not usually get along.

Thranduil, son of Oropher, was king of the elves of Mirkwood during the Third Age. He fought under the command of his father in the Last Alliance, but when Oropher was killed, Thranduil became king. Thranduil is the father of Legolas. In the book "The Hobbit", Thranduil is only called the Elvenking. Thranduil also appears in "The Lord of the Rings". He is played by Lee Pace.

Elrond Peredhel ("Elrond Half-elven"), is the son of Eärendil and Elwing. In the Third Age, Elrond is the Lord of Rivendell, and an important and wise leader among the elves. Elrond appears in the books "The Hobbit", "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Silmarillion". 

Elrond was a Half-Elf born at the end of the First Age, as the son of Eärendil and Elwing. His brother was Elros Tar-Minyatur, who chose to become a mortal human. 
In the Second Age Elrond founded Rivendell. Under the command of Gil-galad he fought in the "Last Alliance" against Sauron. 
At the beginning of the Third Age he married Celebrían, daughter of Galadriel, and they had the twin sons Elladan and Elrohir, and their daughter Arwen. Gil-galad gave Elrond the Elven Ring Vilya, the Ring of Air. At the end of the Third Age, Elrond left Middle-earth for Valinor, together with the bearers of the other two Elven Rings and the Ring-bearers of the One Ring.

Elros was the son of Eärendil and Elwing, and brother of Elrond. Elros and his brother were born at the end of the First Age. They were Half-Elven, and Elrond chose to be an elf, while Elros chose to become a mortal human. Elros became the first King of Númenor, and took the ruling name Tar-Minyatur. He died in 442 in the Second Age, at age 500. His son Vardamir Nólimon and his grandson Tar-Amandil became Kings after him.

Elladan and Elrohir are the twin sons of Elrond Half-elven and Celebrían. They are of the Half-elven who lived during the Third Age.

Arwen Undómiel ("Arwen Evenstar"), is the daughter of Elrond and Celebrían, granddaughter of Celeborn and Galadriel, youngest of Elrond and Celebrian's three half-Elven children and is one of the Half-Elven who lived during the Third Age. She is a character in "The Lord of the Rings". At the end of the Third Age she falls in love with the human Aragorn. They marry after the War of the Ring. Arwen becomes Queen of Arnor and Gondor, and gives birth to her son Eldarion, and several daughters.

Elendil, son of Amandil, was the last Lord of Andúnië, and founder of Arnor. He was also known as Elendil the Tall and Elendil the Faithful. 
Elendil was born in Númenor, and became Lord of Andúnië after his father. He had two sons, Isildur and Anárion. After the destruction of Númenor, Elendil fled to Middle-earth. He and his ships landed in the northern part of Middle-earth, where he founded the realm of Arnor. Elendil led the humans in the "Last Alliance of Elves and Men" to fight Sauron. Elendil was killed by Sauron. His son Isildur and grandson Valandil became Kings of Arnor after him.

Isildur, son of Elendil, was the co-founder of Gondor. 
After the destruction of Númenor, Isildur and his brother Anárion fled to Middle-earth. They and their ships landed in the southern part of Middle-earth, where they founded the realm of Gondor. Isildur fought in the "Last Alliance of Elves and Men" under the command of his father Elendil. Isildur cut off the One Ring from Sauron's hand. Elrond and Círdan told Isildur to destroy the One Ring, but Isildur did not want to and kept it. It was decided that Isildur would rule the northern kingdom Arnor afer his father. When Isildur journeyed north, he and his company were attacked by Orcs. Isildur was killed and the One Ring was lost. His oldest sons Elendur, Aratan, and Ciryon were also killed. Isildur's youngest son Valandil became King of Arnor after him.

Anárion, son of Elendil, was the co-founder of Gondor. 
After the destruction of Númenor, the brothers Isildur and Anárion fled to Middle-earth. They and their ships landed in the southern part of Middle-earth, where they founded the realm of Gondor. Anárion fought in the "Last Alliance of Elves and Men" under the command of his father Elendil, and was killed. His son Meneldil became king of Gondor after him, while Isildur went to rule the northern kingdom Arnor.

Aragorn II, son of Arathorn, is a main character in "The Lord of the Rings". He is the son of Arathorn II and Gilraen. After his father's death he becomes "Chieftain of the Dúnedain". 
He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". After the War of the Ring, at the end of the book, Aragorn becomes King Elessar Telcontar of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor. Aragorn marries Arwen, and becomes the father of a son named Eldarion, and several daughters. His son Eldarion becomes king after him.

Boromir is a main character in "The Lord of the Rings". Boromir is the son of Denethor II, the Steward of Gondor. Boromir led Gondor's soldiers in the fight against Sauron, before he went to Rivendell. He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". At Amon Hen, he goes slightly insane over the Ring. He dies after protecting Merry and Pippin from Saruman's Orcs.

Denethor II is the Steward of Gondor, and rules Gondor at the time of the "War of the Ring". He married Finduilas of Dol Amroth, and is the father of Boromir and Faramir. During the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields" he goes insane and burns himself, thinking they would lose the war and get killed anyway.

Eldarion is the son of Aragorn II and Arwen Undómiel. After his father's death he becomes King of Arnor and Gondor.

Faramir son of Denethor II, brother of Boromir. Faramir also led Gondor's soldiers in the fight against Sauron's Orcs and Men, and did so often in Ithilien. He became Steward of Gondor after his father's death. After the War of the Ring, Aragorn made him Prince of Ithilien. He married Éowyn.

Théoden was King of Rohan at the time of the "War of the Ring". He died at the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields". His nephew Éomer became king after him.

Éomer, son of Éomund, brother of Éowyn, was the nephew of King Théoden. In the War of the Ring, Éomer fought in the Battle of the Hornburg, the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, and the Battle of the Morannon. Éomer became the next King of the Rohirrim after Théoden.

Éowyn, daughter of Éomund, sister of Éomer, was the niece of King Théoden. With the help of the hobbit Meriadoc Brandybuck, she killed the Witch-king of Angmar in the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields". After the War of the Ring she married Faramir, and became the Lady of Ithilien.

Gríma, son of Galmod, called Wormtongue, was at first servant of King Théoden. But then he secretly worked for Saruman. Gríma became Théoden's advisor, and worked to weaken him. When Gandalf made the King better, Gríma fled to Isengard. In the end, he goes with Saruman to the Shire. After the hobbit uprising, Gríma kills Saruman; Gríma is killed by hobbit archers.

In The Lord of the Rings movie series, Gríma kills Saruman in Isegard, then he is shot and killed by Legolas.

Bard the Bowman was a man from Lake-town. He was an archer. In "The Hobbit" he shoots the dragon Smaug and kills him. Afterwards, Bard becomes King of Dale, and old city at the foot of the Lonely Mountain that had been abandoned because of the dragon. Bard the Bowman is played by Luke Evans.

Balin son of Fundin is one of the dwarves in Thorin Oakenshield's company during the Quest of Erebor. He is the elder brother of Dwalin.

Dáin II Ironfoot was King under the Mountain in the dwarven realm Erebor after Thorin Oakenshield. Dáin was killed during the War of the Ring. His son, Thorin III Stonehelm, became king after him.

Gimli son of Glóin, is a main character in "The Lord of the Rings". He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring".

Glóin son of Gróin is one of the dwarves in Thorin Oakenshield's company during the Quest of Erebor. He is the younger brother of Óin. Glóin's son is Gimli.

Fíli and Kíli were the nephews of Thorin Oakenshield. They were the sons of Dís, Thorin's sister. They went with their uncle on the Quest of the Lonely Mountain, told in "The Hobbit". They were killed in the "Battle of Five Armies", while they were defending Thorin.

Thorin II Oakenshield, son of Thráin II, was leader of Durin's folk and "King under the Mountain". He is the leader of the group that tries to take back the Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug in "The Hobbit". He is wounded in the "Battle of Five Armies" and dies. Dáin II Ironfoot becomes "King under the Mountain" after him. Thorin has a sister, Dís, who has two sons Fíli and Kíli.

"See also": Hobbit
Bilbo Baggins is a main character in the books "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". Bilbo goes on an adventure with the dwarves, the Quest of Erebor. During this journey he finds the One Ring. He also gets a small sword which he names "Sting", and a small Mithril-shirt. Bilbo later adopts Frodo Baggins. On his 111th birthday, Bilbo leaves the Shire and goes to Rivendell, giving the Ring to Frodo. 
At the end of the Third Age, Bilbo left Middle-earth for Valinor, together with Frodo and the bearers of the Elven Rings.

Frodo Baggins is a main character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". Frodo is adopted by his uncle Bilbo Baggins. He inherits Bilbo's home "Bag End" and the One Ring from Bilbo. Frodo is the Ring-Bearer and a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". With the Fellowship, Frodo goes on the quest to destroy the One Ring. 
At the end of the Third Age, Frodo left Middle-earth for the Undying Lands, together with Bilbo and the bearers of the Elven Rings.

Meriadoc Brandybuck, called Merry, is a main character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". He is Frodo's cousin. He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". At the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields" he helps Éowyn kill the Witch-king of Angmar. He becomes a Knight of Rohan. After the war he marries Estella Bolger, and becomes Master of Buckland.

Samwise Gamgee, called Sam, is a main character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". He is Frodo's gardener and servant. He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". 
When the Fellowship breaks at Amon Hen, Sam is the only one who goes on with Frodo on their journey to Mordor. If not for Samwise Gamgee, Frodo would not have made it into Mordor or destroyed the Ring. After the War of the Ring, Sam marries Rose Cotton and lives in Bag End. 

Peregrin Took, called Pippin, is a main character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". He is Frodo's cousin. He is a member of the "Fellowship of the Ring". Pippin is a very crucial part in saving middle earth. For without his "small" mistakes the ring could not have been destroyed.

Gollum is an important character in "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". Originally he was a river folk (similar to a hobbit) named Sméagol, who found the One Ring after Isildur lost it. Gollum went to live under the Misty Mountains; there he kept the Ring for over 500 years, and in that time the Ring changed him to look less like river folk. He often called the Ring his "precious". Gollum lost the One Ring, which was then found by Bilbo Baggins in "The Hobbit". 

In "The Lord of the Rings", it is told that after this Gollum left the Misty Mountains to search for the "thief Baggins" who had stolen his Ring. Sauron learned from Gollum that the One Ring was in the Shire and owned by a Baggins. Gollum was released by Sauron. Gollum then again went to search for his Ring. Gollum found the Fellowship in Moria and followed them. Frodo and Sam captured Gollum, and Gollum promised to lead them into Mordor. He later tried to trick them, leaving them with the spider Shelob. Gollum attacked Frodo on Mount Doom, and took back the Ring. But Gollum was careless and fell into the volcano, which killed him and destroyed the One Ring.

Ancalagon the Black is a dragon. He appears in the "Silmarillion". Ancalagon was made by Morgoth, and was the biggest and most powerful of all dragons. He was killed by Eärendil, in the War of Wrath in the First Age. When he fell, he crushed the Towers of Thangodrim, heralding the end of Morgoth's tyranny.

Glaurung is a dragon. He appears in the "Silmarillion". Glaurung was a dragon made by Morgoth. He was the first dragon ever created, and he was extremely powerful. He was killed in the First Age by Túrin Turambar.

Smaug is a dragon. He appears in "The Hobbit". Smaug attacked the Lonely Mountain, killed the dwarves living there, and took their treasure and home. Later in the book Smaug was killed by Bard the Bowman.

Beorn is a shape-shifter. He usually is like a big man, but he can change to become a bear. He lives between the Misty Mountains and Mirkwood. He helped at the "Battle of the Five Armies".

The Nazgûl, Ringwraiths or Úlairi are servants of Sauron. They were human kings and leaders in the Second Age. Sauron gave to them nine of the Rings of Power. With time they became like undead ghosts. They are invisible, but their eyes can sometimes be seen as a red light. They wear black cloaks, and usually ride black horses. Later in the "Lord of the Rings" they ride winged creatures called "fell beasts". When riding a fell beast they are also called "Winged Nazgûl".

The Witch-king of Angmar, also known as Lord of the Nazgûl or the Black Captain is the leader of the Nazgûl. He was the commander of Minas Morgul. He was killed in the "Battle of the Pelennor Fields" by Éowyn and Meriadoc Brandybuck.

Khamûl is one of the Ringwraiths, and the only Ringwraith whose name is given by Tolkien. He was called the Black Easterling, and was the commander of the fortress Dol Guldur.

Shelob is a giant spider-like creature. She appears in "The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers". Shelob stings Frodo Baggins, but is wounded by Samwise Gamgee.

Treebeard is an "Ent", a tree-like being. He and other Ents live in the forest Fangorn. In the War of the Ring Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took come to Fangorn and meet Treebeard. This causes the Ents to go out and fight against the wizard Saruman in his fortress Isengard. The Ents are accompanied by an army of "Huorns" (normal trees that have come alive). After Isengard is conquered, the Huorns go to Helm's Deep, to help the Rohirrim there fight and win against Saruman's army.

There have been many adaptations of Tolkien's books, for example films like The Lord of the Rings movie series. In them characters appear that were newly created and are not in Tolkien's works.

Tauriel is an elf from Mirkwood that appears in The Hobbit movie series.


Feudalism

Feudalism was a social and political system. It existed in Europe during the Middle Ages, between the 9th and 15th centuries. Under feudalism, the king owned all of the land in his kingdom. However, the king would give gifts of land (called fiefs) to the lords or nobles and they would enter into an agreement with a vassal. Vassals would allow peasants called serfs to live on parts of their land. Vassals would also protect serfs from violence. In return, a serf had to pay taxes and work without pay in the vassal’s fields.

Under feudalism, taxes were not paid with money. Instead, they were paid in services (like free labor) and products (like crops). A serf had to pay taxes of grain to their vassal. A vassal had to pay taxes of grain to their lord. They had to use the lord’s granaries to grind the grain. A vassal also had to give other taxes and gifts to their lord. When a vassal killed animals for food, they gave part of the meat to their lord. When a vassal fished on the lord’s land, they gave some of the fish to the lord. 

In return, the lords promised to give their vassals protection, peace, and safety.

Nobles owned and governed manors. Each manor had its own church, village, mill, wine press, and pasture lands. Lords allowed many people to live and work on their manors. These people got food and housing, but did not get paid in money.

Manors were given from one generation to another. When a noble died, his firstborn son got everything his father owned.

Villeins were in a poorer social class. They had more freedom than slaves, but they were not completely free. A villein was legally tied to their lord or his manor. They could not move or marry unless the lord approved. They could not leave the manor without their lord’s permission. They also had to work for their lord. In return, villeins were allowed to live in small houses on the manor, with floors made of earth and a thatched roof. On the walls of their houses, villeins hung meats, tools, and dried vegetables.

Some villeins tried to escape from their lords’ manors. However, outside the manor, their options were limited. They could run away to another town and live quietly, without being noticed. A villein could become a free man this way. A villein could also move up in society if they helped the Catholic Church. However, they could not do this without special permission. Some escaped villeins also joined bands of outlaws. 

Serfs were in the lowest social class. They were farmers or workers who did not own any land. Like villeins, serfs worked on a lord’s land. In exchange, they were allowed to live on the manor and grow crops there. Serfs had little more freedom than slaves. They could not be sold away from the land, but were always sold "with" the land.

Villeins and serfs did have some rights. They could grow and sell grain and vegetables. The lord had to give them land to grow crops. The lord had also had a duty to protect them. Villeins and serfs did not need to serve in levy (an army created through conscription). They did not have to pay state taxes. However, they usually paid 10% of their income to their lord. Most serfs and vassals also paid another 10% of their income to the Catholic Church. This was called a tithe.

If they got wealthy enough, a vassal or serf could buy their freedom from the lord.

According to Karl Marx, feudalism was the stage of society before capitalism and after slavery. Feudalism eventually ended because of fighting between lords and serfs. Capitalism appeared next. Marx said that people were no better off under capitalism than they had been under feudalism. Instead of the lords exploiting the serfs, now it was the bourgeoisie exploiting the proletariat.




Leo III of Armenia

Leo (or Leon) III of Armenia (c.1236-1289) was king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, ruling from 1270 to 1289. He was the son of Hethum I of Armenia and Queen Isabella of Armenia. 
In 1262 Leo married Keran (Kir Anna), the daughter of Prince Hethum of Lampron.
In 1266 Leo was captured and his younger brother Thoros killed while fighting the Mamluk invaders. Leo was ransomed by his father, who gave up the throne for him shortly after. He was known as a pious king, devoted to Christianity.

In 21 years of marriage Leo had 15 children by his wife Keran, eight sons and seven daughters. Two sons and two daughters died at an early age:

5 of his 15 children, Hethum, Thoros, Sembat, Constantine, and Oshin, later became the Armenian kings, who often fought each other to gain the throne.

He was succeeded by his son Hethum II.

Armens

Armens (Armenian: Արմեններ, Առամեններ), were Armenian tribes, the people are called Arman, Armenic or Armanen. They correspond with the Hayasa-Azzi Tribes. The Armans united with the tribes of Hayasi. Recent linguistic studies present strong evidence that the Indo-European language group originates in Anatolia. According to most accounts, the Armens were generally tall, blond-haired, and blue-eyed in appearance, in contrast to their Urartian cousins who tended to be slighter with black hair and black eyes. The Urartian state, which existed there prior to the coming of the
Indo-European-speaking "Armen" tribes from the west, was a federation of many peoples.

At the end of the second millennium BC, another Indo-European ethnic group, closely related to Thracians and Phrygians and referred to by the Greeks as Armens, migrated to the Armenian Highland from Northern Balkans.
One theory suggests that the Armens were of Thracian origin, and related to the Phrygians. The Armens were near the head waters of the Halys, to the west of the Euphrates. The Armens seemed to have mixed blood with another Asiatic element whose patronymic Hai, became in time their national designation. The country where the Armens settled were a mountainous region, traversed by deep valleys and smiling plains.

The word Armani, (mentioned in Akkadian inscriptions as early as 2400 BC) an early form of Armen-Armin or Arman denotes the national affiliation, as with many cultures standing for the particular nation thus, the God AR being the primary deity in the Indo-European (aka Aryan) pantheon - thus AR MAN denotes—Men of Ar or Children of Ar, again initially AR standing for ARAREL-ARARICH [hence Ar-Ar-At the Place of ARAR] -- Create-Creator, also Sun, Light, Life and Love.


History of Armenia

The history of Armenia and Armenians is very ancient and can go back at least 2000 BC. Archaeologists say the Shulaveri-Shomu culture of the central Transcaucasus region, and Armenia today, as the earliest known prehistoric culture in the area, carbon-dated to around 6000 - 4000 BC. But, a newer discovered tomb has been dated to 9000 BC. Another early culture in the Armenian Highlands and surrounding areas—the Kura-Araxes culture is in the period of ca. 4000 - 2200 BC, and is believed to have to go into the Trialeti culture (ca. 2200 - 1500 BC), and meaning Armenians are one of the oldest Indo-European subgroups.

Urartu was an ancient kingdom in the Armenian Highlands.

Some experts say that the Armenians started as a mixture of the different peoples to move through the area in history: The Hurrians, Urarteans, Luvians and Mushki. This last group, also knowns as Phrygians may have brought their Indo-European language to Armenia. The Armenian language today is Indo-European, but shows a lot of influence from the earlier languages, especially Urartean. 

The Armenians had friendly relations with the Parthian empire. The fighting between the Roman Empire and Parthia was centered in Armenia. Armenia was in between Parthian and the Roman Empire. The Armenians had already played a role in the early history of the Roman-Parthian relations. Tigranes put military and political relations with Rome and Parthia on an international legal foundation. The Parthians were allies to Armenians in many times. Many Parthian noble families had moved out and they went to Armenia. 



First Republic of Armenia

The First Republic of Armenia, 1918–1920, was the first modern establishment of an Armenian republic. The country was created after the Russian Tsarist empire that began with the Russian Revolution of 1917 that lost power. Its creation with borders were the Democratic Republic of Georgia in the north, the Ottoman Empire to the west, the Persian Empire to the south, and Azerbaijan Democratic Republic to the east.

Armenia gave way to communist power in late 1920. In September 1920, the Turkish revolutionaries moved in on the capital. First an armistice was concluded, on November 18, and then a full peace treaty - Treaty of Alexandropol on 2nd and/or 3rd of December 1920.

During that time, the Soviet 11th Red Army invasion started on the 29th of November 1920. The actual transfer of power took place on December 2 in Yerevan. Armenian leadership approved an ultimatum, presented to it by the Soviet plenipotentiary Boris Legran - who was at work as one of major Russian diplomats on Caucasus at that time. Armenia decided to join the Soviet sphere, while the Soviet Russia agreed to protect its remaining territory from the advancing Turkish army. Soviets also pledged to take steps to rebuild the army, protect the Armenians, not to pursue non-communist Armenians. None of these promises were kept.

On December 4, 1920, the Red Army entered Yerevan, the government of Armenian Republic effectively stopped working. On December 5, the Armenian Revolutionary Committee (Revkom; made up of mostly Armenians from Azerbaijan) also entered the city. Finally, on the following day, December 6, Felix Dzerzhinsky's dreaded secret police, the Cheka, entered Yerevan, thus effectively ending the existence of the Democratic Republic of Armenia.
The rest of Armenia was under control of the communist government. The part by Turkey remained for the most part theirs - by the subsequent Treaty of Kars. Soon, the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed, under the leadership of Aleksandr Miasnikyan. It was to be included into the newly created Transcaucasian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic.


Smaug

Smaug is a fictional dragon from "The Hobbit". He is the main villain of the J.R.R. Tolkien book and it's adaptations. The author called him a "most specially, greedy, strong and wicked worm".

Smaug is one of the most feared dragons on Middle-earth. He decided to sleep in a pile of gold until Bilbo Baggins woke him up. Smaug knows that Bilbo is after the Arkenstone. He left the area and decided to fly to Lake-town and ravage it with fire. He was killed by Bard the Bowman with an arrow.

In The Hobbit movie trilogy, Smaug's motion capture and voice were done by Benedict Cumberbatch. He is digitally created by Weta Digital and is considered one of the most impressive features of the trilogy, specifically the end of the second movie. In the third movie, his death helped Sauron let his armies roam free.

Smaug, voiced by Benedict Cumberbatch became an interviewed guest for a December 2014 episode of The Colbert Report with clips from the third movie.

Georgian language

Georgian (Ⴕⴀⴐⴇⴓⴊⴈ Ⴄⴌⴀ, "kʰartʰuli ena") is the official language of Georgia, a country in the Caucasus.

Georgian is the primary language of about 3.9 million people in Georgia itself (83 percent of the population), and of another 500,000 abroad (chiefly in Turkey, Iran, Russia, the United States and Europe). It is the literary language for all ethnographic groups of Georgian people, especially those who speak other South Caucasian languages (or "Kartvelian languages"): Svans, Megrelians, and the Laz. Gruzinic, or "Kivruli", which is sometimes considered a separate Jewish language, is spoken by an additional 20,000 in Georgia and 65,000 elsewhere (primarily 60,000 in Israel).

Mount Ararat

Mount Ararat (Turkish: Ağrı Dağı; Armenian: Արարատ; Kurdish: Grîdax‎ or Çiyayê Agirî) is the tallest peak in the Armenian Highlands and modern-day Turkey. The mountain is always capped with snow, and it is a dormant volcano. 

It is in Iğdır Province, near the northeast corner of Turkey, 16 km west of Iran and 32 km south of the Armenian border.

The people and area who lived in this area was the Armenian kingdom of Ararat (in Assyrian: Urartu). Armenians lived here for nearly 3000 years. In the 16th century the mountain became part of the border between the Ottoman Empire and the Safavid dynasty of Persia. Later it was the border of Russia. In 1923 the Treaty of Lausanne put Ararat in the administration of Turkey. It is a national symbol of Armenia and an object of irredentism.

South Caucasus

South Caucasus, also referred to as Southern Caucasia, is the southern area of the Caucasus region spanning Europe and Asia, going from the Greater Caucasus to the Turkish and Iranian borders, between the Black and Caspian Seas. 
All of Armenia is in the South Caucasus; the majority of Georgia and Azerbaijan, including the exclave of Naxçıvan, fall within this area. The countries in the region produce oil, manganese ore, tea, citrus fruits, and wine.

The region is one the most complicated in the post-Soviet area, and has three heavily disputed areas – Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan.

The region was combined togerther twice – during the Russian Civil War (Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic) from 9 April 1918 to 26 May 1918, and under the Soviet rule (Transcaucasian SFSR) from 12 March 1922 to 5 December 1936. 

The area of Transcaucasia, which is where modern day Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia are located, is one of areas where the wine producing vines "vitis vinifera" grow. Some experts think that this may be where wine was produced for the first time. Archeological excavation and carbon dating of grape pips from the area have dated back to 7000-5000BC. 



Mongols

The name Mongols (Mongolian: "Mongol") explains one or more ethnic groups. A hard definition includes the Mongols proper (self-designation "Monggol"), which can be split into eastern and western Mongols. In a bigger sense, the Mongol peoples also people who speak a Mongolic language but use other self-designations, such as the Kalmyks of eastern Europe.

The name "Monggol" has its meaning in the Tungusic languages and usually means "the invincible ones". At first it was applied to a small and still insignificant tribe in the area of the Onon river. In the 13th century it grew into an umbrella term for a large group of tribes united under the rule of Genghis Khan.

The polytheistic (believing in many gods) Mongols thought that good and evil spirits controlled the world. They also believed in a sky god, who ruled all the spirits. They called him "Tengri" (TENG gree), which means, "the great god of heaven". The Mongols lived in fear of the spirits and hoped for blessings from them.

Every yurt had small idols made of felt. The wives and daughters of the nobles made these idols at sewing parties. The Mongols believed that these idols protected their families and animals. Before every meal they put food and drink on the idols' lips. They also prayed to them.

The Mongols believed that some men, called "shamans" (SHAH muns), had power over the spirits. The shamans were the priests of the traditional Mongol religion, called "shamanism" (SHAH muh NIZ um). The shamans were medicine men and witch doctors who used a special language when doing their magical rituals. The Mongols talked to their shamans before making big choices and followed their advice.

The later empire of the Mongols had many people with many religions, including Christians. The most important Christian group in the Mongol Empire was the Nestorian Church, sometimes called the Church of the East. These Christians were named for Nestorius, bishop of Constantinople.



La Liga

The Campeonato Nacional de Liga de Primera División, commonly known as Primera División, or La Liga, and officially known as LALIGA EA SPORTS (stylized as all caps) for sponsorship reasons, is the men's top professional football league of the Spanish football league system. It is contested by 20 teams.



Stanley Marcus

Stanley Marcus (April 20, 1905 – January 22, 2002) was the president of the Neiman-Marcus company, a store in the United States that sells expensive clothing and . He became famous for inventing many new ways to sell products and new ways to tell people about his store.

Mr. Marcus created an award for people who designed clothing. He also began art shows in his store, to make people want to visit the store to see the art. In 1939, the company started a catalog, which is a book that shows all the products that people can buy from the store. In 1951, the catalog listed unusual gifts for people to buy. Many people started to read the catalog every year to see the unusual gifts.

In the 1940s, at the time of the Second World War, the government of the United States asked Mr. Marcus for help. The government wanted to make sure there would be enough fabric to make clothes for the military, so they asked Mr. Marcus to make rules about clothes for ordinary people. He made rules for companies that made clothes so that popular styles for women and men would not change every year. With these rules, people would not need new clothes so often. Also, he said that men's socks should not use rubber to make elastic to hold the socks in place. This rule made sure the government could use rubber for military products that were needed for the war.

Mr. Marcus married Mary "Billie" Cantrell in 1932. When he met her, Billie was working in the Neiman-Marcus store. She continued to work for four years. She retired in 1936 after she gave birth to a baby; they named the baby Jerrie. In 1938, she gave birth to twins, Richard and Wendy.

Mr. Marcus collected art and books. His favorite artists from Mexico were Rufino Tamayo, David Alfaro Siqueiros, Diego Rivera, and Antonio Ruíz. He became friends with Rivera and Tamayo. Mr. Marcus also liked American artists, such as Alexander Calder, who made sculptures, and Georgia O'Keeffe, who was a painter. He gave large amounts of money to a museum that showed O'Keeffe paintings.

The Degolyer Library at Southern Methodist University has a collection of things related to Mr. Marcus. The collection includes photographs, letters, and newspaper articles. Mr. Marcus also gave the library a collection of more than 5,000 miniature books. (Miniature books are very small books, small enough for a doll.)


Collectivity of Saint Martin

Saint Martin (French: "Saint-Martin"), officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin (French: "Collectivité de Saint-Martin"), is a new overseas collectivity of France. It was created on 22 February 2007. It is in the northern parts of the island of Saint Martin and nearby small islands. The southern half of the island is a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

The French part of the island has a land area of . At the 2011 census, the population in the French part of the island was 36,286 (up from only 8,072 inhabitants at the 1982 census), which means a population density of in 2011.

Saint Martin was for many years a French commune. It was part of Guadeloupe, which is an overseas "région" and overseas "département" of France. Because of this, it is in the European Union. In 2003 the population of the French part voted for a split from Guadeloupe. They wanted to make a separate overseas collectivity (COM) of France. On February 9, 2007, the French Parliament passed a bill granting COM status to both the French part of Saint Martin and neighbouring Saint-Barthélemy. The new took effect when the law was published in the Official Journal.

Saint Martin remains governed as it was when a commune within Guadeloupe—by a mayor and a municipal council elected by the European citizens living on the French side of the island. As is the case in metropolitan France since the promulgation of the Maastricht Treaty, nationals of any member state of the European Union are allowed to vote at the municipal elections. Nationals from countries not part of the European Union, which represent a large part of the population on the French side of the island, are not allowed to vote in the elections. In 2003, the people of the French part of the island voted to separate from Guadeloupe. In 2007, the French Parliament voted to make Saint Martin a overseas collectivity (COM) of France. The new status took effect on 15 July 2007, once the local assemblies were elected,

Saint Martin remains part of the European Union. The official currency in Saint Martin is the euro (though the United States dollar is also widely accepted).


Sint Maarten

Sint Maarten (or Saint Martin) is a country that is part of the Netherlands. It is on the southern half of the island of St. Martin in the Caribbean.

The "Island area of St. Martin" () was part of the Netherlands Antilles, until the Antilles was dissolved in October 2010, when Sint Maarten became a "country" ("land") within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The Government of the Netherlands is responsible for defence, foreign affairs and nationality law. Although part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the territory of Sint Maarten is not part of the European Union; however, its people are citizens of the European Union.


French overseas collectivities

The Overseas collectivities (French: "collectivité d'outre-mer" or "COM"), are an administrative division of France. These territories include some former overseas territories and other French overseas holdings with a particular status. All of these were given the name "collectivités d'outre-mer" because of a constitutional reform on March 28, 2003.

As of March 31, 2011, there are five of these communities:


Saint Barthélemy

Saint-Barthélemy, officially the Collectivity of Saint-Barthélemy (French: "Collectivité de Saint-Barthélemy"), is a new overseas collectivity of France. It was created on 22 February 2007. It consists of the island of Saint-Barthélemy and neighboring small islands.

The island of Saint-Barthélemy, also known as Saint Barts, Saint Barths, or Saint Barth, is in the Caribbean among the Leeward Islands. Its land area is 21.0 km² (8.1 sq. miles). Administratively, the whole island of Saint-Barthélemy was a French commune ("commune de Saint-Barthélemy"). It was part of Guadeloupe, which is an overseas "région" and overseas "département" of France. For this reason, it is part of the European Union. In 2003, the people voted in favour of becoming independent from Guadeloupe. They wanted to form a separate overseas collectivity (COM) of France. On February 7, 2007 the French Parliament passed a bill granting COM status to both Saint-Barthélemy and neighbouring Saint-Martin. The new status took effect on 22 February 2007, when the law was published in the Official Journal.

Saint-Barthélemy has long been considered a playground of the rich and famous and is known for its beautiful pristine beaches, gourmet dining in chic bistros and high-end designer shopping.

Saint-Barthélemy is about 150 miles east of Puerto Rico. It is near the islands of Saint Martin, Saba and Anguilla.

Gustavia, which is the main town of the island, was named after King Gustav III of Sweden, and remains as a reflection of the Swedish period.

The oldest settlement still remaining is the village of Lorient (or L'Orient), although scattered in every cemetery on the island are Swedish grave markers. Lorient's sister village on the French mainland is the city of Lorient on the northern coast of Brittany.

Of the 20 beaches on the small island, several are seen as especially inviting. On the southern side of the island, Saline and Governor beaches are pristine beaches with no development on them. On the western edge of the island is Colombier beach. This beach is only reachable by boat or a hike. St. Jean, Flammands and Grand-Cul-de-Sac beaches are also popular and attractive beaches which have hotels and other establishments on them. Shell Beach is popular for families with kids as it has little surf, and lots of tide pools.

St. Barths has a tidal difference of only 3 - 5 inches. The beaches vary according to ocean currents—the weather travels onto the island following the sun from the East. One of the main surfing beaches (Toiny) is known for its riptide, while Grand Fond is one of the island's only non-swimming beaches. Although tourism does not allude to it, there are a small variety of warm water sharks in the Caribbean. So, swimming at dusk and dawn or in murky waters is not recommended. Otherwise, scuba and snorkeling are a great way to see the nurse sharks, lobsters, conch and green sea turtles that abound in the waters surrounding St. Barths.

The beach of Grand Cul-de-Sac is the easiest beach in the Caribbean to learn to sail, windsurf or kitesurf on, as it has a reef which closes off the entire bay. The current that passes outside the reef here also carries the migrating whales and dolphins.

Saint-Barthélemy was first claimed by France in 1648. It was sold to Sweden in 1784. Sweden sold it back to France in 1878. The Swedish period left its mark in the names of many of the streets and the town (in honor of King Gustav III). It also left its national arms, the three crowns along with the grey heron, in the island's coat of arms.

At the 1999 census, Saint-Barthélemy had 6,852 people. There were 326 people per square kilometer. Unlike most Caribbean islands, most of the people are Caucasians (white).

Many of the people who live there all the time are French citizens who work at the various establishments on the island. French is the primary language spoken, but many locals also speak English, particularly at the hotels and restaurants.

Saint-Barthélemy has a small airport (IATA identifier SBH) is served by small regional commercial aircraft and charters. Most visiting aircraft carry fewer than twenty passengers, such as the Twin Otter, a common sight around Saint Barths and throughout the northern West Indies. The short airstrip is at the base of a steep hill ending directly on the beach. The arrival descent is extremely steep over the hilltop traffic circle and departing planes fly right over the heads of sunbathers (although small signs advise sunbathers not to lie directly at the end of the runway). The nearest commercial jet airport is on the neighboring island of Saint Martin.

There are also charters to St. Barths from San Juan, Puerto Rico available through Tradewind Aviation. The current mayor's airline, called St. Barths Commuter, offers non-prohibitive cost one-way/roundtrip travel between both of St. Maarten's airports and St. Barths. It is also an excellent service for charters. A favorite island business for an extra fee is via St. Barths Services, as they offer full-service attention.

Ferries to and from Saint Martin are the only other real option (although the passage from St. Maarten to St. Barths is often rough), unless one is arriving by private charter boats/yachts.

Saint-Barthélemy has about 25 hotels, most of then with 15 rooms or fewer, and the largest, the Guanahani has just 70 rooms. Hotels are classified in the traditional French manner 3 Star, 4 Star and 4 Star Luxe.

Villa vacations are extremely popular and there are hundreds of villas terraced into the hillsides throughout the island as well has many beachfront locations. Villas here by definition can range from one-bedroom bunglalows to large luxurious homes. Saint-Barthélemy Properties and Wimco are the two main villa rental agencies on the island.

Singer Jimmy Buffett is a frequent visitor on the island, and owns a house there. He also owned a hotel, the Author de Rocher, before it burned down.

Saint-Barthélemy has its own bobsled team. To date the team has not achieved competitive success. The island also competes in carotchie.



Hispaniola

Hispaniola is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is the second largest island (after Cuba) of the West Indies, east of Cuba and west of Puerto Rico.

The Republic of Haiti occupies the western three-eighths, the Dominican Republic the rest. Hispaniola is one of two Caribbean islands in which there are two countries; the other is Saint Martin.

When Columbus arrived to America, some groups of native people, coming from northern South America, had lived in the Caribbean Islands since a very long time. That movement from South America to the Caribbean islands was not continuous but it happened in several waves during almost twelve centuries.

Archeological studies suggests that those people from South America came to the Caribbean islands during four periods.

The first period began around 5000 B.C. For most Caribbean islands, this period ended around 2000 years ago except in Cuba and Hispaniola where there were some small populations in western Cuba and southwestern Hispaniola when the Europeans arrived to these islands. They were called Ciboney or Siboney by the Taínos, meaning "man that lives among rocks" ("Ciba" means stone and "eyeri" man).

The second group was the Igneri, the first Arawak Indians to come to the Caribbean Islands. They displaced the Ciboney people and, later, they were displaced by another group of Arawak Indians, the Taínos. Taínos occupied all the Greater Antilles (Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola and Puerto Rico) and they developed a culture different from the culture of the Arawaks of South America. They were the first people that the Spanish met in the Americas.

The fourth and last group was the Carib. The Carib were also Arawaks but with a different language. Even if they used to go to Puerto Rico and the Hispaniola to fight against the Taínos, they lived only in the Lesser Antilles when Columbus got to America.

At the moment when the Spanish came to the Hispaniola, most of the island was occupied by Taínos; only in the western tip of the Southern Peninsula (in modern Haiti), there were some small groups of Ciboney In the northeastern part of the island (Samaná Peninsula and north of the Northern mountain range), there was a group called Ciguayos, and sometimes Macorix, with the same culture of the Taínos but a different language. It seems that they were Carib that took the Taíno culture. They were the first Indians that fought against the Europeans.

Christopher Columbus arrived to the island on December 5, 1492, naming it as La Española, meaning "The Spanish Island". When Peter Martyr d'Anghiera wrote in latin about this island, he wrote "Hispaniola", meaning "Small Spain"; that was not correct. Because the book of Anghiera was translated into English very soon, the name Hispaniola is the most used in English-speaking countries and in scientific works.

For centuries, other names were used for the island. The most common were "Santo Domingo Island" (the Dominican constitution still uses that name) and "Haiti".

Hispaniola was the only island that Columbus visited in all his four travels to the Americas. He saw the island for the first time on December 5, 1492 but he stayed on his ship during the night; the next day, he went to land. The Spaniards spent the rest of December traveling along the north coast of Haiti; on December 12, Columbus took possession of the island in the name of the King and Queen of Spain and named the island as "La Española".

On Christmas Eve, December 24, the main ship ("Santa María") was badly damaged. The next day, Christmas Day, Columbus gave orders to use the wood of the ship to build a small fort on what is now Môle Saint-Nicolas, Haiti. That fort was named "La Navidad" ("Navidad" means Christmas) and was the first European building on American soil. Columbus left 39 men there because there was not space in the other two ships for all the people.

From "La Navidad", they traveled east along the north coast of the island and in Samaná they had a small fight with some natives ("Ciguayos", not Taíno Indians) and named the bay as "Golfo de las Flechas" (Gulf of the Arrows), but now is called "Samaná Bay". From there, they went back to Spain.

In 1493, Columbus found, when he returned in his second trip, that "La Navidad" was destroyed by the Indians and all Spaniards killed. Then he went to the east, founding the first European city in the American continent, near the present city of Puerto Plata; he named the city "La Isabela" in honor of Queen Isabella of Castile. The first Catholic mass in America was celebrated at La Isabela on January 6, 1494. From La Isabela, Columbus sent groups of persons to explore and take control of the island.

Because La Isabela was an unhealthy site, Bartholomew Columbus, brother of Christopher, established a new city, "La Nueva Isabela" (The New Isabela) on the south coast of the island, on the left side of the Ozama river. Because a hurricane destroyed the city, it was built again but on the right side of the river and with the new name of Santo Domingo. It is the oldest permanent European city in the Americas.

The Taíno population of the island decreased very fast because a combination of new diseases, like smallpox, and abuses by the Spaniards. Even if some black slaves were brought from Spain since 1501, the colony began to import African slaves when the colony began to grow sugar cane, around 1516, to produce sugar.

Spain kept conquering new regions of the Americas and, for the Spanish people, those new regions were more interesting because there was more gold; the population of the island grew very slowly. By the early 17th century, the island and its smaller neighbors (above all, the Tortuga island) became places often visited by Caribbean pirates. In 1606, the king of Spain gave the order that all inhabitants of Hispaniola had to move close to the city of Santo Domingo, to avoid interaction with pirates and Protestant people. This resulted in French, British and Dutch pirates establishing bases on the abandoned north and west coasts of the island.

In 1665, the presence of French people on the island had the official approval of the French king Louis XIV and he named Bertrand d'Ogeron as the governor of the western part of Hispaniola (in French, Saint-Domingue). By the Treaty of Ryswick, Spain gave the western third of the island to France and kept the eastern part. The development of the French "Saint-Domingue" was very fast, both in wealth and population, and it became the richest colony in the Caribbean. The eastern, Spanish colony of "Santo Domingo" remained poor and with a very low population.

The island of Hispaniola has an area of . There are two countries: the Republic of Haiti is in the western part of the island and the Dominican Republic in the eastern part. These two countries are separated by an artificial border, except in the northern and southern extremes where they are separated by the rivers Dajabón and Pedernales, respectively.

The island is separated from Cuba by the Windward Passage (81 km from Punta Maisí in Cuba to Cape Saint-Nicolas in Haiti), from Jamaica by the Jamaica Channel ( from Point Morante in Jamaica to Cape Irois in Haiti) and from Puerto Rico by the Mona Channel, as from Punta Higüero in Puerto Rico to Punta de Agua in the Dominican Republic.

The maximun length, east to west, is from Cape Engaño to Cape Irois. The maximum width, north to south, is from Cape Isabela to Cape Beata. The highest point of the island, and of the Caribbean is Duarte Peak ("Pico Duarte") in the Dominican Republic with ; the lowest point is in the Enriquillo Lake, which is about under sea level.

There are many smaller islands around the Hispaniola. The largest are:

The Hispaniola is an island with many mountains, and the highest peaks of the West Indies are here. The chains of mountains show a direction northwest-southeast, except in the Southern peninsula (in Haiti) where they have a direction west-east. The mountains are separated by valleys with the same general direction.

From north to south, the mountain ranges and valleys are:

The sources of the longest rivers of Hispaniola are in the mountains of the "Cordillera Central" (Dominican Republic) - "Massif du Nord" (Haiti).

The 10 longest rivers of the island are:

The largest lake of the Hispaniola, and of the West Indies, is the "Lake Enriquillo". It is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" with an area of 265 km². There are three small islands within the lake. It is around 40 meters below sea level and is a saline lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water.

The second largest lake, "Étang Saumâtre" (also known as "Lake Azuei"), is close to Lake Enriquillo but in Haiti, in the "Cul-de-Sac". It is also a saline lake with an area of around 170 km².

Others lakes are "Rincón" (fresh water, area of 28.2 km²), "Oviedo" (brackish water, area of 28 km²), "Redonda" "Limón", "Étang de Miragoâne".

Hispaniola has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean). At sea level, the average temperature is 25 °C, with small changes from one season to another. In the highest mountains, the temperature in winter can be as low as 0 °C.

There are two wet seasons: April-June and September-November. The most dry period is from December to March.

Rainfall varies greatly; eastern regions, like the Samaná Peninsula, get an average of over 2,000 mm in a year, but less than 500 mm fall in the southwest (Hoya de Enriquillo - Cul-de-Sac).

From June to November, hurricanes are frequent and can do much damage in the island.

Hispaniola has a total population, estimated for July 2013, of 20,113,564 inhabitants, for a density of 263 inhabitants per km².

In Haiti, 95% of the population belongs to the black ethnic group, and in the Dominican Republic it is about 70% of the population.

In the Dominican Republic, only Spanish is spoken (except for groups of immigrants) even if Haitian Creole is gaining importance because the massive immigration from Haiti. Both French and (Haitian) Creole are spoken in Haiti, and both are official languages.

In both countries, the main religion is Roman Catholicism. Protestant groups are important, more in Haiti (15% of the population) than in the Dominican Republic (5%).

The most important cities in the island are Santo Domingo (capital of Dominican Republic), Port-au-Prince (capital of Haiti), Santiago (Dominican Republic), Carrefour (Haiti).


Juventus F.C.

Juventus F.C., sometimes known as Juve, is an Italian football club that plays in Serie A. It was founded in 1897 and they play their home games at the Juventus Stadium in Turin.

The club is the most successful team in the history of Italian football. Overall, the club has won 51 official trophies, more than any other team in the country; 40 in Italy, which is also a record, and 11 in European and world competitions. The "Old Lady" is the third most successful club in Europe and the sixth in the world with the most international titles officially recognized by one of the six continental football confederations and FIFA.

The club was the first Italian to win the UEFA Cup. In 1985, Juventus, the only team in the world to have won all official international cups and championships became the first club in the history of European football to have won all three major UEFA club competitions.

In Italy, Juventus is the club which has the biggest fan base, having also one of the largest numbers of supporters in the world, with a total of 170 million Juventus supporters (Italian "tifosi") worldwide. The club is a founding member of the European Club Association, which was formed after the dissolution of the G-14, a collection of Europe's most elite clubs. The Torinese side is also recognized for its huge contribution to the Italy national team.

According to the all-time ranking published in 2009 by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics, an organization recognized by FIFA, Juventus were Italy's best club and second in Europe of the 20th century.




In more than 110 years of corporate history, at the helm of Juventus 23 presidents have come and gone and two management committees. The first president was Eugenio Canfari Juventus, one of the founding members.

The longest period in office was dominated by Giampiero Boniperti, at the helm of Juventus for 19 years from 1971 to 1990 [117]; Boniperti, like its successor Caissotti di Vittorio Chiusano, president from 1990 to 2003, boasts the largest trophy the history of the club.

The businessman Umberto Agnelli, who became chairman less than 21 years of age, in 1955, was the youngest to hold this office. Also noteworthy is the presidencies of the Swiss Alfred Dick and Giuseppe Hess and Frenchman Jean-Claude Blanc, the only non-Italian to become presidents of the club. In particular, Dick was the President of the "Bianconeri's" first championship (1905).

Currently, the contractor in charge of Juventus is Andrea Agnelli, who was elected president on April 28, 2010 by the shareholders at the club.

William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire

William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire, KG, PC (bapt. 1 June 1720 - 2 October 1764) was a British Whig statesman who was Prime Minister of Great Britain for a short period of time.


John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute

John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, KG, PC (25 May 1713 - 10 March 1792) was a Scottish nobleman. He was Prime Minister of Great Britain (1762–1763) under King George III. 

Spencer Compton, 1st Earl of Wilmington

Spencer Compton, 1st Earl of Wilmington, KG, KB, PC (1674–2 July 1743) was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain. 

Compton served in government from 1715, and as the head of government from 1742 until his death in 1743.

Compton worked closely with Lord Carteret, to get the support of the various factions making up the Government. Lord Carteret, was the Secretary of State for the Northern Department, which later became the Home Office.


Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham

Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham, KG, PC (13 May 1730-1 July 1782) was a British Whig statesman. He is most notable for his two terms as Prime Minister of Great Britain. He served in two high offices during his lifetime (Prime Minister and Leader of the House of Lords).


Frederick North, Lord North

Frederick North, 2nd Earl of Guilford, KG, PC (13 April 1732–5 August 1792), more often known by his as, Lord North, was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1770 to 1782. North also had a major part in the American Revolution.


Flyweight

In boxing, the term flyweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight. A flyweight is a boxer weighing above 49 kg (108 lb) and up to 52 kg (112 lb). Boxing organizations created many divisions so that fighters could fight people of the same size. Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs.

The flyweight division was the last of boxing's eight traditional weight classes. Before 1909, anyone below featherweight was considered a bantamweight. In 1911, the organization that eventually became the British Boxing Board of Control held a match that crowned Sid Smith as the first flyweight champion of the world. Jimmy Wilde, who reigned from 1914 to 1923, was the first boxer recognized both in Britain and the United States as a flyweight champion.

Other notable flyweights include Pancho Villa, Walter McGowan, Pascual Pérez, Pone Kingpetch, Fighting Harada, Masao Ohba, Chartchai Chionoi, Efren Torres, Erbito Salavarria, Miguel Canto, Dave McAuley, Charlie Magri, Gabriel Bernal, Santos Laciar, Sot Chitalada, Yong-Kang Kim, Yuri Arbachakov, Danny Romero, Mark "Too Sharp" Johnson, Manny Pacquiao, Jorge Arce, Vic Darchinyan, Nonito Donaire and Pongsaklek Wonjongkam.

Newtonian telescope

A Newtonian telescope is a type of telescope that was invented by the English scientist Sir Isaac Newton. The telescope sends an image to the back of the tube and then reflects it off an angled mirror back up the tube. The image then goes into an eyepiece and into the person's eye. The eyepiece uses one or more lenses that are used to make the image larger.

Early Newtonian telescopes were made for real science work. Now, "newtonians" are mostly used by amateur astronomers. The most popular type is the Dobsonian telescope, which is on a simple rockerbox mount. People like them because they are cheap to make and easy to use.


Project management

Project management is the way a person organizes and manages resources that are necessary to complete a project. People that manage projects are known as Project Managers. 

A project is a piece of work which is not a process or an operation. It has a start, an end, and goals. Projects can be very simple, like organising a party, or very complex, like building a satellite. 

The management of a project requires special skills. Project managers must ensure that the project is delivered within the existing limitations. These limitations can be time, cost, people, risk, and many more. Project managers must also ensure the best possible distribution of resources. A project manager works mainly with people. They need to have people management skills, a good understanding of the tasks and skills needed on a project, an understanding of how long tasks will take, good organising skills, good communication skills, and good efficiency skills. 

Project managers do not need to know how to do all of the work that may be needed in a project. For instance, a building project manager does not need to know how to pour concrete. However, they need to know how to manage people that pour concrete, and they need to know how long concrete takes to pour, how much it costs, what needs to happen before concrete is poured, and what needs to happen after concrete is poured. 


Vitré

Vitré is a city in the east of Brittany, France. Its name in the Breton language is "" and Gallo is "Vitræ". It has about 18,000 people. There are medieval streets, castles, churches, chapels and parks. It is a good example for a city of the Middle Ages.


Shiver me timbers

Shiver me timbers is an expression of disbelief that was mostly used by pirates. Originally, the phrase was Shiver my timbers.

Carcharodontosaurus

Carcharodontosaurus was a giant carnivorous dinosaur of the Cretaceous period, 100 - 94 million years ago. It was about 12 meters long and had a weight of about 8.2 tons, and a height of 5 metres tall. Fossils of "Carcharodontosaurus" were found in Africa by paleontologist Ernst Stromer. 

"Carcharodontosaurus" was closely related to the slightly larger than "Giganotosaurus", its cousin from Argentina; they are both carcharodontosaurid carnosaurs. Recent discoveries of "Carcharodontosaurus" put its adult length at 39 - 49 feet, making it the largest carnivorous dinosaur in Africa, after "Spinosaurus".

Only two "Carcharodontosaurus" fossils have been found. Two teeth were found in the 1920s. Other parts were found in Egypt in the 1930s. They were destroyed in bombing raids on Munich in World War II while they were on display.

A skull was uncovered in 1996: its length estimates were larger than the older ones and so was its skull, which measured 5.2 feet or 1.6 metres. Its jaws are narrow like those of "Giganotosaurus". Its teeth were up to 7 inches long.

Nastika

Astika (Sanskrit: : "orthodox") and Nastika: ("heterodox") are technical terms in Hinduism used to classify philosophical schools and persons, according to whether they accept the authority of the Vedas as supreme revealed scriptures, or not. By this definition, Nyaya, Vaisheshika, Samkhya, Yoga, Purva Mimamsa and Vedanta are classified as "astika" schools; while Charvaka, Jainism and Buddhism are considered "nastika" schools.

In non-technical usage, the term "astika" is sometimes loosely translated as "theist" while "nastika" is translated as "atheist". However this interpretation is distinct from the use of the term in Hindu philosophy. Notably even among the "astika" schools, "samkhya" and the early "mimamsa" school do not accept a God (see Atheism in Hinduism) while accepting the authority of the Vedas; they thus are "atheistic "astika" schools".

The three main heterodox schools of Indian philosophy do not base their beliefs on Vedic authority:


The use of the term "nastika" to describe Buddhism and Jainism in India is explained by Gavin Flood as follows:

At an early period, during the formation of the Upanişads and the rise of Buddhism and Jainism, we must envisage a common heritage of meditation and mental discipline practiced by renouncers with varying affiliations to non-orthodox (Veda-rejecting) and orthodox (Veda-accepting) traditions... These schools [such as Buddhism and Jainism] are understandably regarded as heterodox ("nāstika") by orthodox ("āstika") Brahmanism.
The Tantric traditions in Hinduism, have both "astika" and "nastika" lines; as Banerji writes in ""Tantra in Bengal"":
Tantras are ... also divided as "āstika" or Vedic and "nāstika" or non-Vedic. In accordance with the predominance of the deity the "āstika" works are again divided as Śākta, Śaiva, Saura, Gāṇapatya and Vaiṣṇava.


Capsicum

Capsicum is a genus of plants from the nightshade family (Solanaceae). 

Some of these plants are used as spices, vegetables, or drugs. The fruit of "Capsicum" plants have a variety of names. They are often called Chili pepper, red or green pepper, or just pepper in Britain and the US. 

The large mild form is called "bell pepper" in British English and the US, "capsicum" in New Zealand English, Australian English and "paprika" in some other countries (although "paprika" can also refer to the powdered spice made from various capsicum fruit).

Capsicums originated in the Americas, but are now grown worldwide.

The fruit of "most" species of "Capsicum" contains capsaicin. It is a defence against herbivory. Capsaicin is a chemical that can produce a strong burning sensation in the mouth (and anus) of the unaccustomed eater. Most mammals find this unpleasant, but birds are unaffected. The plants developed the secretion of capsaicin to protect the fruit from being eaten by mammals. At the same time, the bright colors attract birds. These birds will spread the seeds. 

The amount of capsaicin in peppers is highly variable and dependent on genetics. This means that almost all types of peppers have varied amounts of heat felt by those consuming them. The only pepper without capsaicin is the bell pepper. Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine. Capsaicin is also used in modern Western medicine to stimulate blood circulation or to relieve pain.

Black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations. These are caused by different substances though —piperine and hydroxy-alpha-sanshool, respectively.

"Capsicum" fruits and peppers can be eaten raw or cooked. Those used in cooking are generally varieties of the "C. annul" and "C. pubescens" species, though a few others are used as well. They are suitable for stuffing with fillings such as cheese, meat or rice.

They are also frequently used both chopped and raw in salads, or cooked in stir-fries or other mixed dishes. They can be sliced into strips and fried, roasted whole or in pieces, or chopped and incorporated into salsas or other sauces.

They can be preserved by drying or pickling. Dried peppers may be reconstituted whole, or processed into flakes or powders. Pickled or marinated peppers are frequently added to sandwiches or salads. Extracts can be made and incorporated into hot sauces.

In 2005, a poll of 2,000 people revealed peppers to be Britain's 4th favorite culinary vegetable.

Many varieties of the same species can be used in many different ways; for example, "C. annual" includes the "bell pepper" variety, which is sold in both its immature green state and its red, yellow or orange ripe state.

This same species has other varieties as well, such as the Anaheim chilly often used for stuffing, the dried Ancho chilly used to make chili powder, the mild-to-hot Jalapeño, and the smoked ripe Jalapeño, known as a Chipotle.

Most of the capsaicin in a pepper is found in the interior ribs that divide the chambers of the fruit, and to which the seeds are attached. At the stem end of the pod, glands secrete the capsaicin, which then spreads throughout, but is concentrated on the ribs and seeds. The amount varies very significantly by variety, and is measured in Scoville heat units (SHU), ranging from the mild bell pepper to the scorching Habanero chile.

The name given to the fruits varies between English-speaking countries.

In Australia, New Zealand, India, Singapore and Hong Kong, heatless species are called "capsicums" while hot ones are called "chilli/chillies" (double L). The term "bell peppers" is rarely used, usually in reference to C. annuum and other varieties which look like a "capsicum" or bell but are fairly hot.

In the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Canada, the heatless varieties are called "peppers", "sweet peppers" or "capsicums" (or "green peppers," "red peppers," etc.) while the hot ones are "chilli/chillies" (double L) or "chilli peppers".

In the United States and Canada, the common heatless species is referred to as "bell peppers," "sweet peppers," "red/green/etc peppers," or simply "peppers", while the hot species are collectively called "chile/chiles," "chili/chilies," or "chili/chile peppers" (one L only), "hot peppers", or named as a specific variety (e.g., banana pepper). In many midwestern regions of the United States the sweet bell pepper is commonly called a mango. With the modern advent of fresh tropical fruit importers exposing more people to the tropical fruit variety of the mango, this definition is becoming archaic. However many menus still call a stuffed bell pepper a "mango".

The name "pepper" came into use because the plants were hot in the same sense as the condiment black pepper, "Piper nigrum". But there is no botanical relationship with this plant, nor with sichuan pepper.

In Spanish-speaking countries there are many different names for each variety and preparation. In Mexico the term "chile" is used. Several other countries, such as Chile, whose name is unrelated, Perú, and Argentina, use "ají". In Spain, heatless varieties are called "pimiento" and hot varieties "guindilla".

In Indian English, the word "capsicum" is used exclusively for bell pepper. All other varieties of chili peppers are called chili. In northern India and Pakistan, bell pepper is also commonly called "shimla mirch" in the native languages. Shimla is a popular hill-station in India (and "mirch" means chili in native languages).

In Polish, the word "papryka" is used for capsiscum fruit and dry spice (the word "pieprz" is used for black, red, and green pepper, but not for capsisum fruit or spice).

In Hungarian, the word "paprika" is used for capsicum fruit and dry spice.

In Israel capsicum is commonly called "pilpel", meaning pepper in Hebrew.

You can test how hot a hot pepper can be by using the Scoville scale.

Capsicum is excellent source of laxative (purgative) and pain relief. Capsaicin has also been studied for possible prostate cancer fighting effects.



Cinnamomum

Cinnamomum is a genus of evergreen trees and shrubs. All of them belong to the same family as the laurel, Laurelaceae. The species in the genus have aromatic oils in their leaves and bark. There are over 300 species in the genus. They can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas, Oceania, Asia and Australasia. 

Well-known "Cinnamomum" species include Cinnamon ("Cinnamomum verum", also known as "true cinnamon" or Ceylon Cinnamon); Cassia ("C. aromaticum" or "C. cassia"), Camphor laurel ("C. camphora"), Saigon cinnamon ("C. loureiroi", also known as Vietnamese cinnamon, Vietnamese cassia, or Saigon cassia), Malabathrum ("C. tamala", also known as "C. tejpata"; "tejpat" or "tej pat" in Hindi; or, inaccurately, "Indian bay leaf").

London Stock Exchange

The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is a stock exchange in London, England. It is the biggest stock exchange in the Europe and third largest in the world. 

The Royal Exchange, London was officially opened on 23 January 1571 by Queen Elizabeth I. This is where the regulated stock market started. From 1801 dealers had to pay a subscription. The government used the Exchange's organised market (and would most likely not have managed without it) to raise the enormous amount of money required for the wars against Napoleon.

The new Stock Exchange Tower was opened on 8 November 1972; it was a new City landmark, with a 23,000 sq ft (2,100 m) trading floor. From 1973 women and foreign-born members were allowed. The London Stock Exchange formally merged with the eleven British and Irish regional exchanges. It became a company, no longer owned by its members in 2001.

In 2004 it moved to a brand-new headquarters in Paternoster Square. It bought Refinitiv, a financial data company, in 2019 for $27 billion. It then sold Borsa Italiana, the owner of Milan’s stock exchange.

The growth of the electronic processing of financial transactions means that face-to-face trading no longer happens. Normal trading sessions are from 08:00 to 16:30 local time every day of the week except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays declared by the exchange in advance.

In 2011 there were 2,938 companies from over 60 countries listed on the London Stock Exchange. The total value of these companies is £3.9 trillion.

The FTSE 100 Index (often called the "Footsie") is like the Dow Jones Industrial Average in the United States. FTSE stands for Financial Times Stock Exchange. The 100 most valuable companies listed are tracked. The value of a company is calculated by multiplying the share price of the company by the total number of shares they have issued. The index took the place of the FT30 in January 1984. 

The FTSE 250 follows the share prices of the 101st to the 350th largest companies. There is also the FTSE 350 Index which combines the FTSE 100 and 250, and the FTSE SmallCap Index, which tracks the 351st to the 619th largest-listed companies. The the FTSE All-Share Index is an index of all 620 companies listed.

They are calculated by computers in real time, and the cost of shares in the companies is reported every minute.

In 2023 data and analytics businesses made most of the company's money. Less than 4% came from listing and trading cash equities. Microsoft bought 4% of the company in 2022.

The 4400

The 4400 was a science fiction television series. The series ran from 2004 to 2007.

"The 4400" is a reference to 4400 people who disappeared mysteriously over the last century. These people all returned near Seattle, Washington at the same time from a large ball of light. They had not gotten older. After a short time, each person that came back started showing some special abilities, for example: healing, precognition (seeing the future), and persuasion.



Foyle's War

Foyle's War is a British detective drama television show. It started on 27 October 2002 and ended on 18 January 2015. The show is set during and after World War II.

On 12 January 2015, it was announced by ITV that they would not commission any more episodes because of how much production costs and their intention to air original drama commissions. The last episode of the series aired on 18 January 2015.


Giant anteater

The giant anteater, "Myrmecophaga", is an animal that lives in Central and South America.It is also known as the ant bear 

It the only mammal without teeth. Its diet consists of termites and ants, hence the name. It is the largest anteater: its length is between 182 cm and 217 cm. Males weigh between 33 and 41 kg, female are 27 and 39 kg. This species lives on the ground, in contrast to other living anteaters and sloths which are arboreal or semi-arboreal. It forages in open areas and rests in more forested habitats.

The giant anteater is adapted to eat termites and ants, and does not have any teeth in its mouth. It uses its front claws to dig them up and its long, sticky tongue to collect them. They eat about 30,000 ants and termites every day.

The tongue can reach up to , longer than the length of the skull, and move in and out around 160 times per minute (nearly three times per second). The anteater's tongue has little to no attachments to the hyoid and this is what allows it to flick its tongue at such distances and speed. The hyoid apparatus is large, V-shaped and flexible and supports the tongue as it goes in and out of the mouth. Before being swallowed, insects are crushed against the palate.

The giant anteater knuckle-walks, meaning its front toes are curled under like a fist when it moves. It is one of only a few animals other than primates that do this.


Sanctuary (TV series)

Sanctuary is a Canadian science-fiction-fantasy television series.

The show originally started out as a no-cost eight-webisode series and later expanded into a television-based 13-episode season after Syfy decided to buy the rights to it. The show ran for 4 seasons before Syfy said that the show had been cancelled.


William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne

William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne (15 March 1779 – 24 November 1848) was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

Lamb was elected to Parliament in 1806 as a member of the Whig party.
Lamb served as Irish Secretary in the government. 

Lamb became Lord Melbourne when his father died. His family home was in Melbourne in Derbyshire. Melbourne in Australia is named after William Lamb. 

Melbourne became Home Secretary during Lord Grey's government. Grey resigned in 1834 and Melbourne became Prime Minister.

Melbourne was dismissed by King William IV who wanted the Robert Peel's party. Melbourne came back when the Whigs won the next election. 

Melbourne was Prime Minister when Queen Victoria became queen. He helped her learn about how the government worked. 

Melbourne helped to reduce the number of people killed for doing crimes. Melbourne also made changes to local government.

Melbourne resigned in 1841, and died on 24 November 1848.

Silicon Valley

Silicon Valley is the southern part of the San Francisco Bay Area in California in the United States. The term originally meant the innovators and manufacturers of silicon chip who worked here, but now means all the high-tech businesses in the area, and for the high-tech sector generally.

Silicon Valley includes the northern part of Santa Clara Valley and adjacent communities in the southern parts of the San Francisco Peninsula and East Bay. It reaches from Menlo Park (on the Peninsula) and the Fremont/Newark area in the East Bay down to San Jose.

Currently, many locations in Silicon Valley are full of tourists.

The term "Silicon Valley" was coined by journalist Don Hoefler in 1971. He used it as the title of a series of articles "Silicon Valley USA" in a weekly trade newspaper Electronic News which started with the January 11, 1971 issue. "Valley" refers to the Santa Clara Valley, located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay, while "Silicon" refers to the high concentration of semiconductor and computer-related industries in the area. These and similar technology firms slowly replaced the orchards which gave the area its initial nickname, the "Valley of Heart's Delight".

The San Francisco Bay Area had long been a major site of U.S. Navy work, as well as the site of the Navy's large research airfield at Moffett Field. A number of technology firms had set up shop in the area around Moffett to serve the Navy. When the Navy moved most of its West Coast operations to San Diego, NASA took over portions of Moffett for aeronautics research. Many of the original companies stayed, while new ones moved in. The immediate area was soon filled with aerospace firms.

However, there was almost no civilian "high-tech" industry in the area. Although there were a number of excellent schools in the area, graduating students almost always moved east or south (that is, to Los Angeles County) to find work. This was particularly annoying to Frederick Terman, a professor at Stanford University. He decided that a vast area of unused Stanford land was perfect for real estate development, and set up a program to encourage students to stay in the area by enabling them to easily find venture capital. One of the major success stories of the program was that it convinced two students to stay in the area, William Hewlett and David Packard. In 1939, they founded Hewlett-Packard in Packard's garage, which would go on to be one of the first "high tech" firms in the area that was not directly related to NASA or the U.S. Navy.

Commercial use of the Internet became practical and grew slowly throughout the early 1990s. In 1995, commercial use of the Internet grew and the first wave of internet startups, Amazon.com, eBay, and Craigslist began operations.

Thousands of high technology companies are headquartered in Silicon Valley; among those, the following are in the Fortune 1000:


Additional notable companies headquartered (or with a significant presence) in Silicon Valley include (some defunct or subsumed):


Befitting its heritage, Silicon Valley is home to the high-tech superstore chain Fry's Electronics.

"For a larger list of companies, see "


Technically the following universities are not located in Silicon Valley, but have been instrumental as sources of research and new graduates:

A number of cities are located in Silicon Valley (in alphabetical order):


Cities sometimes associated with the region:

In the James Bond film "A View to a Kill", villain Max Zorin plans to destroy Silicon Valley by detonating explosives between the "Hayward Fault" and "San Andreas Fault", causing them to flood. He dubs the operation 'Main Strike' in order to gain complete control of the microchip market by selling his own and destroying the competition.



Signal (biology)

A signal in biology is any kind of coded message sent from one organism to another, or from one place in an organism to another place.


In biology, especially in electrophysiology, a signal or biopotential is an electric quantity (voltage or current or field strength), that is caused by chemical reactions of charged ions. Biological signals can also be seen as an example of signal (electrical engineering).

Another use of the term lies in the transfer of information between and within cells, as in signal transduction. 


Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury

Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury (3 February 1830 - 22 August 1903) was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was known as Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and as Viscount Cranborne from 1865 until 1868.

Salisbury served as Prime Minister three times for a total of over thirteen years. When Prime Minister, he acted as his own Foreign Minister.

Lord Cecil was elected to Parliament in 1853 as a member of the Conservative Party. In 1866 (now called Viscount Cranborne), he served as Secretary of State for India under Prime Minister Lord Derby. Cranborne resigned, but he would return to government in 1874, now as the Marquess of Salisbury. Salisbury was again Secretary of State for India under Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. In 1878, Salisbury became Foreign Secretary in the Disraeli government.

Salisbury became the Conservative Party leader. Salisbury first served as Prime Minister from 23 June 1885, to 28 January 1886. His first government did not last long as the Conservatives did not have full control.

Salisbury became Prime Minister again on 25 July 1886, with a majority. He would be in office until 11 August 1892. His third time as Prime Minister was from 25 June 1895, until 11 July 1902.

Two issues dominated his time as Prime Minister. One was the struggle between European powers seizing parts of Africa, the so-called "Scramble for Africa". The United Kingdom fought the Second Boer War while Salisbury was Prime Minister.

The other was Ireland, the rise of Irish nationalism amongst Catholics in Ireland. This was backed by his great opponent, Gladstone, leader of the Liberal Party and also three times Prime Minister.

Salisbury helped establish the London County Council. Salisbury built up the Royal Navy. Africa was divided up into colonies. 

Salisbury resigned on 11 July 1902. He died on 22 August 1903. The great issues that had divided the country in his time (colonialism, Ireland and Africa) would last in British politics for most of the next century. The one great issue that was not appreciated at the time was the rise of militant German nationalism, which would in the next century lead to two World Wars. Throughout his career Salisbury wrote articles for the "Quarterly Review", which have now been edited and published.

Electrophysiology

Electrophysiology is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues. It involves measurements of voltage change or electrical current flow on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins, to whole tissues like the heart. In neuroscience, it includes measurements of the electrical activity of neurons, and particularly action potential activity.

Classical electrophysiology involves placing electrodes into various preparations of biologic tissue. The principle types of electrodes are: 1) simple solid conductors, such as discs and needles (singles or arrays), 2) tracings on a printed circuit boards, and 3) hollow tubes filled with an electrolyte, such as glass pippettes. The principal preparations include 1) living organisms, 2) excised tissue (acute or cultured), 3) dissociated cells from excised tissue (acute or cultured), 4) artificially grown cells or tissues, or 5) hybrids of the above.

If an electrode is small enough in diameter (on the order of microns), then the electrophysiologist may choose to insert the tip into a single cell. 

Many particular electrophysiological readings have specific names:


Ion channel

An ion channel is a pore-forming protein that helps to establish and control the small voltage gradient across the plasma membrane of all living cells (see resting potential) by allowing the flow of ions down their electrochemical gradient. They are present in the membranes that surround all biological cells.

An ion channel is an integral membrane protein or more typically an assembly of several proteins.

The 2003 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Peter Agre and Roderick MacKinnon for their discovery of ion channels.




Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth

Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, PC (30 May 1757–15 February 1844) was a British statesman. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804.

His father was a physician specialising in the treatment of mental illness. His father was one of George III's doctors and this resulted in Addington being known (in no friendly spirit) as "The Doctor". Before becoming Prime Minister he had been Speaker of the House of Commons.

He tried but failed to negotiate a lasting peace with Napoleon's France.

He was not well regarded as Prime Minister and his capabilities were summed up in the rhyme: "Pitt is to Addington as London is to Paddington". As Viscount Sidmouth, he was a very reactionary Home Secretary in the Government of the Earl of Liverpool but he was eventually persuaded to retire in favour of Sir Robert Peel.

Augustus FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton

Augustus Henry FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton, KG, PC (1 October 1735 – 14 March 1811) was a British Whig statesman. He was one of a handful of dukes who were Prime Minister of Great Britain.

He studied at Westminster School and then got a degree from Peterhouse College in Cambridge.


William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville

William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville PC (25 October 1759–12 January 1834), was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister. Grenville was the son of Prime Minister George Grenville. 

He was educated at Eton College, Christ Church, Oxford and Lincoln's Inn.

Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool

Robert Banks Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool (7 June 1770–4 December 1828) was an English politician and the longest serving Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (Robert Walpole held office for longer, but only as Prime Minister of Great Britain) During his time as Prime Minister from 1812 to 1827, Liverpool became known for the harsh rules he put in place to restore order, but he also led the country through the bad period that followed the Napoleonic Wars. Important events during his time as Prime Minister included the Congress of Vienna, the Corn Laws, Catholic emancipation and the Peterloo Massacre.


Frederick John Robinson, 1st Viscount Goderich

Frederick John Robinson, 1st Earl of Ripon PC (1 November 1782 – 28 January 1859) was a British statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (when he was known as Lord Goderich). 


Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington

Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, KG, GCB, GCH, PC, FRS (1 May 1769–14 September 1852) was a soldier and statesman. He was one of the leading military and political figures of 19th-century Britain. His defeat of Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 put him in the top rank of Britain's military heroes. In 2002 he was number 15 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons.

Wellesley was born in Dublin into a wealthy Anglo-Irish aristocratic protestant family. Starting as an ensign in the British Army, he served well in British India and in the Napoleonic Wars, mostly in the Peninsular War, where he reached the rank of Field Marshal. He became a Duke when Napoleon was exiled to Elba. 

Wellington is often compared to the 1st Duke of Marlborough. They had many things in common, including being in politics after a highly successful military career. 

Wellington was twice Tory Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was one of the leading figures in the House of Lords until his retirement in 1846. He remained Commander-in-Chief of the British Army until his death.


Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey

Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey, KG, PC (13 March 1764 – 17 July 1845) was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister. Earl Grey tea, a type of tea with a bergamot orange flavour is named after him. He was the son of Major General Charles Grey, 1st Earl Grey.

John Russell, 1st Earl Russell

John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, KG, GCMG, PC (18 August 1792 – 28 May 1878) was an English Whig and Liberal politician. He served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century.

Russell was known as "Lord John Russell", which is called a courtesy title. As the third son of the then Duke of Bedford, he was entitled to use one of the family's lower titles. Before becoming Prime Minister, he served in other important posts, such as Home Secretary, Colonial Secretary and Foreign Secretary.

Henry Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston

Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston, KG, GCB, PC (20 October 1784 – 18 October 1865) was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century. He began his parliamentary career as a Tory and ended it as a Liberal.

He is best remembered for his leading of British foreign policy in a period of time when the United Kingdom was at its strongest. He served as both Foreign Secretary and Prime Minister. Some of his actions, now sometimes called 'liberal interventionist', were disliked by the Queen and by many of his fellow politicians.

George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen

George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen, KG, KT, PC (28 January 1784–14 December 1860) was a Scottish Tory/Peelite politician. He served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1852 until 1855.

Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby

Edward George Geoffrey Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, KG, PC (29 March 1799–23 October 1869) was an English statesman. He served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom three times. To date, Derby was the longest serving leader of the Conservative Party. Derby is one of only four British Prime Ministers to have been in office three or more times. However each time he was only in office for less than two years. Derby was Prime Minister for a total of just over four years, less than many other Prime Ministers.

Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery

Archibald Philip Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery (7 May 184721 May 1929) was a British Liberal politician and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, also known as Archibald Primrose (1847–1851), Lord Dalmeny (1851–1868).

After an education at Eton and Oxford, Dalmeny succeeded to his grandfather's Scottish earldom in 1868.

Becoming involved in politics, he became a Liberal, and was involved in Gladstone's Midlothian campaign, which brought the Liberals back into power in 1880. In the Liberal administration that followed, Rosebery served in junior offices, including that of Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, before entering the Cabinet as Lord Privy Seal in March 1885.

Rosebery became a leader of the Liberal Imperialist faction of the Liberal Party, and in Gladstone's third (1886) and fourth (1892–1894) administrations, Rosebery served as Foreign Secretary. When Gladstone retired in 1894, Rosebery became his successor as Prime Minister, much to the disgust of the more left-wing Liberals. Rosebery's government was largely unsuccessful—his designs in foreign policy, such as expansion of the fleet, were defeated by disagreements within the Liberal Party, while the Tory-dominated House of Lords stopped the whole of the Liberals' domestic legislation. In 1895, Rosebery resigned, and a Conservative government under Lord Salisbury took his place.

Rosebery resigned as leader of the Liberal Party in 1896, and gradually moved further and further from the mainstream of the party, supporting the Boer War and opposing Irish Home Rule, a position which prevented him from taking part in the Liberal government that returned to power in 1905. In his later years, Rosebery turned to writing, including biographies of Lord Chatham, Pitt the Younger, Napoleon, and Lord Randolph Churchill. He was also famous for his champion racehorses.

Roseberry was extremely wealthy, even by the standards of the aristocracy before the First World War. He owned 12 houses, all of them grand, and some of huge size.

By marriage, he acquired:
With his fortune, he bought:
As Earl of Rosebery, he was laird of:
He rented:

It was rumoured that Rosebery was homosexual or bisexual. Like Oscar Wilde, he was hounded by Queensbury for his association with one of Queensberry's sons. It was Francis Douglas, who was Roseberry's private secretary. The suggestion was that Queensberry had threatened to expose the Prime Minister if his government did not vigorously prosecute Wilde for Wilde's relationship with Francis Douglas's younger brother, Lord Alfred Douglas. Queensberry believed, as he put it in a letter, that "Snob Queers like Rosebery" had corrupted his sons, and he held Rosebery indirectly responsible for Drumlanrig's death.


Henry Campbell-Bannerman

Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman (7 September 1836 - 22 April 1908) was a Scottish- born British Liberal statesman. He served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 5 December 1905 until resigning because of bad health on 3 April 1908. 

Campbell-Bannerman was born in Glasgow, Scotland, in 1836 as Henry Campbell. The surname "Bannerman" was added to his surname in 1871 as required by his uncle's will. It was a requirement of his inheritance of his uncle's Kent estate, Hunton Court.

Seriously ill by the time of his resignation as Prime Minister, he died just nineteen days later. He remains the most recent Prime Minister to die in 10 Downing Street.

Pitch

Pitch can mean:


United States Census Bureau

The United States Census Bureau (officially Bureau of the Census) is a part of the United States government that is responsible for the United States Census.
The Census Bureau is a part of the United States Department of Commerce.

The Constitution of the United States says that the population must be counted at least once every ten years (through the U.S. Census). This is done to calculate how many Federal Representatives in Congress each state should have. The Census Bureau is in charge of doing this. It collects statistics about the nation, its people, and its economy. The Census Bureau's legal authority is listed in Title 13 of the United States Code. The first census bureau was in 1790.

Since 1903, The Bureau of the Census has been the census-taking organization of the United States government. The Bureau is led by a Director, who is helped by a deputy director and associate directors.

The Census Bureau headquarters is located at 4600 Silver Hill Road, Suitland, Maryland. There are regional offices in 12 cities: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Detroit, Chicago, Kansas City, Seattle, Charlotte, Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, and Los Angeles. More offices are set up and used when it comes time to do the census every 10 years.

The Census Bureau also use real-time extrapolation of information on population, birth, and death to give their estimates of the number of people in the United States and the world.



Signal processing

Signal processing is the analysis, interpretation and manipulation of signals. Signals of interest include sound, images, biological signals such as ECG, radar signals, and many others.

Processing of such signals includes storage and reconstruction, separation of information from noise (e.g., aircraft identification by radar), compression (e.g., image compression), and feature extraction (e.g., converting text to speech).

For analog signals, signal processing may involve the amplification and filtering of audio signals for audio equipment or the modulation and demodulation of signals for telecommunication. For digital signals, signal processing may involve the compression, error checking and error detection of digital signals.


Signal processing is the analysis, interpretation and manipulation of acquired signals. Acquired signals must to be processed depending on the purpose of measurement, a method of measurement, and a property of acquired signals.

When signals are processed, statistics is used because it's essential to know a distribution of data and represent data by numerical formulas. In other words, to study signal processing, it's demanded to study statistics (like the theory of error, the arithmetical mean, probability, a stochastic variable, accuracy, and detailed drawing, etc.).

In most cases, signals are regular, as it is acquired from electric instruments like telemeter, or communications equipment, etc. But there are also many accidentally occurred irregular signals which make it difficult to find formulas that fit exactly. Here, the irregular means it's hard to predict the result which is not yet occurred. When irregular signals are acquired, photon is necessary, so it is measured, and calculated.


Henri Troyat

Henri Troyat, born Levon Aslan Torossian or Lev Aslanovich Tarasov, (November 1, 1911 – March 2, 2007) was a French author, biographer, historian and novelist. Originally, his family was from Armenia.

He was born in Moscow. His family fled Russia, because they feared the coming revolution. After a long exile, the family settled in Paris in 1920, where young Troyat was schooled and later earned a law degree.

He won his first literary award at the age of 24, "le prix du Roman populaire". At the age of 27 he was awarded the prestigious Prix Goncourt.

He published more than 100 books, novels and biographies, among them those of Anton Chekhov, Catherine the Great, Rasputin, Ivan the Terrible and Leo Tolstoy. He was at his death the dean of the Académie française.

His best-known work is "La neige en deuil", which was adapted as an English-language movie in 1956 under the title "The Mountain".

Rondônia

Rondônia is a state in Brazil. It is in the northwest of the country. To the west is the state of Acre. To the north is the state of Amazonas. In the east is Mato Grosso. In the south is Bolivia. Its capital is Porto Velho. The state was named after Candido Rondon.

Other cities include:

The state is covered mostly by jungle of the Amazon Rainforest. About three-fifths of the state has had the jungle removed since the 1970s. Most of the people living in the state now live in urban areas. It is a big exporter of wood. The state also makes both coffee and cocoa. The breeding of cattle is also important here.

The flag was made by Silvio Carvalho Feitosa. It was made the flag of the state on December 22, 1981. The flag uses the same colors of the flag of Brazil. The big star in the middle of the flag is a symbol for the new state. The star is shown rising into the blue sky that is stretching over Brazil (the yellow and green areas in the lower half of the flag).

The Akuntsu tribe is one of the tribes of Rondônia. They are one of the indigenous peoples of Brazil. They were first contacted in only 1995. At that time, there were only seven people in the tribe. As of 2006, there were six people. They live in the Igarape Omere region to the southwest of Rondônia. The tribe consists of chief Kunibu Baba (male, age: ~ 70), Pupak (male, age: ~ 40), Ururu (female, age:~80) and three women with ages from 23 to 35. The seventh member of the tribe died in 1995. The only child born after that died in 2000 in a storm. With his death the only hope of the tribe not becoming extinct lessened.


Singular

In linguistics, noun phrases have grammatical number. Singular is one kind of grammatical number. A singular noun phrase usually refers to something that you would count as one only (e.g., "one time", "a glass", "the sun", "my mother", "Jennifer"). Noun phrases that cannot be counted are also singular in English (e.g., "water", "the meat", "some space", etc.). In contrast, plural noun phrases are counted as more or less than one (e.g., "no bananas", "0.5 liters", "1.2 grams", "two times", "three fish", "20 mothers").

Cantons of Switzerland

Switzerland is divided into 26 different territories called "cantons". A canton is similar to a state in the United States.

In the past, each canton had its own army and money. This changed in 1848 when Switzerland finished a civil war and changed to the structure it has now.

The cantons Uri, Schwyz, Unterwalden (Nidwalden and Obwalden together are called "Unterwalden") are called "Urkantone". An Urkanton is a canton that existed since the foundation of Switzerland in 1291. With time, other cantons joined Switzerland. "Jura" is the newest canton in Switzerland since 1978. In that year, it split from the canton of Bern, after some rioting.

The cantons of Basel-Stadt, Basel-Landschaft, Appenzell Innerrhoden, Appenzell-Ausserrhoden, Obwalden and Nidwalden are different from the others in one way. For historical reasons, their voting is counted differently in national elections. Other than that, they are the same as the others.

In Switzerland, the individual municipalities and cantons are very free. Usually, there is a Swiss law (at the level of the whole confederation). Very often this states general things and says that the cantons must follow this rule. The cantons then make detailed rules, each in the way it sees fit. Sometimes this leads to strange situations. There are 26 different schooling systems.

Drug abuse is a federal offense. Punishment is usually one to three years, but can also be only a fine. The problem is: Consumption itself (not trading, or giving away for free) is not punishable. Also in light cases, the police can say that there will be no fine. This has led to the fact, that in each canton, this law is applied differently. In one canton, smoking marijuana will mean a fine, in another, it can mean a prison term.

The word for that is called federalism. That means each canton has its own government and constitution. The constitution is the highest law in a state.

The cantons are listed in the order given in the federal constitution.
Notes: As of 31 December 2001, National Statistics, km², per km², based on 2000 population seat of government and parliament, the seat of the judicial authorities is Trogen.

The two-letter abbreviations for Swiss cantons are widely used, e.g. on car license plates and in the ISO 3166-2 codes (with the prefix "CH-", i.e. CH-SZ for the canton of Schwyz).

Nervous system

The nervous system is a body system which sends signals around the body. It lets animals respond to what is around them. The "central nervous system" is the brain, the spinal cord, and nerves. It is present in almost all animals. It is there to process the input from the senses, and to coordinate movement. Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system.

The nervous system is made up of neurons. Other cells, such as glial cells keep the neurons safe and healthy.

The structure of the system includes the brain and spinal cord, which together are called the "central nervous system." The brain has billions of nerve cells to help think, walk, and breathe. The nervous system can react in 1/100 of a second to a stimulus, like a pain signal.

The system of nerves in your body that sends messages for controlling movement and feeling between the brain and the other parts of the body anatomy of nervous systems can be sub-divided as follows:


Alexandre Dumas, fils

Alexandre Dumas, fils (fils is French for "son"), (27 July 1824 – 27 November 1895) was the son of Alexandre Dumas, père (père is French for "father"). Like his father, Alexandre Dumas, fils was a celebrated author and playwright.

Alexandre Dumas "fils" was born in Paris, France, the illegitimate child of Marie-Catherine Labay, a dressmaker, and novelist Alexandre Dumas. In 1831 his father legally recognized him (he adopted him) and ensured the young Dumas received the best education possible at the Institution Goubaux and the College Bourbon. At that time, the law allowed the elder Dumas to take the child away from his mother. Her agony inspired Dumas "fils" to write about tragic female characters. In almost all of his writings, he emphasized the moral purpose of literature and in his 1858 play, "Le fils naturel" ("The Illegitimate Son"), he wrote about the belief that if a man fathers an illegitimate child, then he has an obligation to legitimize the child and marry the woman.

Dumas' paternal great-grandparents were a white French nobleman and a young black Haitian woman. In the boarding schools, Dumas "fils" was constantly taunted by his classmates. These issues all profoundly influenced his thoughts, behaviour, and writing.

In 1844, Dumas "fils" moved to Saint-Germain-en-Laye to live with his father. There, he met Marie Duplessis, a young courtesan who would be the inspiration for his romantic novel, "La dame aux camélias" ("The Lady of the Camellias"). Adapted into a play, it was titled in English (especially in the United States) as "Camille" and is the basis for Verdi's 1853 opera, "La Traviata". Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money, he had a huge success with the play. With this work began the playwriting career of Dumas "fils" which not only eclipsed that of his father during his lifetime but also dominated the serious French stage for most of the second half of the nineteenth century. After this, he virtually abandoned the novel (though his semi-autobiographical "L'Affaire Clemenceau" (1867) achieved some success).

In 1864, Dumas married Nadeja Naryschkine, with whom he had a daughter. After Naryschkine's death, he married Henriette Regnier.

In 1874, he was admitted to the Académie française and in 1894 he was awarded the "Légion d'Honneur".

Alexandre Dumas the son died at Marly-le-Roi, Yvelines, on 27 November 1895 and was interred in the Cimetière de Montmartre in Paris. It was, perhaps coincidentally, only some 100 metres away from Marie Duplessis.




Conjunctivitis

Conjunctivitis (also known as pinkeye) is a medical condition when the "Conjunctiva" (a transparent membrane that lines the outer eye, and inner part of the eyelid) becomes inflamed. The cause of conjunctivitis can be either bacterial or viral infection.


Cerulean

Cerulean is a range of colours from teal-blue, sky-blue, bright blue, or azure to deep cyan. The word cerulean comes from the Latin word "caeruleum", which means "sky" or "heavens". This was in turn from Latin "caeruleus" deep blue: resembling the blue of the sky.

In classical times, this term was used to describe blue pigments, particularly mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides, called genuine cerulean. These early attempts to create sky blue colours were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence. When the artificial pigment cerulean blue was invented people started using this instead.

The first recorded use of "cerulean" as a colour name in English was in 1590.




John Barrowman

John Scot Barrowman (born 11 March 1967) is a Scottish-American actor, author, presenter and singer.

Barrowman was born on 11 March 1967 in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, but moved to Joliet, Illinois, United States when he was 8 years old and grew up there. He is citizen of both the United Kingdom and the United States because of this. Barrowman was a contestant on the first series of "Dancing on Ice" in 2006.

Barrowman is most known for playing the character Captain Jack Harkness in the television series "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood". He is also a famous musical actor and singer. He has appeared in many musicals, as well as television shows about musicals. He also has been a presenter for series such as "Live & Kicking and, the Hollow Earth trilogy". He is currently staring in CW's Arrow as Malcolm Merlyn.

Barrowman is openly gay. He has been in a relationship with Scott Gill since 1993. They have been civil partners since 2006. They married in 2013.

Swamp

A swamp is a type of wetland ecosystem. Swamps are forested, low, spongy land generally saturated with water and covered with trees and aquatic plants. Big parts of swamps are often flooded with water. Swamps are nesting and breeding grounds for birds and other animals.

The water of a swamp may be fresh water, brackish water, or seawater. Freshwater swamps form along large rivers or lakes. Saltwater swamps are found along tropical and subtropical coastlines. 

About 6 percent of Earth's surface is covered by swamps. Swamps are also filters for groundwater, and protect against flooding. Swamps are one of the key wetland areas which are protected by the international agency Ramsar.

Some well-known swamps are: 

Peat accumulates in these swamps. Some of the world's largest swamps are found along major rivers such as the Amazon, the Mississippi, and the Congo.

Diego Rivera

Diego Rivera (December 8, 1886 – November 24, 1957) was a famous Mexican painter and muralist. He was born in Guanajuato City, Guanajuato.

Rivera is famous for his 1933 mural, "Man at the Crossroads," for the lobby of the RCA Building at Rockefeller Center. Before he finished the mural, people saw that there was an image of Vladimir Lenin and other communist images in it. Rivera was fired because of this and the mural was destroyed.

Rivera's wife, Frida Kahlo, was also a famous Mexican painter. He died in Mexico City of congestive heart failure at the age of 70.


[[category: he was a painter but one of the his painting broke and he got fired[[
David Alfaro Siqueiros

David Alfaro Siqueiros (December 29, 1896 in Camargo, Chihuahua, Mexico – January 6, 1974 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico) was a famous painter and muralist. He was famous for large public murals using the latest in equipment, materials and technique.


Avenged Sevenfold

Avenged Sevenfold (or A7X) is an American hard rock band. The band started in Huntington Beach, California in 1999. The band is sometimes called "A7X", which is a title started by the band's guitarist, Zacky Vengeance.

Avenged Sevenfold's first few albums were metalcore, before the band became more hard rock/heavy metal. In December 2009, the band's drummer, The Rev, died from a drug overdose. He was 28 years old.




Avenged Sevenfold has released three extended plays.


Siege

A siege is a military blockade of a city or fortress. The purpose is to conquer by starvation, lack of water, or by a well-prepared assault. 

Siege warfare is a form of constant, low-intensity conflict. The defender inside has a strong, static, defensive position. Negotiation between combatants is common.

A siege happens when the attacker gets to a city or fortress which cannot be taken by storm, and which refuses to surrender. Sieges block the supplies and reinforcements or escape of men. Siege engines, artillery bombardment, and undermining are frequent. Deception and treachery are common.

Sieges can be decided by starvation, thirst, or disease. This form of siege can take many months or even years, depending upon the size of the stores of food the fortified position holds. 

Well known sieges were:


Hull

A hull can be:

In mathematics:

Other places:

There are several people named Hull:

There is also:

River Hull

The River Hull is a river in Yorkshire in the north of England.

It has its source in the Yorkshire Wolds. It joins the River Humber estuary in the centre of Kingston upon Hull.

The river separates the industrial area of the city, and several opening bridges have been constructed. These continue to cause traffic delays during high tides, though river traffic is not so heavy any more in recent years.

These are the bridges in the Hull area:-


Hull (watercraft)

A hull is the body of a ship or boat. It is a central concept in floating vessels as it provides the buoyancy that keeps the vessel from sinking.

Almost all watercraft, from small boats to the largest ships, have a general form that is necessary for stability and efficient propulsion, which includes:


Archimedes, a Greek doctor, inventor, and mathematician, made the science of "hydrostatics", the study of liquids and pressure. The Archimedes principle says that the force holding up an object that is inside a liquid in part or totally is equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object. So, a ship would sink, unless it moves an amount of water that is the same weight of the weight of the ship. The weight must be over a wide area to work. This explains why ships and boats (including submarines) float. An object's weight pulls down in the direction of gravity, but the water's buoyant (floating) force pushes it up. Because these forces counteract each other, the object seems to have no weight. NASA uses this principle to prepare their astronauts for the weightlessness of space, so they had the astronauts work on parts of the space ship inside water tanks 25 feet (7.6 m) deep.

Bow is the frontmost part of the hull

Stern is the rear-most part of the hull

Portside is the left side of the boat when facing the Bow

Starboard is the right side of the boat when facing the Bow

Waterline is an imaginary line around the hull that matches the surface of the water when the hull is not moving.

Midships is the midpoint of the LWL (see below). It is half-way from the forwardmost point on the waterline to the rear-most point on the waterline.

Baseline an imaginary reference line used to measure vertical distances from. It is usually located at the bottom of the hull.

Hull forms are defined as follows: 



Buoyancy

In physics, buoyancy (lit: float force) () is a force on an object making that object rise or move upward. It comes from the Spanish word for "float", "boyar". Buoyancy is made by the difference in pressure put on the object by the Fluid or air that the object is in.

The net upward buoyancy force is equal to the magnitude of the weight of fluid that is displaced by the body. This force enables the object to float or at least to seem lighter. Buoyancy is important for many vehicles such as boats, ships, balloons, and blimps. 

If the object has exactly the same density as the liquid, then its buoyancy is the same as its weight. It will not sink or float.

If the object has a higher average density than the liquid, then its buoyancy is less than its weight. It will sink. That is why pebbles do not float. 

If the object has a lower average density than the liquid, then its buoyancy is greater than its weight. That is why, although a ship may be made of steel which is more dense than water, it floats because it encloses a volume of air and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water.



Asura

The Asuras are a group of supernatural creatures in Hinduism and Buddhism.

In today's beliefs and assumptions, the Asuras are demons. But this was not always that way. The idea of the Asuras is very, very old, from long before the time people learned how to read and write. The Asuras only became demons after much time had passed. Buddhism also has Asuras. These are from Hinduism but have also changed a lot in their own way.

Some of the Asuras are very important, and have been worshiped for thousands of years. The most important of these are Varuna and Mitra. Varuna is the god of the ocean, which in olden times was thought to be flowing under the earth. So, Varuna came to be seen as god of the underworld. In ancient times, water was thought to be where wisdom came from. So Varuna is considered very wise, and he gives his wisdom to those who honor him. Varuna's closest companion is Mitra. Mitra mostly means "friend" in Hinduism, but it originally meant "promise". And so Mitra is the god of friendships and promises. He protects people who honor the truth and punishes those who tell lies. The "Mi-" in "Mitra" means "to tie tightly". Friendship and promises tie people to one another.

In Hinduism, the Asura (Sanskrit: असुर) are a group of creatures looking for more power, sometimes called demons. They went against the devas. The devas and asuras are the children of "Kashyapa". 

Hinduism has many stories of Asuras and Devas fighting each other. Mostly they fight about who will get the best prayers from the worshipers.

In Hinduism the Asuras are said to be beings of moral and social things. Like truth and marriage. The Daevas are said to be beings of natural things. Like the sun and the rain. In Hinduism, the Asuras are said to be "older". And the daevas are said to be "younger". There are very many Asuras and Daevas. Two hundred years ago someone counted them and said there were over 2,000 Daevas and Asuras. So naturally not all Asuras are very important. But some names have been forgotten since then, and others have been added. This is why Hinduism is called a "living religion." It is changing all the time. 

The Asuras are partly—but not completely -- demonic in Buddhism. Buddhism takes the basic idea from Hinduism.

Mostly the Asuras of Buddhism represent some mental state of humans that is not nice. For example, anger or pride or violence. There are many different kinds of Asuras. They are always angry with everyone and are always fighting. Their leaders are called the Asurendra, which means "Lord of Asuras".

The Asuras are almost human in their emotions. On the Buddhist scale of supernatural beings, the Asuras are almost at the bottom.

Buddhism is very popular in the far east. So, many of the Asuras also have Japanese, Chinese and Korean names.

The Vedas are the most holy books of the Indian religions, especially of Hinduism. There are four Vedas, and they are all very, very old. The oldest of the Vedas is called the RigVeda, and it is more than 3,000 years old. 

In the RigVeda the Asuras are not yet demons. At that time the Asuras and the Devas were both still groups of gods. In fact, many of the figures of the RigVeda are both "asura"s "and" "daeva"s. This is because, at that time, the two words were not yet names of groups. They were just names of characteristics. "Asura" means "life", and so the gods who were called "asura"s were thought to give life. And the "daeva"s were shining. This is the original meaning of the names. In later books they became different. 

In the RigVeda many of the devas are called asuras, and many of the asuras are called devas. Sometimes they are also called both at the same time: Like "daev"ic" asuras" or "asur"ic" devas". The "-"ic"" makes those words a part of the other word. There are some beings who are both ahuric daevas "and" daevic ahuras. This shows that there was no big difference between 'ahura' and 'daeva' in the RigVeda.

The forefathers of the people who wrote the Vedas spoke Sanskrit. Sanskrit is the source of many Indian languages. The stories in the Rig Veda are seen in the books of various North Indian peoples, and also in the books of some Iranian peoples like the Zoroastrians.

One of the books of the Iranian peoples is called the Avesta. It is not really one book, but a collection of many books, but together they are called the Avesta. The Avesta is the holy book of Zoroastrianism. The language of the Avesta is very similar to the language of the RigVeda. The Avesta also has asuras and devas. But in Iran they are written as "ahura" and "daeva".

The old part of the Avesta is almost as old as the RigVeda. In this old part of the Avesta the ahuras and the daevas are almost like they are in the RigVeda. In both books they are groups of supernatural beings. But they are very different in character.

Some time after the RigVeda was written, stories were told about the asuras and devas that made them not friends any more. A similar thing also happened in the Avesta. Only that the two groups had been switched: The Asuras became demons in regions where North Indian languages were spoken, and the Daevas became demons in regions where Iranian languages were spoken.

It is not known for sure why this happened. It was a very, very long time ago. 

One possible reason why the Asuras became demons in India is this: Some time after the RigVeda was written Indians started to think that "asura" means "a-sura", which means "not a hero". So, maybe that way the "asura"s got a bad name. 

One possible reason why the Daevas became demons in Iran is this: At about the same time as the Indians were writing the last part of the RigVeda, a very thoughtful man named Zoroaster appeared in Iran. He thought and thought a lot about why there was goodness and badness in the world. Finally, he told everyone what he had been thinking about. And one of those things was that Daevas were not to be trusted because they could not tell the difference between truth and lies. After some time Zoroaster became very popular for his ideas. And so, with time, the Daevas became demons in Iran. 

In both cases, the one side did not know what the other side was thinking. So in India only the Asuras became demons. And in Iran only the Daevas became demons.

Many, many centuries before the RigVeda and before Zoroaster, a name that sounds like "Asura" was the proper name of a very mighty god. Some scholars say his name was "Ansu" but this is not sure. So that is why they write the name as "*Ansu". That '*' means it is not sure. *Ansu was the god of life from which the name 'asura' and 'ahura' comes. We know that this god existed because far, far away in Northern Europe there was also a god named 'Aesir', who was also a giver of life. It sometimes can happen that a similar name appears in two or three places. But it is very rare that the same name with the same function appears. So, that is why 'Asura' and 'Ahura' and 'Aesir' must be all come from '*Ansu'. And we know that such a god must have been very powerful because he was very popular for so very long.

Although the Asuras and the Ahuras are related, they should not be mixed up. This is not only because their names are slightly different. It is also because they are very different. But the most important thing is that they are from different cultures. Even if they came from the same place, that was very long ago. After such a long much time, people have very different ideas about them.

Intercontinental ballistic missile

ICBM is an acronym. It stands for Intercontinental Ballistic Missile. It is a missile that can travel so far that it be used from one continent to another. The missile is primarily designed for nuclear weapons delivery. The missile is guided, which means it can be controlled to hit a target, usually by an inertial guidance system. The missile carries a warhead, which is usually a nuclear weapon but it can also be a chemical or biological weapon. ICBMs can be launched from silos in the ground or underwater from submarines. Some can be launched from large ground vehicles.

Elevation

When talking about geography the elevation of a certain point is how high it is compared to some reference point. Very often, the reference point is mean sea level, the level of the ocean midway between high and low tide on an average day. Most land has a positive elevation, which means it is above sea level. A few desert places are below sea level, thus have negative elevation.

Sometimes elevation is measured against the center of the earth. The problem there is that the geoid, the shape of the earth, does not really look like a ball, it is slightly squashed (an oblate spheroid). This means, that while still at mean sea level (at the equator), some points are farther away from the center of the earth than others. That way the peak of Chimborazo, a volcano in Ecuador is farther away from the center of the earth than the peak of Mount Everest. Yet, Mount Everest is higher above sea level.


Bastila Shan

Bastila Shan is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.

Bastila Shan was born in the year 3,979 BBY. She is the daughter of Helena Shan and an unknown treasure hunter who joined the Jedi Order. She became a valuable member to the Jedi Order despite her young age due to her mastery of Battle Meditation. During the Jedi Civil War, she was responsible for the capture of Darth Revan, with whom she fell in love. 

After the amnesic Darth Revan was given an entirely new identity, they worked together for a long time, searching for the Star Forge. 

After Revan learnt of his true identity she was captured and tortured by Darth Malak and turned to the dark side. During a confrontation, she tried to persuade the redeemed Revan to return to the dark side and reclaim his rightful place. After being rejected and forced to flee to the Star Forge, Bastila confronted Revan again and lost. She begged him to kill her, but he refused and used the power of their love to bring her back to the light and help the Republic in the Battle of Rakata Prime. 

She later married Revan and soon had a child called Vaner. When Revan left to stop a war he was sure was coming, she stayed behind to look after her child. She is also one of the surviving Jedi to survive the purge that followed it. She died of old age.

Darth Revan

Darth Revan is a fictional character from the "Star Wars" universe and .

Revan was a Jedi Knight and general who turned to the dark side in the Mandalorian Wars. After the death of Mandalore the Ultimate, Revan claimed the title of "Dark Lord of the Sith". He then founded a powerful new Sith Empire, and declared war on the Republic and the Jedi themselves. After defeating almost all of the Republic territories, Revan was captured by the Jedi due to the betrayal of his apprentice Darth Malak. He almost died (a small spark of the Force kept him alive) and was brought to the Council to have his mind replaced by a new identity that was loyal to the Republic. Even after discovering his former identity, he rejected the dark side. Revan ended the war he had begun by killing Malak. After the Jedi Civil War, Revan was given back his rank as Jedi Knight at age 26. 

He was the lover of Bastila Shan. A year later, all his memories returned. He later left to the Unknown Regions to face this new threat known as the "True Sith".

Kraft Foods

Kraft Foods () is a business that makes packaged food. They own Oscar Meyer and Nabisco.


Soft drink

Soft drinks (also known as pop, soda, tonic, soda pop, fizzy drinks, or minerals) are "fizzy" drinks made from concentrates and sugar. When they are made, carbon dioxide gas is added which makes them "fizzy". This process is called carbonation. Some soft drinks have flavors. Some popular types of soda are Sprite, Mountain Dew, 7 Up, Pepsi, Dr Pepper and Coca-Cola. Most soft drinks are sweetened with sugar, that is what makes them so unhealthy.

Lexington, Kentucky

Lexington is the second largest city in Kentucky. In 2020, 322,570 people lived there. It is called "the Horse Capital of the World".

Lexington was first named by a party of Virginians who camped here in June, 1775, after they heard the news about the Battle of Lexington, Massachusetts in April of that year starting the American Revolution against the British government. A fort was begun at the same spot in 1779, and by 1782 there was a town here known as "Lexington, Virginia". This is because Kentucky was still part of Virginia then, and was not made into a state of its own until 1792.

Toby Keith

Toby Keith Covel (July 8, 1961 – February 5, 2024) was an American country music singer-songwriter, record producer and actor.

In June 2022, Keith announced that he was diagnosed with stomach cancer six months before.

On February 5, 2024, Keith died from stomach cancer.





Redhead

Redhead is a person with red or reddish-tinted hair. Approximately 1 to 2% of the world's population has red hair.

In Iceland people that have red hair are called Anton Einar or short name for it lúði and came from the Greek gods, Zues and Hades.

Red hair is made by genes. The gene for red hair is recessive, meaning to be weaker than other genes, like the brown hair gene, for example. Because of this, in order to have natural red hair a person needs to have red-haired ancestors present on both the maternal (mother's) and paternal (father's) side of the family.

Red hair is said to be most common close to the Northern European coasts and islands of the Atlantic Ocean, like British Isles, and in particular among Celtic people.

In Ireland, the percentage of population with red hair is very high relative to the rest of the world at around 10%, with 46% carrying the gene. Parts of the United Kingdom such as Scotland also have very high percentages with around 6%. There was a misconception that red hair occurrence in Scotland ran at around 13%, due to this figure appearing in reliable media sources, however this figure was only an estimate and has since been disproved by research. Dr. Jim Wilson of Britain's DNA has carried out the only large scale genetic study of Red Hair using a sample of over 2,343 people; and has found red hair occurrence of 6% in Scotland, this is concurrent with the largest ever study of hair colour in Scotland which analysed over half a million people and found red hair prevalence of 5.3%. A 1956 study of hair color among British army recruits also found high levels of red hair in Wales and the English Border counties.

Depite all this, the US has the largest number of redheads living there in the world (up to 18 million compared to 650,000 redheads living in Scotland).

In some countries, particularly the British Isles, despite the high proportion of redheads there, redheads are sometimes given rude names such as "carrot-top" and "ginga", and are in some cases heavily ridiculed (made fun of) by their peers. In some extreme cases, people have been harassed (others have behaved threateningly towards them) for having red hair.

Owen Spencer-Thomas

Owen Spencer-Thomas was born on 3 March 1940 in Braughing, Hertfordshire, England. He is perhaps best known as a television and radio news journalist over three decades. Spencer-Thomas combined this career with that of ordained Anglican clergyman and charity fundraiser. He is married to Maggie; they have three adult children, two sons and a daughter.

He graduated in sociology at The Polytechnic, Regent Street, (now the University of Westminster) where he helped to establish its Students' Union and became its first elected president in 1966. He continued his studies at Westcott House and Fitzwilliam College in the University of Cambridge. His father, Ivor Spencer-Thomas, held the feudal barony of Buquhollie and Freswick in Caithness, Scotland.

He has wide experience in the field of communications - mainly in television and radio broadcasting as a news journalist. Joining Anglia Television in 1978 as senior reporter on the regional magazine programme "About Anglia", he became news bulletin editor of "Anglia News" in 1992. He also presented Anglia Television’s late night religious programme "Reflections". He has been a regular contributor to BBC Radio 4's "You and Yours" and "Sunday" programmes and has presented religious and ethics programmes on Thames Television and Southern Television. He has reported for Independent Television News.

He devised and presented the popular "Sounding Brass" radio phone-in programme which was later fronted by Gloria Hunniford on BBC Radio 2. His radio biographies appealed to a wide audience and his portrayal in 1978 of the outspoken television personality, panellist and quizmaster, Gilbert Harding, was widely acclaimed.

An innovative programme producer, Spencer-Thomas recorded two half-hour interview programmes with Kenneth Williams in which the comic actor, who rarely revealed his private life, spoke frankly about his early days and his feelings of loneliness, despondency and underachievement. Carry On Kenneth also featured skilfully chosen clips from the famous Carry On films, in which Williams starred, adding a gentle humour to the probing interview questions.

His award-winning documentary "Underneath the Arches" broke tradition by enabling London’s homeless people to tell their own stories without any links from a programme presenter. Instead, short clips from catchy music hall songs were used to establish each location and, with careful editing, the interviewees related their own experiences and introduced each other. The unique presentation won the Unda award for the best religious radio programme in 1977.

As well as giving practical support to families with disabled children, Owen Spencer-Thomas headed several successful major charity appeals and raised millions of pounds for adult accommodation. He was the Founder Chairman of the East Anglian Autistic Support Trust (EAST) which established the first and desperately needed specialised accommodation and daycare for adults with autism in Cambridgeshire. He served on the National Autistic Society (NAS) Council from 1996 until 2002 and continues to raise funds for a range of other charities.

He became Director of Communications for the Diocese of Ely in 2002. He was Chaplain of Christ's College from 1997 - 2001 and was made an Honorary Canon of Ely Cathedral in 2004. During the Lent Term 2005, he was Acting Dean of
Clare College, and in 2006 was Acting Dean of Trinity Hall, in the University of Cambridge.

Spencer-Thomas was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours. He was invested by HM Queen Elizabeth II on 4 March at Buckingham Palace for services to the Church of England and to the community in Cambridgeshire.

The University of Westminster awarded him an honorary degree, Doctor of Letters (D.Litt.) in January 2010 in recognition of his services to journalism and the voluntary sector.


John Inman

Frederick John Inman (28 June 1935 – 8 March 2007) was an English actor. He is best known for his role as Mr Humphries in the 1970s/early 1980s BBC comedy series, "Are You Being Served?".

Edward Abbey

Edward Paul Abbey (January 29, 1927 – March 14, 1989) was an American nature writer. He is known for books including Desert Solitaire, Black Sun, The Journey Home, The Fool's Progress, and Hayduke Lives.

He was born in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States in 1927. He grew up in Pennsylvania, in a small town in the mountains near the city of Pittsburgh. He later moved to the American Southwest and wrote several books. He spent most of his adult life in the states of New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah. Most of his books are about the Southwest.

During World War II, he was in high school. He took a trip hitchhiking to see the American West. During his trip through Arizona and New Mexico, he fell in love with the Southwest. He enlisted near the end of World War II and was stationed in Italy as a military policeman. When he came back to the United States, he moved to New Mexico and got a college degree. Then he started writing books.

Abbey's first book was titled "Jonathan Troy". It did not sell well and Abbey did not like it very much, and it was taken out of print. His second book was "The Brave Cowboy". This book sold better and made him known as a writer of western fiction. It was also made into a movie called "Lonely are the Brave". "Fire on the Mountain" was his third book. "The Brave Cowboy" and "Fire on the Mountain" are about cowboys who loved the old American West and did not like it becoming modernized.

He moved to New Jersey for a short time but did not like it, and moved back to the Southwest. He took a job as a park ranger in Utah. He wrote about his job as a park ranger in his fourth book, "Desert Solitaire". "Desert Solitaire" became a bestseller and made him a popular nature writer. He also took other jobs in the Southwest. He worked as a fire lookout at the Grand Canyon in Arizona, and as a park ranger in other National Parks.

After "Desert Solitaire" became a bestseller, he wrote several books of nature essays. Some of these include "The Journey Home", "Abbey's Road", "Down the River", "Beyond the Wall", and "One Life At a Time, Please". He also kept writing novels. His next novel was "Black Sun", which is about a fire lookout at the Grand Canyon falling in love but then seeing his girlfriend disappear. His next novel after that was "The Monkey Wrench Gang". This was his most controversial novel because it was about four people using sabotage to stop development in the Southwest. He also wrote a science fiction novel called "Good News".

His last two novels were "The Fool's Progress" and "Hayduke Lives". "The Fool's Progress" is a long novel that is based on Edward Abbey's own life. "Hayduke Lives" is a sequel to "The Monkey Wrench Gang".

Abbey died in 1989 and was buried in the desert in Arizona.


List of MPs elected in the 2005 United Kingdom general election

This is a list of Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the House of Commons for the Fifty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 2005 general election, held on 5 May 2005. The list is arranged by constituency.

The following table is a list of MPs elected on 5 May, 2005, ordered by constituency. The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat at dissolution on April 11, 2005.

Note that most Scottish constituency boundaries were considerably changed from the previous general election, due to a decrease in the number of Scottish seats from 72 to 59. In this case, the previous MPs cannot be shown, and the previous party column shows the "notional" winner of the new seat, based on analysis of the 2001 general election result.

Rio de Janeiro (state)

Rio de Janeiro is one of the 26 states of Brazil. Its capital is the city of Rio de Janeiro.

Rio de Janeiro is in the Southeast Region of Brazil. It shares borders with Minas Gerais, Espírito Santo and São Paulo as well as the Atlantic Ocean. Rio de Janeiro has an area of .

The state's largest cities are Rio de Janeiro, Nova Iguaçu, Niterói, Duque de Caxias, São Gonçalo, São João de Meriti, Campos dos Goytacazes, Petrópolis and Volta Redonda. Its main rivers are the Guandu River, the Piraí, the Paraíba do Sul, the Macaé and the Muriaé. Its climate is tropical.

The state is made up of both mountains and plains. It is between the Mantiqueira Mountains and the Atlantic Ocean. The bays of Guanabara, Sepetiba, and Ilha Grande are on the coastline of Rio de Janeiro.

Rio de Janeiro is the smallest state in the Southeast Region and one of the smallest in Brazil. Its coastline is , the third longest coastline in the country.



Sampling

Sampling could mean:


Specific types of sampling include:

Bretons

The Bretons are a distinct ethnic group in the region of Brittany in France. They trace much of their heritage to groups of ancient Britons who settled the area from south western Great Britain in the 4th–6th centuries. The region of Brittany is named after them and many speak "Brezhoneg", a Brythonic language closely related to Cornish and a bit more distantly to Welsh. The Breton language as such is part of the Insular Celtic language group. In eastern Brittany, a regional "langue d'oïl" named Gallo developed; it shares certain points of vocabulary, idiom, and pronunciation with Breton.

West Midlands (region)

The West Midlands is an official Region of England, covering the western half of the Midlands. 

The official region contains the large conurbation that includes Birmingham and Wolverhampton and includes also the mainly rural shire counties of Herefordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire and Worcestershire.
(Unofficially the West Midlands region also spreads as far as Cheshire, Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire, but these are not part of the official region.) 

There is some confusion in the use of the term "West Midlands", as the name is also used for the much smaller West Midlands county, and is still used by various organisations within that area such as West Midlands Police and West Midlands Fire Service.

The highest point in the region is Black Mountain, at 703 metres.

Major towns and cities in the West Midlands region include:


The official representative body of the region is the West Midlands Regional Assembly which has limited administrative functions such as regional planning and economic development. The assembly is not an elected body, but is made up of members appointed from local councils across the region, and members from regional interest groups such as business and environmental groups and trade unions.

The official region consists of the following subdivisions:

Key: shire county = † | metropolitan county = *

Coal mining used to be the main industry of the Black Country. Nationally famous companies in the West Midlands are Cadbury's in Bournville, Birmingham; the brewing companies such as Coors Brewers in Burton on Trent, as well as Marmite; JCB is based in Staffordshire.



Midlands

Midlands could be in general the central region of any territory. In Britain and Ireland, the term is reseved for the "middle" in the north–south ("vertical") direction (countries that are oriented more east–west use "Mid" with a "horizontal" meaning.)

In the United Kingdom, Scotland and England both have midland areas that are famous enough to be called the "Midlands" (as a name, not just as a description). In Wales the term for the central region is "Mid Wales" (not "The Welsh Midlands").

The rest of this article deals with the English Region known simply as The Midlands, which is more or less the territory of the early-medieval kingdom of Mercia.

The area lies between Southern England, Northern England, East Anglia and Wales, and includes the counties of Derbyshire, Herefordshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire, Rutland, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire, the West Midlands and Worcestershire. The 2001 census also included Norfolk, Suffolk and Cambridgeshire in the Midlands but these are not generally considered to be part of the Midlands but East Anglia.

There are two administrative regions of England in the Midlands: West Midlands and East Midlands. Taken together, these regions do not fully cover the traditional Midlands:

The "midland" status of Cheshire is often debated. South Cheshire has strong links with North Staffordshire (definitely in the Midlands), and North Cheshire with Merseyside and Manchester (both definitely in Northern England). Officially Cheshire is now part of the North West region.

The largest Midlands conurbation, which includes the cities of Birmingham and Wolverhampton, is approximately covered by a metropolitan county (which also includes Coventry) also called the West Midlands. Thus, there are two West Midlands, a Region and a (smaller) County.

Parts of the East Midlands are also densely populated, particularly the triangle formed by the cities of Leicester, Nottingham and Derby.

The South Midlands have an own government for development. They include Northamptonshire and Bedfordshire with northern Buckinghamshire. In other context Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire are not considered part of the Midlands. They are in the administrative regions of the South East and the East of England.


Midlands (disambiguation)

There are several regions in the world known as the Midlands. These include:


Jaworzno

Jaworzno is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 96 600 inhabitants and 152,2 km².

Volt

The volt (symbol: V) is the SI derived unit of electric potential difference or electromotive force (also known as voltage). It is named in honor of the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta (1745–1827), who invented the voltaic pile, the first chemical battery.

The volt is defined as the potential difference across a conductor when a current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power. Hence, it is the base SI representation m · kg · s · A, which can be equally represented as one joule of energy per coulomb of charge, J/C.

In the "hydraulic analogy" sometimes used to explain electric circuits by comparing them to water-filled pipes, voltage is like water pressure - it determines how fast the electrons will travel through the circuit. Current (in amperes), in the same analogy, is a measure of the volume of water that flows past a given point, the rate of which is determined by the voltage, and the total output measured in watts. The equation that brings all three components together is: volts × amperes = watts

Nominal voltages of familiar sources:

Note: Where 'RMS' (root mean square) is stated above, the peak voltage is formula_2 times greater than the RMS voltage for a sinusoidal signal.

In 1800, as the result of a professional disagreement over the galvanic response advocated by Luigi Galvani, Alessandro Volta developed the so-called Voltaic pile, a forerunner of the battery, which produced a steady electric current. Volta had determined that the most effective pair of dissimilar metals to produce electricity was zinc and silver. In the 1880s, the International Electrical Congress, now the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), approved the volt for electromotive force. The volt was defined as the potential difference across a conductor when a current of one ampere dissipates one watt of power.



Music competition

A music competition is an event in which people compete for prizes by performing music. Music competitions can be for solo performers or for small or large groups such as orchestras, bands or choirs. Some competitions are for young people who are starting to make a professional career in music. Other music competitions may be for amateurs, which means that professional musicians are not allowed to compete. 

The person who decides who is the winner is called the adjudicator. Some big festivals have a team of several adjudicators who decide together on the winner.

The British and International Federation of Music Festivals organizes music competitions for amateurs in many parts of the British Isles. Children and adults can take part, competing in classes for music, speech and drama and dance. Competitions like these are often called "festivals" because the main reason for taking part is to enjoy performing rather than just to win.

There are many big international competitions for some of the most talented musicians from all over the world. Winning a big competition can help a young musician to start a successful career. Some people think it can also be a bad thing to win a big competition, especially for musicians who are still very young. It may make them a star for a short time but they still have to get better and mature as a musician and a person.

Some of the most famous international music competitions are:

In popular music one of the great European events is the Eurovision Song Contest.

Adjudicator

An adjudicator is someone who decides on a winner at a competition for music or theatre. The adjudicator will always be somebody who has a lot of experience in what he is adjudicating. In big international festivals, a team of several adjudicators may decide together on the winners. In amateur competitions, the adjudicator may also talk to the competitors after they have performed and give them advice. Competitors are often given first, second and third prizes.

In Law, an adjudicator is someone who decides who is right when a group of people cannot agree on something.

Criticism

Criticism is a word used in two senses. Originally, it meant "a scholarly analysis and balanced judgement". Later (mid-20th century) it came to mean "a hostile attack" pointing out the bad features of the topic. 


In ancient Greek "kritos" meant judge, and "kritikos" meant the critic. Related Greek terms are krinein (separating out, deciding), krei- (to sieve, discriminate, or distinguish). The word moved from Greek to Latin ("Criticus", a judge) to French ("critique") to English. The words "critic" and "critical" existed in the English language from the mid-16th century, and the word "criticism" first made its appearance in English in the early 17th century.


Arthur

Arthur is a male name that can also mean:



Eduard Hanslick

Eduard Hanslick (born Prague September 11, 1825; died Baden, Austria, August 6, 1904) was a famous music critic. He wrote about music that was being composed in his time. He liked the music of composers like Brahms and Schumann but hated the music of Wagner and Liszt. Their music sounded too modern for his taste.

He was born into a German-speaking family. His father was a music teacher. When he was 18 Hanslick went to study music with Tomášek, one of Prague's most important musicians. He also studied law at Prague University. He did not study music at university but he knew a lot about music and played the piano very well. He started writing music reviews (writing about concerts that had taken place). For many years he wrote reviews in a paper called "Neue freie Presse". He became professor of history and music at the University of Vienna and was an adjudicator at lots of music festivals. His most famous book was called "Vom Musikalisch-Schönen" ("About Beauty in Music").

Hanslick's tastes were conservative (he did not like new ideas). We remember him today for writing good things about Brahms and bad things about Wagner. A lot of musicians took sides on this matter. It is sometimes called: "The War of the Romantics". Musicians had long arguments in the music journals about which kind of music was better.

Although in some ways he was narrow-minded he had a lot of influence on music. His books on music are very interesting showing great knowledge. He knew most of the great musicians of his day.

Wagner made a caricature of Hanslick in his opera "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" in which the town clerk Beckmesser criticizes the young singer Walther who sings songs which break the traditional rules of composition.

The Fairly OddParents

The Fairly OddParents is an American children's television series. It was created by Butch Hartman in 2001 for the Nickelodeon cable television network. The show is about a 10-year-old boy named Timmy Turner who has 2 fairy godparents named Cosmo and Wanda. He also has a fairy godbrother named Poof. The fairies have the power to grant wishes to Timmy. When granting his wishes, they must still following "Da Rules", the fairy rule book.

"The Fairly OddParents" was the fourth longest-running Nicktoons series. In 2017, it ended with the half-hour episode "Hare Raiser / The Kale Patch Caper". The series was originally set to continue, but ended with the tenth season. The series was cancelled by Nickelodeon in 2018. A live-action-animation hybrid reboot by Paramount+ and Nickelodeon Productions was announced to be in development in February 2021. The series "" premiered on March 31, 2022. and an upcoming untitled computer-animated series by Nickelodeon Animation Studio, this version features an African-American character named Hazel.


Recurring voice actors include Jim Ward, Rob Paulsen, Dee Bradley Baker, Tom Kenny, Eric Bauza, Jason Marsden, Jeff Bennett, Dionne Quan, Gary LeRoi Gray, Kevin Michael Richardson, Frankie Muniz, and Ibrahim Haneef Muhammad.

The Fairly OddParents had some Made for TV Movies including Abracatastrophe, Channel Chasers, , Fairy Idol, A Fairly OddBaby and Wishology. It also had three live action movies with Drake Bell as Timmy Turner. 

Invasion of Poland (1939)

The Invasion of Poland in 1939 was a military offensive in which Nazi Germany and, two weeks later, the Soviet Union invaded Poland. That was the start of World War II in Europe.

The invasion started on 1 September 1939. The invasion of Poland caused the United Kingdom and France to declare war on Germany on 3 September, but they did little to affect the September Campaign. Fighting ended on 6 October. Germany and the Soviet Union conquered Poland and divided it according to their Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.

It is often called the first time that blitzkrieg was tried on the battlefield, but similar methods had been used earlier. The German surprise attack was successful and was very effective against the ineffective and demobilized Polish Army, whose tanks and airplanes were few and mostly old. The Poles were outflanked, outmaneuvered, and outnumbered in September 1939 and easily destroyed by the Germans. The Poles, if they had been well prepared, could have had two million soldiers in the fight.

In the first few days of the German invasion, Poland proved to be more difficult to invade than the Germans had expected. In the Battle of Mokra on September 2nd, the Poles repulsed an attack by a German Panzer division and forced its retreat. The German air force, unlike in their invasions of other countries, did not easily overcome the outnumbered Polish Air Force. However, their great superiority in numbers made them gain air superiority after five to six days.

Surrounded by German territories north, west, and south of Poland, the Poles had little space for tactical retreat. The Germans reached Warsaw and attacked on September 7 but were repulsed. They had suffered heavy tank losses and so were forced to retreat.

The Battle of Bzura, on September 9, was the largest attack by the Poles during the war. The Poles had great initial success by decimating two German divisions and taking 3500 German prisoners. Polish infantry fought well, but by September 19, the overwhelming German reinforcements had defeated the Poles.

The Poles realized the British and French were in a phoney war and had no intention of assisting Poland, and the Soviet Red Army invaded Poland from the east on September 17. The Polish High Command ordered troops and equipment to the Romanian Bridgehead to enter Romania with the intention to continue their resistance by moving as much of their army to France as possible. Most of the Polish Navy escaped to Britain. Polish cryptographers who had cracked the German Enigma machine went to France and later to Britain, to continue their work.

Polish politicians set up a government-in-exile in France and later escaped to Britain. In 1945, when the Allied armies invaded Germany and forced its surrender, the Polish Army was the fourth largest allied army.


Winter War

The Winter War (30 November 1939 – 13 March 1940) was a conflict fought between the Soviet Union and Finland. 

It began when the Soviet Union invaded Finland soon after the invasion of Poland. The Soviet military forces expected a victory over Finland in a few weeks because the Soviet Army had many more troops, tanks and planes than the Finnish Army.

However, the Finnish forces resisted better and much longer than expected. They had good winter clothes and wore white coats, which camouflaged them in the snow. As well, the Finnish soldiers moved around on skis, which made it easy for them to sneak up on the Soviet soldiers. The Soviets did not have good winter clothes, and they wore dark green coats, which were easy to see in the snow.

The peace treaty that ended the war in March 1940 left the Finns as a free people.


Joiner

A joiner is a person who makes woodwork that is used for buildings. That includes things that are called "Finish carpentry" and "millwork" in the United States. Joiners make and install parts of building, for example doors, windows, stairs, wooden panelling, mouldings, shop cabinets, kitchen cabinets, and other wooden items. The skills of a joiner are somewhat between a carpenter and a cabinetmaker.

The terms joinery and joiner are not used often in the United States any more, but the main carpenters' trade union still calls itself the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America.

Stairs

Stairs, staircase, stairway, stairwell, and flight of stairs are connected steps leading up or down. Stairways may be straight, round, or may consist of two or more straight pieces connected at angles.

Special stairways include escalators and ladders. Alternatives to stairways are elevators and inclined moving sidewalks.

The step is composed of the tread and riser.


The balustrade is the complete system of railings and pickets that prevents people from falling over the edge.


Handrails may be continuous (sometimes called over-the-post) or post-to-post (or more accurately ""newel-to-newel""). For continuous handrails on long balconies, there may be multiple newels and tandem caps to cover the newels. At corners, there are quarter-turn caps. For post-to-post systems, the newels project above the handrails.

Another, more classical, form of handrailing which is still in use is the Tangent method. A variant of the Cylindric method of layout, it allows for continuous climbing and twisting rails and easings. It was originally defined from principles set down by architect Peter Nicholson in the 18th century.


Stair measurements:



Minas Gerais

Minas Gerais () is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It has the second highest number of people. It has the fourth largest area. The capital is the city of Belo Horizonte, near the center of the state. The name means "General mines". Minas Gerais was formed mainly by colonists searching for gold, gemstones and diamonds.

Minas Gerais is in the west of the southeastern part of Brazil. That area also has the states of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Espírito Santo. Minas Gerais shares borders with Bahia and Goiás (north), Mato Grosso do Sul (far west), the states of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro (south) and the state of Espírito Santo (east). It also shares a short border with the Brazilian Federal District.

Even though it is not the largest state in Brazil, Minas Gerais is the state with the most cities. Of the more than 5,500 municipalities in Brazil, Minas has more than 850 of them. The most important ones are the capital Belo Horizonte, Contagem, Betim, Ribeirão das Neves, Juiz de Fora, Montes Claros, Uberlândia and Ouro Preto.


Ceará

Ceará is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern part of the country, on the Atlantic coast. Ceará has many beaches, which brings a lot of tourism.

Ceará has an area of 148,016 km². It shares borders on the east by the states of Rio Grande do Norte and Paraíba, on the south by Pernambuco state, and on the west by Piauí. Its northern border is the Atlantic Ocean. Its capital is Fortaleza.


Espírito Santo

Espírito Santo is one of the states of southeastern Brazil. It is often referred to as "ES". The capital of ES is Vitória and its largest city is Vila Velha. Those who are born in the state are known as "Capixabas", but the more correct word is "Espiritossantenses". The name means "holy spirit" after the Holy Ghost of Christianity.

This Brazilian state is in the southeastern subdivision of Brazil, which also contains the states of São Paulo, Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean (east), the state of Bahia (north), the state of Minas Gerais (north and west), and the state of Rio de Janeiro (south). Espírito Santo's other main cities are Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Colatina, Linhares, São Mateus and Aracruz.

At , it is about the size of Estonia. The state has many different types of habitats, for example coastal planes, lakes, mountain forest and mangroves.

The islands of Trindade and Martim Vaz, east of Vitória in the Southern Atlantic Ocean, are also a part of Espirito Santo state.


Goiás

Goiás is a state of Brazil. It is in the central part of the country. It shares borders with Tocantins, Bahia, Minas Gerais, the Federal District, Mato Grosso do Sul and Mato Grosso. The capital and largest city in the state is Goiânia. With an area of 341,289 km², Goiás is about the size of the Republic of the Congo; smaller than Germany and larger than Finland.

There are 246 municipalities in Goiás. The top 15 cities in order by number of people (est. 01/07/2005) are:


Maranhão

Maranhão is one of the states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern region of the country. To the north is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. Maranhão shares borders with Piauí, Tocantins and Pará. In the 19th century, the state used plantation slaves to produce cotton for Europe.

Major cities in the state besides the state capital São Luís are Imperatriz, Timon, and Caxias. The Alcantara spaceport is in the north of the state, not far from São Luís.

Mato Grosso

Mato Grosso is one of the states of Brazil. It is in the western part of the country. Mato Grosso shares borders with the states of Rondônia, Amazonas, Pará, Tocantins, Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul. It also borders the country Bolivia to the southwest. The name, Mato Grosso, means "thick jungle". 

Mato Grosso is the state in Brazil in which the most deforestation of Brazil's part of the Amazon Rainforest has happened. In 1977, the state was split into two halves. This created the new state Mato Grosso do Sul. The Bororo native people live in the Mato Grosso area.

There are few cities. The most important ones are:

Hassium

Hassium is a very radioactive and unstable chemical element. It has the symbol Hs and it has the atomic number 108. It is a superheavy transuranium element.

Hassium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made in a lab.

Hassium was first made in 1984. and eka-osmium. It was made at the Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung (GSI) in Darmstadt, Germany. The element was named from the Latin name for the German state of Hessen. Hessen is the state that the Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung is in. Before it was named Hassium, scientists could not decide what the name should be and there was an element naming controversy. The temporary IUPAC systematic element name was "unniloctium" meaning "one-zero-eight-ium" referring to its atomic number. The symbol with the name was "Uno". In 1994 a committee of IUPAC recommended that element 108 be named "hahnium". The name hassium was adopted internationally in 1997.

Isotope 270 of Hassium was found in December 2006. An international team of scientists led by the Technical University of Munich discovered it. It is a doubly magic isotope and it has a long half-life of 22 seconds. Scientists had thought that heavy and stable isotopes should exist. Some theories said Hassium-270 may be part of an island of stability. Hassium can oxidise like osmium, the element above it in the periodic table, into hassium tetroxide. Chemists found that is less volatile than osmium tetroxide.


Roraima

Roraima is one of the states of Brazil. It is in the northern part of the country. It shares borders with the states of Pará and Amazonas, as well as the countries Venezuela and Guyana. Roraima is both the northernmost and least populated state of Brazil.

The climate is tropical with an average temperature of 26 °C. Most of the state is in the Amazon rainforest. A small part of the state is a small strip of savanna to the east. The state has many mineral deposits - especially gold, diamonds, cassiterite, bauxite and copper. These create constant fights with the native people. The Yanomami are the most well-known of the native people, but they are greatly out-numbered by the Macuxi.

The Monte Roraima National Park is near one of the highest mountains of Brazil, the 9220 ft (2727 m) high table-top Mount Roraima.

In 1943, the federal government separated the area from the state Amazonas. The territory was first named Rio Branco after the main river. In 1962, it was renamed "Roraima." In 1988, it became a state. The name of the state was taken from Monte Roraima, whose name comes from the Pemon words "roroi" (cyan) and "ma" (large).


Santa Catarina (state)

Santa Catarina is a state in Southern Brazil. It has with one of the highest standards of living in the country. Its capital is Florianópolis, which partly lies on the Santa Catarina Island.

Santa Catarina shares borders with the states of Rio Grande do Sul to the south and Paraná to the north. It is bordered on the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the west it borders the province of Misiones, Argentina.

Santa Catarina is the most "European" state of Brazil. Most of the people that live there are descendants of Portuguese, German and Italian immigrants.

Its largest city is Joinville.

European colonies began with the Spanish settlement of Santa Catarina island in 1542. The Portuguese took control in 1675. The captaincy of Santa Catarina was created in 1738. Large numbers of European immigrants, especially from Germany, began arriving in the early 19th century. Immigrants from Italy, Poland, Russia, Ukraine, Japan and other parts of Europe later came. This led to many small, family held farms in the state.

In late March 2004, the state was hit by the first ever hurricane recorded in the South Atlantic. Because there is no naming system for such an event in Brazil, Brazilian meteorologists called it Catarina, after the state.


Santa Catarina is one of the Brazilian states that shows the most signs of recent European colonization. Most of the population are descendants of European settlers.

The Portuguese started arriving in the 1750s. The came mainly from the Azores islands, and colonized the coast. In the late 18th century, half of Santa Catarina's population was Portuguese-born. These Portuguese created many important towns of the State, such as Florianópolis, the capital.

Germans started arriving in 1828. They were peasants that came to Brazil to get their own lands. They did this since Germany had many people and many people had no lands to work. German immigration was very low, until the 1850s, when many Germans started arriving in Southern Brazil. To create more German colonization in Southern Brazil, the Brazilian government created many "German colonies." Many of these German colonies became big towns, such as Blumenau and Joinville, the largest city in Santa Catarina.

Germans had kept to themselves in these communities for decades. They did not have much contact with other people of Brazil. For generations they were able to speak German and keep their German traditions in Brazil. This changed in the 1930s, when Brazil declared war against Germany in 1942. The German immigrants learned Portuguese and followed a "Brazilian way of life."

Nowadays, the German influence in the State of Santa Catarina is still very strong. Many towns still have many parts of the German culture. For example, Pomerode is a small town where 90% of the people are German-Brazilian. Most of the people speak German fluently. Another example is the Oktoberfest of Blumenau and many other towns in the region. The architecture and food also show German influence.

Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875. They came in large numbers until the 1910s. They were peasants from Northern Italy. They created Italian colonies close to the coast. In the beginning, the Italian settlement had failed. This was because many Italians died of tropical diseases or left the colonies to find better conditions. However, in southern Santa Catarina, they found cooler weather and better lands, and the colonies did very well. Many Italians worked in the coal industry.


Trail

A trail is a pedestrian path or road mainly used for walking, but often also for cycling, cross-country skiing or other activities. Some trails are off-limits to everyone other than hikers, and few trails allow motorized vehicles. In wilderness areas where no roads suitable to wheeled vehicles exist, pedestrian trails are the main way of going places. For example in 1942 in New Guinea, the Japanese and Australian armies fought for control of the Kokoda Track, a rugged foot trail that was a main route across eastern New Guinea.

In the United States, the word footpath is also used to mean a trail; however in Australian English, New Zealand English, Indian English, and Irish English this word means "sidewalk" (American English) or "pavement" (British English).

In Australia, the word track can be used interchangeably with trail, and can refer to anything from a dirt road to a pedestrian walkway (generally also unpaved). The term "trail" gained popularity during World War II, when many servicemen from the United States were stationed in Australia, which probably influenced its being adopted by elements of the Australian media at the time. In New Zealand, the word track is used almost exclusively except in reference to cross-country skiing, where trail is used.

Trail use has become very popular for a wide variety of users. Some trails are meant as nature trails, and are used by people learning about the natural world. Many trails are day trails, what means that they are generally used by people out for a short hike, less than a day. Some trails are backpacking trails, or long-distance trails, and are used by both day hikers and by backpackers. Some of the trails are over a thousand miles (1,500 km) long and may be hiked in sections by backpackers, or completed in one trip by dedicated hikers. Some trails are specifically used by other outdoor enthusiasts to gain access to another feature, such as good climbing sites. Many runners also favor running on trails rather than pavement, as giving a more vigorous work-out and better developing agility skills, as well as providing a more pleasant exercise environment. See trail running.

Stairway is another way to ascend higher slopes. Stairway trails are usually for walking only. The stairs are constructed using cuts in dirt, rocks or concrete. Popular stairway trails include Stairway Trails in Bernal Heights East - San Francisco, Stairs at many hill top Hindu temple (Tirumala, Palani) used during Pilgrimage & Machu Picchu.

Recent decades have seen an explosion of interest in cycling, both street-type and off-road type. A common term for these facilities is simply "bike trail". These trails may be built to a different set of standards than foot trails, requiring more stable, harder surfaces, less strenuous grades, longer sight visibility, and less sharp changes in direction. On the other hand, the cross-slope of a bike trail may be significantly greater than a foot trail, and the actual treadway may be narrower in some cases.

Horseback riding has continued to be a popular activity for many trail users. Again, horse trails are built to different standards than other trails. Sight distance is an important issue with horse trails, as is overhead and side clearance. While trail surface types are a relatively unimportant issue with hikers, they may be an important issue with horses. 

In cross-country skiing, a trail (also called a 'track' or 'piste') refers to the parallel grooves cut into the snow, one for each ski.

Motorized trail use also remains very popular with some people. Such terms as "ORV", "four-wheeling", "all-terrain vehicle", and others actually have highly specific meanings. 



The Pardoner's Prologue and Tale

The Pardoner's Prologue and Tale is a story that is a part of "The Canterbury Tales" by English writer, Geoffrey Chaucer.

The Pardoner went on a journey to the town of Canterbury from Rouncivalle with his friend the Summoner.

The Pardoner had hair as yellow as wax which fell on his head smoothly wisp by wisp. He has piercing black eyes and his face was as smooth as he had just shaved. He had a thin and feeble voice yet he was hardly an old spiritual man.

Although the Pardoner was a priest he lived a life that was far from the word of Jesus Christ. He often broke many of the seven deadly sins including greed, gluttony, and pride. He earned a living through preaching and selling fake relics to his supporters. He lies to people and promises them salvation and prosperity for a price. He has even taken money from a poor widow with starving children in order buy himself more luxuries.
The tale describes him getting money from the crowd as he cared more about money than a holy life.

The host asks the Pardoner to tell a happy story after the sad tale that the Franklin told. The other people object to this and hope that he will tell a tale that is rich in morals. 

He starts his tale by talking about three young men who, like him, do sinful things like drink alcohol and sleep with young women. The Pardoner goes on to talk about the sins of the men in detail especially gambling, drunkenness, and gluttony. These three young men are rioters from the town of Flanders. 

One night the three drunken men were at a tavern when they saw a corpse being carried to a grave. They ask who had died and find out it is one of their friends who has been killed by a murderous thief named "Death". The three men plan to avenge their friend's death and kill Death themselves. 

On their way to find Death they see an old man that says Death will not take him even in his old age and suffering. The man says that he had left Death under an oak tree and that he was sure to still be there. They run to the tree and instead of seeing Death, they see lots of gold under the tree. They want to bring the gold back under the cover of night so that nobody will think they have stolen it. They sat down and sent the youngest to fetch 3 pies and 3 bottles of wine.

The remaining two come up with a plan to kill the third when he comes back so that the money could be split between only the two of them. At the same time the third man has the same thoughts as the other two and wants to have all of the money for himself. So he went and bought poison and poured it between the two bottles making sure he kept an un-poisoned bottle for himself. When he got back the other two men jumped out and killed the third man. But in celebration they decide to drink the wine unknowing that the poison was still in the wine, the choked to death due to the poison.

So in the end the moral to this story is that, the gold was the Death that the old man said was beneath the tree and due to their greed and gluttony they all died with nothing.

The love of money is the root of all evil, but also the divide between right and wrong.

The irony in this story has to do with the person telling it. The pardoner himself is a greedy man, but he goes on saying that greed is the root of all evil.


Final Fantasy XII

Final Fantasy XII is a video game for the PlayStation 2. It was released in 2006 by Square Enix. The 12th main Final Fantasy game, it got an enhanced version in 2017 for the PlayStation 4, named the "Zodiac Age".

The game is a role-playing game, with the player controlling the movement of one character, and two others moved by AI. At points in the game, a crystal appears, where the game can be saved. Players can earn "gil", money that can buy attacks, weapons and magic. When facing an enemy, characters can set up attacks that happen without input, known as "gambits". For instance, a character may attack when seeing an enemy, or heal when an ally is low on health. After winning a battle, characters can become stronger. The get "exp", which gives the character higher "levels", which make them stronger, and "license points" which allow them to gain more abilities. The license points are used on a "license board" to unlock weapons, armour, attacks and very strong attacks known as "quickenings".

"Final Fantasy XII" has six characters you can play as: Vaan, an orphan who wants to be a pirate of the sky; Ashe, a princess; Basch, who is charged with killing the King; Balthier, a sky pirate who has an airship called the "Strahl"; Fran, Balthier's friend and Penelo, who has been Vaan's friend since they were little children.

"Final Fantasy XII" takes place in a land called Dalmasca. Princess Ashe of Dalmasca and Prince Rasler of Nabradia had been married for a short time when the Archadian Empire invaded Dalmasca. A war started and Archadia took over Dalmasca in no time, for the small country of Dalmasca stood no chance against the massive Archadian Empire. While the war was going on, Prince Rasler died, leaving Princess Ashe alone. The king of Dalmasca, Ashe's father, decided to surrender to Archadia, clinging to dreams of peace. However, Archadia's ruler wanted him dead as soon as the treaty was signed. Knights from Dalmasca tried to rescue him, but one of the captain of the knights, Basch, was replaced by his twin brother, who then killed the king and the Vaan's older brother Reks. Basch's twin brother is a "Judge" who works for Archadia. The real Basch is accused of high treason and is supposedly killed. Princess Ashe went into hiding, and was deemed dead.

Two years later, Vaan, sneaks into the royal palace. There was a banquet going on to celebrate the election of a new leader Vayne. Vaan meets the sky pirates Balthier and Fran in the palace as they were trying to steal the same thing he himself had taken. When Resistance forces broke into the palace, Vaan and his new friends had to hide in the sewers beneath the palace. While they were in the sewers, they met the leader of the Resistance - Amalia. Vaan, Balthier and Fran are then put in jail. In the jail, find Basch. They free Basch from the cage he is being held in and they escape back to Rabanastre, which is the capital of Dalmasca. There, they learn that Vaan's friend Penelo was kidnapped. The kidnapper is named Ba'Gamnan, and he has taken Penelo to Bhujerba, a city in the sky. Balthier lets Vaan use his airship (like a airplane in the shape of a ship) and fly to rescue Penelo. When they get to Bhujerba, they go to the Lhusu Mines, where they meet the brother of Vayne who rescues Penelo.

Later, captured by the Empire, they are all reunited with Amelia, who is actually Princess Ashe. Ashe has a stone (the "dawn shard") which shows she is royalty. This is taken by the Empire, forcing the party to seek out another way to prove her family, seeking out the "dusk shard" from the King's tomb. After leaving the tomb with the shard, they leave to get peace between the two nations.

Metacritic, a review gatherer gave "Final Fantasy XII" "universal acclaim". It sold more than 1,764,000 games in its first week in Japan. By November 2009, over 6,000,000 copies of the game were sold. As of October 2017, the "Zodiac Age" sold over one million copies.


Final Fantasy IX

Final Fantasy IX is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation. It was released in 2000 by Square Enix.

Final Fantasy (video game)

Final Fantasy is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was made by Squaresoft, now called Square Enix. It was released in 1987.

Final Fantasy II

Final Fantasy II is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was made by Squaresoft, now called Square Enix. Instead of getting stronger by getting points by killing monsters and using these to gain levels, for each attack you make there is a chance a stat (strength, health, agility...) will be increased.

Final Fantasy III

Final Fantasy III is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was made by Squaresoft, now called Square Enix. Final Fantasy III is notably the first Final Fantasy game to make use of the job feature. For each battle you win you get points, you can spend these points on job classes, each job class has different commands in its menu during battle.

Final Fantasy IV

Final Fantasy IV is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was made in 1991 by Squaresoft, now called Square Enix. It was first played on the Super Famicom in Japan, and Super Nintendo in the United States. It was called "Final Fantasy II" when it was on the Super Nintendo. You can also play it on the Sony PlayStation, Wonderswan Color, Game Boy Advance, and Nintendo DS (with 3D graphics). 

The most important person in the game is Cecil. He is a Dark Knight for the Kingdom of Baron. You help Cecil beat Golbez, an evil person who steals strong crystals from the world. Many different people help Cecil out during the game.

"Final Fantasy IV" helped make later "Final Fantasy games". This was the first game to use an Active Time Battle, where players and enemies take turns to fight instead of having all players fight at the same time. The player makes the character do actions in real-time. This way of playing was also used in later "Final Fantasy" games. 
"Final Fantasy IV" did quite a lot to impact role-playing video games. It introduced battles fought using Square-Enix's ATB system and had great graphics for the time.

Final Fantasy V

Final Fantasy V is a medieval fantasy role-playing video game. It is developed and published by Square (now Square Enix). It was first made in 1992 as a part of the "Final Fantasy" series. The game first appeared only in Japan on Nintendo's Super Famicom. It has been remade with little differences to Sony's PlayStation and Nintendo's Game Boy Advance.

The original video animation produced in 1994 called "" is a sequel to the game. It was released on the PlayStation Network on April 6, 2011 in Japan. The game was released for iPhone and iPad on March 28th, 2013.
A version of the game was created for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance in 2006. It has many weapons, items, armors and 22 jobs. Some jobs are secret and can only be unlocked in the GBA version.

The game begins when a wanderer named Bartz investigates a fallen meteor. He meets several characters. One tells him about the danger the four Crystals that control the world's elements. These Crystals act like a seal on Exdeath. Exdeath is an evil magician. Bartz and his friends have to keep the Crystals from being used by Exdeath.

"Final Fantasy V" has been praised for its character customization. This is possible because of the large Job System. The first Super Famicom version sold more than two million copies. The PlayStation version has earned "Greatest Hits" status. It has sold more than 350,000 copies.

Final Fantasy VI

Final Fantasy VI (also known as Final Fantasy III for the US-SNES version) is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was made by Squaresoft, now called Square Enix. In this game, the story is about a half human, half Esper named Terra who must stop an evil empire led by Emperor Gestahl.

The game allows you to control 14 playable characters, the most of any part of the Final Fantasy Main Series.

When "Final Fantasy VI" was released it was highly praised by critics. Meanwhile, it is seen as one of the landmark games in the role - play genre; IGN even ranked it as number one RPG of all time.

It was available for Super Nintendo and Playstation and sold 3.48 million times as stand-alone game worldwide, in addition to 750,000 copies of the Japanese "Final Fantasy Collection".

Final Fantasy VIII

Final Fantasy VIII is a fantasy role-playing video game. It was released for the PlayStation in 1999 and Windows computers in 2000. It was made by Square (now Square Enix). It is the eight title of the "Final Fantasy" series. It removed magic point-based spell-casting. It was the first title to consistently use realistically proportioned characters. The game became available on PlayStation Network as a PSone Classics title in 2009.

Final Fantasy X

Final Fantasy X is a fantasy role-playing video game made by Square Enix. It is the 10th game in the "Final Fantasy" video game series. The game was released in 2001, and is the first "Final Fantasy" game that was made for the Sony PlayStation 2 video game console.


Final Fantasy X-2

Final Fantasy X-2 is a fantasy role-playing video game released for the PlayStation 2 in 2003. It was made by Square Enix. It is a direct sequel to the game "Final Fantasy X", the first direct sequel in the "Final Fantasy" series. 

Final Fantasy XI

Final Fantasy XI is an online fantasy role-playing video game. It was made by Square Enix.

Ditch

A ditch is created to channel water and can be described as a small or moderate depression. A ditch can be used for drainage, to drain water from low-lying areas, alongside roadways or fields, or to channel water from a more distant source for plant irrigation. A trench can be defined as a long narrow ditch.

Ditches are commonly seen around farmland, especially in areas that have required drainage, such as The Fens in the UK and the pro-water management The Netherlands.

Roadside ditches can provide a hazard to motorists, especially in poor weather conditions.

In military engineering and fortification, a distinction is made between a ditch and a trench. A ditch is a barrier, designed to slow down or break up an attacking force, while a trench is a cover, intended to provide protection to the defenders. In Medieval fortification, a ditch was often constructed in front of a defensive wall. When filled with water, such a defensive ditch is called a moat. Today ditches are of no importance as an obstacle for persons, but are still often used as anti-vehicle obstacles.

Flags of Brazilian states

This gallery of flags of Brazilian states shows the flags of the 26 Brazilian States and the federal district.

Chobits

Chobits is a Japanese manga and anime series created by CLAMP. 

The story is mostly about the life of Hideki Motosuwa who did not make it into a university, and so is called a 'ronin', a repeat student. Hideki tries to get into a university by moving from his farm and studying at Seki, a cram school in Tokyo. He is not used to women, but likes to imagine that he is. He wants to have a girlfriend and a 'Persocom'. A Persocom is a kind of robot that looks like a person, but can be used like a computer, phone, and a "partner" in some cases. 

One evening when Hideki is walking home from the grocery store, he finds a unique Persocom on a curb. It is a beautiful young girl with long blonde hair, wrapped in white cloth, lying against a pile of trash bags. He takes the Persocom home. Hideki looks all over the Persocom's body for a switch to turn her on, and finds it between her legs. He turns her on and asks her questions, but all she can say is "chi", so Hideki names her Chi 

The anime has 26 episodes and was broadcast across East Asia and Southeast Asia by the anime television network, Animax. Episodes 9, 18, and an extra 27th OVA episode are used as "recap" episodes, looking back on the events that happened previously. The episodes were given different numbers for the DVD release because the original recap episodes were not included as part of the main anime, instead being published together on the final DVD and re-numbered as 8.5, 16.5 and 24.5 making the series only 24 episodes.

There is a 6-minute special episode: "Sumomo and Kotoko on a Quest", or "Chibits", which is about Sumomo and Kotoko.

The series was supervised by Morio Asaka, and Hisashi Abe was the character designer and the animation director. The ending to the anime series is different from the manga. One thing that is different is that there is no allusion to Hideki never having Chi because of where her switch is, and the new part of Freya taking over Chi's body and asking her mother Chitose to shut them down, saying the Chobits series is a failure, and the activation of the program after all, although the effect on Persocons is not the same as in the manga.

Brossard, Quebec

Brossard is a city near Montreal in the Canadian province of Quebec. Brossard is also near the Saint Lawrence River. About 70,000 people live in the city of Brossard. Paul Leduc is the mayor of Brossard since 2009. Brossard was created on February 14, 1958.

Brossard has a lot of people from different places. For example, there are lots of Chinese people who live in Brossard, more so than in any other city in Quebec.

Master of Puppets

Master of Puppets is the third album by Metallica. Metallica is an American heavy metal band. The album was released by Elektra Records on March 3, 1986. The album has 8 songs, which many feel made a permanent impact on heavy metal music. Several of its songs are still played on the radio. It is one of the best selling heavy metal albums ever made. Many people think it is also one of the best heavy metal albums ever made.

Before the album came out, Metallica went on tour with Ozzy Osbourne for five months. It is the band's last album with bassist Cliff Burton. This is because Burton died in a bus accident on September 27, 1986 while touring in Sweden for the album. After he died, the band canceled the concerts they were going to play. They went back to the United States to find a new bassist.


Anton Bruckner

Anton Bruckner (born Ansfelden, Austria, 4 September 1824; died Vienna, 11 October 1896) was an Austrian composer. He is especially famous for his nine symphonies. They are all very long and are written in a late Romantic style for a large orchestra. He was also an organist and teacher.

Bruckner’s father was an organist and schoolmaster in a small village in Austria. By the age of four Bruckner was showing musical talent. He played hymn tunes on a tiny violin and then found the chords to go with them on the family spinet. When he was ten he sometimes played the village organ for services. After his father’s death in 1837 he became a choirboy at the monastery school of St Florian where, in 1848, he became the organist of the abbey church. He started composing at this time and wrote a "Requiem in d minor". He liked the music of Schubert and Mendelssohn and they influenced the way he composed.

Although he was happy at St Florian his friends told him he ought to look for a better job. They made him apply for the job of organist at the cathedral of Linz which he got easily. Meanwhile, he was trying to learn more about harmony and took a course with a famous teacher Simon Sechter. He then took a course in orchestration with the teacher Otto Kitzler. He became very interested in the music of Romantic composers like Liszt, Berlioz and especially Wagner. In 1864 he wrote a "Mass" in d minor for chorus and orchestra which clearly showed Wagner’s influence. In 1866 he finished the first of his nine symphonies. He also wrote some very beautiful motets which are among the best music of the 19th century written for the Roman Catholic church.

In 1866 he spent three months in a sanatorium after a nervous collapse. During his later years he often suffered from depression.

In 1868 he became professor at the Vienna Conservatoire where he taught harmony and counterpoint. This was an excellent job. The last 25 years of his life he spent his time teaching and composing his symphonies. He also travelled and gave organ recitals at Notre Dame in Paris and the Royal Albert Hall and Crystal Palace in London.

His music was very modern for its time and some people, including the famous music critic Eduard Hanslick, did not like it. Hanslick said that Bruckner composed like Wagner, but although Bruckner had learned from Wagner he did not simply copy him. Bruckner’s music shows his own strong personality. Hanslick, who preferred the symphonies of Brahms, did Bruckner a lot of harm by writing bad reviews of his music. He was Dean of the Music Department at the university in Vienna and did not want Bruckner to be appointed lecturer at the university. However, Bruckner did get that job in 1875. He became more and more famous, especially after the great conductor Arthur Nikisch conducted the first performance of his "Symphony no 7" in the Leipzig Gewandhaus in 1884. He was given many honours. At the time of his death he had not yet finished his "Symphony no 9". He was buried in St Florian.

Bruckner always remained a simple person who dressed and behaved like someone from a small village. He never felt very self-confident and was always asking other people whether he was good enough for his job. He never married or had a proper relationship with anyone although he fell in love with several young women.

Bruckner’s symphonies show a wonderful ability to develop ideas slowly over a long period of time. Some of the slow movements last about 30 minutes. His music builds up in stages to big climaxes in a similar way to organ music. His scherzos (third movements) are tuneful dance movements which often sound like country dances. His music shows great harmonic and polyphonic skills. Bruckner often made revisions (changes) to his music. This often makes a problem for conductors today as they have to decide which version to use. Many musicians think that often Bruckner’s first versions were the best. The revisions were often cuts to make a symphony shorter so that orchestras would be more likely to play it, but the cuts spoil the flow of the music. Nowadays we recognize Bruckner as one of the greatest writers of symphonies as well as a great composer of choral music.

Rondo

In music a rondo is a piece of music which has one main theme, which is heard several times, and other musical ideas in between each time. If we give the main theme a label "A" and the other musical ideas "B", "C", "D" etc. then the form of a rondo can be described as ABACADA. The sections in between the main "A" section are called "episodes". Rondos can vary in length, e.g. a rondo might be ABACADAEAFA. Each episode is normally in a different key from the main key.

The word "rondo" is sometimes given the French spelling: rondeau.

Composers from the Baroque period onwards often write movements which are in rondo form. In the Classical music period the last movement of a symphony or sonata is very often a rondo. Rondos are normally fast and lively. They are a good way of finishing a long piece of music with something that is happy.

The word "rondo" is related to the word "ritornello" meaning: something that keeps returning.

Rondo form is sometimes combined with sonata form to make something which is called "sonata rondo form". In sonata rondo form the second tune is treated like the second subject in sonata form where it comes back in the main key the second time.

Military engineering

A military engineer uses his skills in construction to build many different structures for warfare. These different structures can be made for either offense or defense. Other jobs include building and taking apart minefields and bridges. In some cases an engineer may have to destroy something that he has built before. This may be to stop the enemy soldiers following them across the river for example. In many armies the military engineers are also called pioneers or sappers.

Today a military engineer that operates during battle is called a combat engineer.

Perhaps the first people who had a special force of military engineering specialists were the Roman army. Roman military engineering was very good in its time. They were able to build a double-wall of fortifications that was thirty miles (50 km) long in total (both walls together) to besiege a city in Gaul, in just six weeks.

The design, construction, and destroying of the works shown would be the task of a military engineer.

Melisma

In music, a melisma is the technique of singing one syllable to a lot of notes. They are often called vocal runs or simply runs. Music which uses melismas can be called melismatic.

In Western music melismas are often used in operas or any other music which is written for the singer to show off the voice. Melismatic music is the opposite of music where each syllable has its own note. In the "Alleluia Chorus" from Handel's "Messiah" each syllable of the word "Alleluya" has its own note. But in other parts of the "Messiah" there are often melismas, e.g. in "Thus saith the Lord" the word "shake" ("and I will shake the heavens and the earth") is set to a run of 25 fast notes. This example can also be described as "word painting". Handel uses the melisma to make it sound like someone shaking something.

Melismas are used a lot in music from many different cultures.

Spinet

A spinet is a small kind of harpsichord. In Renaissance and Baroque times, and even later, people often had a spinet in their homes. The advantage of a spinet was that it was cheaper than a harpsichord and it also took up less room.

Sometimes the word used to be spelt differently, e.g. "spinnet" or "spinnit".

The spinet is different from a harpsichord because of the angle of the strings which run at an angle to the right. The whole instrument is a bit like a triangle in shape. The strings are arranged in pairs and the jacks (the quills which pluck the strings) are also in pairs in the wider gaps, plucking the string next to them.

Harpsichords may have several sounds (in the same way that an organ has several stops making different sounds). This is not possible on a spinet, which has one sound only. It is always an 8-foot sound (the notes sound at the normal pitch, never an octave higher). Spinets were useful for accompanying.

United Artists

United Artists is a Hollywood movie company. The original company was created in 1919 by actors by D. W. Griffith, Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford, and Douglas Fairbanks. This group did not want to depend on commercial studios.

In 1967, United Artists was bought by Transamerica Corporation. In 1981, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists merged to form MGM/UA Entertainment Co.. In 1985, Turner Broadcasting System announced it would buy MGM/UA. Then in 1986, MGM split from Turner (while keeping MGM's library of pre-May 1986 films, television and cartoons to make way for Turner Entertainment Co.) and renamed to MGM/UA Communications Co.. In 1990, MGM/UA was bought out by Pathé and renamed to MGM-Pathé Communications. In 1992, MGM-Pathé was bought by Crédit Lyonnais and reverted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In 1997, MGM was sold to Tracinda Corporation. In 2005, MGM/UA formed the new company MGM Holdings.

The current United Artists formed in November 2006. It was a partnership between producer/actor Tom Cruise and his production partner, Paula Wagner, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. from 2012 to 2015. It is a fully owned subsidiary of MGM. In 2015 it was owned by DHX Media until sold back to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, while handling UA's movies from 1952 to 2016. However, MGM decided to purchase United Artists back from DHX. They sold UA's stake to Amblin Partners in 2017, with newer movies produced by UA, under a partnership between MGM and Amblin.

United Artists Records was a record label founded by Max E. Youngstein in 1957. It was started in order to distribute records of its movie soundtracks. Later the label began recording music of other types.

Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer

Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., (also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, commonly shortened to MGM), is an American media company specializing in film and television production and distribution. Founded on April 17, 1924, and based in Beverly Hills, California, it is owned by the Amazon MGM Studios subsidiary of Amazon.

The company is named after three companies which were combined in 1924 to start the MGM movie company. They were Metro Pictures, Samuel Goldwyn Productions, and Louis B. Mayer Productions.

From the 1920s through World War II, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer was the largest movie studio in Hollywood. They made more money than any other studio. At its busiest, MGM made about one movie a week and also made many short movies and cartoons. By the mid-1930s MGM had 4,000 employees. It had 23 Sound stages on their 117-acre lot. In 1939 MGM's assets were worth $144 million USD. In the 1940s the studio had problems. Movie theatre attendance was declining and television was starting to draw people away from the movies. In 1948, the Supreme Court decision United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc. put an end to movie studios owning their own theatres. Lowes continued to be the parent company of MGM. But in 1954 Lowes Theatres was formed to control most of the movie theatres. In the late 1960s and 1970s, MGM sold off most of their back lot. They sold MGM's British studios and MGM Records.

In 1981 MGM's major stockholder, Kirk Kerkorian bought United Artists. In 1983 MGM and United Artists merged as MGM/UA Entertainment. On August 7, 1985, Turner Broadcasting System announced that they would buy MGM/UA. Turner saw the value of acquiring pre-May 1986 MGM's film library for his superstation WTBS. Under the terms of the deal, Turner would immediately sell MGM's United Artists back to Kerkorian. As a result of the MGM split from Turner, both MGM and UA became merely brands of MGM/UA Communications Co. in late 1986.

In late 1986 after Turner Broadcasting System split into two companies; Turner Broadcasting System and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Turner continued to release the pre-May 1986 MGM film and television library on video known as Turner Home Entertainment. Turner sold the MGM lot for $190 million to Lorimar-Telepictures.

In 1990, Giancarlo Parretti, the owner of The Cannon Group, bought MGM/UA for $1.2 billion. He then merged Cannon with MGM and named it MGM-Pathé Communications. In 1991 there were a number of lawsuits and he defaulted to Crédit Lyonnais, his financial backer. Parretti also faced securities fraud charges in the United States and Europe. The company name was changed back to Metro-Goldwin-Mayer Inc. US bankruptcy laws forced Crédit Lyonnais to sell MGM. It was acquired again by Kerkorian for $1.3 billion.

"The Wizard of Oz" is one of the most famous movies made by MGM. It was made in 1939. The star of the movie was Judy Garland. MGM has also made other famous movies like "", the James Bond movies and the "Rocky" movies.

Apostle

Apostle and The Apostles can mean:




Intercontinental Cup

The European/South American Cup, commonly called the Intercontinental Cup or Toyota Cup, was a football competition by UEFA and CONMEBOL. The competition was between the winners of the European Champions League and the South American Copa Libertadores in a match played each year.

The Cup was called the World Club Championship until the first FIFA Club World Cup was held in 2000. It was played by representatives clubs of most developed continents in the football world.

From 2005, the Intercontinental Cup was replaced by the FIFA Club World Cup. The FIFA Club World Cup also includes North American, Asian, African and Oceanian winners. 
In 2017 FIFA officially recognized all of them as club world champions (de jure) with the same status to the FIFA Club World Cup winners or official world champions FIFA. In synthesis FIFA has two types of world champions, those deriving from the Intercontinental Cup and those deriving from the Club World Cup, the two competitions confer the same title. The football experts agree that the intercontinental cup is the most fascinating football competition ever existed thanks to the great balance in the field given by the lower economic gap of the time and rules on foreign players who gradually favored the European teams and weakened the South American teams; also the statistics confirm this.

"See also:" Clubs of football world champions

Since 2005: FIFA Club World Cup
The performance of various clubs is shown in the following tables:





The man of the match was selected from 1980. Here is the list of the winners.



Hafizullah Amin

Hafizullah Amin (, August 1, 1929 – December 27, 1979) was the second President of Afghanistan. He was president during the time of the communist Democratic Republic of Afghanistan. The Soviets got information from their KGB spies that Amin's rule was a threat to the stability of Afghanistan. They also were not certain about Amin’s loyalty to the Soviet Union. The Soviets found some information about Amin trying to become closer to Pakistan and China. The Soviets also believed that Amin was behind the death of president Nur Muhammad Taraki. Finally, the Soviets decided to remove Amin.

Paraíba

Paraíba is one of the states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern part of the country, on the Atlantic coast. It is the easternmost point of the Americas. João Pessoa is the capital city.


In the mid-1500s, Portuguese settlers from Pernambuco founded Filipéia de Nossa Senhora das Neves (today João Pessoa) at the mouth of the Paraíba do Norte River.

The area was found to be perfect for making sugar. The French, the Dutch and the Portuguese all fought to have the Paraíba region to grow sugarcane in. The fortress of Santa Catarina, near João Pessoa, was built to protect the city from the Dutch.

In late 1989 a team looking for gemstone and led by Heitor Dimas Barbosa found what some people believe are the best tourmaline crystals ever found. Copper in the crystals gives the tourmalines a bright turquoise color that had never been seen before in the gems. The mountains have been searched after this, but no more crystals have been found.

The word "nego" is Portuguese for "I deny". It refers to protests in the 1920s in Paraíba against Júlio Prestes becoming the President of Brazil. State president João Pessoa supported these protests. João Pessoa joined the alliance to the overthrow of the federal government. This group caused Getúlio Vargas to become president. The rebellion lead to João Pessoa being killed.

The official government site of the state of Paraíba says that the red is for the blood of the assassination of João Pessoa. The black is for the mourning after the assassination.

Mato Grosso do Sul

Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil. It shares borders with the states of Mato Grosso, Goiás, Minas Gerais, São Paulo and Paraná. It also borders the countries of Paraguay and Bolivia to the west. Campo Grande is the capital of the state

Mato Grosso do Sul means "Southern Thick Forest". The name comes from its northern neighbour state of Mato Grosso. Mato Grosso do Sul was a part of Mato Grosso until they were split in the 1970s. Many people wrongly refer to Mato Grosso do Sul as simply "Mato Grosso". This has caused the government to consider changing its name to "Pantanal", the world's largest wetlands which is in the state.

Mato Grosso do Sul's economy is based mainly on farm products. Cattle-raising is the most important product of the state. Other products include sugarcane, wheat, soybeans, manioc, rice and cotton.

The state is in western Brazil, in an area of the country that is mostly marshes of the Pantanal.

Mato Grosso do Sul is divided into 11 regions. It has 78 municipalities. Larger cities include:

The highest elevation is the 1,065 m high Morro Grande.

In 1977 the state was created by dividing the state of Mato Grosso. It officially became a state two years later on January 1, 1979.

Mato Grosso do Sul's flag was made by Mauro Michael Munhoz. White is for hope, green is for the state's plantlife, blue is for the sky and the yellow star adds balance, force and serenity.

Swimming pool

A swimming pool is a tank or large basin that is filled with water and intended for recreational or competitive swimming or diving. Pools are also used for other bathing activities, such as playing, wading, water exercising, floating on inner tubes, or cooling off on hot days. 

Various methods are used to keep algae, germs, and other bad things out of the pool. The chemical chlorine kills germs and algae. Sometimes sea water is also used for this. The filtration system is also used for this. Pump and Filter are two main components of a swimming pool filtration system.

Some pools are indoor so they can be used when weather is bad. Most are outdoor. There are different types of swimming pools. 










Danny Elfman

Daniel Robert "Danny" Elfman (May 29, 1953) is an American film composer, singer and songwriter. He is Jewish (of British Jewish, Polish Jewish and Russian Jewish descent). He wrote music for many movies and television series. In 2002, he married actress Bridget Fonda. They have one child, Oliver Elfman (born September 19, 2003). 

Elfman stated composers & Musical Artists like Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Alfred Newman, David Tamkin, George Bruns, Alban Berg, Thomas Tallis, Max Stiener, Buddy Baker, Dimitri Tiomkin, Franz Waxman, Igor Stravinsky, Sergei Prokofiev, Carl Orff, Dr. Seuss, Jakob Gimpel, Kurt Weil, Peter Gabriel, Harry Partch, George Gershwin, Dimitri Tiomkin, Alice Cooper, Leonard Bernstein, Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, John Barry, Maurice Jarre, John Williams, Lalo Schifrin, Oliver Wallace, Henry Mancini, Randy Newman, Bernard Herrmann, Frank Zappa, Carl W. Stalling, Scott Bradley, Frank Churchill and Hans Zimmer as influences. 

Elfman's work in rock and pop music and specifically as songwriter for Oingo Boingo was influenced by The Specials, Madness, Selecter, Devo, Talking Heads, XTC and Lene Lovich, as well as British comedy rock band Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias.

Elfmans has written music for dozens of movie and video games. Some of his famous works include:


Elfman has been nominated for many awards in the music and movie business.


FIFA 07

FIFA 07 is a Sony PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, Xbox, GameCube, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and Microsoft Windows game that features world beat music and fun football action. The object is to score more goals that the opponent. The game can be played in either English or Spanish, these modes have different announcers. There is an exhibition mode, a manager mode, a practice mode, and a tournament mode.


Ralph Waldo Emerson

Ralph Waldo Emerson (May 25, 1803 – April 27, 1882) was an American author, poet, and philosopher.

Emerson was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1803. His father was a Unitarian minister. He chose not to follow the beliefs of the Unitarians and instead, created his own world view, Transcendentalism. He first wrote about this view in an essay called "Nature" in 1836. Emerson's father died when he was only eight years old. He studied at school in Boston and went to Harvard University, one of the most well-rated universities in the country. 

Many men were heads of a town church in Emerson’s family history. His father wanted him to be one, too. In 1817, at the age of 14, he began his education at Harvard College. He finished in 1821 and started to teach in a local school. In 1825, he continued studies at Harvard Divinity School to be a minister. By 1829, he was the head of a church in Boston. Then some events happened that made him change the direction of his life.

In 1831, his wife died. Soon after that, Emerson left America to go on a journey through Europe. He returned after almost a year, then married again in 1833. Emerson didn’t want to continue to be the head of a church. Instead, he began speaking in halls and schools. He began writing his thoughts in short writings and speeches. His first essay was “Nature.” It would become one of his most popular essays. Then, many scholars know about him after he gave a speech at Harvard Divinity School in 1837. Emerson became an author instead of a head of a town church by creating his own, instead of following someone else's, plan for his life.

Emerson’s days as a child, when he was the son of a head of a town church, shaped his religious views. He also formed his way of thinking about spiritual topics from his education at Harvard. These views are present in his philosophy of Transcendentalism, a way of thinking about the connections between man, nature, and the highest being. Church leaders of Emerson’s time focused on religious topics. Emerson instead focused on the everyday lives of people. Even though his father died when he was eight, and his first wife died a few years after marriage, Emerson wrote in a good way about his subjects. Samuel Taylor Coleridge, an author who lived during the same time as Emerson, also affected him.

Emerson had several effects on Americans during his time. The first effect he had was on the value of the individual. He once wrote, “Let us unfetter ourselves of our historical associations and find a pure standard in the idea of man.” Up to this time, Americans still looked to England and other European countries for ideas on fashion and ways of thinking. Emerson’s writings gave impulse to Americans to be free of European ideas on what is right or good. Along with individualism, Emerson is best known for starting the Transcendentalist movement. This philosophy made important the ideas of self-discovery and the connections between nature, all persons as a group, and the highest being.

In his later life, Emerson was a close friend of many other important authors and thinkers, including William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John Stuart Mill, and Thomas Carlyle. He traveled the world, including France, England, Italy and the Middle East. Emerson was active in writing and speaking into the 1870s. However, he started to forget things. He would only read from detailed notes or scripts. By 1879, his memory was so bad that he stopped making public appearances and speeches. He still socialized at private events, but never with the amount of talking that he once did. Walt Whitman described him at a party in 1881 to be a careful listener but he didn’t join in any conversations. Within six months, in early 1882, Emerson died of pneumonia in Concord, Massachusetts.


Bushranger

A bushranger was a thief who lived in the Australian bush. Bushrangers often stole expensive things from banks or coaches. There were more than 2000 bushrangers during Australia's past. Most were simply criminals and thieves. A few bushrangers became famous and were seen as heroes. They are part of a long history that has men such as Robin Hood and Dick Turpin in England, or Jesse James and Billy the Kid in the US.

The word "bushranger" was first used in Australia in 1805. It described three men who had stopped a cart near Sydney. Then, the word was used for criminals who attacked people on the roads or in the bush (the Australian countryside away from towns).

The first bushrangers were escaped convicts. One of the last bushrangers was Ned Kelly who was captured in 1880.

Criminals who escaped stole things from farms far away and people walking on the roads. Sometimes they sold the stolen things to other free settlers.

John "Black" Caesar was the first bushranger. He ran away from Sydney Cove many times before he was shot dead in 1796.

Bold Jack Donahue appeared in newspapers around 1827 for bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor. In the 1830s he was seen as the worst bushranger in the colony. Leading a gang of escaped criminals, Donahue became an important person in Australian folklore as the Wild Colonial Boy.

Bushranging happened all over Australia, but Van Diemen's Land (later known as Tasmania) produced the most violent and serious bushrangers. Hundreds of criminals were at large in the bush, farms were given up, and the army was brought in to try and capture the bushrangers. Indigenous Australian bushranger Musquito led attacks on settlers.

The bushrangers were busiest during the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s. Gold can be easily carried and also it can easily be turned into cash. The goldfields were in remote places and there were not very many police to guard the gold.

George Melville was killed by hanging in front of many people for stealing from the McIvor gold escort near Castlemaine in 1853.

Bushranging numbers grew in New South Wales with the rise of the colonial-born sons of poor, often ex-convict farmers, who wanted a more exciting life than mining or farming.

Much of the bushranging in these years was in the Lachlan Valley, around Forbes, Yass and Cowra.

Frank Gardiner, John Gilbert and Ben Hall led the most notorious gangs of the period. Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan, based around the Murray River, and Captain Thunderbolt, killed outside Uralla, New South Wales.

The increasing push of settlement, increased police efficiency, better rail transport and communications, such as telegraphy, made it increasingly difficult for bushrangers to evade capture.

Among the last bushrangers was the Kelly Gang led by Ned Kelly, who were captured at Glenrowan, Victoria in 1880, two years after they were outlawed.

In 1900 the Governor Brothers scared many people in the north of New South Wales.

In Australia, bushrangers often attract public sympathy.

In the same way that outlaws feature in many movies of the American western genre, bushrangers regularly feature in Australian literature, movie, music and television. These include:


Some bushrangers became famous as a result of their activities. They include:


The bush

The bush is a phrase used to describe land where people do not live, land a long way from cities, or forests. The word is mainly used in Australia, New Zealand, Africa, Canada, and Alaska. 
In Australia, the phrase, "the bush", has a special symbolic meaning in Australian life. When used to describe the land, "the bush" means a wooded area, but not dense forest. It is usually dry and nitrogen-poor soil, mostly grassless, with thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes, with some eucalypt trees.

When talking about people, "the bush" means any unpopulated areas outside of the major metropolitan areas. This can include mining and farming areas. It is not unusual to have a mining town in the desert, such as Port Hedland, Western Australia (Pop. 14,000) called "the bush" in the media.

The word bush is also added to any number of other words, things or activities to describe their rural, country or folk nature, e.g. "Bush Cricket", "Bush Music", etc.

Moondyne Joe

Moondyne Joe (1826 – 1900), real name Joseph Bolitho Johns, is the most famous bushranger from Western Australia. He became famous, not for his crimes, but for his many escapes from gaol (jail).

Johns was born in Cornwall, England around 1826. His father Thomas Johns was a blacksmith. He might have had smallpox in his youth, as later his face is said to be "pockmarked". After his father died, Johns and his three brothers worked in the copper mines. In 1841 the family was living at Illogan, Penwith, Cornwall. By 1848 Johns had moved to Wales, working as an iron ore miner, at the Clydach Iron Works.

On 15 November 1848, Johns and a friend, John Williams, were arrested near Chepstow for stealing from the house of Richard Price, three loaves of bread, one piece of bacon, several cheeses, and "other goods".<ref name="The Welshman 30/03/1849"></ref> They were charged with burglary and stealing, but they said they did not steal anything. On 23 March they were tried in court with Sir William Erleas the judge. Newspaper reports say that the men were very determined to prove their innocence, but Johns was not polite and did not follow the normal court rules. The men were convicted and sent to gaol for ten years. Johns must have made the judge angry. In other cases before the same judge that day, people on the same type of charges were sent to gaol for times between three weeks to three months.

Johns and Williams spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area, before being sent to Millbank Prison. On 1 January 1850, they were sent to Pentonville Prison to serve six months of solitary confinement. On 21 October 1851, they were sent to Dartmoor Prison. Johns was sent to the Woolwich prison hulk "Justitia", probably for bad behavior. When the "Justitia" was destroyed by fire, he was moved to the "Defence". About a year later, he was put on convict transport ship, the "Pyrenees", and sent to the British penal colony of Western Australia.

The "Pyrenees" sailed for Western Australia on 2 February 1853, and arrived in Fremantle on 30 April. He was a well behaved prisoner, and as a reward Johns was given a ticket of leave. On 10 March 1855, he was given a conditional pardon. He moved to the Avon Valley, which was a remote valley, in the Darling Range. The Aboriginal name for the area was "Moondyne". Johns put a fence around a natural water spring in the area, and trapped lost sheep, cattle and horses when they came to drink. Farmers would pay a reward to get their animals back.

In August 1861, Johns trapped a horse without a brand (owner's mark). He put his own brand on it, which was really stealing. He was soon arrested by the police. The horse was taken as evidence, and Johns was placed in the Toodyay gaol. During the night, Johns escaped from his cell, took the horse and the magistrate's new saddle and bridle. He was caught the next day, but he had killed the horse and cut out the brand to destroy the evidence. Without the proof he was only sent to gaol for three years for escaping, not the ten years he would have been given for horse stealing.

Johns was a well behaved prisoner, so he was let out early with a ticket of leave in February 1864. He worked on a farm at Kelmscott. In January 1865 a bullock was killed and eaten, and the police said that Johns had done it. He said he had not killed the animal, but in court he was sent to gaol for ten years. At this time the only things he owned were one pair of trousers, one shirt, one pair of boots, one strap and one old hat. Johns decided he would not stay in gaol because he had not done anything wrong. In November he and another prisoner escaped from a work party. During the next month they robbed a few houses. Johns began calling himself "Moondyne Joe". They were captured east of York by the police with help from a black tracker, Tommy Windich. Black trackers were Indigenous Australian who had very good skills for finding things in the bush. For escaping, and for having a gun, Moondyne Joe was sent to prison for 12 months. He had to wear iron chains around his legs.

Moondyne Joe did not think he had been treated properly. In April 1865, he wrote a letter to the Chief Justice. The Chief Justice cut his gaol time by four years, but Joe was still not happy. A few weeks later he tried to cut the lock out of his door. He was given another six months in leg irons. In August, he escaped again, cutting off his leg irons. He met up with three other escaped convicts and together they robbed people in the bush around Perth. At the end of August, one of the gang was taken prisoner by the police.

Moondyne Joe came up with a plan to get away from Western Australia by going overland to South Australia. This would be a long and difficult journey through the desert. On 5 September, Moondyne Joe stole boots, blankets, clothing, guns and ammunition, knives and food from a shop at Toodyay, owned by an old convict, James Everett. The gang went east, following the track made by the explorer Charles Hunt. Their tracks were discovered by police on 26 September, about east of York. The police set out after them, and they were captured on 29 September, about north east of Perth. This is near where the town of Westonia is now.

Moondyne Joe was sent back to jail, and given another five years with hard labor. To make sure that he could not escape again, he was sent to Fremantle Prison where a special cell was built. It was made with stone, and lined with very thick pieces of wood. He was set to work in the prison yard breaking up rocks into small stones. He was watched all the time by a prison guard. The Governor of Western Australia, John Hampton, said to Johns: "If you get out again, I'll forgive you".

However, the rocks broken up by Joe were not taken away, and soon a large amount of stones blocked the guard's view of Joe's legs. Partly hidden behind the stones, he sometimes hit his hammer against the prison wall. On 7 March, 1867, Moondyne Joe escaped through a hole he had made in the prison wall. The police searched everywhere, but he could not be found. He did not rob any more people, and he did not go any place where someone might know who he was. Many prisoners heard about Moondyne Joe's escape, and tried to escape themselves.

In March 1867, Moondyne Joe tried to steal some wine from the cellars at Houghton Winery. The owner had been helping the police on another search, and brought the policemen to the winery for a drink. Joe thought he had been seen, and ran out of the cellar, right into the policemen. He was sent back to prison and given four more years, as well as having to wear chains around his legs. He tried to escape, but was quickly captured. The new Governor, Weld, heard about Hampton's promise, and said the extra punishment was not fair. Moondyne Joe was given another ticket of leave in April 1871.

Moondyne Joe did not rob anyone else, though he did do some wrong things and was sent back to jail a few more times. In January 1879, he married a widow named Louisa Hearn, and they spent some time looking for gold near Southern Cross. In 1881, while looking around Karridale, he discovered Moondyne Cave. In his later years, he began acting strangely, and became mentally ill. He died of senile dementia in the Fremantle Lunatic Asylum (now the Fremantle Arts Centre building) on 13 August, 1900. He was buried in Fremantle Cemetery.

Every year, on the first Sunday of May, the small town of Toodyay remembers the life of Moondyne Joe with the Moondyne Festival. This festival takes place in the main street with street theatre, markets and performances. The most recent Moondyne Festival was on Sunday May 1, 2016.

While Moondyne Joe was bushranging in 1869, an Irish prisoner named John Boyle O'Reilly was in Fremantle Prison. He must have heard many stories about Joe's escapes. In September 1869, O'Reilly escaped with help from an American ship. After he got to the United States, he wrote a novel about convict life called Moondyne: An Australian Tale, whose main character was called "Moondyne Joe". The book is not a true story, and the character and the story are different to the life of Joseph Johns.

In 1913, O'Reilly's book was made into a movie called "Moondyne". Directed by W. J. Lincoln, it starred George Bryant, Godfrey Cass and Roy Redgrave.

Randolph Stow wrote a funny children's book, "Midnite: The Story of a Wild Colonial Boy", in 1967. This told the story of an Australian bushranger based on the lives of Moondyne Joe and a Queensland bushranger, Captain Starlight.

In 2002, Cygnet Books published "The Legend of Moondyne Joe", by Mark Greenwood and pictures by Frané Lessac. The book won the award in the Children's Books section at the 2002 Western Australian Premier's Book Awards.

The Ballad of Moondyne Joe, a song which started:

"In the Darling Ranges, many years ago,<br>
There lived a daring outlaw, by the name of ‘Moondyne Joe’...".

Anonymous 
sung at the time of his 1867 escape:

The Governor's son has got the pip,<br> 
The Governor's got the measles. <br> 
For Moondyne Joe has give 'em the slip, <br> 
Pop goes the weasel. "

Anonymous

"It were Moondyne of course<br>
That took Ferguson's horse...<br> "

Fremantle

Fremantle is a port city in Western Australia. It is the main city on the ocean and is near Perth. The city has a population of 26,000 people. It is at the place where the Swan River runs into the Indian Ocean.

It was established by English people who arrived there in 1829 and established the Swan River Colony. The city is named after Charles Fremantle who was the captain of the first ship to arrive there.

Standard deviation

Standard deviation is a number used to tell how measurements for a group are spread out from the average (mean or expected value). A low standard deviation means that most of the numbers are close to the average, while a high standard deviation means that the numbers are more spread out.

The reported margin of error is usually twice the standard deviation. Scientists commonly report the standard deviation of numbers from the average number in experiments. They often decide that only differences bigger than two or three times the standard deviation are important. Standard deviation is also useful in money, where the standard deviation on interest earned shows how different one person’s interest earned might be from the average.

Many times, only a sample, or part of a group can be measured. Then a number close to the standard deviation for the whole group can be found by a slightly different equation called the sample standard deviation, explained below. In which case, the standard deviation of the whole group is represented by the Greek letter formula_1, and that of the sample by formula_2.

Consider a group having the following eight numbers:
These eight numbers have the average (mean) of 5:
To calculate the population standard deviation, first find the difference of each number in the list from the mean. Then square the result of each difference:
Next, find the average of these values (sum divided by the number of numbers). Last, take the square root:
The answer is the population standard deviation. The formula is only true if the eight numbers we started with are the whole group. If they are only a part of the group picked at random, then we can obtain an unbiased "estimate" of what the population standard deviation is by dividing by instead of in the bottom (denominator) of the formula above. Then the answer is the (bias-corrected) sample standard deviation. This is called the Bessel's Correction. We often use this correction because the sample variance, i.e., the square of the sample standard deviation, is an unbiased estimator of the population variance, in other words, the expected value or long-run average of the sample variance equals the population (true) variance. However, it is not the case that the sample standard deviation is an unbiased estimator of the population standard deviation. Although Bessel's correction is an unbiased estimate of the variance, this estimate does have a higher mean square error than the biased estimate, or in other words, the biased estimate (that is, dividing by "n" rather than "n-1") is on average closer to the true value.

Here is a slightly harder, real-life example: The average height for grown men in the United States is 70", with a standard deviation of 3". A standard deviation of 3” means that most men (about 68%, assuming a normal distribution) have a height between 3" taller and 3” shorter than the average (67"–73") — one standard deviation. Almost all men (about 95%) have a height between 6” taller and 6” shorter than the average (64"–76") — two standard deviations. Three standard deviations include all the numbers for 99.7% of the sample population being studied. This is true if the distribution is normal (bell-shaped).

If the standard deviation were zero, then all men would be exactly 70" tall. If the standard deviation were 20", then some men would be much taller or much shorter than the average, with a typical range of about 50"–90". 

For another example, each of the three groups {0, 0, 14, 14}, {0, 6, 8, 14} and {6, 6, 8, 8} has an average (mean) of 7. But their standard deviations are 7, 5, and 1. The third group has a much smaller standard deviation than the other two because its numbers are all close to 7. In general, the standard deviation tells us how far from the average the rest of the numbers tend to be, and it will have the same units as the numbers themselves. If, for example, the group {0, 6, 8, 14} is the ages of a group of four brothers in years, the average is 7 years and the standard deviation is 5 years.

Standard deviation may serve as a measure of uncertainty. In science, for example, the standard deviation of a group of repeated measurements helps scientists know how sure they are of the average number. When deciding whether measurements from an experiment agree with a prediction, the standard deviation of those measurements is very important. If the average number from the experiments is too far away from the predicted number (with the distance measured in standard deviations), then the theory being tested may not be right. For more information, see prediction interval.

Understanding the standard deviation of a set of values allows us to know how large a difference from the "average" (mean) is expected.

As a simple example, consider the average daily high temperatures for two cities, one inland and one near the ocean. It is helpful to understand that the range of daily high temperatures for cities near the ocean is smaller than for cities inland. These two cities may each have the same average daily high temperature. However, the standard deviation of the daily high temperature for the coastal city will be less than that of the inland city .

Another way of seeing it is to consider sports teams. In any sport, there will be teams that are good at some things and not at others. The teams that are ranked highest will not show a lot of differences in abilities. They do well in most categories. The lower the standard deviation of their ability in each category, the more balanced and consistent they are. Teams with a higher standard deviation, however, will be less predictable. A team that is usually bad in most categories will have a low standard deviation. A team that is usually good in most categories will also have a low standard deviation. However, a team with a high standard deviation might be the type of team that scores many points (strong offense) but also lets the other team score many points (weak defense). 

Trying to know ahead of time which teams will win may include looking at the standard deviations of the various team "statistics." Numbers that are different from expected can match strengths vs. weaknesses to show what reasons may be most important in knowing which team will win. 

In racing, the time a driver takes to finish each lap around the track is measured. A driver with a low standard deviation of lap times is more consistent than a driver with a higher standard deviation. This information can be used to help understand how a driver can reduce the time to finish a lap.

In money, standard deviation may mean the risk that a price will go up or down (stocks, bonds, property, etc.). It can also mean the risk that a group of prices will go up or down (actively managed mutual funds, index mutual funds, or ETFs). Risk is one reason to make decisions about what to buy. Risk is a number people can use to know how much money they may earn or lose. As risk gets larger, the return on an investment can be more than expected (the "plus" standard deviation). However, an investment can also lose more money than expected (the "minus" standard deviation). 

For example, a person had to choose between two stocks. Stock A over the past 20 years had an average return of 10 percent, with a standard deviation of 20 percentage points (pp). Stock B over the past 20 years had an average return of 12 percent but a higher standard deviation of 30 pp. Thinking about the risk, the person may decide that Stock A is the safer choice. Even though they may not make as much money, they probably will not lose much money either. The person may think that Stock B's 2 point higher average is not worth the additional 10 pp standard deviation (greater risk or uncertainty of the expected return).

Most math equations for standard deviation assume that the numbers are normally distributed. This means that the numbers are spread out in a certain way on both sides of the average value. The normal distribution is also called a Gaussian distribution because it was discovered by Carl Friedrich Gauss. It is often called the bell curve because the numbers spread out to make the shape of a bell on a graph. 

Numbers are not normally distributed if they are grouped on one side or the other side of the average value. Numbers can be spread out and still be normally distributed. The standard deviation tells how widely the numbers are spread out.

The average (mean) and the standard deviation of a set of data are usually written together. Then a person can understand what the average number is and how widely other numbers in the group are spread out. 

The way a group of numbers is spread out can also be given by the coefficient of variation (CV), which is the standard deviation divided by the average. It is a dimensionless number. Coefficient of variation is often multiplied by 100% and written as a percentage.

The term "standard deviation" was first used in writing by Karl Pearson in 1894, after he used it in lectures. It was as a replacement for earlier names for the same idea: for example, Gauss used "mean error".



53 BC

Year 53 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Messalla and Calvinus (or sometimes year 701 "Ab urbe condita"). This year has been called 53 BC since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the most common way of naming years in Europe.



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and last book in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. The book was released worldwide on 21 July 2007. It became the fastest-selling book ever, with 8.3 million copies sold in the United States during the first 24 hours.

This book is about Harry Potter, the main character of the book series, going on a journey to destroy horcruxes made by the villain of the series, Voldemort.

The movie was to be released in 2010, but on 8 March 2008, it was announced that the movie will be split into two parts; part one was released on 19 November 2010 and part two was released on 15 July 2011.

In Harry potter and the Deathly hallows, Harry and Hermione visit Lily and James Potter's graves. Ron has left Harry and Hermione for a while. At the end Voldemort is finally dead once and for all. Nineteen years later Harry marries Ginny Weasley and Hermione marries Ron Weasley. They all live happily, knowing nothing can harm them now.


Boiling

Boiling is the phase change that occurs when a liquid becomes gas throughout the substance. When bubbles are formed you can tell a substance is boiling. This is not to be confused with evaporation.

The temperature at which boiling happens is called the boiling point and depends on the particular nature of the substance.

For example, water boils at around 100 °C (Celsius degrees). When water is boiling, it transforms into a vapor called water vapor.



He

He (, unstressed ) is a third-person singular pronoun used to talk about a male. "He" can be used in place of a male's name. When the name of a man has been the subject, then "he" can be used instead of that name. While "he" is the subject form, the word "him" is the object or possessive form ("see table below"). The word "he" is used for a man (or boy) where the word "she" would be used for a woman.

In the past, "he" and "him" were often used as gender-neutral pronouns. In other words, the word may have been used in a general way to refer to any person who is either male or female.

Swan River

The Swan River is an important river in Western Australia. It runs past the city of Perth and into the Indian Ocean at Fremantle.

Scheinfeld

Scheinfeld is a town in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km northwest of Neustadt (Aisch), and 40 km east of Würzburg. Schloss Schwarzenberg is next to the town. The town is home to an Adidas testing factory.


Dirk Nowitzki

Dirk Werner Nowitzki (born June 19, 1978 in Würzburg, Germany; pronounced "durk VER-ner nah-VIT-skee") is a former German basketball player. He played for the Dallas Mavericks in the United States' National Basketball Association's (NBA).

Nowitzki started playing in the NBA in 1998. He is only the second player who was born in Germany to play in the Finals. 

He is a 12-time NBA All Star. Nowitkzi won the 2006-07 NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award. The Mavericks, led by Nowitzki, defeated the Miami Heat 4-2 in the 2011 NBA Finals. In addition to performing very well in general in the Finals, his 101-degree fever in Game 4 didn't stop him from scoring the winning basket to tie the series 2-2. This amazing feat is a lot like when Michael Jordan played well despite the flu in the 1997 Finals against the Utah Jazz.
Dirk's jersey number is 41.


Volkach

Volkach is a town in Kitzingen in the "Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken" (Lower Franconia) in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Main and has a population of around 8,700.


Ochsenfurt

Ochsenfurt () is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. Ochsenfurt is on the left edge of the River Main. This makes it the largest town in the Würzburg district.

The town is on the left edge of the River Main, south of Würzburg.

The "districts" of Ochsenfurt are: Darstadt, Erlach, Goßmannsdorf, Hohestadt, Hopferstadt, Kleinochsenfurt, Tückelhausen, and Zeubelried.

Ochsenfurt is twinned with:


Kitzingen (district)

Kitzingen is a district in Bavaria, Germany.

The district was last changed in 1973. The old district of Gerolzhofen was split up, and half of its territory was joined with the old Kitzingen district. The city of Kitzingen lost its status as an independent city and was put into the district.

The Main River runs through the district from south to north.


Haflinger

Haflinger is an all-round breed of horse. It is a mountain horse but today people use it for spare time. A Haflinger counts as a pony breed of horse. The first cloned horse, Prometea is of this breed. A Haflinger has a gallant dry head with big eyes, wide-dilating nostrils, and small, attentive ears. People who raise this breed want them to have a good muscled body and a smart neck.


Kevin Kurányi

Kevin Kuranyi (born 2 March 1982 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a German football player. He used to play for the German national team, but was excluded in October 2008 due to improper behaviour. His team is Dynamo Moscow. Before playing for Moscow, he played for Stuttgart and Schalke.

261||111||22||12||47||17||330||140
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
261||111||22||12||47||17||330||140

!Total||52||19

Würzburger Kickers

Kickers Wurzburg is one of the most traditional football clubs in Franconia. It was founded in 1907.

Famous Footballers of FC Wurzburger Kickers:


Chico, California

Chico is a city in the Central Valley of the American state of California. It is in the northern part of the state. Chico is in the Sacramento Valley close to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. The city has a population of 101,475, as of 2020. People first started living in Chico in 1843. The city was founded in 1860 and started to govern itself in 1872.



Repperndorf

Repperndorf is a village in Regierungsbezirk, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. Since 1977 it is part of the town of Kitzingen. Repperndorf has a population of 260 people. The village has a graveyard and two churches, one for Catholics and one for Protestants. It also has one restaurant and one soccer club. There was the famous "Schnitzel factory" but now it moved to Kitzingen.

Großlangheim

Großlangheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Falun Gong

Falun Gong (also known as Falun Dafa) is a spiritual discipline from China with exercises similar to Tai chi chuan. It was founded by Li Hongzhi in 1992. People who follow Falun Gong do five exercises and read books written by Li Hongzhi, the movement's founder. They believe in "Truthfulness, Compassion and Forbearance", and they also believe that the Falun Gong exercises can make them healthy, and make them better people. In 1999, after a big Falun Gong gathering in front of a Chinese government building, the Communist Party of China said: people cannot practice Falun Gong, it is "illegal". 

The police started arresting Falun Gong followers, and according to human rights organizations, over 3000 people have been jailed and tortured to death. The Chinese government claimed that Falun Gong spread superstitions, while others have suggest that Falun Gong's popularity challenges the rule of the Chinese Communist Party. Many people and organizations outside of China have called for the Chinese government to stop jailing and killing Falun Gong people.

It is not known how many people practice Falun Gong. The Chinese government suggests there were 70 million practitioners in China in 1998. A Falun Gong website claims there are 100 million practitioners in more than 80 countries.

Reporter Ethan Gutmann said about 65,000 Falun Gong people were killed for their body parts from 2000 to 2008.


Deflation

Deflation means that generally the prices of products are going down. It is the opposite of inflation. It is said, that deflation happens when there is less money than there are goods. It is also said that deflation is a sign of a weak state of that country's economy, because deflation usually happens during an economic collapse. Deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation.

Deflation starts when people are waiting for prices to go down even more. They will then spend less money. Because of that, companies can not afford to keep up the amount of goods that are made, and have to lower that amount, as well as fire workers to make even a small profit.

Even if an economy is growing, there can be some amount of deflation - if the amount of money going around grows slower than the making of goods. There has not been much deflation in the world since the 1930s, except in Japan.

Deflation can be helped by the country's own government by lowering the companies' tax levels, so they can lower their prices while getting the same profit. This way normal people are more encouraged to buy the cheap goods they were waiting for, and slowly the companies can make more profit. Governments do not like deflation, because it means that they can collect less tax.

Chemical symbol

A chemical symbol is the shortform of the name of an element. Usually, it is made up of one or two letters, but sometimes it is made up of three letters. For example, the chemical symbol for oxygen is O. The chemical symbol for calcium is Ca. Before it is discovered and scientists decided what it would be called, the chemical symbol for ununennium was Uue.

All chemical symbols start with a capital letter, and any letters after that are lowercase.

The chemical symbols are listed with the elements in the periodic table. Chemical symbols are also used when writing chemical formulas. For example, the chemical formula for water is HO, meaning that it contains two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.

Many chemical symbols are the first one or two letters of the element. Others come from the name in another language. For example, the symbol for sodium is Na, which comes from the Latin name "Natrium". 

Secretary of State

Secretary of State is a title for a government official. The title has different meanings in different countries, and in some cases there are several Secretaries of State in the government.

In many countries, a secretary of state is a mid-level official. 


In the United States federal government, the Secretary of State is the head of the United States Department of State, and is responsible for foreign policy. In most other countries, this official is called the Foreign Secretary or foreign minister. The Secretary of State is the highest-ranking member of the Cabinet. The current U.S. Secretary of State is Antony Blinken.

Official

An official (and, or, functionary) is someone who holds an office (meaning an official position) in an organisation or government. This doesn't have to mean an office room—it can also just mean an important rank. An official in government is called a government official or public official . Officials may be appointed or elected to their position.

The term "officer" is close to having the same meaning as "official" (but has more military connotations). A "functionary" is someone who carries out a particular role within an organisation—this is quite a close synonym for an official but with connotations closer to a "bureaucrat". A "civil servant" can also have a similar meaning to an official.


Function

Function may mean:

Heteroptera

The Heteroptera is a group of about 40,000 species of insects in the Hemiptera. They are typical bugs. 

"Heteroptera" is Greek for "different wings": most species have front wings with both membranous and hardened portions (called hemelytra.

The name "Heteroptera" is used in two different ways in modern classifications. In Linnean nomenclature it is a suborder of the order Hemiptera. In cladistics it is an unranked clade in the Hemiptera clade. 


A: head; B: thorax; C: abdomen.
1: claws; 2: tarsus; 3: tibia; 4: femur; 8: compound eye; 9: antenna; 10: clypeus; 23: laterotergites; 25: pronotum; 26: scutellum; 27: clavus; 28: corium; 29: embolium; 30: membrane.

"Waterbug" is a common name for various aquatic insects.


Snuff

Snuff is a kind of tobacco which is sniffed instead of smoked. People take a bit of snuff between their fingers and put it in their nostrils to smell it. Not many people use snuff now, but a century or more ago it was very common. In the novels of 19th century authors like Charles Dickens we often read about people taking snuff. They kept it in a "snuffbox".


The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind

The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, or just Morrowind, is a video game released in 2002. In it, players take on the role of a character which they create, and use it to wander around in a big and diverse world. There is a storyline, but players do not have to follow it, instead doing the side-quests that are included with the game. Morrowind was released on the PC and the Xbox.You can also get game of the year edition and get Morrowind, Bloodmoon, and Tribunal expansion packs. You can go to the official website for help and guides.

The Nose (opera)

The Nose is an opera by Dmitri Shostakovich. It was written in 1927. At this time a lot of exciting new movies were being made in the Soviet Union. There were also some very interesting new plays in the theatres. The famous theatre director Vsevolod Meyerhold had many new ideas. However, operas that were being written then were mostly quite uninteresting.

Shostakovich, who was only just twenty years old, started to make Soviet operas interesting again. He took the story called "The Nose" which was written by Nikolai Gogol. It is about a man who wakes up one day to find his nose has gone.

The opera was first performed in 1930. Unfortunately by then the music critics had changed their ideas because of the political situation in the Soviet Union which was being ruled by the dictator Stalin. They wrote bad things about the opera and the performances soon had to stop. It was not until 1974 that it was performed again in the Soviet Union.

The opera is a satire. It pokes fun at bureaucrats: people in official jobs who think they are more important than they really are.

In the opera the barber Ivan Yakovlevich is seen shaving the Major. In the morning Ivan wakes up and his wife gives him some fresh bread and onion. When he cuts the bread open he finds a nose inside. His wife screams and yells at her husband. She chases him out of the house. He runs along the street with the nose, feeling very embarrassed. He throws the nose in the river, but a policeman catches him. He tries unsuccessfully to bribe him.

In the next scene the Major wakes up and finds he has no nose. He goes to tell the police. He goes to the cathedral and sees his nose who is dressed up as an important person (the nose is now a person, sung by a singer). The Major is not sure what to say to his nose because his nose is now more important than he is. He can’t speak properly and the nose does not understand him. The nose speaks very confidently, like a person of high rank. The Major cannot find the Chief of Police so he goes to the newspaper office. The people there laugh at him and say that they cannot put a notice in the newspaper about a lost nose because it would make their newspaper look silly. He is told to see a doctor. When the Major takes his handkerchief away from his face to show that he really has lost his nose the newspaper staff become interested because they think they have a good story for the newspaper. They offer him some snuff. Of course, he cannot sniff it, and gets very cross.

The police, who are looking for the lost nose, are watching people who are getting into a coach. They think the nose might be trying to leave the city. As the coach leaves the nose runs in, tries to stop the coach, frightens thehorses, the driver tries to shoot the nose, and everyone starts to fight the nose, beating and hitting it until it is back to its normal size. The policeman wraps it in a piece of paper. He returns it to the Major and asks for payment. The Major tries to stick his nose back on his face but he can’t. Even the doctor can’t do it. The nose escapes into the crowd. The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina, who tried to make him marry her daughter, has used witchcraft on him. He writes to her asking her to stop the spell but she writes back thinking that he wants to marry her daughter. Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose.

In the last part of the opera the Major has got his nose back where it belongs. He is shaved by the barber and then walks along the street proudly showing everyone his nose.

The music is just right for telling a story which is a satire. The policeman, for example, sings in a high, squeaky voice. The music at the beginning sounds rather like circus music. At the end of the scene when he is unable to bribe the police officer there is music just for percussion instruments. This bit is very famous and often played as a separate piece. One of the barber’s songs is accompanied by four balalaikas. Madame Podtochina’s daughter sings like a romantic opera singer. The waltz which is sung as the people get on the coach is a parody waltz.

Video game developer

A video game developer is a person or company who makes games on computers and other game systems. Some developers make games for only one or two types of game systems, others might even make one kind of game. Some games are only for one system. Developers might try and make a copy of such a game to another, different system. Some translate games from one language to another.

Video game developers work in development companies. There are over 1,000 development companies today. A big part of that thousand is very small companies, that usually only have one or two workers - these kind of small companies make games for the Internet or mobile phones. Some development companies are big, too. They have buildings in many places and hundreds of workers.

There are three types of video game developers.

Third-party developers are video game developers that make deals with big publishers to make one game at a time. The developers are not part of the company: when the game is complete, the developers do not have to make another game for the publisher if they do not want to. Publishers will tell them exactly what they want third-party developers to do, and the developers do not have very much power to do something else.

In-house developers work directly with the publisher. They have more freedom in the making of the game than third-party developers have. Sometimes publishers buy third-party developers, and so they become in-house developers: workers for the publisher. This is an easy way for the publisher because the developers are workers for the publisher and so the publisher has more control.

Independent developers are usually small groups of people that are not owned by any publisher or another company. Because of that, most independent developers publish their games themselves. If they do that, the games usually will not get much attention or money. Still, independent developers can make exactly the game they want, when there is no publisher to tell them what to do. These are also sometimes called indie developers.

Video game publisher

A video game publisher is a company that publish games that they have made or that they have bought to be made by a video game developer. The publisher pays for the development of the game. Because of that, they can tell the developers exactly what kind of game they want. The publisher is responsible for the making and marketing of the game. Big publishers also distribute the games that they publish. Smaller ones pay for other companies to distribute the game for them. Publishers also usually design and make the copies of the games and write the manual.

Cork (city)

Cork is a city in County Cork in Ireland. It is the country's second largest city, only Dublin is larger. It is the third largest city on the island of Ireland, as Belfast is also larger. People from Cork are called Corkonians. It was founded by Saint Finbarr in the sixth century. 274,000 people live in Cork city and the surrounding urban areas. The River Lee runs through Cork city.

Famous things in Cork City include Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral, Shandon cathedral, Blackrock castle, Fota wildlife park, Fota house and gardens, and University College Cork. Many famous sports people come from Cork including Roy Keane, Dennis Irwin and Christy Ring. Olympic medal winner Sonia O'Sullivan comes from the town of Cobh just outside Cork city in County Cork.


 Capital of Culture in 2005.


County Cork

County Cork is the largest county in Ireland in terms of size. Almost half a million people live there. The leader of the Irish War of Independence, Michael Collins, was born in the town of Clonakilty in County Cork. He was killed in Béal na mBláth in west Cork. West Cork is known for its beautiful scenery.

The main towns in County Cork are Cork City, Youghal, Mallow, Bandon, Clonakilty, Kinsale, Blarney and Cobh. It is nicknamed "The Rebel County".

Parts of the Gaeltacht are in the county.


Genie

Genies or jinns or djinns are supposed to be creatures resembling humans, but are invisible. Like humans, they would live in tribes, eat, drink and have emotions. But they are usually believed to be stronger than humans. While some people fear Jinn, others pray to them for protection. They are originally found in ancient myths and legends of the Middle East, especially Arabia. In Islam, it is forbidden to pray to them, and Islam thinks they have no true power, because they are, like humans, only created beings.

Nowadays, people in many Muslim countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Palestine, Egypt, Iraq, Syria,United Arab Emirates, Libya, Algeria, Tunisia, Turkey, Iran, parts of Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan believe in these Jinns or Djinns. Jinn are also common in legends and stories from the Middle East, for example in the One Thousand and One Nights.

Before Islam, Jinn have been feared or venerated by people. Some prayed to them, so they would protect the caravans. Others feared, the Jinn might cause sickness and storms. Especially when Jinn battle each other, storms would be caused. Jinn could become visible and invisible and turn into snakes. But despite their agile nature, they were similar to humans and a human could even be able to kill a Jinni in fight.

The holy book of Muslims, the Quran, mentions Jinns, and says that they are made from fire or smoke. Like human beings, the jinn can be good or bad. The Quran did not introduce the Jinn, rather, the Quran accepts their existence, and tells how to deal with them. For example, the Quran rejects that Jinn are divine. The Jinn could not truly help humans, because they too will die. Like humans, they are only creatures made by God, and not gods themselves.

Many Muslims believe that Jinn have lived on earth long before humans. Some even think that humans were made to replace them. The Jinn would have been the first who lived on earth, but God was unsatisfied with them, so God decided to create a new creature (humans). Before creating humans, God would have sent an army of angels to kill most Jinn. Some Jinn survived, and sometimes people might meet them. Jinn, however, can turn invisible and suddenly disappear or shift their shape for a while, so they are not recognized as Jinn.

Jinn are often summoned in magical rituals. Because of their subtle nature, they are often believed to know secrets beyond human's perception or that they can be ordered to harm other people. Some people prefer to summon Jinn over satans, because Jinn are not necessarily evil. Still, Jinn aren't good either. Jinn, like humans, demand something in return for a favor.

Western world mainly knows Jinn as wish-granting spirits with magical powers. However, this is not what Jinn are in the Middle East or Central Asia. This god magical depiction seems to go back to a mistranslation of any invisible creature in the Middle East to "Jinn". Thus, in Western movies, Jinn are magical creatures from a bottle, while in Middle Eastern movies, Jinn are usually creepy entities, comparable to demons.

Western Movies:
Middle Eastern Movies:


Cork

Cork could mean:







Elasticity

Elasticity could mean:


Kendo

Kendo means the "way of the sword". The rules and gear of kendo were first created in the 18th century, and its modern rules and styles date to the 19th century.

An opponent may be struck in seven places: either side or the top of the helmet ("men"), on either hand (gloves, "kote") or either side of the body breastplate ("do"). There is also one legal thrust ("tsuki") on throat.

The "men" can only be struck from the front, not from back. Only one of the two hands can be struck, depending on which kind of posture ("kamae") the opponent is using.

As incorrectly performing the "tsuki" thrust can be dangerous, low level practitioners are forbidden from performing it both in matches and daily training.

In a match, the attacker must name the location of each strike. Often, they are declared in Japanese ("men", "kote", "do", "tsuki"), but some people will name it in Korean or Chinese or another language, or even with a meaningless shout. All of these kinds of shouts are called "kiai". An effective attack must have "kiai" along with other essential factors.

The weapon used in kendo is a bamboo sword, called "shinai". The kendo armour, which the players must wear, is called "bogu" and is made of a helmet ("men"), breastplate ("do"), waist protector ("tare"), and special gloves ("kote").

Lesson is called "keiko" in kendo. keiko means that We think about past. kendo's keiko is distinguished between "shinai keiko" and "kata keiko". the building which we do kendo is called "dojyo". In particular "keiko" done in summer is "shochugeiko" and one done in winter is "kangeiko".

shinaikeiko
keiko which use "shinai" and "bogu"


Paleontology

Palaeontology or paleontology is the study of fossils of living things, and their phylogeny (evolutionary relationships). It depends on basic sciences such as zoology, botany and historical geology. The term palaeobiology implies that the study will include the palaeoecology of the groups in question.

In "palaeozoology", the evolution of those animal phyla with fossil records are studied. In "palaeobotany", fossil plants are studied. In historical geology the formation, sequence and dating of rock strata give information about past environments.

A fossil is any kind of life that is more than ten thousand years old and preserved in any form that we can study today. The fossil record is always incomplete, and later discoveries may extend the known survival of a group. See Lazarus taxon.

Some palaeontologists study fossils of microorganisms, living things that are too small to see without a microscope, while other palaeontologists study fossils of giant dinosaurs.



Cotswolds

The Cotswolds is a range of hills in central-southwest England, sometimes called the "Heart of England", a hilly area reaching over 300 m. The area has been designated as Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The highest point in the Cotswolds is Cleeve Hill at 330 m (1083 ft).

The Cotswolds lie within the current ceremonial counties of Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Somerset, Warwickshire, and Worcestershire. The county of Gloucestershire forms the largest area of the Cotswolds.

The spine of the Cotswolds runs southwest to northeast through six counties, particularly Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire, and southern Warwickshire. The northern and western edges of the Cotswolds are marked by steep slopes down to the Severn valley and the River Avon, Avon. These are a result of the broken edge of the limestone layer. On the eastern boundary is the city of Oxford and on the west is Stroud. To the south towns as Cirencester, Lechlade, Tetbury, Beverston and Fairford mark the southern limit of this region. 

In the Middle Ages, the wool trade made the Cotswolds prosperous. Some of this money was put into the building of churches. The area has a number of large, handsome Cotswold stone "wool churches". The area is still wealthy and has attracted people who own second homes in the area, or have chosen to retire to the Cotswolds.

Typical Cotswold towns are Bourton-on-the-Water, Broadway, Burford, Chipping Norton, Cirencester, Moreton-in-Marsh, Stow-on-the-Wold and Winchcombe. The town of Chipping Campden is famous as the home of the Arts and Crafts movement, that was founded by William Morris at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries.

The Cotswold Way is a long-distance footpath about 103 miles long (166 km) running the length of the AONB, mainly on the edge of the Cotswold escarpement with good views over the Severn Valley and the Vale of Evesham.

The area has attractive small towns and villages built of "Cotswold stone" (a yellow limestone). This limestone is rich in fossils. The stone is a yellow oolitic Jurassic limestone. At the time, this was laid down in a warm tropical sea, about 177 million years ago. The latitude of Britain was about where North Africa is today. The stone is full of fossils such as stalked crinoids. A project is under way to collect examples for the Natural History Museum.



Piauí

Piauí is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern part of the country. The capital of Piauí is Teresina.

Piauí shares borders with the states of Maranhão (west), Ceará (east), Pernambuco (east) and Bahia (east and south). It borders the Atlantic Ocean to the north.

Piauí has the shortest coastline of any of the Brazilian states that borders the Atlantic Ocean. Its coastline is only 66 km long. The capital, Teresina, is the only state capital in the northeast that is not on the coast. The reason for this is because, unlike the rest of the area, Piauí state was first colonised away from the coast and slowly expanded towards the ocean. The other states in the area started on the coast and grew inland.

The flag of Piaui was created on 24 July 1922. The blue canton and a star is for the state itself. The green and yellow stripes are for Brazil.

Cities in Piaui include:


Rio Grande do Norte

Rio Grande do Norte is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern part of the country. It is on the edge of the South American continent.

Rio Grande do Norte has a large coastline. The state is well known for its beaches and sand dunes. The air is the cleanest in South America. 

Because of a large mountain chain called Serra da Borborema, Rio Grande do Norte has two main climates. The area along most of the coastline is very tropical. Inland, much of the state is very dry.

The dry climate is not only because by the low amount of rainfall but also because of the fact that it rarely rains at all. Often years go by with no or very little rain. Most of the interior of the state is part of the "Polygon of Droughts". This is an area which gets special attention from the federal government.

Rocas Atoll belongs to the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It is in the Atlantic Ocean, 260 km Northeast of Natal.

The first European to come to the region may have been the Spaniard Alonso de Ojeda in 1499. The northeastern tip of South America, cape São Roque, was first seen by European navigators in 1501. This was during a 1501-1502 Portuguese expedition led by Amerigo Vespucci. He named the spot after the saint of the day. The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi river, "Rio Grande". The name is Portuguese for "Great River". The area and state were named after the river. For decades, no permanent European settlement was made in the area.

Between 1535 and 1598, the area was explored by French pirates. In 1598, the Portuguese built the "Forte dos Reis Magos". The next year, they created the city of Natal. 

In 1633, the area was fought over between the Portuguese and the Dutch. In 1654, the Dutch were finally cast out.

During World War II, Rio Grande do Norte was used as an Allied airbase. The base was used to German-occupied North Africa.

In 1964, Latin America's first space launch site was built in Rio Grande do Norte; "Barreira do Inferno" (Hell's Barrier). It is often called the "Brazilian NASA".

Historically, the economy of Rio Grande do Norte has been based on sugar and cattle. In the 1980s, the state government realised that tourism was a very good industry. Since then, more money has been used to build places for tourists and repair colonial buildings in major cities.

Fruit is also grown in Rio Grande do Norte. The state grows 70% of Brazil's melons. The state is famous for its mango and cashew fields. The world's largest cashew tree is there. It has a circumference of and an area of . It is 70 times the size of average cashew trees.

Natal is the capital and largest city in the state. Other cities include:

The flag was adopted on December 3, 1957. It is based on a design by Luis de Camara Cascudo. In the middle of the flag is the coat of arms of the state. The coat of arms was adopted on July 1, 1909. It shows a sailboat at the coast in the middle. This is for the fishing and salt industries. Above this is a bar which shows two flowers on the sides and two cotton bolls in the center. To the sides of the shield are a coconut palm to the right and a carnauba palm to the left. The two palms are connected by two branches of sugarcane. The star above represents the state as part of Brazil.


Brazilian Federal District

The Federal District ( ) is a part of Brazil, which is used to shelter Brasília, the federal capital. It is in the centre of the country.

The capital of Brazil was transferred from Rio de Janeiro to Brasília on 21 April 1960 and its new territory, split off from state of Goiás on the border with the state of Minas Gerais, became the current Federal District. After the transfer the old Federal District, containing the city of Rio de Janeiro, became the state of Guanabara. This state existed from 1960 until 1975, when it merged with the state of Rio de Janeiro. With the merger the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro was transferred back from Niterói to Rio de Janeiro itself (as it had been until 1834 when the empire created the Neutral Municipality).

Originally, most of the people were local workers (called "Candangos"), who built the capital, and federal government workers who were sent to the new capital, Brasília. The capital is a planned city. It had areas built for homes, business, schools and other uses. Originally built for up to one million people, the city now has many more than one million people. Because of how the city was built, it has been hard for the city to grow. This has caused many people to live in cities around Brasília. A large percentage of the people of the Federal District live outside the city now.

The white color is for peace. The green and yellow colors in the middle refer to the national colors of Brazil. The four yellow arrows are for the native people of Brazil. The arrows pointing into the four cardinal directions of the compass stands for the power moving out from the center. The yellow arrows also form a cross. This is a symbol of the Southern Cross carried by the explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral.

The flag was created by the poet Guilherme de Almeida, and was adopted by decree no. 1090 on August 25, 1969.


Hiromu Shinozuka

Hiromu Shinozuka (, born 27 March 1979 in Fukuoka) is a Japanese manga artist. She writes in "Ciao". She came out with "Takkyu shoujo" in 1999.



Zvečan

Zvečan is a town in north Kosovo, Serbia, near Kosovska Mitrovica. , about 16,600 people lived there. The town was first mentioned at the time of border disputes between Serbia and the Byzantine Empire between 1091 and 1094.

Rosario

Rosario is a city in the center-east of Argentina, about northwest from Buenos Aires. It is the main city of Santa Fe Province. As of 2008 Rosario metropolitan area has a population of around 1,300,000 inhabitants, making it Argentina's third-largest city (after Buenos Aires and Córdoba). The city is on the Paraná River.

It is called Rosario because of the Virgin of the Rosary, whose image remains at the cathedral, in the same place as the original chapel.


Gymnastics

Gymnastics is a sport which involves doing exercises which need strength, flexibility, balance and control. This may include running, jumping, tumbling, somersaulting, flipping and balancing. Mental skills are also involved such as confidence, diet control and focus. 

In women's gymnastics, there are four activities: floor, uneven bars, balance beam, and vault. In men's gymnastics, there are six activities: floor exercise, parallel bars, high bar, pommel horse, vault, and rings.

Gymnastics is a Summer Olympic sport.

Gymnastics began as a form of exercise in ancient Greece. It was one of the first sports in the Olympics.

There are several forms of gymnastics, including rhythmic gymnastics, artistic gymnastics, acrobatics, trampolining, and wheel gymnastics and no handed gymnastics. In "artistic gymnastics", gymnasts perform short routines using different pieces of equipment. "Acrobatics" involves showing balance and performing flips on the floor or in the air. In "trampolining", gymnasts do routines using only the trampoline. "Wheel gymnasts" exercise in a large wheel called a German wheel. 

In "rhythmic gymnastics", gymnasts perform with ribbons, rope, ball, hoop and clubs. Usually, only females do rhythmic gymnastics because they are more flexible than males.


Federation Internationale de Gymnastique

Atahualpa

Atahuallpa or Atawallpa (c. 1502 – 1533) was the 13th and last sovereign emperor of the Tahuantinsuyo, or Inca empire. He became emperor after defeating his younger half-brother Huáscar in a civil war that followed the death of their father, Inca Huayna Capac, from an infectious disease (maybe malaria or smallpox). During the civil war, the Spaniard Francisco Pizarro arrived and captured Atahuallpa, and used him to control the Inca empire. Eventually, the Spanish executed Atahuallpa. So ended the Inca Empire (although several weak puppet successors followed him.)

On the death of their father, the Emperor Huayna Capac, and their older brother, Ninan Cuyochi, who had been the heir, the empire was divided between the two surviving brothers, Huáscar and Atahualpa. Huascar got the major part of it with the capital Cusco, and Atahualpa the northern parts, including Quito (now the capital of Ecuador). For a couple of years, the two brothers reigned without problems. But Huascar demanded that Atahuallpa swear an oath to him. Atahuallpa refused, and the civil war began.
The final battle took place at Quipaipan, where Huascar was captured. Atahuallpa was resting in the city of Cajamarca in the Andes with his army of 80,000 troops on his way to the south and Cusco to claim his throne.

By this time the Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro had established the city of Piura, the first Spanish settlement in Peru on July 1532. After two months on the march, Pizarro had arrived at Cajamarca with just 168 men under his command and sent Hernando de Soto, friar Vicente de Valverde and native interpreter Felipillo to speak with Atahuallpa about the Spanish presence.

The Spanish envoys returned to Pizarro, who prepared a surprise attack against Atahuallpa's army in what became the Battle of Cajamarca on November 16, 1532.

According to Spanish law the Spanish officially declared war on the Inca people. When Atahuallpa coldly asked the priest Valverde by what authority he and his people could say such things, Valverde offered him a Bible, saying that the authority came from the words in it. He examined it and then asked why did it not speak to him. He then threw it to the ground. That gave the Spaniards the excuse they needed to wage war on the Incas. They opened fire, and over the course of 2 hours more than two thousand Inca soldiers were killed. The Spanish then imprisoned Atahuallpa in the Temple of the Sun.

Atahuallpa still could not believe the Spanish intended to take control of his kingdom. He thought that if he gave them the gold and silver they sought they would leave. In exchange for his release, he agreed to fill a large room with gold and promised the Spanish twice that amount in silver. Although he was stunned by the offer, Pizarro had no intention of releasing the Inca because he needed the ruler's influence over the native people to maintain order in the surrounding country.

But then Pizarro decided to have him executed because he feared he could be freed by an Inca General. Pizarro staged a mock trial and found Atahuallpa guilty of revolting against the Spanish and murdering Huáscar, his own brother. Atahuallpa was sentenced to execution by burning. He was horrified, since the Inca believed that the soul would not be able to go on to the afterlife if the body were burned. Friar Vicente de Valverde, who had earlier offered the Bible to Atahuallpa, intervened again, telling Atahuallpa that if he agreed to convert to Christianity he would convince the rest to commute the sentence. Atahualpa agreed to be baptized into the Christian faith. He was given the name Juan Santos Atahualpa and then was strangled with a garrote instead of being burned. Atahuallpa died on August 29, 1533.
Atahuallpa was succeeded by his brother, the puppet Inca Tupac Huallpa, and later by another brother Manco Inca Yupanqui.



Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg

Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg (The Mastersingers of Nuremberg) is an opera by Richard Wagner. It is the only comic opera that Wagner wrote. Wagner wrote the words (the libretto) in 1862 and composed the music in 1867. It was first performed in Munich in 1868.

The story is set in the town of Nuremberg (German: Nürnberg) in 16th century Germany. It is about a group of Mastersingers. The Mastersingers (German: Meistersinger) were a guild of singers in Germany many centuries ago. The most famous of them was a man called Hans Sachs, who lived in the 16th century. Although Hans Sachs was a real person, the story of the opera was made up by Wagner. It is a story about a song contest.

The prelude (orchestral introduction) to the opera is very famous and is often played by itself at concerts. It has several tunes which are sometimes cleverly played at the same time (counterpoint). These tunes are used during the opera and are associated with particular people or ideas (such tunes are called leitmotifs).

The young knight Walther is in church and sees a beautiful young girl, Eva. He wants to know whether she is married. She tells him that she will be married to the person who wins the singing contest the next day. Walther tries to learn the art of the Mastersingers from David, who works for Hans Sachs, the cobbler. David himself is in love with Magdalene. The apprentices start to prepare the stage for the contest.

If Walther is to win the contest he will have to compose his own mastersong and sing it. He will have to compose it according to a lot of strict rules (the number of lines, the rhyming patterns etc.). When he meets the other Mastersingers he introduces himself, saying that he learned the art of singing from the ancient poet Walther von der Vogelweide and from nature itself. He sings this in a song which is very beautiful, but it does not obey the rules of the Mastersingers. The Mastersingers are not able to understand the beauty of his song.

One of the Mastersingers is the town clerk. His name is Beckmesser. He is a comic figure and Wagner makes him look very silly. Beckmesser is the “marker”. This means something like: an “adjudicator”. When a singer makes a “mistake” (disobeys the rules) the marker puts a chalkmark on the board. When Walther sings his song Beckmesser makes lots of chalkmarks. Hans Sachs is the only person who realizes the beauty of his song. There is a lot of shouting and Walther has to stand on a chair to finish his song.

A street in Nuremberg at night. Eva’s grand house is opposite Hans Sachs’ simple house. Eva’s father realizes she is in love with Walther. Hans is thinking about the young knight and how well he sings. Eva asks Hans who he thinks will be likely to win the song contest. Then she is called back by her father. Beckmesser has come and would like to serenade her (sing her a love song). Walther meets up with Eva and they wonder whether they should elope (run away together). Eva changes clothes with her maid. Hans Sachs stops them as they are about to elope. Beckmesser is tuning his lute ready to sing. Walther would like to argue with him but Eva gets him to sit quietly while Beckmesser sings. Hans Sachs, who is mending Beckmesser’s shoe, has other ideas: he sings a song himself, and this annoys Beckmesser who is trying to sing to the girl he thinks is Eva (but it is Eva’s maid in disguise). He tells Hans to stop singing. Hans says that he will stop, but he will hammer on his shoe every time he hears Beckmesser make a mistake. Beckmesser starts singing again, and Hans hammers lots of times. All the neighbours wake up and come into the street and argue and fight. In the end the night watchman comes and everybody goes back into their houses.

David is preparing a song for the midsummer festival. Then Walther arrives and tells Hans that a song came to him in a dream. Hans helps him to prepare the song for the contest. When they have left the workshop Beckmesser comes in and sees the piece of paper with the song. He picks it up when Hans returns and says that it is obvious that he, Hans, wants to enter the contest. Hans tells Beckmesser that he can have the song. Beckmesser is delighted and thinks he can now win Eva in marriage.

At the song contest Beckmesser tries to sing the song, but he sings it to his own tune which does not fit the words, and he gets the words all muddled up. Everyone laughs and he leaves the stage angrily, saying that Sachs wrote the song. Walther now sings his prize song. This time people realize how beautiful it is although it does not obey the usual rules. Walther can marry Eva.

Wagner’s operas have continuous music which develops is very logical ways using leitmotifs. In the prelude we hear several tunes which are leitmotifs that are to be important during the opera: a theme that represents the dignity of the mastersingers, a theme for passion which later becomes Walther’s prize song, the chattering of the apprentices etc. The music at the beginning of Act Three is also often played separately in the concert hall.

There are many beautiful moments in the opera. Wagner cleverly changes the style to suit the action, for example when Eva’s father is talking about the Mastersingers’ reputation in Germany we hear an old-fashioned recitative. Beckmesser is made to look stupid through his music which contrasts with Walther’s romantic music.

People have explained the meanings behind this opera in several ways. The basic story is
about the wonderful German art of singing. It is also about the fact that composers should be able to write music which is beautiful without having to obey rules that were made up long ago and have become old-fashioned. Wagner was trying to bring lots of changes to opera, making the drama the most important thing. Some people found his new ideas quite difficult to follow, and this may be why he chose, for once, to write a comic opera instead of a serious one based on mythology. The character of Beckmesser is a caricature of Eduard Hanslick, a famous music critic who did not like the music of Wagner and Bruckner but preferred the more traditional music of Brahms and Antonín Dvořák.

The opera has been criticized because Wagner may have meant the story to have an anti-Semitic (anti-Jewish) meaning. This is certainly the way that Hitler understood it. It was his favourite opera, and the idea of praising German art and song fitted in nicely with his racist views. The character of Beckmesser is also a caricature of a stereotype Jew.

Takbir

Takbir is the name for the Arabic phrase Allahu Akbar which is a Muslim saying. The exact words in Arabic mean "God is greater", but people know that saying "God is great" in the right time and place means the same as ""God is Greater"." ""Allahu Akbar"" is the first part of the Adhan, which people hear 5 times a day where Muslim people live together. Saying "God is Great" tells people in a few words what Islam believes and teaches. 

This Arabic phrase was added to the Iraqi flag, which is claimed to be Saddam Hussein's handwriting, in 2001. Muslims say it before changing positions during their prayers. Allahu Akbar was the anthem of Libya during the rule of Muammar Gaddafi.

Shire

A shire is an old term for a county in England. It is a kind of local government.

The first shires were created by the Anglo-Saxons in central and southern England. Shires were controlled by a royal official known as a "shire reeve" or sheriff. In modern English usage shires are sub-divided into districts.

Individually, or as a suffix in Scotland, the word is pronounced (to rhyme with "fire"). As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name it is pronounced (rhymes with "fir").

In England and Wales, the term "shire county" is used to refer to counties which are not metropolitan counties.

It can also be used in a narrower sense, referring only to traditional counties ending in "shire". These counties are typically (though not always) named after their county town.

Bedfordshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, Gloucestershire, Hampshire, Herefordshire, Hertfordshire, Huntingdonshire, Lancashire, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire, Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire, Wiltshire, Worcestershire, Yorkshire.

Of these, all but Huntingdonshire and Yorkshire are also administrative counties (but with different boundaries). Huntingdonshire is now administered as a district of Cambridgeshire, and Yorkshire is split between East, North, South and West Yorkshire.

Brecknockshire, Caernafonshire, Cardiganshire, Carmarthenshire, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Monmouthshire, Montgomeryshire, Pembrokeshire, Radnorshire

In Wales, the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the "shire" suffix. The only traditional Welsh county that never takes "shire" is Anglesey.

Aberdeenshire (traditional), Ayrshire, Banffshire, Berwickshire, Clackmannanshire, Cromartyshire, Dumfriesshire, Dunbartonshire, Fife, Inverness-shire, Kincardineshire, Kinross-shire, Kirkcudbrightshire, Lanarkshire, Morayshire, Nairnshire, Peeblesshire, Perthshire, Renfrewshire, Ross-shire, now called Ross and Cromarty, Roxburghshire, Selkirkshire, Stirlingshire, Wigtownshire

Shire is the most common word in Australia for the smallest local government areas by population. The states of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia use shire for this unit. South Australia and Tasmania use district. A shire has the same powers as the next largest units, the town and city. In NSW, the expression 'The Shire' commonly refers to the Sutherland shire.


Fairy Tail

Fairy Tail is a shonen manga published in the "Weekly Shônen Magazine" from August 2, 2006 to July 26, 2017. It was created by Hiro Mashima. It has 545 chapters and 63 tankōbon volumes. The series is also aired. Some video games are released by Konami. In August 2012 The Phoenix Priestess, a Fairy Tail movie, was released, and in May 2012 a sequel Dragon Cry, a Fairy Tail sequel movie, was released.

The story of Fairy Tail focuses around the adventures of main characters Natsu and Lucy, who are sometimes with the members of the Fairy Tail Guild.

In the beginning, Lucy is a young sorceress (a "mage"), who wants to join Fairy Tail Guild. On her trip, she meets Natsu, a young boy, who is looking for Igneel the Salamander. She offers Natsu and Happy (his partner) a lunch and Natsu explains that Igneel is a dragon. Lucy talks about her dream to join a famous guild, which she later told him was the Fairy Tail Guild. Later, she is tricked and taken by Bora of Prominence to be sold as a slave. She is rescued by Natsu, who is the real Salamander, and a true member of Fairy Tail Guild. He offers her to be a member of Fairy Tail. Lucy says yes and joins the guild. Since then, Natsu and Lucy formed a team. This is the beginning of the adventures that the two have while carrying out missions from the guild.

According to Oricon, "Fairy Tail" was the eighth best-selling manga series in Japan for 2009. It became the fourth best in 2010 and 2011 and the fifth best of 2012. It also won the 2009 Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen manga.

In 2012, the anime series won the "Meilleur Anime Japonais" (best Japanese anime) award and the best French dubbing award at the 19th Anime & Manga Grand Prix in Paris, France.


Viol

The viol (rhymes with "mile") is a string instrument that is played with a bow. The viol was a popular instrument from the 15th to the 18th century. Small viols are held on the lap, and the larger ones are held between the knees, which gave them the name of "viol da gamba", meaning a leg viol. The bow is held with the palm of the hand facing upwards: the other way round from today's bowhold for violins, violas or cellos. The viol is a gentle-sounding instrument. When the violin family became popular in the 17th century and people started to go to concerts in large concert halls, and to operas, the viols became less important. 

Viols are made of wood, and are similar to the violin family. Most viols have six strings, although this number did vary during the centuries. The strings were made of gut, and are not as tight as on a violin. The fingerboard has frets like a guitar, except that they were also made of gut. They were tied around the fingerboard, and could be moved for tuning. These frets help the player to find the exact place to put their fingers. Sometimes the top of the scrolls on the fingerboard were beautifully decorated. The instruments have sloped shoulders and a flat back. The viol, like the vihuela, from which it developed, has a bridge that is flatter than the bridge of a modern violin. This makes it easier to play chords. The bow was convex in shape, where a violin bow is concave.

Viols were made in different sizes. A set of viols of different sizes - perhaps four or five instruments - were sometimes kept together in a chest (large box) which is why they were called a "chest of viols". When they were played together people talked of a "consort of viols". A consort would normally have at least one treble, tenor and bass instrument. A "broken consort" meant a mixture of different instruments: viols, recorders etc. Lute and bass viol were often played together. They were tuned in fourths, with a major third in the middle.

The strings of a bass viol (equivalent to the cello in the modern violin family) are tuned (from the lowest note, nearly two octaves below middle C, upwards) to D - G - C - E - A -D. The tenor viol was often called a viola da gamba (literally: "viol of the leg"). It was the most popular size for solo music and many composers wrote sonatas for the viola da gamba. The biggest viol is called the violone. It developed into the modern double bass. This is why the double bass is a little different in shape from the violin, viola and cello. Some double bass players today hold the bow with the palm (inside) of the hand facing upwards, like viol players.

 
The viol was popular in the houses of rich people, and in the royal court. During the reign of Elizabeth I and, later, King Charles I composers such as William Byrd, John Dowland, Orlando Gibbons, John Jenkins and William Lawes wrote viol music. Solo sonatas were written by many composers including Marin Marais, Johann Sebastian Bach, and Karl Friedrich Abel. Some of the last and greatest fantasies for viol consort were written by Henry Purcell.

After the mid-18th century people forgot about the viol until the 20th century when there was a new interest in early music and people like Arnold Dolmetsch started making them again so that Renaissance and Baroque viol music could be played. Today there are many societies for people who are interested in playing the viol.

There are now many societies for people with an interest in the viol. One of these, The Viola da Gamba Society has a worldwide membership. Some modern composers have also written for the viol e.g. John Tavener, Sally Beamish, Thea Musgrave, Tan Dun and Poul Ruders. There is a group called Fretwork which perform viol music.


Regnitz

The Regnitz is a river in Bavaria, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Main and is 58 km in length.

The river is formed by the confluence of the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz, which meet in the city of Fürth. From there the Regnitz runs northwards through the cities of Erlangen and Forchheim. It finally meets the Main in the city of Bamberg.

Geir Ivarsøy

Geir Ivarsøy (June 27, 1957 – March 9, 2006) was the main programmer at Opera Software. He and Jon Stephenson von Tetzchner were part of a research group at the Norwegian state telephone company (now known as Telenor). They made browsing software called "MultiTorg Opera". Telenor stopped them from working on the program, but in 1995 Ivarsøy and Stephenson von Tetzchner got the rights to the software. They created a company of their own, and continued working on it.

Now known as Opera, the Internet browser has become very popular. Opera Software has grown to more than 380 employees since it first moved to its offices in Oslo.

In January 2004, Geir Ivarsøy said he wanted to resign as a board member in Opera Software, though he kept working in the company after that. In June 2005 he was elected as a member of the nomination committee of the company.

Geir died in March 2006 of cancer.


Color wheel

A color wheel is a circular chart that shows primary and secondary colors. 

The color wheel most commonly used today is called the "HSV color wheel" which means "hue, saturation, value". The digital form of the HSV color wheel is called the RGB color wheel (shown below). The HSV/RGB color wheel is described below. There are two versions: one in which red, green and blue are regarded as the primary colors (called the "electronic" or "computer" color wheel); and one in which magenta, yellow, and cyan are regarded as the primary colors (called the "printer's color wheel").the primary colours are on the top.

"(* Primary means first)"
In the electronic color wheel used for electronic devices such as televisions and computers, red, green, and blue are regarded as the "primary colors" and magenta, yellow, and cyan are regarded as the "secondary colors". 

The primary colors always appear on the color wheel. There are the three primary colors of light. These are called the three "additive colors". They are red (made in pigment by mixing yellow and magenta), green (made in pigment by mixing cyan and yellow), and blue (made in pigment by mixing magenta and cyan). The three primary colors of light are the secondary colors on the "printer's color wheel". 

The primary colors of light can be mixed together to make secondary colors. A long time ago, people used to think that the primary colors were red, yellow and blue. Now we know they were wrong.

"(* Secondary means second)"
The secondary colors are on all color wheels. Secondary colors are made by mixing the primary colors of light together. The secondary colors of light are the primary colors of pigment on the printer's color wheel--the color wheel used for color printing. These three colors are called the "subtractive colors". They are magenta (a bright pink), yellow and cyan (a light greenish blue). The primary colors of light are the secondary colors on the "printer's color wheel". The three primary colors of pigment can be mixed to make red (magenta and yellow), green (yellow and cyan), and blue (cyan and magenta), but they do not appear as bright when they are made with pigment instead of light. The secondary colors can be mixed with the primary colors to make tertiary colors.

"(* Tertiary means third)" The tertiary colors are made by mixing a secondary and primary color together. The tertiary colors are orange, made by mixing red and yellow; chartreuse green ("yellow-green"), made by mixing green and yellow; spring green, made by mixing green and cyan; azure, made by mixing blue and cyan; violet, made by mixing blue and magenta; and rose, made by mixing red and magenta.

The tertiary colors are the same for both the "printer's color wheel" and the "electronic color wheel". 

The 12 major colors of the color wheel, at 30 degree intervals on the "HSV color wheel" (shown above), are the following: red (0 degrees or 360 degrees), orange (30 degrees), yellow (60 degrees), chartreuse green (90 degrees), green (120 degrees), spring green (150 degrees), cyan (180 degrees), azure (210 degrees), blue (240 degrees), violet (270 degrees), magenta (300 degrees), and rose (330 degrees). This constitutes the complete set of primary, secondary, and tertiary color names.
Note: Red is shown twice so it can be compared to both orange and rose. 
On the traditional red-yellow-blue pigment color wheel (in which red, yellow, and blue were regarded as the primary colors and orange, green, and violet were regarded as the secondary colors), the tertiary colors on a red-yellow-blue (RYB) color wheel were called red-violet, blue-violet, blue-green, yellow-green, yellow-orange, and red-orange. 

Rerun

A rerun is a repeat of the same broadcast media, when that program is played again. This is usually a television show, but can also be a radio show.

Cutaway

A cutaway in movieing is a camera shot that interrupts the program. Its subjects are related. It is going on at the same time as the main action of the program.

Cherie Blair

Cherie Blair (née Booth; born 23 September 1954) is a British barrister. She is the wife of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Tony Blair. She was born at Fairfield General Hospital in Bury, Lancashire, and grew up in Waterloo, Lancashire. She is a daughter of actor Antony Booth.

She gained a first class degree from the London School of Economics.

She qualified as a barrister in 1976, and took silk in 1995. In 1999 she became a Recorder in the County Court and Crown Court.

Blair specialises in Human Rights law. She is a Catholic.


Regions of Slovakia

Since 1949 (except 1990-1996), Slovakia has been divided into a number of "kraje" (singular "kraj", usually translated as Regions, but mean rather county). Slovakia is currently divided into 8 regions. Each kraj is then divided into many "okresy" (singular "okres", usually translated as districts). Slovakia currently has 79 districts.

Each region is named after its capital.

The following list shows: name of the region, its capital, number of districts, population (as of 2001) and area.


Districts of Slovakia

An okres (in English district) is an administrative unit of Slovakia.

Several districts form one region. On the other hand, one district is made of several municipalities, which are further divided into cadastral areas. The current districts exist since 1996, which at first had their own offices, but in 2004, they were abolished and replaced by the Circuit Offices, which are usually responsible for several districts (except for the Nové Zámky District, which has two Circuit Offices), reducing districts to a little more than statistical units.

Slovakia currently has 79 districts, with the city of Bratislava divided into 5 districts and the city of Košice divided into 4 districts. 





Žilina

Žilina (German: "Sillein", Hungarian: "Zsolna") is a city in northwestern Slovakia.

The city is located in the northwestern Slovakia, at the confluence of Váh, Kysuca and Rajčanka rivers. It is surrounded by numerous mountains ranges, for example Lesser Fatra, Strážov Mountains and many others.

People have lived here since the Neolithic age. The Slavs started to move here in the 5th century. German colonists started to live here since the 13th century. When the Hussites burned the city down, it declined it for some time. It regained its position in the 19th century, when it became an important railway junction. Today, it is the fifth largest town in Slovakia and the third most important industrial centre in Slovakia.

The centre of the city is the "Mariánske námestie", with the city hall, baroque statue of the Virgin Mary and so on. Other sights include:


Žilina is the main industrial and business centre of the Váh river. The biggest employer is the Kia Motors company, which invested here 1 billion dollars and created 3000 work positions.



Renting

Renting (also called leasing) is where someone pays money to use something for a definite amount of time. This can be anything from a car or house to a DVD. Car rental for example is usually short-term; the user returns the car in a few days. 

The document that has all the details written on it is called the "lease". The person who owns the item that will be leased or rented is called the "lessor". The person who is paying the money to use the item is called the "lessee". If it is a house, building, or land that is being leased, the person who pays the money is called the "tenant". For example, a tenant farmer rents a farm from its owner. Convict leasing was a historical practice of prisons in the United States and certain other countries offering convicted prisoners as ultra-cheap labor to private entities as a form of penal servitude.

In a closed-end lease (like a car), it is best to drive a vehicle with a residual value of at least 55%.

Prešov

Prešov (; ) is a city in eastern Slovakia. With a population of approximately 91,000 it is the third-largest city in the country.

Prešov is a city lying in the Torysa river valley, in the historical Šariš region. It is located 33 km north of Košice, connected by the motorway D1.

People have lived in the area since the Paleolithic period. Prešov is first mentioned in 1247. It became a free royal town in 1374. Salt mining started here in the 16th century, in the nearby town of Solivar (which is now part of Prešov).



Trnava

Trnava (German: "Tyrnau", Hungarian: "Nagyszombat") is a city in western Slovakia, around 50 km from the capital Bratislava. Because it has so many churches with the town walls, it is commonly called Little Rome or Slovak Rome.

The town was first mentioned in 1211. It received royal free town privileges as the first town in Slovakia in 1238. The town had its height as a cultural and religious centre, as it was seat of archbishopric from 1541 to 1820. The first horse-drawn railway in the Kingdom of Hungary was built to Trnava from Bratislava in 1846. It is again an seat of archbishopric since 1978. In 2003, French car manufacturer PSA started construction of automobile plant. It was finished in 2006



Nitra

Nitra (Hungarian: "Nyitra" / "Nyitria" [archaic]; German: "Neutra" ()) is a city in western Slovakia (and the fifth largest urban settlement in Slovakia) at the base of Zobor Mountain in the Nitra River valley.

Nitra is one of the oldest cities in Slovakia. It existed as a town since at least the early 9th century.

Nitra is a city with special history. People have lived there for at least 6000 years. It was an important center of the Celts (in the last few hundred years BC), and later the seat of the first known rulers of what is today Slovak territory, i.e. of : 

Nitra is also site of the first known Church in Central and Eastern Europe, built in 828.



Trenčín

Trenčín (German: "Trentschin"; Hungarian: "Trencsén"; Latin: "Laugaritio") is a town in western Slovakia (close to the Czech border) on the Váh river.

The site is inhabited since time immemorial. Trenčín is best known for Roman writing below the Trenčín castle. In the 13th century, the castle was home to the legendary Matthew Csák, "Lord of the river Váh and the Tatra mountains".



Banská Bystrica

Banská Bystrica (German: "Neusohl", Hungarian: "Besztercebánya", Latin: "Villa Nova"), is a large town in central Slovakia, on the Hron river.

It was first mentioned in 1255 as a royal free mining town. The town had rich ore deposits, mainly copper, and to a lesser extent silver, gold and iron. As the deposits were depleted, the town has reoriented to the industry. During the World War II, the Slovak National Uprising broke out in the town.



Social realism

Social realism is a style of art, fiction, movies and plays. It describes the daily life of workers and poor people. Social realist artists try to show people and their lives in a realistic way. This means that they often show things which are not beautiful or attractive. They may show people who are elderly, sick, sad, insane or have a disability. This does not mean that a Realist work of art or literature is ugly. It can be made beautiful by the way that the artist or writer creates it.

Social realism art does not belong to one period of history, but has been the style of some artists in different centuries and different countries. Caravaggio, who was a late Renaissance artist, painted "Realist" pictures. Several Spanish painters were "Realists": Velazquez, Esteban Murillo and Francisco de Goya. There were many realist painters in the 19th century, including Gustave Courbet in France and Luke Fildes in England. 

Social Realism was popular in Russian art and literature. In the 20th century it became the main type of literature in the Soviet Union. It was also used by David Siqueiros to depict daily struggles of the people in his country, Mexico. 


Scottish Premier League

Scottish Premier League (SPL) is the top-tier football league in Scotland.

The SPL is in a league format – each team gains points by playing another team in the league. Three points are awarded to each team for a win and one point for a draw. No points are awarded for a loss. Once all the games have been played, if two or more teams are equal on points, then the difference between goals scored and goals against is considered. The season runs from August until May each year. Each club will play each other at least three times before the table splits in half for the last part of the competition. Each club will then play five more games against clubs in their half of the table. Each team plays a total of 38 games.

Once every team has played each other three times the league splits into two halves for another five games. This means that the top six teams play each other once, and the bottom six teams play each other once. Many people do not like the SPL splitting. Many managers such as Jim Jeffries, the manager of Hearts at the time, have publicly asked for the split to be removed. The man in charge of the SPL, the Chief Executive, said that 11 of the 12 SPL teams would need to agree and, of eight teams asked, five said they wanted the split kept.

Teams cannot move between the two splits, meaning that even if a team in seventh place has more points than the team in sixth or higher they will not move above them in the league. This happens often, for example in the 2005–06 season, the seventh-placed club, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, gained more points than the fourth-placed club, Hibernian, fifth-place Kilmarnock, and sixth place Aberdeen, but they finished the league in seventh.

In the 2000–01 season, the SPL decided to stop the "winter break", forcing teams to play through January. This means that many games are stopped because of the damage to the pitch and very bad weather. Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill, former Dundee manager Jim Duffy, and former Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have asked to start the winter break again. Former Rangers manager Alex McLeish accused the SPL of taking Scottish football "back to the Dark Ages" after its decision to stop the winter break, meaning that they were going back to an old, outdated system.

A total of four clubs can qualify for European competitions. The teams who finish first in the SPL qualify for the UEFA Champions League. The second and third-placed team, and the winner of the Scottish Cup, qualify for the UEFA Europa League.

Rangers and Celtic have recently played in the final of the UEFA Cup, with neither club winning in the final match. In 2003 Celtic played FC Porto in Seville, Spain but Porto won 3– 2. More recently, in 2008 Rangers played FC Zenit St. Petersburg in Manchester, England, but lost 2– 0. More than 200,000 Rangers fans went to Manchester to watch the game on several large televisions.

Normally, the team who finishes last in the SPL is relegated to the Scottish First Division and the team who finishes first in the First Division is promoted to the SPL. However, there are some criteria that the team must meet in order to be promoted. In 2003, Falkirk finished first in the Scottish First Division but their stadium did not meet the agreed criteria. Instead, they asked if they could share a stadium with Airdrie United while their own stadium was expanded. This caused arguments as the chairmen of the SPL clubs voted against this idea. Because Falkirk's stadium was too small, they were not promoted into the SPL, and the team who finished last in the SPL (Motherwell) was not relegated.

This situation almost happened again in 2004. There were many votes and threats of legal action from Partick Thistle, the team who finished last in the SPL. The situation was solved and Inverness Caledonian Thistle were allowed promotion, as long as they shared a stadium with their rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie, a stadium over 100 miles (160 km) away.

In 2005, the stadium size criteria were reduced. A team playing in the SPL must now have at least 6,000 seats (down from 10,000). Standing room is not allowed on SPL grounds for safety reasons. This then allowed Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005–06 season.

In the SPL, there are no restrictions on clubs signing players. The only rule on signing players is with general Scottish employment law. There are no salary caps or age restrictions. There are no restrictions on the size of the playing squad or restrictions on the number of players from other countries.

The only rule is the "Under-21" rule. This means that every club must name at least three players under the age of 21 in their match day squad. They do not need to play. There has been some criticism over this rule. Walter Smith, Gus MacPherson and Jim Jeffries all showed their disapproval.

Between the 1998–99 season and the 2001–02 season, the right to show SPL matches on television was held by Sky Sports, with highlights being shown by STV's Scotsport. Sky Sports withdrew from the SPL when their offer of £45 million, to continue showing live games on TV, was declined by the SPL. The SPL asked for more money. Discussions began in 2002 for a new pay-per-view satellite television channel, called "SPL TV". However Rangers and Celtic did not like the idea, and rejected it. Because of this, the remaining 10 SPL clubs announced their intention to resign from the league.

Even though a two-year television deal had been agreed with BBC Scotland in July 2002 (for less than the money previously offered by Sky Sports), the 10 non-Old Firm clubs confirmed their resignation from the SPL in August 2002, because they were unhappy with how the league voted which allowed the Old Firm clubs to stop any attempts to change SPL rules. The ten clubs withdrew their resignations in January 2003 after an agreement was reached to change the voting rules and to change the way the money from TV was given out to the SPL teams.

With BBC Scotland's television contract due to expire after the 2003–04 season, the SPL agreed a new television deal with Irish company Setanta Sports in February 2004 in a four-year deal worth £54 million. In June 2008, it was announced that a further four-year deal would start for the 2010–11 season, with the deal worth £125 million. However, Setanta went bankrupt in June 2009. In July, Sky Sports and ESPN agreed a £65 million five-year deal with the SPL.

The right to broadcast SPL games on radio is currently held by BBC Radio Scotland, who have held the rights since the SPL started in the 1998–99 season. BBC Radio Scotland also provide internet webcasts to all Scottish Premier League matches, having became the first broadcaster to introduce such a service in June 2000.

As with many sports competitions, the name of the SPL has been sold to a sponsor, currently the Clydesdale Bank, a Scottish Bank. The Clydesdale Bank bought the name in the 2007–08 season for £8 million, taking over from another Scottish bank, the Bank Of Scotland. The SPL is now known as the ""Clydesdale Bank Premier League"".

Until the start of the 2012-13 season, the two Glasgow football clubs known as the Old Firm played in the SPL, Rangers and Celtic. The Old Firm was criticised by some due to the fact that they held such a strong position in Scottish football. The amount of money they made was very large compared to the other teams in Scotland. In 2001 their income was £90 million, almost double the income of the other ten teams, whose income was £48 million combined. Every year since the SPL started one of the Old Firm has won the league. Only once, in the 2005–06 season, did the Old Firm clubs not come first and second in the SPL.

Rangers entered administration in 2012 because they owed money that they could not afford to repay. Some of this money was owed to HMRC (Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs) as Rangers had not paid the tax they should have. Rangers asked HMRC if they would take only some of the money owed to them, called a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA) however HMRC demanded the full amount and Rangers were closed. The people who owned Rangers have set up a new company ('newco') and bought Ibrox stadium, the training buildings and other things. This 'newco' was forced out of the SPL and moved to the Scottish Third Division from the 2012-13 season.

Although the two teams had a strong position over other Scottish teams, they still cannot compete with other leagues for players because other leagues, particularly the English Premiership, have a lot more money to spend. There were rumours about the Old Firm splitting from the SPL, and joining the English Premiership, but this was stopped by FIFA.

These teams play in the Scottish Premier League in the 2012–13 season:

These are previous members of the SPL in reverse order of them losing membership.

Inverness Caley Thistle and St Mirren are the only clubs to have been promoted into the SPL twice. Dunfermline Athletic are the only club to have been relegated from the SPL twice.

"Updated on 28 October 2009; and partly on 07/10/12"



Metropolitan county

There are six metropolitan counties in England, which each cover large urban areas, typically with populations of 1.2 to 2.8 million. They were created in 1974 and are each divided into several metropolitan districts. 

There are no county councils any more since 1986. Most of their functions were taken over by the individual boroughs. So the boroughs became unitary authorities. The remaining functions were taken over by so-called "joint-boards".

The metropolitan counties have population densities of between 838 (South Yorkshire) and 28 (West Midlands) people/km². Individual metropolitan districts range from 4 people/km² in Liverpool to only 500 people/km² in Doncaster.

The six metropolitan counties and their metropolitan districts are:

The structure of Greater London is similar to the metropolitan counties, but it is not one. It was created earlier in 1965, by the London Government Act 1963.
The idea for creating administrative areas based upon the large conurbations outside London based on the model of the County of London or Greater London. 

The metropolitan counties were established by the Local Government Act 1972, the county councils were first elected in 1973, and were formally established in April 1974.

Since 1995, the cities of Birmingham, Bristol, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham and Sheffield have come together in the "English Core Cities Group". This organisation has no distinct legal status but seems to move towards a role of these cities as regional capitals outside of London.

Unitary authority

A unitary authority is a type of local authority that is responsible for all local government functions within its area. This is different from a system where local government functions are divided between different authorities.

Typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities, which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration. Sometimes they consist of counties which have no lower level of administration.

In the United Kingdom, "Unitary Authorities" are English councils which are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas.

This is opposed to the system of local government which still exists in most of England, where local government functions are divided between county councils and district councils.

Until 1996 a similar system existed in Scotland and Wales but this has now been replaced by a fully unitary system. The unitary system has existed in Northern Ireland since 1973. when the administrative responsibilities of the were replaced by a system of 26 unitary authorities.

Some cities, large towns and groups of neighbouring towns are unitary authorities and independent from county councils and some English counties, such as Rutland, Herefordshire and the Isle of Wight, have so small populations that the entire county is a unitary authority.

In practice most unitary authorities in the UK are not entirely unitary, as they often run some services on a joint basis with other authorities, these typically include policing, fire services, and sometimes waste disposal and public transport. In addition some unitary authorities contain civil parishes, which effectively form another limited of local government

When the metropolitan councils were abolished in 1986 their functions were given to the boroughs. These became unitary authorities in all but name.

Similar institituions exist in other countries, which although not called unitary authorities, are similar in concept.

In the United States an Independent city or a consolidated city-county is roughly equivalent to a unitary authority. The city might be separate from any county government, as in Virginia, or merged with a county government, as in San Francisco, California, or as is common in Florida. Another type of local government that is roughly equivalent to a unitary authority is a county when there are no municipal or township governments in the county. That is the case in Arlington County, Virginia, and Baltimore County, Maryland.

Unitary authorities or "single-tier municipalities" exist as a single level of government in a province that otherwise has two levels of local government. One should not confuse municipalities in provinces with no upper-level of local government as single-tier municipalities, as these are the "only" level of local government in that province.

In Germany a kreisfreie Stadt is the equivalent term for a city which is responsible for the local and the Kreis (district) administrative level.

Administrative division

An administrative division is a term for an administrative region within a country that is created for the purposes of managing of land and the affairs of people. The area typically has a local government with a certain degree of autonomy, and is on a level below that of the sovereign state.



















County council

A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county. This term has slightly different meanings in different countries.

County councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region, with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities. The new system was a major modernisation, which became necessary because of the increase of functions carried out by local government in late Victorian Britain.

In England and Wales, a county council is the local government that governs a county.

County Councils were introduced in 1889 in England and Wales by the "Local Government Act 1888". They took over the administrative functions of the unelected "Quarter Sessions".

The system was soon extended to Scotland, by the "Local Government (Scotland) Act 1889", and the island of Ireland by the "Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898". Except in Scotland, the areas they covered were called administrative counties and were not always the same as the traditional shire counties.

In the United States, most of the individual states have counties as a form of local government; in nine states, they are headed by a county council. In other states, each county is headed by a county commission or a county board of supervisors.

L. Ron Hubbard

Lafayette Ronald Hubbard (March 13, 1911 – January 24, 1986) was the founder of Dianetics and Scientology. He started as a pulp fiction and science fiction writer. Hubbard was born in Tilden, Nebraska to Harry Ross Hubbard and Ledora May Hubbard. He died of a stroke in Creston, California.

East Midlands

The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and is the eastern half of the Midlands. 

The counties of Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Rutland, Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire and most of Lincolnshire belong to this region.

The highest point in the region is Kinder Scout, in Derbyshire at 2,088 ft (636 m).

Its main cities are Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, Derby, and Northampton. Leicester is officially the largest city in the region, although the largest area is the Nottingham Urban Area.

East Midlands Airport is situated between the three main cities of Derby, Leicester and Nottingham.

Midland Mainline and GNER trains go to London and to Birmingham and the South West. 

The M1 motorway serves the three largest cities.

A historical basis for such an area exists in the Five Burghs of the Danelaw. The current government office region was created in 1994.

The official region consists of the following subdivisions:


List of Pirates of the Caribbean characters

This is a list of characters appearing in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series.

Jack Sparrow begins the "" as a pirate captain without a ship. He is played by Johnny Depp.

Sparrow had been captain of the "Black Pearl" before his first mate, Hector Barbossa led a mutiny and took over. Sparrow was left alone on a small island with nothing but a gun, one bullet, and a bottle of rum. The crew thought he would either die of thirst or shoot himself. When they returned expecting to find him dead, Sparrow was gone. No one knew how he did it and many amazing stories grew around their former captain. In reality, the island was used by smugglers to hide their illegal rum. When the smugglers returned, Sparrow left the island on their ship.

Sparrow assembles a crew to help him reclaim the "Black Pearl". After the curse is lifted from the crew of the "Black Pearl", he kills Barbossa with the same gun he was left with on the island. He becomes captain of the "Black Pearl" again.

Elizabeth Swann is the daughter of Weatherby Swann, Governor of Port Royal. She is played by Keira Knightley.

Elizabeth loves Will Turner but accepts James Norrington's marriage proposal to save Turner. The marriage is called off after Will is rescued. She marries Will Turner and they have a son, Henry. After Elizabeth gives birth, William is forced to go to sea for ten years. He is reunited with his family in "", but only for one day due to a curse.

This curse is broken when Poseidon's Trident is destroyed at the end of "" allowing Will to reunite with Elizabeth and their son Henry.

Captain Hector Barbossa is an evil and murderous pirate and arch-rival of Jack Sparrow. He is played by Geoffrey Rush.

Barbossa was Jack Sparrow's first mate but led a mutiny and became captain of the "Black Pearl". Barbossa and the crew are cursed to not die but also not to feel any pleasure after they steal a chest of Aztec gold. Just as the curse is lifted, Jack Sparrow shoots Barbossa (using the bullet from the gun left with him when he was marooned). This shot kills Barbossa. However, he is brought back to life by Tia Dalma to rescue Jack Sparrow from Davy Jones' Locker.

Barbossa was brought back to free Tia Dalma, not to rescue Jack Sparrow. Tia Dalma was actually in the process of reviving Barbossa when Jack showed up and traded the cursed monkey for a jar of dirt to ward off Davy Jones. Jack had not finished in Davy Jones's Locker when she started to revive Barbossa. This could also be Tia Dalma's reason for helping the others rescue Jack without charging them.

In the fourth film, he acts as a privateer to get his revenge on Blackbeard for stealing the Black Pearl.

In the fifth film, he became a rich pirate and helps Jack to find the Trident. During the adventure, he reunites with his illegitimate daughter Carina and ends up redeeming himself by sacrificing himself to save her and the others from Salazar which leads to his death.

William "Will" Turner is a blacksmith and self-taught swordsman who lives in Port Royal. He is played by Orlando Bloom.

Will was found holding on to a piece of wood at sea as a boy and rescued by a ship traveling to Port Royal. He falls in love with Elizabeth Swann, the governor's daughter, and wants to marry her. However, because she is rich and he is poor, it does not seem possible. When Elizabeth is taken by Barbossa, Will teams up with Jack Sparrow to rescue her. Sparrow tells Will that Will's father, Bootstrap Turner was one of his crew on the "Black Pearl". Bootstrap Turner was the only one on the crew who did not want to mutiny against Sparrow.

Will finally marries Elizabeth in "." They have a son, Henry. However, Will is made captain of the "Flying Dutchman", and is only allowed to return to port every ten years.

James Norrington is a British Royal Navy Officer. He is played by Jack Davenport.

James Norrington is a commodore in the Royal Navy. He is in love with Elizabeth Swann and she accepts his proposal to rescue Will.

After Jack Sparrow escapes hanging on the gallows, Norrington gives him a day's head start to let him escape. This causes him to lose his commission and position in the Royal Navy. He goes to Tortuga, a private port where many pirates and criminals live. However, he redeems himself by stealing the heart of Davy Jones and giving it to Lord Beckett. However, he regrets this decision as Beckett begins executing all pirates.

James Norrington was killed by Bootstrap Bill Turner on board the "Flying Dutchman" after helping Elizabeth and her crew escapes the ship's brig.

Lord Cutler Beckett is a ruthless lord of the East India Trading Company and he was an officer at the royal navy. He is played Tom Hollander.

After gaining the heart of Davy Jones from James Norrington, Beckett uses it to control Davy Jones by taking over the ship and ordering a mass execution of all pirates, women, and children.

He has killed aboard the ship the "Endeavor". He loses his control of Davy Jones after Will Turner stabs the heart of Davy Jones and becomes the captain of the "Flying Dutchman". The "Endeavor" is destroyed by the "Black Pearl" and the "Flying Dutchman", killing almost all on board, including Beckett.

Tia Dalma is the human form of the goddess Calypso. She is played by Naomie Harris.

Little is known about Tia Dalma. She once had a relationship with Jack Sparrow when they were "inseparable". It was in this time when she gave Sparrow his compass. She was also Davy Jones' lover at one point. She was the one who turned him into a monster after he cut his heart out for her.

She is revealed to be the nymph Calypso, bound to human form by the Brethren Court.

Davy Jones is the sworn enemy of Jack Sparrow. He is played by Bill Nighy through the movie and he's the overall main antagonist of the series.

Davy Jones turned into a monster after he cut his heart out for Calypso. He is the captain of the "Flying Dutchman", a ship crewed by those offered a second chance at life for a hundred years. Their job is to ferry souls to the afterlife. However, Davy Jones uses the crew for his own purposes. This has caused him and the crew to transform into monsters resembling sea life.

Davy Jones was killed by Will Turner aboard the "Flying Dutchman". Will was stabbed by Davy Jones and then Bootstrap charged at Davey Jones and attacked him. But when Davey Jones got a grip on him he took out his sword and was going to stab Bootstrap just as Jack sparrow took the heart out of the chest and helped Will stab it with a broken sword. 

However, he was accidentally resurrected when they broke the Trident of Poseidon allowing Jones to return and to search for revenge.

Davy Jones did not cut his heart out "for" Calypso. He cut his heart out "after" she betrayed him by not showing up the day Davy Jones was allowed to make port. He was so hurt that he cut out his own heart so he would never have feelings ever again. This is also the reason Davy Jones taught the Brethren Court how to bind Calypso in a human form.

Sao Feng is a Pirate Lord of the Brethren Court. He was played by Chow Yun-Fat.

Sao Feng is the pirate lord of the South China Sea. He is known for betraying anyone, even his friends, to get on the winning side. He says this is "just good business". He often uses a dao as his weapon of choice.

Elizabeth and Barbossa visit Sao Feng to request a ship and a crew. Feng is suspicious and informs them that earlier that day someone broke into his uncle's temple and attempted to steal the navigational charts to World's End. He reveals the thief to be Will Turner. Barbossa and Elizabeth deny knowing Will, but when Feng threatens to kill him, Elizabeth reacts, confirming they are allies. Barbossa explains that the Brethren Court has been summoned to meet at Shipwreck Cove and Feng, being one of the nine Pirate Lords, is honor-bound to attend. Feng demands to know why they want to sail to the Locker. When Will admits they want to rescue Jack, Feng becomes angry and declares that he would only bring Sparrow back to life to kill him in person. Barbossa reminds Feng that Jack is one of the nine Pirate Lords and is still in possession of a "piece of eight," a pirate lord's symbol, and didn't have a successor to give it to before his "death".

Joshamee Gibbs, known as Mr. Gibbs, is a pirate. He is played by Kevin McNally.

Mr. Gibbs is the right-hand man to Jack Sparrow. He helps Jack Sparrow assemble a crew to go after the "Black Pearl". He is very superstitious. Not much is known about his past, aside from the fact he had served in the Royal Navy at one point.

Weatherby Swann is the governor of Port Royal and is the father of Elizabeth Swann. He was played by Jonathan Pryce.

Governor Swann wanted Elizabeth to marry James Norrington. However, he did not mind when she chose Will Turner instead, because he wanted her to be happy.

He was assassinated by an employee of the East India Trading Company under Beckett's orders.

Pintel and Ragetti are pirates. Pintel is played by Lee Arenburg, and Ragetti is played by Mackenzie Crook.

Pintel and Ragetti were part of the crew on the "Black Pearl". They took part in the mutiny led by Barbossa, and each became immortal after taking part in the cursed chest of Aztec gold. Ragetti has a wooden eye, which is in fact Barbossa's Piece of Eight. They often are comic relief in the movies.

Bill Turner, often called Bootstrap, is a pirate played by Stellan Skarsgård.

Bootstrap is Will Turner's father. He was part of the crew of the "Black Pearl" with Jack Sparrow as captain, but he did not take part in the mutiny. After stealing the Aztec gold (meaning he was cursed, and immortal) Bootstrap felt bad for the part he played in the mutiny against Jack. He stuck up for Jack, so Barbossa strapped him to a cannon and sent him to the depths, unable to breathe yet unable to die (as said by Bootstrap himself in ). Davy Jones offered him a way out of his eternal torture, and Bootstrap Bill accepted. Thus he becomes part of the crew on the "Flying Dutchman" with Davy Jones. He also chose to be on the ship with his son William Turner after agreeing to leave every ten years to give his wife and his son a visit.

The Kraken is a fictional sea monster. It is based on the mythical beast in mythology. It is a sea monster that does the bidding of Davy Jones. When summoned by him, it arises from the ocean. Often Davy Jones tells it to destroy ships that he believes threaten or annoy him. The Kraken kills Jack Sparrow and destroys the "Black Pearl" but Jack lived. The Kraken is Killed in fact by Davy Jones. It has a lizardy kind of skin.

Captain Teague is a pirate and is Keeper of the Code for the Brethren Court. He is played by Keith Richards.

Teague is Jack Sparrow's father. He is the former Pirate Lord of Madagascar, but he resigned to become Keeper of the Code.

Anamaria is a female pirate. She is played by Zoë Saldaña.

Not much is known about her, other than her ship was stolen by Jack Sparrow at one point. She becomes part of Jack Sparrow's crew in helping him find the "Black Pearl".

Lieutenant Gillette is a British Royal Navy officer. He is played by Damian O'Hare.

Gillette is James Norrington's Flag-Lieutenant. He survives the battle on the "HMS Dauntless".

Lieutenant Groves is a British Royal Navy Officer. He is played by Greg Ellis.

Groves is a British Royal Navy Officer. He served under the command of James Norrington. He also serves as Beckett's second-in-command aboard the "Endeavour" when it is destroyed by the "Flying Dutchman" and the "Black Pearl". When Beckett gives no commands to the crew, he orders them to abandon the ship.

Mercer is an employee of the East India Trading Company. He is played by David Schofield.

Mercer is Beckett's assistant. Beckett often uses Mercer to carry out his "dirty" work, such as assassination and spying.

Giselle and Scarlett are prostitutes from Tortuga. Giselle is played by Vanessa Branch. Scarlett is played by Lauren Maher.

Both women often flirt with Jack Sparrow. They both also often slap him for lying to them.


Greater Nottingham

Greater Nottingham is a conurbation based around the city of Nottingham in Nottinghamshire, England. 

Unlike Greater Manchester, which is a metropolitan county and Greater London, which is a region, Greater Nottingham not officially an administrative area. But it is an own Nottingham Urban Area with a population of 666,358 at the time of the 2001 census.

The Nottingham Urban Area includes Nottingham itself and the surrounding towns and villages of Arnold, Beeston, Breaston, Carlton, Clifton, Eastwood, Heanor, Hucknall, Ilkeston, Kimberley, Long Eaton, Ripley, Ruddington, Stapleford, and West Bridgford. This Nottingham Urban Area is separated from the Derby Urban Area only by a narrow gap between Breaston and Borrowash. Similar narrow gaps exist between the Nottingham urban area and the Mansfield Urban Area and Alfreton Urban Area.


Hanau

Hanau is a town in Hesse, Germany. It is east of Frankfurt am Main, where the little river Kinzig joins the river Main. About 100,000 people live in Hanau. 

Hanau was first mentioned in 1143 and became a city in 1303.

During World War II, Hanau was almost completely destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945.

Nine people were killed in two shootings in Hanau on 19 February 2020.


John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich

John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich was born on November 3, 1718 and died on April 30, 1792 in Great Britain. He is known for the person the sandwich is named after.

Nottingham

Nottingham is a city (and county town of Nottinghamshire) in the East Midlands of England. The centre of Nottingham lies on the River Leen and its southern boundary follows the course of the River Trent, which flows from Stoke to the River Humber estuary. According to the 2011 census, Nottingham has a city population of 305,700. Nottingham is a member of the English Core Cities Group. It has been nicknamed "Shottingham" due to the high rate of gun crime.

The first evidence of settlement dates from pre-Roman times, and it is clear that the Romans also lived in the area.

An early name for Nottingham was "Tigguo Cobauc" which means "a place of caves." Founded by Anglo-Saxon invaders after 600 AD, parts of the settlement have included man-made caves, dug into soft sandstone.
Nottingham was later captured by the Danes (Vikings) and in the 9th century became one of the five boroughs (fortified towns) of the Danelaw.
The legend of Robin Hood developed in the Middle Ages. Robin Hood is said to have lived in Sherwood Forest, which extended from the north of Nottingham to the north side of Doncaster, Yorkshire. His main opponent was the Sheriff of Nottingham. While the legends are almost certainly untrue, particularly in their details, they have had a major impact on Nottingham, with Robin Hood imagery a popular choice for local businesses and many modern tourist attractions use the legend. The Robin Hood Statue in Nottingham is outside the Nottingham Castle within walking distance from the Old Market Square.

Three pubs in Nottingham claim the title of "England's Oldest Pub". The contenders are Ye Olde Trip To Jerusalem near the castle, The Bell on the Old Market Square, and The Salutation on Maid Marian Way.

In the 18th and 19th centuries, much of Nottingham's wealth was founded on the textile industry.


Famous people born in or near Nottingham include (sorted by DOB):

Novelists and poets


Nottingham (disambiguation)

Nottingham is the name of several places in the world:

UK:

USA:

and a succession of Royal Navy destroyers:


Nottingham also refers to a housing cooperative in Madison, WI.

Little Red Riding Hood

"Little Red Riding Hood" (or "Little Red Cap") is a French fairy tale for young children about a young girl and a wolf. The story comes from a folktale which means that it was a "spoken" story for a long time before it was a written story. It was first written down in the late 1600s, by Charles Perrault. The best-known version (the way the story is told) is "" by the Brothers Grimm and dates from the 19th century (1800s).

The most famous version of the story is the one written by the Brothers Grimm in the 19th century. The Brothers Grimm listened to many traditional stories from old people and wrote them into a book. They did not originally mean for their book to be read as children's stories; they were writing down German folklore for scholars to read. But their book became famous as a book of children's stories anyway. The title of the story is properly translated as "Little Red Cap" even though it is usually known in English as "Little Red Riding Hood".
A girl has been given red cap (or cloak and hood) to wear. Her mother sends her to take food to her sick grandmother. The mother tells her she must not stop on the way. A wolf sees the girl walking through the woods and makes a plan to eat her. The wolf politely asks the girl where she is going. The girl answers him, because he seems friendly. The wolf tells the girl to pick some flowers for her grandmother. While she is picking flowers, the wolf goes to grandmother's house and eats her. He puts on the grandmother's night-cap and gets into her bed. When the girl arrives at her grandmother's house, she gets into bed with the wolf.

In the Perrault version, the girl is surprised to see what her "grandmother" looks like without her clothes. "What big eyes you have!" she cries. "The better to see you with!" the wolf responds. The dialogue continues, with the child remarking upon other body parts until she notes the wolf's big teeth. "What big teeth you have!" she cries. "The better to eat you with!" the wolf responds.

The wolf leaps upon the child and eats the girl. In the Grimms' version, a woodcutter (lumberjack) comes and cuts open the wolf's body. He saves the grandmother and the girl who are still alive in the wolf's stomach. Then, stones are put in the wolf's body to kill the wolf.

The story of "Little Red Riding Hood" seems to have been told for centuries in different countries, under different names.
Anthropologist Dr. Jamie Tehrani said some versions of "Little Red Riding Hood" are 3000 years old. One of Aesop's Fables is a version of "Little Red Riding Hood", according to Tehrani. In France, the story has probably been told for at least 700 years. In Italy, there are several versions. One is called "The False Grandmother". There is also a story from China which is like this, called "The Grandmother Tiger". There are also versions of the story from the Middle East and Africa.

In the old versions of the story the wolf is sometimes a terrible monster or a werewolf. In one version of the story, the wolf gives the girl some food to eat. It is part of the body of her grandmother. The wolf tells the girl to throw all her clothes in the fire, and get into bed. She says that she needs to use the toilet first. The wolf ties her with a long string so that she cannot run away without him knowing. But the girl puts the rope around something else, and escapes.

In these early versions of the story, Red Riding Hood escapes on her own. She uses her own intelligence and her own courage. The Brothers Grimm and other later authors added male heroes who save Red Riding Hood.

The story was first written and published in a book from 1697 by the French writer Charles Perrault. The name of the book, in English, is "Tales and Stories of the Past with Morals: Tales of Mother Goose". The story is called "The Little Red Cap" ("Le Petit Chaperon Rouge"). Perrault's version of the tale is the original printed version, but it is likely based on an older oral tradition. It is uncertain if Perrault knew a folk tale from the south of France about a girl who cleverly escapes a werewolf occupying her grandmother's bed.

Perrault wanted to make a strong point about wise and foolish behaviour. He wanted to show that a beautiful young woman was in danger of having men with bad morals try to trick her into wrong behaviour. In Perrault's story the girl is eaten and there is no happy ending.

The story has been changed many times in the centuries following its publication. It is a little different from the way that the Brothers Grimm tell it. In their version, a huntsman slays the child-devouring wolf. He then frees the heroine from the animal's stomach.

In some modern versions of the story, especially versions for very young children, the grandmother does not die. She hides in the closet or cupboard instead.

Little Red Riding Hood often appears as a picture book or in collections of stories for very young children.

An important part of the story is the questions and answers. In the story, the wolf knocks at the grandmother's door.
The story goes:

The second section of repeating parts of the story happens when Red Riding Hood sees the wolf in her grandmother's bed.

These questions and answers also appear in older versions, for example Perrault's.

There are many stories in which a hungry wolf threatens a young person or animal. In most of these stories, the young one escapes by cunning (cleverness). One story is the Russian folktale "Peter and the Wolf". The Brothers Grimm told the story of the "Little Kids and the Wolf". Another story like this is "The Three Little Pigs", first published by James Orchard Halliwell-Phillipps.

As with many fairy tales, hidden messages can be found in "Little Red Riding Hood". People have very different "interpretations" (ways of understanding the hidden meanings). There are two well-known ways that the story of "Little Red Riding Hood" can be interpreted.

The first type of interpretation is about morality. It is about what is right and what is wrong.



The second way of seeing the stories has nothing to do with peoples' behaviour or feelings. These interpretations have to do with the cycle of the sun and the seasons, and with the cycle of life, with people dying and being born.

François Adrien Boieldieu (1775 - 1834) made an opera from the story. The opera is called "Le petit chaperon rouge". Its first performance was in Paris, in the year 1818.

In 1927, Sir Compton MacKenzie used Little Red Riding Hood as the central character of a novel for children "Santa Claus in Summer". Red Riding Hood, in this re-telling, is the daughter of a highway man called Riding Hood.

The story has been adapted to various media. Tex Avery made a cartoon out of it, Red Hot Riding Hood. He adapted the story to be more appealing to adults. Little Red Riding Hood works at a striptease club. The wolf, dressed in a suit, goes after the stripper (a stripper is a person who is paid to take off his or her clothes in public).

Roald Dahl re-told the story in a funny poem about Little Red Riding Hood. It is in his collection "Revolting Rhymes".

"Lon Po Po" is an ancient Chinese version of "Little Red Riding Hood" which won the 1990 Randolph Caldecott Medal for its watercolour and pastel illustrations by Young.

Many paintings have been done of "Little Red Riding Hood". Artists who have painted pictures of this story are George Frederick Watts, Samuel Albrecht Anker, and François Richard Fleury.




Dettelbach

Dettelbach is a town in Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right edge of the Main, 20 km east of Würzburg, and 8 km north of Kitzingen. It includes surrounding villages as administrative subdivisions, namely Bibergau, Brück, Dettelbach-Bahnhof, Effeldorf, Euerfeld, Mainsondheim, Neuses am Berg, Neusetz, Schernau und Schnepfenbach.


Albertshofen

Albertshofen is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Kitzingen

Kitzingen () is a town in Bavaria, capital of Kitzingen. It is part of the Franconia geographical region and has around 21,000 residents. Surrounded by vineyards, Kitzingen County is the largest wine producer in Bavaria. It is said to be Franconia's wine trade center.

Wiesenbronn

Wiesenbronn is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuhof

Neuhof may refer to:







Geiselwind

Geiselwind is a market town in Lower Franconia (Bavaria) in Kitzingen in Germany. It has a population of around 2,300.

Geiselwind is in the region of Lower Franconia (Würzburg). Until administrative reform Geiselwind belonged to the region of Middle Franconia. On the edge of the municipal area is the Dreifrankenstein ("Three Franconia Stone"), where the regions of Lower Franconia and Middle Franconia and Upper Franconia meet.

Geiselwind has the following "Ortsteile": Burggrub, Dürrnbuch, Ebersbrunn, Füttersee, Geiselwind, Gräfenneuses, Holzberndorf, Ilmenau, Langenberg, Rehweiler, Wasserberndorf and Freihaslach.


Markt Einersheim

Markt Einersheim is a market town and municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria, Germany.


Mainbernheim

Mainbernheim is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany,4 kilometers to the south of Kitzingen ("Landkreis", district of Kitzingen) in the direction of Nürnberg.

Robert College

Robert College, also called RC, is an American high school in Istanbul, Turkey. It is the most prestigious, private high school in Turkey. The institution was founded by Cyrus Hamlin, with the financial help of Christopher Rhinelander Robert, in 1863 (during the Ottoman Empire). Robert College is also the first American educational institution founded outside the United States. It was founded as a boys' college for Christian minority of the empire. Later the girls section was opened as American College for Girls. Then the Muslims were allowed to be educated in the schools. Hüseyin Pektaş became the first Muslim boy to graduate from college. In 19th century, many additions were made to college including, middle school and high school.

After the foundation of the Republic of Turkey in 1923, the school continued to educate young people, who later became the leaders of the country. Prime ministers Bülent Ecevit and Tansu Çiller are among the school's graduates.

In 1971, Robert College donated one of its two campuses (Boys' campus or Bebek campus) to the Republic of Turkey. A new, public university was founded on this campus. The other campus (Girls' campus or Arnavutköy campus) has since been serving the society as a coeducational high school.



Demonym

A demonym or gentilic is a word used for people or the inhabitants of a place. The name of a people's language is usually the same as this word, for example, the "English" (language or people). Some places may not have a word for the people that live there.

The English language has many ways to create demonyms. The most common is to add a suffix to the end of the location's name. These may use Latin, Semitic or Germanic suffixes, such as:

In many cases, both the location's name and the demonym are created by using a suffix, for example "England" and "English" and "Englishman". This is not always true, for example, "France" → "French; Philippines → Filipino or Pilipino."

In a few cases, the name of the country is not at all related to the name of the people ("Netherlands" → "Dutch"). This is usually because the two words come from different languages. The demonyms in federal states or autonomous region can also differ in this way. For example, people in Khatumo State are often called "reer darawiish". That's because the dominant tribe Dhulbahante used to be anti-colonial dervishes.<br>Reer Darawiish"

Demonyms can be nouns or adjectives. In many cases the noun and adjective forms are the same ("Canadian/Canadian"); in other cases they are different ("Spaniard/Spanish").

In the case of Canadian provinces and territories and U.S. states, demonyms are not usually used as adjectives.

Some peoples, mainly cultures that were taken over by European colonists, have no demonym. They may also have a demonym that is the same as the name of their nation. Examples include Iroquois, Aztec, Māori, and Czech. Often, the "native" languages of these people have forms that did not get used in English. In Czech, for example, the language is "Čeština", the nation is "Česko" or "Česká republika", and the people are "Češi".

The demonym for people of the United States of America has a similar problem. "American" can mean either someone from the United States, or someone from any part of American region or the two American continents (North America and South America). "United Statian" is not frequently used in English, but it exists. It is commonly used in Spanish ("estadounidense") and widely used in Latin American Spanish. French ("étatsunien(ne)") exists but is rarely used, Portuguese ("estado-unidense" or "estadunidense") but it is not as commonly used, Italian ("statunitense") exists but is rarely used, and also in Interlingua ("statounitese"). In Esperanto the country is "Usono" and the demonym is "Usonano", avoiding confusion with "Amerikano". "US American" (for the noun) and "US-American" can be used but is not widely used in German ("US-Amerikaner").

Gettysburg Address

The Gettysburg Address is a speech by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. It was delivered on the afternoon of Thursday, November 19, 1863. This speech was made during the American Civil War, at the dedication of the Soldiers' National Cemetery in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. This was four-and-a-half months after the Union Army had a victory over the Confederate States Army at the Battle of Gettysburg.

The address is one of the greatest speeches in the history of the United States. Lincoln spoke of how humans were equal as it has been said in the Declaration of Independence. He also said the Civil War was a fight not simply for the Union, but "a new birth of freedom" that would make everyone truly equal in one united nation. 

ferring to the American Revolution in 1776. "Score" in this case is an old word meaning "twenty." Lincoln used the ceremony at Gettysburg to encourage the people to help America's democracy, so that the "government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth".

The speech is very important in the popular culture of the United States. However, people are not sure about the exact words of the speech. The five known manuscripts of the Gettysburg Address are different from one another in some details. They are also different from the words of the Gettysburg Address that have been printed in modern newspapers.

About 172,000 American soldiers fought in the Battle of Gettysburg from July 1–3, 1863. The Battle of Gettysburg was an important influence on the American Civil War and on the town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, where only 2,400 people lived. The battlefield had more than 7,500 bodies of dead soldiers and 5,000 horses. Sarah Broadhead, a wife and mother living in the town, feared that they would "be visited with pestilence". Eliza Farnham, a nurse, called the place "one vast hospital". An army medical officer spoke similarly: " days following the battle of Gettysburg greatest amount of human suffering known in this nation since its birth".

The people of Gettysburg wanted to bury the dead properly. At first, they planned to buy land for a cemetery and ask the families of the dead to pay for the burial. However, David Willis, a rich 32-year-old lawyer, did not like this idea. He wrote to the Governor of Pennsylvania, Andrew Gregg Curtin, asking that a National Cemetery be supported by the states. Wills was allowed to buy 17 acres (69,000 m²) for a cemetery to honor the people who died in the battle. He paid $2,475.87 for the land.
At first, Wills wanted to dedicate this new cemetery on Wednesday, October 23. He asked Edward Everett to be the main speaker. Everett was a very famous orator at that time. He had also served as Secretary of State, U.S. Senator, U.S. Representative, Governor of Massachusetts, president of Harvard University, and Vice Presidential candidate. However, Everett replied that he would not be able to prepare a good speech so quickly, and wanted to move the date of the dedication. The organizing committee agreed, and the dedication was moved to Thursday, November 19.

Wills and the event committee then asked President Lincoln to join in the ceremony. Wills' letter said, "It is the desire , as Chief Executive of the nation, formally (officially) set apart these a few appropriate (proper) remarks". Lincoln was officially asked to join only 17 days before the ceremony, while Everett had received his invitation 40 days earlier. "Although there is some evidence Lincoln expected Wills's letter, its late date makes the author (writer) appear days was extraordinarily (remarkably) short notice for presidential participation even by nineteenth-century standards". Also, Wills's letter "made it equally clear to the president that he would have only a small part in the ceremonies".

Lincoln came by train to Gettysburg on November 18. He spent the night in Wills's house on the Gettysburg town square. There, he finished the speech he had written in Washington, D.C. There is a popular story that Lincoln completed his address on the train on the back of an envelope, but it is not true. There are several early copies on Executive Mansion paper, and reports of Lincoln finishing his speech while he was a guest of David Wills at Gettysburg. On the morning of November 19 at 9:30 a.m., Lincoln, riding a brown horse, joined the townspeople, and widows marching out to the grounds to be dedicated.

About 15,000 people went to the ceremony. This included the governors of six of the 24 Union states. They were Andrew Gregg Curtin of Pennsylvania, Augustus Bradford of Maryland, Oliver P. Morton of Indiana, Horatio Seymour of New York, Joel Parker of New Jersey, and David Tod of Ohio. Canadian politician William McDougall came as Lincoln's guest. Historians do not agree about the exact place where the dedication ceremony was held inside the cemetery. Moving all the bodies to the graves in the cemetery was less than half complete on the day of the ceremony.

By August 1863, tens of thousands of people had been killed or injured because of Civil War battles. This made people in the North begin to dislike Lincoln and the war. Lincoln's 1863 drafts were not popular, and people became angriest with them around the time of the New York Draft Riots. This was just ten days after the Battle of Gettysburg. In September 1863, Pennsylvania's Governor Curtin told Lincoln that people were turning against the war effort:

If the election were to occur now, the result would be extremely doubtful (not sure), and although most of our discreet friends are sanguine of the result, my impression is, the chances would be against us. The draft is very odious in the State... the Democratic leaders have succeeded in exciting prejudice and passion, and have infused their poison into the minds of the people to a very large extent, and the changes are against us.

In the summer of 1864, Lincoln was worried that the people's bad feelings would make him lose the Presidential election. In the fall of 1863, he grew very concerned about keeping up the Union's spirits toward the war effort. That was the greatest purpose of Lincoln's Address at Gettysburg.

The program organized for that day by Wills and his committee included:

Lincoln's short speech became known in history as one of the best examples of English public speeches. Everett's two-hour oration was called the "Gettysburg address" that day, but his oration is not well-known today. It began:

It ended two hours later with:

After Everett finished his speech, Lincoln spoke for two or three minutes. Lincoln's "few appropriate remarks" summarized the war in ten sentences.

Lincoln's speech is very important in history, but modern scholars do not agree about the words of the speech. There are many different modern versions printed in newspaper accounts of the event. Among these, the Bliss version, written some time after the speech for a friend, is seen by lots of people as the most reliable text. Its text is different, however, from the written versions prepared by Lincoln before and after his speech. It is the only version Lincoln put his signature on. It is also the last he is known to have written.

In "Lincoln at Gettysburg", Garry Wills notes the similarity between Lincoln's speech and Pericles's Funeral Oration during the Peloponnesian War (James McPherson and Gore Vidal also note this). Pericles' speech begins with remembering honored people: "I shall begin with our ancestors: it is both just and proper that they should have the honour of the first mention on an occasion like the present". This is very much like the Gettysburg Address's famous beginning. In the Gettysburg Address, Lincoln had begun by speaking of how "our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation". He then praises their State's firm democracy: "If we look to the laws, they afford equal justice to all". He honors the dead's sacrifice: "Thus choosing to die resisting, rather than to live submitting, they fled only from dishonour, but met danger face to face". He also warmly encourages the living to continue to fight for true democracy: "You, their survivors, must determine to have as unfaltering a resolution in the field, though you may pray that it may have a happier issue".

But writer Adam Gopnik felt differently. In "The New Yorker", he said that Everett's Oration was openly neoclassical. For example, Everett spoke directly about Marathon and Pericles. But he said that "Lincoln’s rhetoric is, instead, deliberately Biblical". He added that it is hard to find any obviously classical references in all of his speeches. Gopnik felt that "Lincoln had mastered the sound of the King James Bible so completely that he could recast (make again) abstract issues of constitutional law in Biblical terms (words from the Bible), making the proposition (suggestion) that Texas and New Hampshire should be forever bound by a single post office sound like something right out of Genesis".

There are many theories about where Lincoln's expression of "government of the people, by the people, for the people" came from. In "The American Monthly Review of Reviews", it is suggested that the writings of William Herndon, Lincoln's law partner, much influenced Lincoln. William Herndon wrote in "Abraham Lincoln: The True Story of A Great Life" that he had brought some of the sermons of abolitionist minister Theodore Parker to Lincoln, who had been moved by them.

Craig R. Smith, In "Criticism of Political Rhetoric and Disciplinary Integrity", suggested that the Gettysburg Address was influenced by the speech of Massachusetts Senator Daniel Webster. In his "Second Reply to Hayne", Webster had famously cried out, "Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable"! In this 1830 speech, Webster had also described the Federal Government as "made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people". This expression was very similar to Lincoln's "government of the people, by the people, for the people." Webster also said, "This the independent offspring of the popular will. It is not the creature of State the whole truth must be told, the people brought it into existence, established it, and have hitherto (until now) supported it, for the very purpose, amongst others, of imposing certain salutary restraints on State sovereignties".

Wills was interested in how Lincoln used the ideas of birth, life, and death. Lincoln had described the nation as "brought forth", "conceived", and that shall not "perish". Others, such as Allen C. Guelzo, suggested that Lincoln's expression "four score and seven" was about the King James Version of the Bible's . There, man's life is described as "threescore years and ten; and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years".

Each of the five manuscript copies of the Gettysburg Address are named for the person who received it from Lincoln. Lincoln gave a copy to each of his private secretaries, John Nicolay and John Hay. Both were written around the time of his November 19 address. The other three copies of the address (the Everett, Bancroft, and Bliss copies) were written a long time after November 19. They were written by Lincoln for charitable purposes. The Bliss copy has become the most widely accepted text of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. This is partly because Lincoln gave it a title and signed and dated it.

There has been some controversy about the two earliest drafts of the Address. Lincoln's son, Robert Todd Lincoln, made Nicolay and Hay the legal guardians of Lincoln's papers in 1874. The Nicolay Copy appeared as a copy in an article written by Nicolay in 1894. After that, it was thought to be among the papers passed to Hay by Nicolay's daughter Helen when Nicolay died in 1901. Robert Lincoln began a search for the first copy in 1908. He discovered a handwritten copy of the Gettysburg Address among the papers of John Hay—a copy now known as the "Hay Draft".

The Hay Draft was different from the Gettysburg Address printed by Nicolay in 1894 in many important ways. For example, it was written on a different kind of paper, had a different number of words on every line, had a different number of lines, and had corrections in Lincoln's handwriting.

Both the Hay and Nicolay copies of the Address are inside the Library of Congress. They are inside specially designed, temperature-controlled, sealed containers with argon gas. This is to protect the documents from oxidation.

The Nicolay Copy is often called the "first draft". This is because it is thought to be the earliest copy that exists. Scholars are not sure if the Nicolay Copy was actually the copy Lincoln read from at Gettysburg on November 19. In an 1894 article, Nicolay wrote that Lincoln had brought to Gettysburg the first part of the speech written in ink. Nicolay also said that Lincoln had written the second page in pencil on lined paper before November 19. Matching folds can still be seen on the two pages, suggesting it could be the copy that eyewitnesses say Lincoln took from his coat pocket and read at the ceremony. But some of the words and expressions in the Nicolay Copy do not match modern transcriptions of Lincoln's speech. Because of this, some people believe that the text used at Gettysburg has been lost. The words "under God", for example, are missing in this copy from the phrase "that this nation (under God) shall have a new birth of freedom..." If the Nicolay draft was the copy Lincoln read from, either the modern transcriptions are not correct, or Lincoln spoke differently from his written text several times. John Nicolay kept this copy of the Gettysburg Address until he died in 1901. When he died, it was passed on to his friend John Hay. It is on permanent display as part of the American Treasures exhibition of the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C.

In 1906, it was first announced that the Hay Copy had been discovered. It had been found among the papers of John Hay when people were searching for the "original manuscript" of the Address. There are some important differences from the copy of the Address described by John Hay in his article. There are many important words taken out and added by Lincoln's own handwriting, which often changed the basic meaning of the sentence. In this copy, like in the Nicolay Copy, the words "under God" are not there.

This version has been described as "the most inexplicable" of the drafts. It is sometimes referred to as the "second draft". The "Hay Copy" was probably made on the morning of the delivery of the Address. It could also have been made shortly after Lincoln came back to Washington. The people who believe it was completed on the morning of his address note that it has some expressions that are not in the first draft but are in the reports of the address and in later copies by Lincoln. It is likely, they say, that Lincoln used this copy when he delivered the address. Lincoln later gave this copy to his other secretary, John Hay. Hay's descendants gave it and the Nicolay Copy to the Library of Congress in 1916.

The Everett Copy is also known as the "Everett-Keyes Copy". It was sent by President Lincoln to Edward Everett in early 1864. Everett, who was collecting the speeches at the Gettysburg dedication into one book to sell for hurt soldiers at New York's Sanitary Commission Fair, had asked for it. The Illinois State Historical Library in Springfield, Illinois has it on display. It is in the Treasures Gallery of the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.

The Bancroft Copy of the Gettysburg Address was written by President Lincoln in February 1864. The famous historian George Bancroft, the "father of American History", who wrote "History of the United States", had asked him to write it for him. Bancroft wanted to put this copy in "Autograph Leaves of Our Country's Authors" and sell it at a Soldiers' and Sailors' Sanitary Fair in Baltimore. But Lincoln wrote on both sides of the paper, so he could not use it for this purpose. Therefore, Bancroft was allowed to keep it. This copy was kept by the Bancroft family for many years. Then, it was sold to different dealers and bought by Nicholas and Marguerite Lilly Notes. They donated it to Cornell in 1949. It is now kept by the Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections in the Carl A. Kroch Library at Cornell University. Among the five copies, it is the only one to be privately owned.

When Lincoln found that his fourth written copy could not be used, he wrote a fifth copy. The Bliss Copy was named for Colonel Alexander Bliss, Bancroft's stepson. It is not known if Lincoln made any more copies. Lincoln wrote this copy with much care. He gave it a title—"Address delivered at the dedication of the cemetery at Gettysburg"—and signed and dated this copy. In fact, it was the only copy of the Gettysburg Address he signed. Partly because of this, it has become the most well-known version of the Gettysburg Address. It is the source of most modern copies of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.

Today, this copy hangs in the Lincoln Room of the White House. It is a present from Oscar B. Cintas, who used to be a Cuban Ambassador to the United States. Cintas liked to collect art and manuscripts. He had bought the Bliss Copy for $54,000 at a public auction in 1949. It "set a new high record for the sale of a document at public auction". The Castro government claimed Cintas' properties after it became powerful in 1959. But Cintas, who died in 1957, had willed the Gettysburg Address to the American people, if it would be kept at the White House. It was moved there in 1959, and is still there today.

Another source of the Gettysburg Address is the copy from the Associated Press. It was copied from the notes taken by reporter Joseph L. Gilbert. It is different from the drafted words in a few ways.

Eyewitnesses reports about Lincoln's performance are various. In 1931, 87-year-old Mrs. Sarah A. Cooke Myers suggested that there was a dignified silence after Lincoln finished his speech. She had been there when she was 19 years old. "I was close to the President and heard all of the Address, but it seemed short. Then there was an impressive silence like our Menallen Friends Meeting. There was no applause when he stopped speaking". Historian Shelby Foote said that the applause, which came after a long time, was "barely polite". But the governor of Pennsylvania, Curtin, said, "He pronounced (said) that speech in a voice that all the multitude (people) heard. The crowd was hushed into silence because the President stood before was so Impressive! It was the common remark of everybody. Such a speech, as they said it was!"

There is a story that Lincoln turned to his bodyguard Ward Hill Lamon and said that his speech "won't scour (wouldn't be successful)". Garry Wills argued that this story was not true. He said that Lamon was the only person who remembered this remark, and that it was not reliable. Garry Wills felt that Lincoln had done what he wanted to do at Gettysburg.

The following day, Everett wrote a letter to Lincoln. In the letter, he praised the President for his speech, saying, "I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central (main) idea of the occasion, in two hours, as you did in two minutes". Lincoln replied that he was glad the speech was not a "total complete failure".

Other public reaction to the speech was different according to each party. The Democratic "Chicago Times" said, "The cheek of every American must tingle with shame as he reads the silly, flat and dishwatery utterances (remarks) of the man who has to be pointed out to intelligent foreigners as the President of the United States". However, the Republican "New York Times" praised the speech. The Springfield, MA. Republican newspaper printed the entire speech, calling it "a perfect gem" that was "deep in feeling, compact (simple) in thought and expression, and tasteful and elegant in every word and comma". The Republican said that Lincoln's short remarks would "repay further study as the model speech".

William R. Rathvon is the only known eyewitness of the Gettysburg Address to have left an audio recording of what he remembered. One year before he died in 1939, Rathvon's remarks were recorded on February 12, 1938. It included his reading the address itself. The title of the record was "I Heard Lincoln That Day - William R. Rathvon, TR Productions". The National Public Radio (NPR) discovered a copy during a "Quest for Sound" project in 1999. NPR allows people to hear the record around Lincoln's birthday.

The only known and confirmed photograph of Lincoln at Gettysburg was taken by David Bachrach. It was identified in the Mathew Brady collection of photographic plates in 1952. Lincoln's speech was short, but he and others sat for hours during the rest of the program. Because Everett's speech was very long, and because it took a long time for 19th century photographers to prepare for taking a picture, it is likely that photographers were not prepared for how short Lincoln's speech was. In 2006, John Richter identified two more photographs in the Library of Congress collection.

The Nicolay and Hay copies do not have the words "under God", but they appear in the three later copies (Everett, Bancroft, and Bliss). So, some skeptics suggest that Lincoln did not say "under God" at Gettysburg. Yet at least three reporters telegraphed the words of the Gettysburg Address with the words "under God" included. Historian William E. Barton says:

The reporters who were there at that time included Joseph Gilbert, Charles Hale, John R. Young. There were also reporters from the "Cincinnati Commercial", "New York Tribune", and "New York Times". Charles Hale "had notebook and pencil in hand, [and] took down the slow-spoken words of the President". "He took down what he declared was the exact language of Lincoln's associates confirmed his testimony, which was received, as it deserved to be at its face value". Lincoln probably spoke differently from what he had prepared and added the expression when he was speaking.

The Gettysburg Address's importance in the history of the United States can be seen by the long time it has been a part of American culture. Popular works often refer to the Gettysburg Address as if expecting that the audience will know Lincoln's words. Many years have passed after the Address was delivered, but it is still one of the most famous speeches in American history. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s famous speech of "I Have a Dream" spoke of the Gettysburg Address. In August 1963, King spoke of President Lincoln and his well-known words: "Five score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand today, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. came as a of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames ".

The Constitution of France spoke of France as a ""gouvernement du peuple, par le peuple et pour le peuple"" ("government of the people, by the people, and for the people"). This was a direct translation of Lincoln's words.

The address has become a part of American tradition. It is studied in schools and warmly praised by writers. The Gettysburg Address shows an important interpretation of the Declaration of Independence that is still remembered and used. It is widely accepted as one of the most important documents in U.S. history, together with the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. To this day, it is one of the most famous, beloved, and most quoted of modern speeches.



Gabriel Fauré

Gabriel Urbain Fauré (born Pamiers, Ariège, Midi-Pyrénées, May 12, 1845; died Paris, November 4, 1924) was a French composer, organist, pianist, and music teacher. He was the most important French composer of his time. The way he wrote music, especially his harmonies, had a big influence on many 20th century composers. Most French composers at the time became famous by writing operas, but Faure only wrote one opera. His most important works are his French songs, chamber music and piano music. His "Requiem" (which includes a solo, "Pie Jesu", for a treble singer or soprano) is one of the most popular of all requiems and can be performed with quite a small orchestra and choir. Other very popular pieces are his "Berçeuse" from the "Dolly Suite" for piano duet, the "Sicilienne" from the music for "Pelléas et Mélisande", and the song "Après un rêve" which is sometimes also played by a solo instrument, e.g. the cello.

Fauré came from the south of France. He was born into a large family and was sent to live with a foster-nurse for four years. When he was quite small he often played the harmonium at the small chapel attached to the school where his father was director. A blind lady heard him and told his father that he ought to send him to a good music school. His father did not want to at first, but when the boy was nine he was sent to study at the École Niedermeyer in Paris. This was a school which trained young people to become church organists and choir directors. He spent eleven years there and had a good musical education. One of his teachers was the great composer Camille Saint-Saëns.

At first he held several jobs in churches, playing and accompanying the choirs. During the Franco-Prussian War Faure served in the army and did some teaching. When he returned to Paris in October of 1871 he got the job of choir accompanist at a big church in Paris called Saint-Sulpice. He often met up with Saint-Saëns and his friends who included the composers Lalo, Duparc, d’Indy and Chabrier. Several of these musicians, including Fauré himself, formed a music society called Société Nationale de Musique in 1871.

In 1874 Saint-Saëns retired from the church called the Madeleine and Fauré became choirmaster. In the same year he became engaged to Marianne Viardot, daughter of the singer Pauline, but then Marianne broke off the engagement. He travelled to Weimar to hear Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen. Fauré liked Wagner’s music but it did not influence him.

In 1883 Fauré married Marie Fremiet. They had two sons. He had to spent a lot of time earning money by teaching to keep his family and so he did not have much time to compose except during the summer. His publishers did not pay him much money for his compositions.

In 1892 he became inspector of the music conservatories in the French provinces, which meant he no longer had to teach amateur students. In 1896 he finally became chief organist at the Église de la Madeleine. He also became professor of composition at Paris Conservatoire. Here he taught several students who became important French composers, including Maurice Ravel, Nadia Boulanger and Charles Koechlin. In 1905 he became director of the conservatoire.

As he became older he became deaf. High and low pitches sounded muddled to him. He retired from the Conservatoire in 1920 at the age of 75. In that year he received the Grand Cross of the Légion d’Honneur. It was unusual for a musician to have such a high honour. His health became poor, partly because he smoked heavily. He died in Paris from pneumonia in 1924 and was given a state funeral.

Gabriel Fauré is the greatest composer of French art song, or mélodie. He learned a great deal at the École Niedermeyer about how to write beautiful, flowing harmonies. He also studied the church modes. This can be heard in a lot of his music. He wrote several song cycles (groups of songs) including one called "La Bonne Chanson".
Fauré's piano works are mostly short works such as barcarolles, nocturnes and impromptus. They are often full of arpeggiated figures with the melody going from one hand to the other. His chamber works include piano quartets and quintets, a string quartet, a piano trio, two sonatas for violin and piano and two for cello and piano. His "Élégie" for cello and piano is especially well-known. He never showed a great deal of interest in writing for the orchestra. His orchestral works mostly consist of incidental music. His "Requiem" is popular both with amateur and professional choirs.

Music critic

A music critic is someone who writes about concerts that have taken place or new music that has been written. They write reviews about this in newspapers or journals. What they write is called musical criticism.

When people write about the history of music or compare musical styles, this is called musicology. Musical criticism is about what is going on in the musical world at the moment.

Music critics can have a lot of influence on a musician’s success. If a musician gets a bad review people may not bother to go and hear him. If he has a very good review people will think he must be good and they will all want to hear him.

Occasionally it can happen that a new piece of music has such a terrible review that everyone wants to go and hear how terrible it is. They may then find that they like it and the music might become famous. This is called a “succès de scandale” (French for “scandalous success”). Stravinsky’s "Rite of Spring" (1913) is a good example.

Music critics will spend a lot of time listening to music. They often do other jobs with music such as teaching. Some famous music critics include:



Pete Maravich

Peter Press Maravich (June 22, 1947 - January 5, 1988), also known as "Pistol Pete" Maravich, was an American basketball player. He played for Lousisana State University and averaged 44.2 points per game. That is the highest average ever in the history of college basketball. Then Maravich played for ten seasons in the NBA. He played for the Atlanta Hawks, New Orleans Jazz, Utah Jazz, and the Boston Celtics. He once scored 68 points in an NBA game against the New York Knicks.

He was known for his great dribbling, passing and shooting abilities. Maravich died from a heart attack on January 5, 1988.

Maravich's father, Press Maravich, also played in the NBA.


John Batman

John Batman (21 January 1801 – 6 May 1839) was an Australian farmer and businessman who was one of the first white people to live in Melbourne.

Batman was born in Rosehill, Parramatta (part of Sydney), and spent time in Tasmania (then called Van Diemen's Land). In Tasmania he started farming on land the government gave him. He brought more land. During this time, he was involved in conflicts with the Tasmanian Aborigines.

In December 1825, or early 1826, Batman captured the notorious bushranger (a kind of robber), Matthew Brady.

Batman asked to be given land in the Westernport area of Victoria, but the government rejected him. So, in 1835, as a leading member of the Port Phillip Association he sailed for the mainland of Australia in the schooner "Rebecca" and explored much of Port Phillip Bay. Batman made an agreement, now known as Batman's Treaty, with some local Aborigines to rent their land in return for things like knives and flour every year. Probably the Wurundjeri people did not understand the agreement. In any case, the Governor of New South Wales said the agreement was not legal the land was owned by the Government rather than the Aborigines.

Batman became very unhealthy after 1835, and he separated from his wife, convict Elizabeth Callaghan. They had had seven daughters and a son. His son drowned in the Yarra River. In his last months the local Aborigines looked after him.

Batman is remembered by some statues around Melbourne, and is buried in the Fawkner Cemetery, a cemetery named after his fellow colonist John Pascoe Fawkner. There is also a memorial in the Old Melbourne Cemetery.

Melbourne was called Batmania for a very brief time, in 1835, after John Batman.

He was also one of the first Australians to take part in the Common wealth Games 1823.

His direct descendant is Australian sprinter Daniel Batman.




Royal Leamington Spa

Royal Leamington Spa (or "Leamington Spa") is a town in Warwickshire, UK. In 2001 it had a population of 45,300. Until 1784 it was not a town but a village. It was in this year that two local men called Benjamin Satchwell and William Abbott discovered a spring in the village. The two men, and others from the town, began to use the water for treatment of illnesses, which was a common practice in those times. The town quickly developed into a spa town with many rich people visiting to 'take the waters'. Because of this the town grew quickly. The town soon became famous and a popular holiday resort. When spa water stopped being fashionable fewer people came on holiday to the town, but rich people still went to live there when they were old. In modern times Leamington does not treat many people with the water but it is still known as a pleasant place to live. It is also popular for shopping.

The town is built by a river called the River Leam which flows through the middle of the town from east to west. The town is now connected to another town called Warwick. Other nearby settlements include Kenilworth (about six miles away), Rugby (about sixteen miles away) and Coventry (about ten miles away).

The Parade (main street) and surrounding streets feature large Regency town houses which are normally white coloured, vertical sliding windows and high ceilings. Most of the buildings in the centre are protected by the government from being changed or replaced.

Violence

Violence is when someone attacks someone else, often to get them to do something they do not want to do by making them feel pain. Violence can mean anything from one person hitting another to a war between many countries that causes millions of deaths. Different people may see different acts as violent. Laws are created often to control violence.

Violence can be:



Pegnitz

Pegnitz can mean:



Pegnitz River

The Pegnitz is a small river in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

The Pegnitz has its source in the city of the same name at an altitude of 425 m and meets the Rednitz at 283 m northwest of Fürth. From that point on the river is called Regnitz.

The Pegnitz is about 115 km long.

The river is inhabited by numerous ducks, swans, and gulls. 


From source to mouth:


After the big flood in February 1909 the river was shortened by four kilometers within the Nuremberg city limits. Since 1996 planning and actions are progressing trying to lengthen the course of the river between Nuremberg and Fürth again and to shape it in a nature-oriented way.


Palaemon

Palaemon was a minor Greek sea god. He was originally named "Melikertes", son of Ino (Leukothea). He was made a god when his mother, Ino, jumped off of a cliff into the sea while holding him. Legends say that she was trying to get away from Athanas who was made insane by Hera.

William Wordsworth

William Wordsworth (7 April 1770 – 23 April 1850) was an important poet of the Romantic Age in English literature.

Many people think that "The Prelude", an autobiographical poem of his early years is his masterpiece. Wordsworth was England's Poet Laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850. 

Wordsworth was born as second of five children in the Lake District. After the death of his mother in 1778, his father sent him to "Hawkshead" Grammar School. In 1783 his father, a lawyer and a solicitor, died.
Although many aspects of his boyhood were positive, he remembered times of loneliness and anxiety. It took him many years, and much writing, to recover from the death of his parents.

Wordsworth went to "St John's College", Cambridge in 1787. Three years later, in 1790, he visited Revolutionary France and supported the Republican movement, although the Reign of Terror later made him change his mind.(see Prelude book 10) The following year, he graduated from Cambridge.

In November 1791, Wordsworth returned to France and took a walking tour of Europe that included the Alps and Italy. He fell in love with a French woman, Annette Vallon, who in 1792 gave birth to their child, Caroline. Because he was poor and there were tensions between Britain and France, he returned alone to England the next year. But he supported Annette Vallon and his daughter as best he could in later life. War between France and Britain prevented him from seeing Annette and Caroline again for several years. It is likely that Wordsworth would have been depressed during the 1790s.

In 1802 Wordsworth and his sister, Dorothy, visited Annette and Caroline in France.

In 1793 Wordsworth published the poetry collections "An Evening Walk" and "Descriptive Sketches". In 1795 he met Samuel Taylor Coleridge in Somerset. The two poets quickly developed a close friendship. In 1797, Wordsworth and his sister, "Dorothy", moved to Somerset, just a few miles away from Coleridge's home in "Nether Stowey". Together, Wordsworth and Coleridge produced "Lyrical Ballads" (1798), an important work in the English Romantic movement. The to "Lyrical Ballads" is considered a central work of Romantic literary theory. In it, Wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry, one based on the "real language of men" and which avoids the poetic diction of much eighteenth-century poetry. Here, Wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as "the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility."
A fourth and final edition of "Lyrical Ballads" was published in 1805. He wrote a poem about daffodils and the Lake District.

Wordsworth, Dorothy, and Coleridge then traveled to Germany in the autumn of 1798. The main effect on Wordsworth was that he became homesick. But he began to work on the important autobiographical piece "The Prelude". He also wrote a number of famous poems, including "the Lucy poems." He and his sister moved back to England, now to "Dove Cottage" in Grasmere in the Lake District, and this time with the poet Robert Southey nearby. Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey came to be known as the "Lake Poets". Through this period, many of his poems speak of death, endurance, separation, and grief.

In 1802 he married a childhood friend, Mary Hutchinson. Dorothy continued to live with the couple. 

In 1807, his "Poems in Two Volumes" were published, including "Ode: Intimations of Immortality from Recollections of Early Childhood". 

Two of his children, Thomas and Catherine, died in 1812. In 1813 his family, including Dorothy, moved to "Rydal Mount, Ambleside" , where he spent the rest of his life.





Short Parliament

The Short Parliament in English history lasted from April 13 to May 5 1640. It is called "Short" because it only lasted for three weeks.
Charles I of England, who was also king of Scotland, was having problems with the Church of Scotland and war with them was breaking out again. Charles had spent the last 11 years ruling directly, without calling a Parliament even once. He did this because he had little use for elected representatives trying to decide policy. But now with the problems with the Scots, Charles needed money to pay for his war. To get more money for war meant he had to call a Parliament so they could vote on it.
The problem was that the members of Parliament were unhappy about the things he had done since 1629, when he was ruling without them. They wanted to talk about these things instead of giving the king his money.  John Pym, member for Tavistock, gave fiery speeches refusing to give money unless the abuses were talked about. Charles responded by closing the Parliament and sending them home again, and he tried to fight the Scots without the money. But when this did not work and as a result of his defeat had to agree to pay the Scots, he was forced to call Parliament again. This became known as the Long Parliament, and the Constitutional crisis that followed led to the bloody English Civil War.

Pelé

Edson Arantes do Nascimento, more commonly known as just Pelé, (23 October 1940 in Três Corações, Minas Gerais, Brazil – 29 December 2022 in São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian football player. Pelé was the most successful league goal scorer in the world, with 678 league goals. In total, Pelé scored 1283 goals in 1363 games, including unofficial friendlies and tour games. That was listed in the Guinness World Records for most career goals scored in the history of football. He died on the 29th of December, 2022

He was given the title "Football Player of the Century" by FIFA. Many believe that he was the best player in the history of football.

From 1956 to 1974, Pelé played for Santos, had 605 appearances, and scored 1281 goals. From 1975 to 1977, he played for New York Cosmos, when he had 64 appearances, and scored 37 goals. From 1978 to 1980 he played for XI Classic till he retired.

84||34
56||31
140||65

!Total||92||77

In September 2021, Pelé had surgery to remove a tumour on the right side of his colon. He began chemotherapy treatment a few weeks later.



Rain shadow

A rain shadow is an area of land that lies behind a mountain which gets almost no rainfall. This side of a mountainous area is away from the wind. The mountains block the passage of rain-producing weather systems and cast a "shadow" of dryness behind them.

As shown by the diagram to the right, the incoming warm and moist air is drawn by the prevailing winds towards the top of the mountains. As it does so, it cools and condenses, and relief rainfall removes the moisture before it crosses the top. The air, without much moisture left, goes on over the mountains creating a dry side called the "rain shadow". 

Lesson

A lesson in school is a planned period of time for learning. It involves one or more students being taught by a teacher. A "lesson" may be either one section of a textbook or a period of time during which learners are taught about a subject or how to perform an activity. "Lessons" are mostly taught in a classroom but they may take place online, or outside. Not all lessons are for children.
A lesson means someone learning something he did not know before. Such a "lesson" can be either planned or accidental, enjoyable or painful. The slang phrase "to teach someone a "lesson"", means to punish or scold a person for a mistake they have made making sure that he does not make the same mistake again.

Lessons can also be made entertaining. When the term education is combined with entertainment, it is called "edutainment".

Marián Hossa

Marián Hossa (born 12 January 1979, in Stará Ľubovňa, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey right winger. He played a total of 19 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Ottawa Senators, Atlanta Thrashers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Detroit Red Wings, and Chicago Blackhawks. He played in attack, preferably in right-wing. He was considered as one of the fastest skating players of the sport. He wore number 81 on his jersey.

After the 2007-2008 season when his team, the Pittsburgh Penguins, lost to the Detroit Red Wings in the Stanley Cup he switched teams to the Detroit Red Wings because he felt he had a better chance of winning the Stanley Cup with them. When the Penguins again met the Red Wings in the Stanley Cup after the 2008-2009 season, Hossa was once again on the losing team as the Penguins won in 7 games.

Hossa signed a 12-year contract with the Chicago Blackhawks that's worth 62.8 million dollars.

After losing two straight Stanley Cup finals with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Detroit Red Wings, He finally won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010. On June 24, 2013, He won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

Before the 2017–18 season, it was announced that Hossa would miss the entire season because of eczema.

On April 7, 2022, Hossa signed a one-day contract with the Blackhawks and retired from professional ice hockey. On November 20, 2022, the Blackhawks retired Hossa's jersey number #81.

Fashion

Fashion is the form of clothing, accessories, and furniture. It includes the way we wear clothes in a particular time and place. Fashion is also one way we can make ourselves look more attractive.

It is related to culture, but also to weather and to the history of the country we live in. For example, we have warm clothes in the Swedish fashion and we have thin clothes in the African fashion.

Fashion includes clothing, footwear, lifestyle, accessories, makeup, hairstyle, and body posture.

The history of modern fashion design is generally understood to date from 1858 when the English-born Charles Frederick Worth opened the first authentic "haute couture" house in Paris.


The Good Life

The Good Life is the name of several television series, including


South West England

South West England is one of the regions of England. It has the largest area of all regions, and reaches from Gloucestershire and Wiltshire to Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly. This includes the area often known as the West Country, and much of Wessex. The size of the region is shown by the fact that the northern part of Gloucestershire, near Chipping Campden, is as close to the Scottish border as it is to the tip of Cornwall. 

Agriculture and tourism are the important industries of the region. Mining of tin and copper was also formerly very important in Devon and Cornwall. Traditionally, the South West of England has been well known for producing Cheddar cheese, named after Cheddar, Somerset in the Mendip Hills, for Devon cream teas, and for Somerset cider. It is now probably equally well known as the home of the "Eden Project" (in Cornwall), "Aardman Animations", the "Glastonbury festival" (in Somerset), "trip hop" music, Cornwall's seafood restaurants, and surfing beaches. Two National Parks (Dartmoor and Exmoor) and four World Heritage Sites lie in this region.

The official region consists of the following geographic counties and local government areas:



South East England

South East England is one of the nine official regions of England. It was created in 1994. It includes Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, East Sussex, Hampshire, Isle of Wight, Kent, Oxfordshire, Surrey and West Sussex.

Its population as of the 2001 census was 8,000,550, making it the most populous English region. The highest point is Walbury Hill in Berkshire at 297m/974 ft. The major urban areas of the region include Brighton and Hove, Portsmouth, Southampton, and Reading. Settlements closer to London are part of the Greater London Urban Area.

The official region consists of the following subdivisions:


North East England

North-East England is one of the nine official regions of England and includes the combined area of Northumberland, County Durham, Tyne and Wear and a small part of North Yorkshire.

The highest point in the region is The Cheviot, in Northumberland, at 815m and the largest city is Newcastle. Sunderland is the second-largest.
The region is known for its urban centres and for its natural beauty: Northumberland National Park, the region's coastline, its section of the Pennines and Weardale. It also has great historic importance. There are two World Heritage Sites: Durham Cathedral and Hadrian's Wall.

The official region consists of the following subdivisions:

Key: shire county = † | metropolitan county = *


Sussex

Sussex is a historic county in South East England. Its area is more or less the same as that of the ancient Kingdom of Sussex. It is divided for local government into West Sussex and East Sussex and the City of Brighton and Hove. The city of Brighton and Hove became a unitary authority in 1997; and got City status in 2000. Until then Chichester had been Sussex's only city.

Sussex still has a strong local identity and the county's unofficial anthem is "Sussex by the Sea". The county's motto, "We wun't be druv", shows the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries.

Major towns and cities of Sussex include:




Kingdom of Sussex

The Kingdom of Sussex, ("Suth Seaxe", i.e. the South Saxons), was one of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, its area was more or less that of the later county of Sussex. A large part of that district, however, was covered in early times by the forest called Andred. It was ruled by the kings of Sussex.

According to the traditional account given in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, it was in 477 that a certain Ælle led the invaders ashore at a place called "Cymenes ora" and defeated the inhabitants. A further battle at a place called "Mearcredes burne" is recorded under the year 485, and in the annal for 491 we read that Ælle and his son Cissa robbed Anderitum (Pevensey Castle) and killed all the inhabitants. 


Annals

Annals (Latin "Annales", from "annus", a year) are a short form of historical writing which record events chronologically, year by year. 

Cicero ( in "De Oratore", ii. 12. 52) tells that from the earliest period down to the pontificate of "Publius Mucius Scaevola" (c. 131 BC), it was usual for the pontifex maximus to record on a white tablet ("album"), which was exhibited in an open place at his house, so that the people might read it. On this tablet were written down (according to Cicero) the name of the consuls and other magistrates, and then the important events of the year. 

In Cicero's time these records were called "Annales Maximi". The practice of writing annals was carried on by several unofficial writers. Cicero speaks of Cato, Pictor and Piso. 

In the Middle Ages in the Western Church there were written tables to show that date of Easter for a certain number of years or even centuries. These "Paschal tables" were thin books in which each annual date was separated from the next by a more or less considerable blank space. In these spaces some monks wrote down the important events of the year. The writing of these Annals was begun at the end of the 7th century and among the Irish – see the Annals of the Four Masters, the Annals of Ulster, the Annals of Innisfallen and the Annales Cambriae or Annals of Wales, one of the earliest sources for King Arthur. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle is also in annalistic, year-by-year form. 

In the 9th century, during the "Carolingian Renaissance", these Annals became the usual form of contemporary history. There were the "Annales Einhardi", the "Annales Laureshamenses" (or "of Lorsch"), and the "Annales S. Bertini". They were written officially in order to preserve the memory of the more interesting acts of Charlemagne, his ancestors and his successors. At this stage, the Annals now began to lose their primitive character, and became more and more Chronicles. But the term was still used for many documents, such as the Annals of Waverley.

Cicero

Marcus Tullius Cicero (3 January 106 BC – 7 December 43 BC) was a Roman statesman, consul, lawyer, political theorist and philosopher. He is often thought to be one of Rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.

His Latin is thought to be the model of Classical Latin. He introduced Greek philosophy to the Romans.

Cicero was heavily involved in the politics of the Roman Republic. After Julius Caesar's death, Cicero became an enemy of Mark Antony. In the power struggle, Cicero attacked Antony in a series of speeches. Cicero was proscribed as an enemy of the state by the Second Triumvirate. He was executed in 43 BC by soldiers working for the Triumvirate.




Heavyweight

In boxing, the term heavyweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight. Usually a heavyweight is a boxer who weighs more than 200 lbs (91kg). Below 200 is cruiserweight. A few organizations classify differently. In the late 20th century boxing organizations created many divisions so that fighters could fight people of the same size. This allows making more champions thus more profit. Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs. Before the 1960s there were 8 divisions.

The first heavyweight champion under modern rules was John L. Sullivan. Famous heavyweight champions have included Jack Dempsey, Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano, Muhammad Ali, Larry Holmes, Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield, Vitali Klitshko, Tyson Fury and Lennox Lewis.

Genealogy

Genealogy is the study of family history. It is the study of family relationships and ancestry (parents, grandparents, great-grandparents, etc.). It is a popular hobby in the United States and in many other countries.

Some people show their family history using a family tree. A family tree is a diagram of the members of a family. With a family tree you use lines to show how people are related, for example, people who are married or have children. 

Some people keep track of their family history data in a genealogy database on their computer. Examples of data that a person would save are dates and places of births, marriages, and deaths. Other information that might be saved are records of military service, census records which show where ancestors lived at a certain time, immigration data, education, occupations, and even photos of the ancestors. The person building the database can usually decide to save many kinds of data—news articles, stories that were told in the family (oral history), information on religious ceremonies, wills or inheritances, information from family letters, customs, or how world or local events affected the family. The advantages of using a genealogy database are that it helps to keep the data organized, especially when relationships change; it can generate several types of charts or tables with the data filled in; it may make it easier to share data with others; and it takes up less room than paper and notebooks.

People study genealogy (family history) for many reasons. 

Niels Bohr

Niels Bohr (7 October 1885 18 November 1962) was a Danish physicist who helped discover quantum physics, the structure of the atom, and the atomic bomb. Bohr was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1922 for, discovering the quantization of atomic energy levels. He worked on the Manhattan Project. He married Margrethe Nørlund in 1912. One of his sons was Aage Bohr, who was also an important physicist. Aage won in 1975 his own Nobel prize. Niels Bohr worked also with Albert Einstein. He is also considered one of the most important physicists of the 20th century. 

Niels Henrik David Bohr, or Niels Bohr was born in Copenhagen, Denmark,1885 as the son of Christian Bohr, who was also professor of physiology at the University of Copenhagen. Bohr's mother was Ellen Adler Bohr and was Jewish with a rich family of bankers and politicians. Niels was also the brother of Harald Bohr. Bohr was a mathematician, a physicist, and a football player of the national team. 

In 1903 Bohr began studies of philosophy and mathematics at the Copenhagen University. 

In 1905 the Royal Danish Academy of Science organized a competition. Niels Bohr participated with some experiments in surface tension. He used the laboratory of his father in the university, because he knew it since he was a boy. 

His work won the prize. For this reason, he decided to stop the studies of philosophy and mathematics and changed to physics. 

He received his doctorate in 1911. 

Bohr did experiments in the Trinity College in Cambridge under the direction of J.J. Thomson. After it, he went to the University of Manchester under the direction of Ernest Rutherford. On the basis of the theories of Rutherford, he published his theory of electrons. He introduces the theory of electrons traveling in orbits around the nucleus of the atom in 1913 and the chemical properties of the orbit.

He introduced the idea that an electron can drop from a higher energy orbit to a lower one. Then it can emit a photon of discrete energy. This is the basis of quantum theory. 

Niels Bohr and his wife Margrethe Nørlund Bohr had four sons. Their oldest died in a tragic boating accident and another died from childhood meningitis. The others went on to lead successful lives, including Aage Bohr, who became a very successful physicist and, like his father, won a Nobel Prize in physics, in 1975.

British actor Kenneth Branagh played Bohr in the 2023 Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer".

Świnoujście

Świnoujście () is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland, with about 42,000 people (). It is on the Swina river, which flows into the Baltic Sea. In Świnoujście is the largest and longest beach in Poland. Świnoujście is also a health resort and has a modern harbour.

The port can handle of dry bulk and general cargo (especially coal, ore and chemical materials).

The ferry terminal (run by the Polish Baltic Shipping Company) provides ferry berths and facilities for passenger services to Sweden and Denmark. There are lines to Malmo in Sweden, Copenhagen and Ronne (Bornholm) in Denmark.

There are also facilities for deep-sea fishing, fish processing, and ship repair services.


Sky Odyssey

Sky Odyssey (or The Sky Odyssey in Japan) is an action/adventure flight simulator (or flight videogame) for the SonyPlayStation 2. It was made by Cross, published by Activision and was sold in store’s in the year 2000.

The games story is a Indiana Jones-like adventure in which the person playing the game flies an airplane in a fictional (or not real) world collecting very old objects as well as pieces of a map.

The game's music was made by Kō Ōtani, who also made the music for "Shadow of the Colossus", different types of "Gamera" films, and many other anime.

It is one of the few videogames that you can fly the Japanese Shinden and Shinden Kai, the Shinden is the airplane shown on the game's box.


Landform

A landform is a word that describes a form of land. Each type of landform is defined by its size, shape, location, and what it is made of. The scientific study of landform is called geomorphology.



Landforms that are related to flowing water.


Landforms made by erosion and weathering usually occur in coastal or fluvial areas, and many are listed under those headings. Some other erosion landforms that are not listed in those categories include:


Piri Reis map

The Piri Reis map is a map of the world drawn on a parchment of gazelle skin by a Turk named Piri Reis (Hadji Muhiddin Piri Ibn Hadji Mehmed) in 1513. This map has been used to support claims for a pre-modern exploration of Antarctica.

Shadow of the Colossus

Shadow of the Colossus is a Japanese-made action-adventure video game made and sold by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI) for the PlayStation 2. The game was sold in North America and Japan in October 2005, and was then sold in Europe and Oceania in February 2006. The game was made by SCEI's International Production Studio 1, the same video game makers that made the game Ico.

The game is about a person called Wander, a young man who must travel across a large area on a horse and destroy sixteen giant creatures called the colossi to bring back the life of a dead girl. The game is not a normal action-adventure type of game because there are no towns or dungeons to explore, no characters to talk to, and no enemies to destroy other than the colossi. Shadow of the Colossus has been described as a puzzle game, because each colossus has a weakness which must be found and somehow used to defeat the colossi.

A remake game title "Shadow of the Colossus" (2018) released for PlayStation 4.

Verbandsgemeinde

A Verbandsgemeinde (plural Verbandsgemeinden) is an administrative unit unique to the German Bundeslands (federal states) of Rhineland-Palatinate and, since 2009, Saxony-Anhalt.

There are 163 Verbandsgemeinden in Rhineland-Palatinate, which are grouped into the 24 districts and subdivided into nearly 2200 Ortsgemeinden. 
Most of these Verbandsgemeinden were established in 1969. Formerly the name of the administrative units was "Amt". Most of the functions of municipal government for several villages are consolidated and administered centrally from a larger or more central village among the group, while the individual villages (Ortsgemeinden) still maintain a limited degree of local autonomy.

The 24 districts:

Osburg

Osburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is near Trier. As of 31 December 2018, 2,422 people lived there.


Farschweiler

Farschweiler is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 802 people lived there.


Requiem

A Requiem (or Requiem Mass) is a Eucharist service in the Roman Catholic Church to pray for the repose of the soul of someone who has died. There are special words for a Requiem Mass. They are in Latin. The best-known part of the Requiem Mass starts with the words “Requiem aeternam dona eis, Domine” (“Give them eternal rest, O Lord”). This is why it is called a “Requiem”.

Many composers throughout the centuries have composed music to these words. The word “Requiem” can mean a piece of music which sets the words of the Requiem Mass.

Celebration of the Eucharist to pray for people who have died goes back at least as far as the 2nd century.

In the Middle Ages the words of the Requiem Mass were sung to Gregorian chant.

In the Renaissance church music was generally polyphonic. This sort of music, which has several voices weaving in and out of one another, is the kind of music used at the time for requiems. The composer Johannes Ockeghem is an example of a composer who wrote such music.

Polyphonic settings of the Requiem Mass continued during the Baroque period (17th and early 18th centuries), even though other musical forms (e.g. opera) had developed a much more modern style.

The most famous Requiem from the 18th century is the one by Mozart. Many musicians think it was one of the greatest pieces of music ever written. It was left unfinished when Mozart died.

In the 19th century many composers wrote Requiems. Most of these were written for performance at concerts, not for church services, but they still used the Latin words of the Roman Catholic Requiem Mass.

Luigi Cherubini wrote a Requiem in C minor for the annual remembering of the execution of Louis XVI. He wrote another Requiem in D minor, which he wrote for himself. It was performed at his own funeral.

Giuseppe Verdi wrote a very exciting "Messa da Requiem" (1874) which sounds very operatic. Verdi rearranged some of the text (words) of the traditional Requiem Mass.

Bruckner, Saint-Saëns and Dvořák all wrote requiems.

Brahms wrote a work which he called "Ein Deutsches Requiem" ("A German Requiem"). It is unusual because, instead of setting the traditional Latin words, he took some words from the German translation of the Bible.

In 1888 Gabriel Fauré wrote a Requiem which uses an orchestra without violins except for a solo violin in the movement called “Sanctus”. In 1900 he made some changes and added an important baritone solo.

In the 20th century many composers continued to write Requiems. The most famous one is Britten’s "War Requiem" (1961). Secular Anglican non Roman The message of this work is that war is cruel and pointless. Britten uses the Latin words of the Requiem Mass, but also some English poems by Wilfred Owen who was killed in the First World War. The baritone and tenor soloists who sing these English words represent the German and the English soldiers. The work was written for Coventry Cathedral which had been rebuilt after the old cathedral had been totally destroyed in World War II.

For example, Mozart's Requiem follows this. In his requiem, the Lux aeterna (written by someone else) is the same as the Introitus, with different words.

Some musical examples:

This sequence was fixed by the Council of Trent in the 16th century. It was slightly modified in the Second Vatican Council.


Middle C

Middle C is the musical note C that is in the middle of the piano keyboard. It is not perfectly in the middle of the keyboard, but very nearly. When you compare all the Cs in the piano, it is the one nearest to the middle.

When writing Middle C in music notation, it is below the stave when using the treble clef and just above the stave when using the bass clef. This is shown in the first and last notes of the musical example below. The Middle C sits on a ledger line (an extension of the stave written just for one note).

On the piano the Middle C key is C4. 

When starting to learn the piano, most books make their easiest pieces start on Middle C. This is because the right hand can then play tunes using 5 notes (C to G) using white notes only (no sharps or flats). It is also easy to recognize Middle C in notation. It is also a help to find the correct place to sit at the piano (Middle C is opposite the player's "middle" (tummy)). One problem can be that young children learning the piano may think that all pieces start on Middle C. Pieces can start anywhere on the keyboard.

Middle C is the lowest note of the flute. It is a fairly low note for a child or woman to sing, but a fairly high note for a man to sing.

Middle C vibrates at 262 Hz.

Principality

A principality (sometimes also called princedom) is a country or territory which is ruled by a sovereign prince or princess. Principalities were common in the Middle Ages. Principalities tend to have quite a small territory. 

There are currently three countries which are principalities: Andorra, Monaco and Liechtenstein.


Many states of the Holy Roman Empire were small principalities with their own royal families. 

In modern Europe, there are some cases where the heir to the throne of a country holds the title "Prince of...", followed by the name of a significant region of the country. This mostly has some historical meaning.


Some states claim to be principalities but are not recognised by other countries: Sealand (a Sea Fort off the English coast), Seborga (a small town in Italy), the Principality of Hutt River in Australia and the Principality of Minerva in the Pacific. These states are examples of micronations.

Sometimes the word is also used to mean dependent territories in Africa, Asia and India, pre-Columbian America and Oceania. For these, the word princely states is generally preferred, especially if they came under the authority of a European colonial power.

Vlad the Impaler

Vlad III, commonly known as Vlad the Impaler ( ) or Vlad Dracula (; ; November 14311476/77), was Prince of Wallachia three times between 1448 and his death in 1476/77. He is often considered one of the most important rulers in Wallachian history and a national hero of Romania.

In the English-speaking world, Vlad is best known for the legends of his cruelty. These legends gave Bram Stoker the idea for his main character in the popular "Dracula" novel.

Wallachia was placed between the Kingdom of Hungary and the Ottoman Empire. The Turks were fighting against the Kingdom of Hungary led by John Hunyadi and this made Wallachia a battle ground between Turks and Hungarians. The rulers of Wallachia were chosen by the Romanian aristocrats, called boyars. The ruler was often from a noble house, sometimes an illegitimate prince born outside of marriage. The country rulers were struggling with each other, and this was resulting in instability, family disputes and murders.

Vlad the Impaler was born in 1431. His father was Vlad II Dracul. His mother is unknown. Vlad II was married to princess Cneajna of Moldavia. He had several mistresses. Vlad III was raised by Cneajna with the help of her household. He had two brothers, Mircea born c. 1430 and Radu born 1435. He also had a half-brother, Vlad the Monk born around 1425-1430.

Vlad II went to the court of Holy Roman Emperor, Sigismund of Luxemburg as a young man. Sigismund was supporting Vlad II for the throne of Wallachia, and made Vlad II knight 1431 of the Order of the Dragon ("Societas Draconis" in Latin).

The oldest brother, probably named Mircea, was sent by Vlad II to fight the war against the Turks in 1444. This war called the Battle of Varna was lost. Mircea and his father died in 1447.

Vlad's half-brother. Vlad the Monk was waiting in Transylvania for a chance to rule Wallachia. Vlad the Monk was a monk until he became prince of Wallachia in 1482.

Radu, known as Radu III the Fair or Radu the Handsome, the youngest brother, was also Vlad’s most important rival as he continuously tried to replace Vlad on the throne.

From his first marriage, Vlad the Impaler (or Vlad III) had a son, later prince of Wallachia, as Mihnea the Evil. His first wife, whose name we do not know, died during the war 1462. Vlad III the Impaler was fighting against the Turks. The legend says that the Turkish army surrounded Vlad's castle, the Poienari Castle, led by his brother Radu the Handsome. Vlad's wife threw herself off the tower into the Argeş River below the castle. According to legend she remarked that she "would rather have her body be eaten by the fish of the Argeş than be captured by the Turks."
Vlad had another two sons with his second wife Ilona Szilágyi a fraternal cousin of King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary. Some historians strongly believe they may have also had a daughter named Maria Zaleska (Princess Zaleska).

Vlad was very likely born in the city of Sighişoara in Transylvania, then a part of the Kingdom of Hungary, during the winter of 1431. Sighişoara was a military fortress at that time. He was born as the second son to his father Vlad Dracul. He had an older brother, Mircea, and a younger brother, Radu the Handsome. Although his native country was Wallachia, the family lived in exile in Transylvania because his father had been chased away by pro-Ottoman boyars.

Vlad's father was pressured by the (Turkish) Ottoman sultan. He gave a promise to be the vassal of the Sultan and gave up his two younger sons as hostages so that he would keep his promise.

Vlad suffered much at the hands of the Ottomans, and was locked up in an underground prison; however, his younger brother, Radu, caught the eye of the sultan's son. Radu was released and converted to Islam, and he was allowed into the Ottoman royal court.

These years had a great influence on Vlad. They shaped Vlad's character. He was often whipped and beaten by the Turks for being stubborn and rude. He developed a well-known hatred for Radu and for Mehmed, who would later become the sultan.

Vlad's father and Vlad's older brother, Mircea, were dead at this point. The Turks invaded Wallachia and the Sultan put Vlad III on the throne as his puppet ruler. His rule at this time was short; Hunyadi invaded Wallachia and chased him away the same year. Vlad fled to Moldavia and was put under the protection of his uncle, Bogdan II.

Bogdan was assassinated. Vlad took a chance and fled to Hungary. Impressed by Vlad's knowledge of the Ottoman Empire, Hunyadi pardoned him and took him in as an adviser. Later, Hunyadi made him the Kingdom of Hungary's candidate for the throne of Wallachia.

In 1456, Hungary invaded Serbia to chase away the Turks, and at the same time Vlad III invaded Wallachia. Both invasions were successful. Hunyadi suddenly died of the plague. Vlad became prince of Wallachia.

Vlad was spending most of his time at the court of the city of Târgovişte. He made laws, met foreign ambassadors, judged in trials. He reinforced some castles and probably enjoyed hunting with his friends.
The constant state of war since the death of his grandfather, Mircea the Elder, in 1418, led to increased crime levels and less agricultural production. Trade had almost disappeared in Wallachia.

Vlad tried to solve these problems with severe methods. He needed an economically stable country.

Vlad wanted to eliminate all threats to his power, mainly the rival nobility groups, such as the boyars. This was done mainly by killing them and reducing the their economic role. The Wallachian nobility had connections with the Saxon merchants. The Saxons lived in the free towns of Transylvania, making trade flourish. Vlad cut their towns trade privileges with Wallachia, and started war against them.

Vlad gave key positions in the Prince’s Council to people of lower rank who were loyal to him. Vlad preferred to knight men from the free peasants.
Vlad III was always on guard against the Dăneşti clan. Some of his attacks into Transylvania may have been efforts to kill or capture Dăneşti princes. Several members of the Dăneşti clan died at Vlad's hands. Rumors say that thousands of citizens of the free towns that sheltered his rivals were impaled by Vlad. One captured Dăneşti prince was forced to read his own funeral speech while he kneeled at an open grave before his execution.

There was a war between the Ottoman Empire and the Hungarian Kingdom. Following family traditions, Vlad decided to side with the Hungarians. To the end of the 1450s there was once again talk about a war against the Turks, in which the king of Hungary, Matthias Corvinus would play the main role. Knowing this, Vlad stopped paying money to the Ottomans in 1459, and at around 1460, he made a new alliance with Corvinus. The Turks did not like this and tried to remove him from power but they failed. In the winter of 1461 Vlad attacked and devastated the area between Serbia and the Black Sea, leaving over 20,000 people dead.

In response to this, the Sultan Mehmed II headed towards Wallachia with an army of 60,000 men in the spring of 1462. With his army of 20,000-30,000 men Vlad was not able to stop the Turks from entering Wallachia. The Turks occupied the capital Târgovişte (June 4, 1462) and chased Vlad away. Vlad was hiding and made small attacks on the Turks. On the night of June 16 Vlad and some of his men entered the main Turkish camp, wearing Turkish clothing, and attempted to kill Mehmed. Later the Turkish army retired and left Vlad’s brother, Radu the Handsome, as the new ruler prince.
Radu the Handsome gathered support from the nobility and Vlad fled to Hungary.
In August 1462 Radu made a deal with the Hungarian Crown.

Vlad was living in exile because he was afraid of the boyars of Wallachia. Vlad escaped to Hungary but he was put in prison there. The exact time of Vlad's captivity is not known for sure. Apparently his imprisonment was not too dangerous. He was able to gradually win his way back into the favor of King Matthias. He was able to meet and marry a member of the royal family (the cousin of King Matthias). However, some do not believe that it was likely to happen that a prisoner was permitted to marry into the royal family.

He had two sons with his new wife. Vlad also became a member of the Roman Catholic Church. Diplomatic letters and writings from Buda during this time show that Vlad's actual period of imprisonment was short.

The openly pro-Turkish policy of Vlad's brother, Radu was probably a cause in Vlad's good treatment while in prison. It is interesting to note that the Russian texts, normally very favorable to Vlad Ţepeş, tells that even in captivity he could not give up his favorite games; he often captured birds and mice which he tortured and mutilated, and some were impaled on tiny spears.

The years before his final release in 1474 (when he began making plans for the reconquest of Wallachia), Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital. His sons were about ten years old when he reconquered Wallachia in 1476.

Around 1475 Vlad and Stefan Báthory of Transylvania invaded Wallachia with a mixed force of Transylvanians, some dissatisfied Wallachian boyars, and Moldavians sent by Prince Stephen III of Moldavia, Vlad's cousin. Vlad's brother, Radu the Handsome, died a couple of years earlier and had been replaced on the Wallachian throne by another Turkish candidate, Prince Basarab the Elder, a member of the Dăneşti clan. When Vlad's army arrived, Prince Basarabs army fled, some to the Turks, others in the mountains. After placing Vlad Ţepeş on the throne, Stephen Báthory and his forces returned to Transylvania, leaving Vlad in a very weak position. Vlad had little time to get support before a large Turkish army entered Wallachia to put back Prince Basarab on the throne. Vlad's cruelties over the years made the boyars to believe that they had a better chance to survive under Prince Basarab. Even the peasants, tired of the cruelty of Vlad, abandoned him. Vlad had to meet the Turks with the small forces at his disposal, which were made up of less than four thousand men.

There are several variants of Vlad III the Impaler's death. Some sources say he was killed in battle against the Turks near Bucharest in December 1476. Others say he was killed by disloyal Wallachian boyars in the war against the Turks, or during a hunt. Others believe Vlad was killed in the war, surrounded by the bodies of his loyal Moldavian bodyguards. Still other reports claim that Vlad was accidentally killed by one of his own men. Vlad's body was decapitated by the Turks and his head was sent to Istanbul preserved in honey. The sultan had it displayed on a stake as proof that "Kazıklı Bey" was dead. The exact place of his grave is unknown.

Tales and legends about Vlad stayed a part of folklore among the Romanian peasants. By constant retelling they have become confused and created an ideal picture of a big national hero. Among the Romanian peasants, Vlad Ţepeş was sometimes remembered as a prince who defended his country.

But sometimes he is remembered as a very cruel and often capricious ruler. There are several events that are common to all tales.
One tale is about foreign ambassadors whom Vlad Ţepeş was meeting at Târgovişte. All versions agree that Vlad, in response to some real or imagined insult, (perhaps because they refused to remove the hats in Vlad's presence), had their hats nailed to their heads.

A good description of Vlad Dracula survives, courtesy of Nicholas of Modrussa, who wrote:
"He was not very tall, but very stocky and strong, with a cruel and terrible appearance, a long straight nose, distended nostrils, a thin and reddish face in which the large wide-open green eyes were enframed by bushy black eyebrows, which made them appear threatening. His face and chin were shaven but for a moustache. The swollen temples increased the bulk of his head. A bull's neck supported the head, from which black curly locks were falling to his wide-shouldered person."
His famous portrait was rediscovered in the late 1800s, in the gallery of horrors at Innsbruck's Ambras Castle.

Vlad III Ţepeş has been described as very cruel. The old Romanian word for dragon is Dracul, which in modern Romanian means "devil". In Old Romanian, it means "dragon". Dracul was the name given to his father, Vlad II, by other members of the Order of the Dragon. Impalement was Ţepeş's preferred method of torture and execution. His method of torture was a horse attached to each of the victim's legs while sharpened stake was forced into the body. Vlad often had the stakes arranged in patterns. The most common pattern was a ring outside of a city that was his target. The height of the spear indicated the rank of the victim. The corpses were often left there for months.

One tale says 10,000 were impaled in the Transylvanian city of Sibiu (where Vlad the Impaler had once lived) in 1460. Another tale says that on Saint Bartholomew's Day (in August), Vlad the Impaler had 30,000 people of the free Transylvanian city of Braşov impaled. One of the most famous woodcuts of the period shows Vlad the Impaler feasting amongst a forest of stakes outside Braşov, while a nearby executioner cuts apart other victims. Impalement was not his only method of torture. Other methods include nails in heads, cutting off limbs, strangulation, burning, cutting off noses and ears, mutilation of sexual organs (especially in the case of women), scalping, skinning, exposure to the elements or to animals, and boiling alive.

His victims included women, children, peasants, great lords, ambassadors from foreign powers and merchants. However, the vast majority of his European victims came from the merchants and boyars of Transylvania and Wallachia. Most of the merchants there were German-speaking Saxons who were seen as bad people because they were not Romanian. He saw the boyars as people who were not loyal (Vlad's own father and older brother were murdered by boyars).

Almost as soon as he came to power, he gave a party for his boyars and their families to celebrate Easter. These nobles were part of the conspiracy around his father's death. Vlad, to avenge his father's death, had all the assembled nobles arrested. The older boyars were impaled on the spot. The younger nobles and their families were marched north from Târgovişte to the ruins of the Poienari Castle in the mountains above the Argeş River. The boyars and their families were forced to work for months rebuilding the old castle. According to the reports, they worked until the clothes fell off their bodies, and then were forced to continue working naked. Very few survived the building of Vlad's castle.

Vlad Ţepeş is also believed to have tortured and impaled some of the Turkish forces. It was reported that an invading Ottoman army turned back when they saw thousands of rotting corpses impaled on the banks of the river Danube. In 1462, Mehmed II returned to Constantinople after being sickened by the sight of 20,000 impaled corpses outside of Vlad's capital of Târgovişte. Many of the victims were Turkish prisoners of war.

Much of the information we have about Vlad III Ţepeş comes from texts published in the Holy Roman Empire in German texts from 1488 and books written in Russian. These were entertainment in a society where the printing press was new. The texts were reprinted over the thirty years following Vlad's death. The German texts said Vlad Ţepeş was a person who terrorized the land and killed innocents. The Russian texts said his actions were justified, because Vlad helped them. The texts agree on some details.

According to the texts, he was particularly cruel against women and wanted his people to work hard. Merchants who cheated their customers were likely to be killed because of that.

The fictional vampire in the novel "Dracula" by Bram Stoker was inspired by the legends of this Wallachian prince. The cruel person of the Impaler was a suitable character for Stoker's purposes possibly combined with Oscar Wilde, a poet whom dated Stoker's wife and was outed as homosexual near the making of Stoker's famous novel. The events of Vlad's life happened in a region of the world that was still medieval in Stoker's time.

Although there were vampire tales originating elsewhere, the vampire, as he became known in Europe, largely originated in Southern Slavic and Greek folklore. The vampire tale is virtually absent in Romanian culture. Vampirism became part of the popular culture in Europe beginning in the late 17th century. Philosophers in the West began to study the phenomenon. It was during this period that Dom Augustine Calmet wrote a famous text on vampirism in Hungary. It was also during this period that authors and playwrights first began to explore the vampire legend. Stoker's novel was a work in a long series of works that were inspired by the reports coming from the Balkans.



Fertile Crescent

The Fertile Crescent is a historical region in the Middle East that includes the Levant, Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt. These countries on a map together have a shape that is similar to a crescent, so archaeologist James Henry Breasted spoke of the "Fertile Crescent" because he wanted to show the similarities of the cultures of this region in ancient times.

All these lands are watered by important rivers: Nile, Jordan, Euphrates and Tigris. Together they cover some 400-500,000 square kilometers, and the region extends from the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea around the north of the Syrian Desert and through the Jazirah and Mesopotamia to the Persian Gulf. These areas are in present-day Egypt, Israel, West Bank, Gaza strip, and Lebanon and parts of Jordan, Syria, Iraq, south-eastern Turkey and south-western Iran. The population of the Nile River basin is about 70 million, the Jordan River basin about 20 million, and the Tigris and Euphrates basins about 30 million, giving the present-day Fertile Crescent a total population of around 120 million, or at least a quarter of the population of the Middle East.

The Fertile Crescent has a very long record of past human activity.


Crescent

In art and symbolism, a crescent is generally the shape produced when a circular disk has a segment of another circle removed from its edge, so that what remains is a shape enclosed by two circular arcs of different diameters which intersect at two points (usually in such a manner that the enclosed shape does not include the center of the original circle). 

The crescent was long used as the symbol of Byzantium. Now it is the main symbol for the religion Islam.


Crescent (disambiguation)

Crescent is a shape, form or symbol.

Crescent may also refer to:

The Levant

The Levant is a term in geography that refers to an area in the Middle East. It includes the historic areas of Lebanon, Jordan, Israel, Palestine, and Syria. 

The Levant is bounded by the Taurus Mountains to the north, the Mediterranean Sea to the west, the northern Arabian Desert to the south and Upper Mesopotamia to the east. 
The word "Levant" entered the English language in the 16th century, together with the first English merchant adventurers in the region. English ships appeared in the Mediterranean in the 1570s and the English merchant company signed its agreement ("capitulations") with the Grand Turk in 1579 (Braudel).

Today, the word "Levant" is usually used by archaeologists and historians who are talking about the prehistory and the ancient and medieval history of the region, as when discussing the Crusades. The term is also used sometimes to refer to modern or contemporary events, peoples, states, or parts of states in the same region, such as Israel, Palestine, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria.





Levant (disambiguation)

Levant may be:


Jordan River

The Jordan River ( ', ') is a river in Southwest Asia that flows through the Great Rift Valley into the Dead Sea. Many people think it is one of the world's most sacred rivers.

It is long. Its tributaries are:

The four rivers join to form the Jordan in northern Israel, near kibbutz Sede Nehemya. The Jordan drops quickly in a 75 kilometer run to Lake Hula, which is a little below sea level in the Galilee sea. Then it drops much more in about 25 kilometers to the Sea of Galilee. The last section has less gradient, and the river begins to twist before it enters the Dead Sea, which is about 400 meters below sea level and has no outlet. Two major tributaries enter this last section from the east: the Yarmouk River and Jabbok River.

In 1964, Israel began operating a dam that takes water from the Sea of Galilee, a major Jordan River water provider, to the national water carrier. Also in 1964 Jordan built a channel that takes water from the Yarmouk River, a main tributary of the Jordan River. This caused great damage to the ecosystem. Syria has also built reservoirs that catch the Yarmouk's waters.

In modern times, 70% to 90% of the waters is used for human purposes and the flow is much smaller. Because of this, and the high evaporation rate of the Dead Sea, the sea is shrinking. All the shallow waters of the southern end of the sea have been drained in modern times, and are now salt flats.

The water from the Jordan is a very important resource to the dry lands of the area. It is a source of conflict between Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Israel and Palestine.

In the Hebrew Bible, the Jordan is referred to as the source of fertility to a large plain ("Kikkar ha-Yarden"), called "the garden of God" (Genesis 13:10). There is no regular description of the Jordan in the Bible.
The New Testament states that John the Baptist baptized Jesus in the Jordan (Matt. 3:13).

The Jordan is a frequent symbol in folk, gospel, and spiritual music, or in poetic or literary works.

Because the Israelites made a difficult journey from slavery in Egypt to freedom in "The Promised Land", the Jordan can be a symbol of freedom. The actual crossing is the final step of the journey, which is then complete. Also, the Jordan can mean death itself, with the crossing from life into Paradise or Heaven.


Jordan River (disambiguation)

Jordan River could mean:

Asia:

Australia:

Canada:

England:

New Zealand:

United States:

History of Islam

Muslim history began in Arabia when Muhammad recited the Quran in the 7th century. The historical development of Islam has affected political, economic, and military trends both inside and outside the Islamic world.

As with Christianity, the concept of an "Islamic world" is useful when one looks at different periods of human history.

After Muhammad died, the Arab Muslim leadership was assumed by Abu Bakr. He was followed by Umar, Uthman ibn Affan, Ali, and Mu'awiya I, who established the Umayyad Caliphate. Under these caliphs, Islam became one of the most important religions in the world. Under Umar, more than two thirds of the Eastern Roman Empire was conquered by the Arab Muslims. Umar also started the Muslim calendar. The Arab Islamic empire reached its largest geographical extent under the Umayyad Caliphate.

The first civil war in Islam, also known as the "First Fitna" broke out in Islam during the rule of the fourth caliph Ali and lasted throughout his caliphate. The third caliph Uthman ibn Affan had been murdered by rebel Muslim groups who had political motives. After Ali took over, the most important problem he faced was that of punishing those responsible for murder. However many people felt that before accepting the position of the caliph, Ali should have focused his attention on finding and punishing the murderers. A group of people led by Muhammad's wife Aisha, her brothers in law Talhah and Zubair ibn al-Awam refused to recognize Ali's caliphate. They instead raised an army which met Ali's army at Basra in Iraq, originally for the purposes of negotiations. In the night, some fighting broke out, probably out of confusion or due to rebel groups who were involved in the infamous murder. This led to the "Battle of Bassorah" (also known as "Battle of the Camel") in which Ali's party emerged victorious. Aisha was escorted back to Medina honorably after the battle by Ali.

This battle however did not entirely finish the tension in the Muslim empire. Ali was soon challenged by Muawiyah, the governor of the Muslim provinces of Syria. He too raised the issue of punishing Uthman's murderers and refused to acknowledge Ali as caliph until the issue had been solved. Muawiyah was a kinsman of Uthman and his army pledged to bring to justice the murderers and those who sheltered them. This reference to people who are sheltering the murderers was towards Ali and his followers. Accordingly, the two groups met and fought a battle, called the "Battle of Siffin". This battle ended in a draw and so both groups decided on arbitration which also did not lead to any concrete decision. Another group of Muslims, "The Kharijites" who had previously been with Ali, meanwhile rejected him because they felt that he was not following true Islam and conducting business over the caliphate as if it were his own property.

In the following years Ali's governors could not prevent his losing provinces to Muawiyah who increased his strength by further expanding his army. Ali had shifted the capital of the caliphate from Medina to Kufa in 656. He was killed by a Kharijite assassin in Kufa in 661.

History of Christianity

The history of the Christian religion and the Christian church began with Jesus and his apostles, twelve disciples (students) of Jesus Christ for a mission. Christianity is the religion that is based on the birth, life, death, resurrection and teaching of Jesus Christ.

Christianity began in the 1st century CE after Jesus died and was resurrected. Starting as a small group of Jewish people in Judea, it spread quickly throughout the Roman Empire. Despite early persecution of Christians, it later became the state religion. In the Middle Ages it spread into Northern Europe and Russia. During the Age of Exploration, Christianity expanded throughout the world; it is currently the largest religion of the world.

The religion had schisms and theological disputes that had as result four main branches: the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox churches, Oriental Orthodoxy and Protestant churches.

Most of the first Christians were ethnically Jewish or Jewish proselytes. An early difficulty came from non-Jewish converts. There was the question if they had to "become Jewish" before becoming Christian. The decision of St. Peter, was that they did not, and the matter was further addressed with the Council of Jerusalem.

The doctrines of the apostles brought the Early Church into conflict with some Jewish religious authorities, and this eventually led to the martyrdom of SS. Stephen and James the Great and expulsion from the synagogues. Thus, Christianity got an identity distinct from Judaism. The name "Christian" (Greek ) was first used for the disciples in Antioch, as recorded in (Acts 11:26).

Sources for the beliefs of the apostolic community include the Gospels and New Testament Epistles. The very earliest reports are in these texts: early Christian creeds and hymns and reports about the Passion, the empty tomb, and appearances of Jesus after his Resurrection. There are reasons to suppose that they were written within a few years of the crucifixion of Jesus and came from the Jerusalem Church.

Christianity kept many practices from Jewish tradition. Christianity thought the Jewish scriptures to be sacred and used mostly the Septuagint translation of the Torah (the first five books of the Old Testament), the Hebrew Prophets and Writings (the rest of the Old Testament books), and added other texts as the New Testament. Christians professed Jesus to be the God of Israel, having taken human form, and considered Jesus to be the Messiah (Christ) who had been prophesied about in the Old Testament and so was expected by the people of Israel.

Christianity continued many Judaic practices: liturgical worship, including the use of incense, an altar, a set of scriptural readings adapted from synagogue practice, use of sacred music in hymns and prayer, and a religious calendar, as well as other typical features: an exclusively male priesthood, and ascetic practices (fasting etc.).

The time when most of the apostles had died and their jobs as leaders of the Christian communities in the cities had been taken over by bishops, is called post-apostolic period. It includes the time of persecutions until Christian worship was legalized under Constantine the Great. The earliest recorded use of the term "Christianity" (Greek ) is from this period. The term was used by Ignatius of Antioch "c." 107.

Early Christians were subject to various persecutions. This meant even death. Early martyrs included Stephen () and James, son of Zebedee (). Persecutions in larger scale by the authorities of the Roman Empire began with the year 64, when the Emperor Nero blamed them for the great Fire of Rome as the Roman historian Tacitus reported.

According to Church tradition, it was under Nero's persecution that the saints Peter and Paul became martyrs in Rome. Several of the New Testament writings mention persecutions and very difficult times. For 250 years there were times when Christians suffered from persecutions, because they refused to worship the Roman emperor. That was seen as treason and punished by execution. But the Christian religion continued to spread throughout the Mediterranean region. In the late fourth century they became the dominant religious force of the Roman Empire.

The first to legalize Christianity was the Armenian king Trdat the Third, who announced it the official religion in Armenia in the year 301. Galerius issued an edict permitting the practice of the Christian religion in April of 311. In 313 Constantine I and Licinius announced toleration of Christianity in the Edict of Milan. Constantine became the first Christian emperor; he had learnt about Christianity from his mother, Helena.

By 391, under the reign of Theodosius I, Christianity had become the state religion of Rome. 
When Christianity was legalized the Church used the same provinces for administration as the imperial government and called them dioceses. The Bishop of Rome claimed to be the highest amongst all others and chose the title pope.

During this era, there were several Ecumenical Councils. These were mostly concerned with Christological disputes. The First Council of Nicaea condemned Arianism and produced the Nicene Creed to define the faith. The Council of Ephesus condemned Nestorianism and affirmed the Blessed Virgin Mary to be Theotokos ("God-bearer" or "Mother of God"). Perhaps the most important was the Council of Chalcedon that affirmed that Christ had two natures, fully God and fully man, at the same time. That meant that Monophysitism was condemned.

The Church in the Early Middle Ages saw a "transformation of the Roman world" rather than a "fall of the Roman Empire". With the Muslim invasions of the seventh century, the Western (Latin) and Eastern (Greek) areas of Christianity began to take on distinctive shapes, and the Bishops of Rome were more interested in barbarian kings than in the Byzantine Emperors. This led to the coronation of Charlemagne as "Emperor of the Romans" by Pope Leo III in Rome on Christmas Day, 800.

The city of Rome was affected very much by warfare in Italy during the Early Middle Ages. Emperor Justinian I conquered the Italian kingdom of the Ostrogoths. He made Ravenna, Italy a territory with its own governor, but imperial influence was often limited. After the invasion of the Lombards, Rome had to take care of itself. Thus the popes, out of necessity, found themselves feeding the city with grain from papal estates, negotiating treaties, paying protection money to Lombard warlords, and, failing that, hiring soldiers to defend the city. Eventually, the failure of the Empire to send aid resulted in the popes turning for support from other sources, most especially the Franks.

The High Middle Ages is the period from the coronation of Charlemagne in 800 to the close of the fifteenth century, which saw the fall of Constantinople (1453), the end of the Hundred Years' War (1453), the discovery of the New World (1492), and thereafter the Protestant Reformation (1515).

The "Investiture Controversy", also known as the "lay investiture controversy", was the most important conflict between secular and religious powers in medieval Europe. It began as a dispute in the 11th century between the Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV and Pope Gregory VII. The question was who would control appointments of bishops (investiture). The end of lay investiture meant an important loss of royal power, and a loss for ambitious noblemen, for the benefit of Church reform as the pope intended.

Bishops collected revenues from estates attached to their bishopric. Noblemen who held lands (fiefdoms) hereditarily passed those lands on within their family. However, a king had more control of lands under the domain of his bishops. Kings would give bishoprics to powerful friends. If a king left a bishopric vacant, he got the money until a bishop was appointed, when he was supposed to repay the earnings. This seldom happened. The Church wanted to end this lay investiture because of the vacant sees simony and other problems. Thus, the Investiture Contest was part of the Church's attempt to reform the episcopate and get better bishops.

Pope Gregory VII issued the "Dictatus Papae", which said only the pope may make, break, or move bishops to other sees. The Emperor rejected this. With excommunication and a revolt by his dukes, Henry apologized and was forgiven, though the conflict continued. A similar controversy happened in England between King Henry I and St. Anselm, Archbishop of Canterbury. The English dispute was resolved by a deal in 1107, where the king gave up making bishops but did require an oath of fealty. The later Concordat of Worms ("Pactum Calixtinum") resolved the Imperial investiture controversy with a similar compromise.

The Crusades were a military conflicts conducted by Christian knights for the defense of Christians and for the expansion of Christian domains. Generally, the crusades refer to the campaigns in the Holy Land against Muslim forces sponsored by the Papacy. There were other crusades against Islamic forces in southern Spain, southern Italy, and Sicily, as well as the campaigns of Teutonic knights against pagan strongholds in Eastern Europe, and (to a much lesser extent) crusades against Catharism or other Christian heresies.

The Holy Land had been part of the Roman Empire, and thus Byzantine Empire, until the Islamic conquests of the seventh and eighth centuries. Thereafter, Christians had generally been permitted to visit the sacred places in the Holy Land until 1071, when the Seljuk Turks closed Christian pilgrimages and assailed the Byzantines, defeating them at the Battle of Manzikert. Emperor Alexius I asked for aid from Pope Urban II (1088-1099) for help against Islamic aggression. Instead of sending money, Urban II called upon the knights of Christendom in a speech made at the Council of Clermont on 27 November 1095, combining the idea of pilgrimage to the Holy Land with that of waging a holy war against infidels.
The East-West Schism, or Great Schism, separated the Church into Western (Latin) and Eastern (Greek) branches, i.e. Western Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy. It was the first major division since certain groups in the East rejected the decrees of the Council of Chalcedon (see Oriental Orthodoxy), and was far more significant. Though normally dated to 1054, the East-West Schism was the result of an long time of disagreement between Latin and Greek Christendom over papal primacy and certain doctrinal matters like the "filioque". Bad feelings were intensified by cultural and linguistic differences.

The schism became "official" in 1054 when the Pope's legates notified Patriarch Michael Cerularius of Constantinople that he had been excommunicated. A few days later, he excommunicated the legates. Attempts at reconciliation were made in 1274 in Lyon and in 1439 in Basel, but in each case the eastern hierarchs who agreed to the unions were repudiated by the Orthodox as a whole. However, reconciliation was achieved between the West and what are now called the "Eastern Rite Catholic Churches". More recently, in 1965 the mutual excommunications were rescinded by the Pope and the Patriarch of Constantinople, though schism remains.

Both groups are descended from the Early Church, both acknowledge the apostolic succession of each other's bishops, and the validity of each other's sacraments. Though both acknowledge the primacy of the Bishop of Rome, Eastern Orthodoxy understands this as a primacy of honor with limited or no ecclesiastical authority in other dioceses.

The Western Schism, or Papal Schism, was a prolonged period of crisis in Latin Christendom from 1378 to 1416, when there were two or more claimants to the See of Rome and thus it was difficult to discern who the true Pope was. The conflict was political, rather than doctrinal, in nature.

The Renaissance was a period of great cultural change and achievement, marked in Italy by a classical orientation and an increase of wealth through mercantile trade. The City of Rome, the Papacy, and the Papal States were all affected by the Renaissance. On the one hand, it was a time of great artistic patronage and architectural magnificence, where the Church patroned such artists as Michelangelo, Brunelleschi, Bramante, Raphael, Fra Angelico, Donatello, and da Vinci. On the other hand, wealthy Italian families often secured episcopal offices, including the papacy, for their own members, some of whom were known for immorality, such as Alexander VI and Sixtus IV.

In the early 16th century, movements were begun by two theologians, Martin Luther and Ulrich Zwingli, that aimed to reform the Church. Unlike earlier reformers they considered the root of corruptions to be doctrinal (rather than simply a matter of moral weakness or lack of ecclesiastical discipline) and thus they aimed to change contemporary doctrines to fit their idea of the "true gospel". The Protestant Reformation is so called because the movement's leaders "protested" against the ecclesiastical hierarchy and the pope, essentially electing to institute their reforms separately from it. The term "Protestant", however, was not originally used by these leaders; instead, they called themselves "evangelical", emphasizing the "return to the true gospel (Greek: "euangelion")".

The beginning of the Protestant Reformation is generally identified with Martin Luther and the posting of the 95 Theses in 1517 in Wittenburg, Germany. Early protest was against corruptions such as simony, episcopal vacancies, and the sale of indulgences. The Protestant position, however, would come to incorporate doctrinal changes such as sola scriptura and sola fide. The three most important traditions to emerge directly from the Protestant Reformation were the Lutheran, Reformed (Calvinist, Presbyterian, etc.), and Anglican traditions, though the latter group identifies as both "Reformed" and "Catholic", and some subgroups reject the classification as "Protestant".

The Protestant Reformation may be divided into two distinct but basically simultaneous movements, the Magisterial Reformation and the Radical Reformation. The Magisterial Reformation involved the alliance of certain theological teachers (Latin: "magistri") such as Luther, Huldrych Zwingli, John Calvin, Cranmer, etc. with secular magistrates who cooperated in the reformation of Christendom. Radical Reformers, besides forming communities outside state sanction, often employed more extreme doctrinal change, such as the rejection of tenants of the Councils of Nicaea and Chalcedon. Often the division between magisterial and radical reformers was as or more violent than the general Catholic and Protestant hostilities.

The Protestant Reformation spread almost entirely within the confines of Northern Europe, but did not take hold in certain northern areas such as Ireland and parts of Germany. By far the magisterial reformers were more successful and their changes more widespread than the radical reformers. The Catholic response to the Protestant Reformation is known as the Counter Reformation, or Catholic Reformation, which resulted in a reassertion of traditional doctrines and the emergence of new religious orders aimed at both moral reform and new missionary activity. The Counter Reformation reconverted approximately 33% of Northern Europe to Catholicism and initiated missions in South and Central America, Africa, Asia, and even China and Japan. Protestant expansion outside of Europe occurred on a smaller scale through colonization of North America and areas of Africa.

Martin Luther was an Augustinian friar and professor at the University of Wittenberg. In 1517, he published a list of 95 Theses, or points to be debated, concerning the illicitness of selling indulgences. Luther had a particular disdain for Aristotelian philosophy, and as he began developing his own theology, he increasingly came into conflict with other scholars. Soon, Luther began to develop his theology of justification, or how one is "made right" (righteous) in the eyes of God.

In Catholic theology, one is made righteous by a progressive infusion of grace accepted through faith and cooperated with through good works. Luther's doctrine of justification was different. He said justification meant "the declaring of one to be righteous", where God imputes the merits of Christ upon one who remains without inherent merit. In this process, good works are more of an unessential byproduct that contribute nothing to one's own state of righteousness. Conflict between Luther and leading theologians lead to his gradual rejection of authority of the Church hierarchy. In 1520, he was condemned for heresy by the papal bull "Exsurge Domine", which he burned at Wittenburg along with books of canon law.

John Calvin was a French cleric and doctor of law turned Protestant reformer in the second generation of the Reformation. He was well known for publishing the "Institutes of the Christian Religion", in 1536 (later revised), and became a leader of the Reformed church in Geneva, which became an "unofficial capital" of Reformed Christianity in the second half of the sixteenth century. He had great authority in the city and over the city council, such that he has (rather ignominiously) been called a "Protestant pope".

Calvin established an eldership together with a "consistory", where pastors and the elders established matters of religious discipline for the Genevan population. Calvin's theology is best known for his doctrine of (double) predestination, which held that God had, from all eternity, providentially foreordained who would be saved (the elect) and likewise who would be damned (the reprobate). Predestination was not the dominant idea in Calvin's works, but it would seemingly become so for many of his Reformed successors.

Unlike other reform movements, the English Reformation began by royal influence. Henry VIII considered himself a thoroughly Catholic King, and in 1521 he defended the papacy against Luther in a book he commissioned entitled, "The Defense of the Seven Sacraments", for which Pope Leo X awarded him the title "Fidei Defensor" (Defender of the Faith). However, the king came into conflict with the papacy when he wished to annul his marriage with Catherine of Aragon, for which he needed papal sanction. Catherine, among many other noble relations, was the aunt of Emperor Charles V, the papacy's most significant secular supporter. The ensuing dispute eventually lead to a break from Rome and the declaration of the King of England as head of the English (Anglican) Church. England then experienced a period of frenetic and eclectic reforms, some more radical and others more traditional, under monarchs such as Edward VI and Elizabeth I, and Archbishops of Canterbury such as Thomas Cranmer and William Laud. What emerged was a state church that considered itself both "Reformed" and "Catholic" but not "Roman" (and hesitated from the title "Protestant"), and other "unofficial" more radical movements such as the Puritans.

The Counter-Reformation, or Catholic Reformation, was the response of the Catholic Church to the Protestant Reformation. The essence of the Counter-Reformation was a renewed conviction in traditional practices and the upholding of Catholic doctrine as the source of ecclesiastic and moral reform, and the answer to halting the spread of Protestantism. Thus it experienced the founding of new religious orders, such as the Jesuits, the establishment of seminaries for the proper training of priests, renewed worldwide missionary activity, and the development of new yet orthodox forms of spirituality, such as that of the Spanish mystics and the French school of spirituality. The entire process was spearheaded by the Council of Trent, which clarified and reasserted doctrine, issued dogmatic definitions, and produced the "Roman Catechism".

Though Ireland, Spain, France, and elsewhere featured significantly in the Counter-Reformation, its heart was Italy and the various popes of the time, who established the "Index Librorum Prohibitorum" (the list of prohibited books) and the Roman Inquisition, a system of juridical tribunals that prosecuted heresy and related offences. The Papacy of St. Pius V (1566-1572) was known not only for its focus on halting heresy and worldly abuses within the Church, but also for its focus on improving popular piety in a determined effort to stem the appeal of Protestantism. Pius began his pontificate by giving large alms to the poor, charity, and hospitals, and the pontiff was known for consoling the poor and sick, and supporting missionaries. The activities of these pontiffs coincided with a rediscovery of the ancient Christian catacombs in Rome. As Diarmaid MacCulloch stated, "Just as these ancient martyrs were revealed once more, Catholics were beginning to be martyred afresh, both in mission fields overseas and in the struggle to win back Protestant northern Europe: the catacombs proved to be an inspiration for many to action and to heroism."

The First Great Awakening was a wave of religious enthusiasm among Protestants in the American colonies "c". 1730-1740, emphasizing the traditional Reformed virtues of Godly preaching, rudimentary liturgy, and a deep sense of personal guilt and redemption by Christ Jesus. Historian Sydney E. Ahlstrom saw it as part of a "great international Protestant upheaval" that also created Pietism in Germany, the Evangelical Revival, and Methodism in England. It centered on reviving the spirituality of established congregations, and mostly affected Congregational, Presbyterian, Dutch Reformed, German Reformed, Baptist, and Methodist churches, while also spreading within the slave population. The Second Great Awakening (1800–1830s), unlike the first, focused on the unchurched and sought to instill in them a deep sense of personal salvation as experienced in revival meetings. It also sparked the beginnings of Restorationist groups such as the Mormons and the Holiness movement. The Third Great Awakening began from 1857 and was most notable for taking the movement throughout the world, especially in English speaking countries. The final group to emerge from the "great awakenings" in North America was Pentecostalism, which had its roots in the Methodist, Wesleyan, and Holiness movements, and began in 1906 on Azusa Street, in Los Angeles. Pentecostalism would later lead to the Charismatic movement.

Restorationism refers to various unaffiliated movements that considered contemporary Christianity, in all its forms, to be a deviation from the true, original Christianity, which these groups then attempted to "Reconstruct", often using the Book of Acts as a "guidebook" or sorts. Restorationism developed out of the Second Great Awakening and is historically connected to the Protestant Reformation, but differs in that Restorationists do not usually describe themselves as "reforming" a Christian church continuously existing from the time of Jesus, but as "restoring" the Church that they believe was lost at some point. The name Restoration is also used to describe the Latter-day Saints (Mormons) and the Jehovah's Witness Movement.

Fascism describes certain related political regimes in 20th century Europe, especially Nazi Germany. When the Italian government closed Catholic youth organizations, Pope Pius XI issued the encyclical "Non Abbiamo Bisogno", saying that Fascist governments had hidden "pagan intentions" and expressed the irreconcilability of the Catholic position and Fascism, which placed the nation above God and fundamental human rights and dignity. He later signed agreements with the new rulers of Italy and Germany.

Many Catholic priests and monastics were persecuted under the Nazi regime, such as the concentration camp victims Maximilian Kolbe and Edith Stein (Saint Teresa Benedicta of the Cross). Furthermore, many Catholic laypeople and clergy helped in sheltering Jews during the Holocaust, including Pope Pius XII. Various incidents, such as giving aid to downed Allied airmen, nearly caused Nazi Germany to invade the Vatican before the liberation of Rome in 1944.

The relationship between Nazism and Protestantism, especially the German Lutheran Church, is complex. Though the majority of Protestant church leaders in Germany made little comment on the Nazis' growing anti-Jewish activities, some, such as Dietrich Bonhoeffer (a Lutheran pastor) were strongly opposed to the Nazis. Bonhoeffer was later found guilty in the conspiracy to assassinate Hitler and executed.

Fundamentalist Christianity, is a movement that arose mainly within British and American Protestantism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in reaction to modernism and certain liberal Protestant groups that denied doctrines considered fundamental to Christianity yet still called themselves "Christian". Thus, fundamentalism sought to reestablish tenants that could not be denied without relinquishing a Christian identity, the "fundamentals": the Bible as God`s word, viewed as the sole source of authority, the virgin birth of Christ, the doctrine of atonement through Jesus, the bodily resurrection of Jesus, and the imminent return of Christ.

Ecumenism broadly refers to movements between Christian groups to establish a degree of unity through dialogue. ""Ecumenism"" is derived from Greek "" (oikoumene), which means "the inhabited world", but more figuratively something like "universal oneness". The movement can be distinguished into Catholic and Protestant movements, with the latter characterized by a redefined ecclesiology of "denominationalism" (which the Catholic Church, among others, rejects).

Concerning the Greek Orthodox Church, steady movement was made to reconcile the East-West Schism. On 30 November 1894, Pope Leo XIII publishes the Apostolic Letter "Orientalium Dignitas" (On the Churches of the East) safeguarding the importance and continuance of the Eastern traditions for the whole Church. On 7 December 1965, a Joint Catholic-Orthodox Declaration of His Holiness Pope Paul VI and the Ecumenical Patriarch Athenagoras I was issued lifting the mutual excommunications of 1054.

Concerning Catholic relations with Protestant communities, certain commissions were established to foster dialogue and documents have been produced aimed at identifying points of doctrinal unity, such as the Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification produced with the Lutheran World Federation in 1999.

Ecumenical movements within Protestantism have focused on determining a list of doctrines and practices essential to being Christian and thus extending to all groups which fulfill these basic criteria a (more or less) equal status, with perhaps one's own group still retaining a "first among equal" standing. This process involved a redefinition of the idea of "the Church" from traditional theology. This ecclesiology, known as denominationalism, contends that each group (which fulfills the essential criteria of "being Christian") is a sub-group of a greater "Christian Church", itself a purely abstract concept with no direct representation, i.e. no group, or "denomination", claims to be "the Church". Obviously, this ecclesiology it at variance with other groups that indeed consider themselves to be "the Church". But moreover, because the "essential criteria" generally consist of belief in the holy Trinity, it has resulted in strife between these Protestant ecumenical movements and non-Trinitarian groups such as Latter-day Saints (Mormons) and Jehovah's Witnesses, which are not often not regarded as Christian by these ecumenical groups.

The following links give an overview of the history of Christianity:

The following link provides quantitative data related to Christianity and other major religions, including rates of adherence at different points in time:

Timeline of Christianity

This timeline is to show the history of Christianity from the beginning to the present. Question marks on dates mean that dates are not exact. 

Western culture and Christian churches use the Gregorian calendar. The Gregorian calendar has been in use since 1582 when it replaced the less precise Julian Calendar. The Gregorian calendar began in Europe, in the reign of Pope Gregory XIII. The Gregorian calendar is now used almost everywhere in the world (except for calculating the holy days of other religions). 

The Gregorian calendar dates years from before or after the birth of Jesus. Years that are before the birth of Jesus have the initials BC (before Christ) and years that are after (traditionally) have the initials AD (anno Domini – "in the year of our Lord"). Nowadays these are often written BCE ("before the Common Era") and CE ("Common Era").

The "year one" is the first year in "anno Domini" (the Common Era). There is no year zero. When the Gregorian calendar was calculated, the scholars tried to work out exactly when the birth of Jesus happened. The exact date is not certain, but most agree that it was between 6 BC and 4 BC.

This list tells only about the things that happened in the part of the world where Jesus was born. This region is now called Israel and Palestine. In the time of Jesus, it was under the rule of the Romans.


Jesus began his ministry after his baptism by John and during the rule of Pilate, preaching: "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near" (). While the historicity of the gospel accounts is questioned to some extent by most critical scholars and non-Christians, the traditional view states the following chronology for his ministry: Temptation, Sermon on the Mount, Appointment of the Twelve, Miracles, Temple Money Changers, Last Supper, Arrest, Trial, Passion, Crucifixion on Good Friday (, ), Nisan 14th (, , Gospel of Peter) or Nisan 15th (Synoptic Gospels), (7 Apr 30, 3 Apr 33, 30 Mar 36, possible Fri-14-Nisan dates – Meier), entombment by Pharisees Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus of the Sanhedrin, Resurrection by God on Easter Sunday, appearances to Paul of Tarsus (), Simon Peter (), Mary Magdalene (, ), and others, Great Commission, Ascension, Second Coming Prophecy to fulfill the rest of Messianic prophecy such as the Resurrection of the dead, the Last Judgment, and establishment of the Kingdom of God and the Messianic Age. See also Chronology of Jesus.

Shortly after the Crucifixion of Jesus (Nisan 14 or 15), the Jerusalem church was founded as the first Christian church with about 120 Jews and Jewish proselytes (), followed by Pentecost, the Ananias and Sapphira incident, Pharisee Gamaliel's defense of the Apostles (), the stoning of Saint Stephen (see also Persecution of Christians) and the subsequent dispersal of the church () which led to the baptism of Simon Magus in Samaria (), and also an Ethiopian eunuch (). Paul's conversion to "Apostle to the Gentiles" is first recorded in (, cf. ). Peter baptized the Centurion Cornelius, who is traditionally considered the first Gentile convert to Christianity (). The Antioch church was founded. It was there that the term Christian was first used (). Saint James was executed by Agrippa I (ruled 39–44) during a Passover (Nisan 15) ().



Constantine called the First Council of Nicaea in 325 to unify Christology, also called the first great Christian council by Jerome, the first ecumenical, decreed the Original Nicene Creed, but rejected by Nontrinitarianism such as Arius, Theonas, Secundus, Eusebius of Nicomedia, and Theognis who were excommunicated, also addressed Easter controversy and passed 20 Canon laws.












Armorial of districts in Rhineland-Palatinate

List of coats of arms of the 24 districts and the 12 urban districts in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany

Schism (religion)

The word schism ('sɪzəm or ), from the Greek σχίσμα, "skhísma" (from σχίζω, "skhízō", "to tear, to split"), means a division or a split, usually in an organization or a movement. 

A schismatic is a person who creates schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group. "Schismatic" as an adjective means belonging to a schism or schisms, or to those ideas, policies, etc. that are thought to lead towards schism. 

The words "schism" and "schismatic" have found perhaps their heaviest usage in the history of Christianity, to speak of splits within a church. 

Within Christianity the word "schism" may refer to:


Though it is very important to note the difference between schism and heresy. Heresy is to reject or doubt the beliefs of the Church after having been baptised. Schism means that the opposing parties have a disagreement within the establishment. Both groups have to accept that they are in schism. In the canon law of the Catholic Church, an act of schism, apostasy or heresy brings the penalty of excommunication.

There are divisions between Sunni, Shia, and Kharijite Islam in CE 632 regarding the rightful successor to the prophet Muhammad. In 661 and 680 there were divisions regarding the rightful claimant to the Caliphate. 

In Buddhism, the first schism was set up by Devadatta, during Buddha's life. After Buddha's passing away, the early Buddhist schools developed various schisms. In the old texts, 18 or 20 early schools are mentioned. Later, there were the Mahayana and Vajrayana movements, which can be regarded as being schismatic in origin. There are now perhaps thousands of different Buddhist sects.

The first schism in Jainism happened around the fourth century BCE, leading to rise of two major sects, Digambara and Svetambara, which were later subdivided in further sub-sects.

Throughout the Jewish history, Judaism survived many schisms. Today, major Jewish denominations are Orthodox Judaism and non-Orthodox: Reform, Conservative and Reconstructionist.




Proselyte

Proselyte, from Greek "/proselytos", is used in the Septuagint for "stranger", i.e. a newcomer to Israel; a sojourner in the land, and in the New Testament (Strong's G4339 ) for a convert to Judaism from Paganism. It is a translation of the Hebrew word "/ger" (Strong's H1616 ).

There are two kinds of proselyte:
A righteous proselyte was a Gentile who had converted to Judaism, was bound to all the doctrines and precepts of the Jewish economy, and was considered a full member of the Jewish people.

A gate proselyte was a "resident alien" who lived in the Land of Israel and followed some of the customs.

The "religious proselytes" spoken of in Early Christian writings were righteous proselytes, as distinguished from gate proselytes.



Twelve Apostles

The Twelve Apostles, (somebody sent forth/sent out) were men who, according to the Synoptic Gospels and Christian tradition, were chosen from among the disciples (students) of Jesus Christ for a mission. Judaism had an office known as apostle (שליח)". 

The Gospel of Mark states that Jesus Christ initially sent out these twelve in pairs, to towns in Galilee.

According to the list occurring in each of the Synoptic Gospels (, , ), the Twelve chosen by Jesus near the beginning of his ministry, those whom "also He named Apostles", were

It should also be noted that while the "Twelve Apostles" refer to the twelve who followed Jesus during his lifetime (and later Matthias in place of Judas Iscariot), Paul (formerly Saul of Tarsus) can be considered as another apostle. Notably, he begins many of his epistles with "Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus", or some variant. The original twelve were apostles sent out to the Jews, whereas Paul has the unique role of being the apostle to the gentiles after Christ's resurrection and ascent.

The identity of the other apostle of the twelve, traditionally called St. Jude, varies between the Synoptic Gospels and also between ancient manuscripts of each gospel:

The Gospel of John, unlike the Synoptic Gospels, does not offer a formal list of apostles, but does refer to the "Twelve" in , , and . The following nine apostles are identified by name:

The individual that the Gospel of John names as Nathanael is traditionally identified as the same person that the Synoptic Gospels call Bartholomew, and most would agree that the "sons of Zebedee" is likely to be a reference to James and John, while "Judas (not Iscariot)" probably refers to Thaddaeus, also known as St. Jude. Noticeably missing from the Gospel of John are James, son of Alphaeus, Matthew, and Simon the Canaanite/Zealot.



Oriental Orthodoxy

Oriental Orthodoxy means the group of Eastern Christian Churches that accept only the first three ecumenical councils — the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the Council of Ephesus — and do not accept the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon. These Churches are also called Old Oriental Churches. Oriental Orthodox churches are different from the churches that call themselves Eastern Orthodoxy.

The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the spiritual leader of the Oriental Orthodox Churches. This is because the Pope of Alexandria is also Patriarch of all Africa on the Holy See of St. Mark the Apostle.

The spiritual leadership is not understood in the same sense as among the Eastern Orthodox Churches to the Church of Constantinople. It is in the spirit of respect and honour for the Apostolic Throne of Alexandria. It does not give any special rights to the Church of Alexandria.

The schism (division) between "Great Church Orthodox and Catholic" and the "Oriental Orthodox Churches" happened in the 5th century after the Council of Chalcedon.



Dogma

A dogma is something that should not be disputed or doubted. Most often, this means the basic beliefs and doctrines of a religion. What a majority of followers of an ideology or any kind of organization believe in can also be a dogma. 
In the context of religion, the term has a neutral meaning. Outside of religion for most people the term means something negative, because it accepts only a particular point of view. If someone disputes a religious dogma, they can be accused of heresy.

In Christianity, the Resurrection of Jesus is a basic dogma.


Dogma (disambiguation)

Dogma is belief accepted by a religion or ideology as the only correct one.

Dogma could also mean:


State religion

A state religion (also called an official religion, established church or state church) is a religious group or creed officially accepted by the state.

The term "state church" is used in context with Christianity, and is sometimes used for a specific national branch of Christianity.

The following states recognize some form of Christianity as their state or official religion (by denomination):

Jurisdictions which recognize Roman Catholicism as their state or official religion:

Jurisdictions which recognize an Old Catholic church as their state religion:

Jurisdictions which recognize one of the Eastern Orthodox Churches as their state religion:




Jurisdictions which recognize a Reformed church as their state religion:


Countries which recognize Islam as their official religion:



Governments which recognize Buddhism as their official religion:


The concept of state religions was known as long ago as the empires of Egypt and Sumer, when every city state or people had its own god or gods.

Zoroastrianism was the state religion of the Sassanid dynasty which lasted from 226 until 651.

Many of the Greek city-states also had a 'god' or 'goddess' associated with that city.

When in Rome, the office of "Pontifex Maximus" was reserved for the emperor, failure to worship him as a god was sometimes punished by death, as the Roman government sought to link emperor worship with loyalty to the Empire. Many Christians and Jews were persecuted, because it was against their beliefs to worship the emperor.

Catholic Christianity, as opposed to Arianism and other heretical and schismatic groups, was declared to be the state religion of the Roman Empire on February 27, 380 by the decree "De Fide Catolica" of Emperor Theodosius I.

In China, the Han Dynasty (206 BC—220 AD) advocated Confucianism as the de facto state religion, establishing tests based on Confucian texts as an entrance requirement into government service.

These states do not profess any state religion. Countries which officially decline to establish any religion include:

In 1967, the Albanian government made atheism the "state religion". This designation remained in effect until 1991.
Finland's State Church was the Church of Sweden until 1809.
In France the Concordat of 1801 made the Roman Catholic, Calvinist and Lutheran churches state-sponsored religions, as well as Judaism.
In Hungary the constitutional laws of 1848 declared five established churches on equal status: the Roman Catholic, Calvinist, Lutheran, Eastern Orthodox and Unitarian Church. In 1868 the law was ratified again after the Ausgleich. In 1895 Judaism was also recognized as the sixth established church. In 1948 every distinction between the different denominations were abolished.
The Church in Wales was split from the Church of England in 1920 by Welsh Church Act 1914; at the same time becoming disestablished.



In several colonies, the establishment ceased to exist in practice at the Revolution, about 1776; this is the date of legal abolition.
in 1789 the Georgia Constitution was amended as follows:
"Article IV. Section 10. No person within this state shall, upon any pretense, be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any manner agreeable to his own conscience, nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes, taxes, or any other rate, for the building or repairing any place of worship, or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry, contrary to what he believes to be right, or hath voluntarily engaged. To do. No one religious society shall ever be established in this state, in preference to another; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles."
From 1780 Massachusetts had a system which required every man to belong to a church, and permitted each church to tax its members, and did not require that it be a Congregational church. This was objected to, as in practice establishing the Congregational Church, and was abolished in 1833.
Until 1877 the New Hampshire Constitution required members of the State legislature to be of the Protestant religion.
The North Carolina Constitution of 1776 disestablished the Anglican church, but until 1835 the NC Constitution allowed only Protestants to hold public office. From 1835 to 1876 it allowed allowed only Christians (including Catholics) to hold public office. Article VI, Section 8 of the current NC Constitution forbids only atheists from holding public office. Such clauses were held by the United States Supreme Court to be unenforceable in the 1961 case of Torcaso v. Watkins, when the court ruled unanimously that such clauses constituted a religious test incompatible with First and Fourteenth Amendment protections.
Religious Tolerance for Catholics with an Established Church of England were policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule. East Florida was lost to Spain in 1781.
Religious tolerance for Catholics with an established Church of England were policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule. East Florida was returned to Spain in 1783.

The State of Deseret was a provisional state of the United States, proposed in 1849 by Mormon settlers in Salt Lake City. The provisional state existed for slightly over two years.


Mass (disambiguation)

The term Mass is used for different concepts, in different fields of study:







In the plural form, the masses, can mean: 

An adjective describing a large amount of something, as in: 

Mass (music)

In music the word mass is used for a piece of music, to be sung by a choir. The Roman Catholic, Anglican and Lutheran churches use this. There are two very broad kinds of masses: Those using the Ordinary are not linked to the Church calendar, they use the same pieces (and words) throughout the year. The Proper covers the parts of the mass that vary through the year. At the start, masses were sung in Latin or Greek. Examples of masses not in English include the Deutsche Messe by Franz Schubert or A German Requiem by Johannes Brahms. 

The usual words that are set to music are known as the Ordinary. These are the words of the service which are the same every day. The Ordinary consists of five parts: Kyrie (Lord have mercy upon us….), Gloria (Glory be to thee….), Credo (I believe in God the Father….), Sanctus (Holy, Holy, Holy….) and Agnus Dei (O Lamb of God…).

The words of the mass that are not from the Ordinary are called the Proper. These are words that may change in the service from day to day. The Proper consists of the Introit, Gradual, Alleluia, Tract, Offertory and Communion. There are also some words which are special for particular feast days.

In the Renaissance period church composers set the words of the Ordinary mass to music. This music was normally polyphonic: the different sections of the choir (soprano, alto, tenor and bass) all had musical lines which shared the melody and were of equal importance. The words of the Proper were not composed to special music. They were sung to plainchant.

During the last two centuries many composers have written masses which were not meant to be sung in a church service: they are written as concert pieces. Some of them are quite long and fill a whole concert program. Some of the most famous masses are those by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Berlioz, Dvořák, Verdi, Bruckner, Fauré and Vaughan Williams.


Ecumenical council

An Ecumenical Council (also sometimes Oecumenical Council) or general council is a meeting of the bishops of the church of the whole world who have come together to discuss matters of Church doctrine and practice.

The word is from the Greek language "", which means "inhabited", and was originally an other name for the territory of the Roman Empire, because the earliest councils were all called in by Roman Emperors. In later times it was used in the sense of "world-wide" or "general."

The period of Christianity from the First Council of Nicaea (325) to the Second Council of Nicaea (787) is called the period of the Seven Ecumenical Councils.




Camille Saint-Saëns

Camille Saint-Saens (French: Camille Saint-Saëns) (born Paris 9 October 1835, died Algiers, 16 December 1921) was a French composer, pianist and organist. He was one of the greatest composers of his day. He composed lots of music of different kinds. Among his best works are his "Symphony no 3 (with organ) ", "Piano Concerto no 2", "Violin Concerto no 3", "Cello Concerto no 1", the opera "Samson and Delilah" and the "Danse Macabre". His most popular work, however, is the "Carnival of the Animals". Saint-Saens hated being thought of as “the composer of the "Carnival of the Animals"". He said he had only written it for a bit of fun and he did not want anyone to perform it. Today it still remains one of the most popular pieces for children.

Three months after Saint-Saens was born his father died. Saint-Saens was often ill with tuberculosis when he was very small and this carried on throughout his life. He was brought up by his mother and his aunt. this illness still didn't hold Saint-Saens back. at the age of two his aunt taught him the piano. When he was ten he played piano concertos by Beethoven and Mozart at a public concert, playing everything from memory. He was very good at school and was interested in lots of subjects including science and philosophy. In 1858 he published some duets for harmonium and piano and he used the money to buy a telescope.

He studied music at the Paris Conservatoire and was a brilliant student, although he did not win the Prix de Rome. He soon became known as a composer, pianist and organist and he made many friends, among them Gounod, Berlioz and Rossini. Liszt thought he was the greatest organist in the world. Like Liszt, Saint-Saëns was often very kind to other composers and helped them to become known by playing and conducting their music. He was the first person to conduct Liszt’s symphonic poems in France. He himself wrote symphonic poems such as "Le Rouet d’Omphale" (1871) and "Danse Macabre" (1874). The idea of music which describes a story was quite a new idea at that time. He also helped people to like Bach whose music had been forgotten for a long time.

In the 1860s his fame spread and he also did some teaching at the École Niedermeyer which educated young musicians for church music. His pupils included Faure, Messager and Gigout who all became lifelong friends. He also founded the Société Nationale de Musique which helped new music to be performed. Faure, Cesar Franck and Lalo were all members. The society gave first performances of works by Saint-Saens, Chabrier, Debussy, Dukas and Ravel and others.

Saint-Saens married a 19-year-old girl. The marriage was not a success. They had two sons who died within six weeks of one another: the baby from an illness and the two-year-old from falling out of a fourth floor window. Saint-Saens blamed his wife and they eventually divorced.

For many years Saint-Saens travelled all over the world as a famous musician. Eventually he became less popular in France, but in England and the United States he was still very much admired. He played for Queen Victoria and spent some time studying original manuscripts of Handel in the library of Buckingham Palace. He was awarded the title of Doctor by the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and was made a Commander of the Victorian Order because he had composed a march for the coronation of King Edward VII in 1902. He died in Algiers in 1921. His funeral was in the cathedral there, and his body was then taken back to Paris where he was given a state funeral at the church of Madeleine.

Saint-Saens was more famous in the concert hall than he was in the theatre. He wrote 13 operas, but only one of them is still regularly performed: "Samson et Dalila" ("Samson and Delilah"). One of the arias from this opera, "Mon cœur s’ouvre à ta voix", is especially famous.

Saint-Saens wrote many concertos, symphonies, sonatas and chamber music. He often uses the style of dance music and creates a happy atmosphere by repeating certain patterns. His music is late Romantic, but based on the classical traditions rather than following the style of Wagner like many other French composers were doing at the time.

Fly to the Sky

Fly to the Sky is a South Korean R&B duet (group of two). Its members are Korean-American Brian Joo and South Korean Fany (also known as Hwanhee; ; meaning "delight"). Since their 1999 debut single "Day by Day," they released six albums. Although they were marketed as teen idols, the duo later changed their image and style with their third album "Sea of Love" in 2002. With their later albums, the duo became known as R&B artists and are known as the first R&B duo of South Korea.

The duo started in late 1998 by Korean record company SM Entertainment. A friend of Brian Joo signed him up for auditions with Brothers Entertainment without his knowledge. while he was going to Holy Spirit High School, a Roman Catholic school in New Jersey. As for Fany, a staff member working for the company recommended him to audition at a school festival. 

They first appeared on television on December 9, 1999. Their first album "Day by Day" sold over 250,000 copies. Their second album "The Promise" was released in 2001. The album hit #2 on the charts, but it quickly slipped from the charts. In the same year, they had their first concert with singer Kim Jo-Han.

Their third album "Sea of Love" was released while Joo was at New Jersey going to Rutgers University, so Fany performed the songs by himself. The album featured "Condition of My Heart" which was written by American singer Brian McKnight.

Their fourth album, "Missing You" came out around the time when his manager died in a car crash. Fany was especially shocked by his death, because he had been in the same car with his manager just hours before the incident.

"Gravity", as their fifth and last album, came out by SM Entertainment. Their contract to the company ended soon after the release.

Fly to the Sky signed on with PFull Entertainment after their first contract ended in 2004. They wanted a smaller label that cared less about money. They recorded their sixth studio album "Transition" in January 2006.

The duo started their first tour in Korea called "Fly To The Sky: 2006 The Twice Tour". Starting from Jamsil Arena in Seoul in May 2006, they had concerts in major Korean cities like Busan, Daegu, Junju, and Kwangju.

When "Transition" became popular, Fly to the Sky made a special edition, which had more music videos, deleted scenes and the more songs titled "Hwan Sang (Illusion)," "Hot and Cold," and "When I Say."

In 2004 and 2005, there was a rumor that they would break up. Brian denied the rumours and said that Fly to the Sky was not disbanding. He said the two had hard time getting along for first few years of their career on the show "Yah Shim Man Man," which aired on July 10. He said that he felt envy towards Fany, because he received more attention and praise than him. Brian felt that he was not given his due as Fany. Eventually he found this difficult to bear, and suggested to Fany that they pursue their separate paths. Fany responded angrily and that led to a fight that nearly led to the duo breaking up. The two were on good terms again soon after, understanding each other better. After the fight, the two decided to try to better understand each other in order to solve their problems together and to support each other. Brian's eyes were filled with tears when he was talking about the rumour.

Since 2006, the duo has appeared many times in variety shows. Fany appeared on Korean television drama "Over the Rainbow" during summer of 2006, and Brian released his solo album "The Brian" in December 2006. They became more popular but some critics and fans said they were compromising their image as artists.


The websites are in Korean.


Bram Stoker

Abraham "Bram" Stoker (8 November 1847 – 20 April 1912) was an Irish writer. He is best remembered as the author of the classical and influential vampire novel "Dracula". A vampire is a kind of monster associated with death and the Devil.

He was born on 8 November 1847 at 15 Marino Crescent—then as now called "The Crescent"—in Clontarf, a coastal suburb of Dublin, Ireland. His parents were Abraham Stoker (born in 1799; married Stoker's mother in 1844; died on 10 October 1876) and the feminist Charlotte Mathilda Blake Thornley (born in 1818; died in 1901). Stoker was the third of seven children. Abraham and Charlotte were members of the Church of Ireland and attended the Clontarf parish church (St. John the Baptist) with their children where both were baptised. Until he started school at the age of seven—when he made a complete, surprising recovery—Stoker was sick. During that time, Stoker wrote, "I was naturally thoughtful, and the leisure of long illness gave opportunity for many thoughts which were fruitful according to their kind in later years."

After his recovery, he became a normal young man. He excelled as an athlete at Trinity College, Dublin (1864–70), from which he was graduated with honors in mathematics. He was auditor of the College Historical Society and president of the University Philosophical Society, where his first paper was on "Sensationalism in Fiction and Society". In 1876, while he was employed as a civil servant in Dublin, he wrote theater reviews for "The Dublin Mail", a newspaper partly owned by fellow horror writer J. Sheridan Le Fanu. His interest in theater led to a lifelong friendship with the English actor Henry Irving. In 1878 Stoker married Florence Balcombe, a celebrated beauty whose former suitor was Oscar Wilde. The couple moved to London, where Stoker became business manager of Irving's Lyceum Theater, a post he held for 27 years. The collaboration with Irving was very important for Stoker. Through him he became involved in London's high society, where he met, among other notables, James McNeil Whistler and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. In the course of Irving's tours he got the chance to travel around the world.

They had one son, Irving Noel Stoker, who was born on 31 December 1879.

He earned his money by writing a large number of sensational novels, his most famous being the vampire tale "Dracula" which he published in 1897. Before writing "Dracula", Stoker spent eight years researching European folklore and stories of vampires. "Dracula" is an epistolary novel, written as collection of diary entries, telegrams, and letters from the characters, as well as fictional clippings from the Whitby and London newspapers. Stoker's inspiration for the story was a visit to Slains Castle near Aberdeen. The bleak spot provided an excellent backdrop for his creation.

"Dracula" has been the basis for countless movies and plays. The first was "Nosferatu" directed by Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau and starring Max Schreck as Count Orlock. "Nosferatu" was produced while Florence Stoker, Bram Stoker's widow and literary executrix, was still alive. Represented by the attorneys of the British Incorporated Society of Authors, she eventually sued the filmmakers. Her chief legal complaint was that she had been neither asked for permission for the adaptation nor paid any royalty. The case dragged on for some years, with Mrs Stoker demanding the destruction of the negative and all prints of the movie. The suit was finally resolved in the widow's favour in July 1925. Some copies of the movie survived, however, and "Nosferatu" is now widely regarded as an innovative classic. The most famous movie version of "Dracula" is the 1931 production starring Bela Lugosi and which spawned several sequels that had little to do with Stoker's novel.

Stoker wrote several other novels dealing with horror and supernatural themes, but none of them achieved the lasting fame or success of "Dracula". His other novels include "The Snake's Pass" (1890), "The Jewel of Seven Stars" (1903), and "The Lair of the White Worm" (1911).








Criss Angel

Criss Angel (born Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos, December 19, 1967) is an American illusionist, stuntperformer, and musician. He has done many illusions. Examples of these include walking on water, making an Asian elephant vanish and then reappear several episodes later, and floating between two buildings. Angel has had a television program on the American network A&E called "Criss Angel Mindfreak". The program has stunts and street magic, as well as public service announcements about scams that are popular around the United States. 

Angel was the guest host of the March 8, 2010 version of WWE Monday Night Raw. 


TVXQ

TVXQ (Tong Vfang Xien Qi) is a two-member K-pop boy band active in South Korea and Japan. Its members are U-know Yunho and Max Changmin. The group is popular in East Asian countries including Taiwan and China. They debuted in 2004 and belong to Korean record company SM Entertainment. They are known by different names. They are known as Dong Bang Shin Ki (abbreviated DBSK, 동방신기, 東方神起) in Korea and Tohoshinki in Japan.

The group has released six Korean and three Japanese albums. Their fourth Korean album, "Mirotic" was released in 2008. It has sold over 550,000 copies. It is their most successful album. Before that, the 2006 album "O-Jung.Ban.Hap." continued to chart in 2007 along with the group's 2005 album "Rising Sun". Their first Japanese album "Heart, Mind, and Soul" performed modestly. It peaked at #25 on the Oricon Chart. The album sold less than 20,000 copies. Their second album "Five in the Black" did better. The album peaked at #2 and sold over 26,000 copies in its first week of release. The third album "T" also peaked at #2 and sold 30,003 copies on the first day of its release.

TVXQ has an official fan club, called "cassiopeia", in Korea. There is also a big fan club in Japan.

Current members

Past members
Korean studio albums
Korean extended plays

Japanese studio albums
Japanese compilation albums

Japanese singles

In 2008, TVXQ made the Guinness World Records for having the world's largest official fan club. Cassiopeia, the band's official fan club, is claimed to have more than 800,000 official members just in South Korea, more than 200,000 official members in Japan (BigEast) and more than 200,000 international fans (iCassies). They also made Guinness a second time in 2009. Aside from having the world's largest fan club, the group was also listed as the most photographed celebrities in the world. From the day of their debut to March 19, 2009, the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines, albums jackets, and commercials, etc. The total figure includes individual photos as well as group pictures.


Ayumi Hamasaki

Ayumi Hamasaki ( "Hamasaki Ayumi"; born October 2, 1978) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, and former actress. She is also called Ayu by her fans, and called the "Empress of Pop" because her music is very popular in Japan. She was born and raised in Fukuoka. When she was fourteen, she moved to Tokyo and began her career as an actress in 1993. In 1998, she was signed to the label Avex Trax and released a number of singles that were successful. In 1999, she released her first studio album "A Song for XX" which was very successful and made her popular in Japan.

Because she changes her appearance and artistry very often, she is popular in other parts of Asia like China, Singapore, and Taiwan. Many of her songs are used in commercials and advertisements. She often appears in some of these.

Before she joined Avex Trax, she released a single and an album both called "Nothing From Nothing". But these did not become popular. Since she debuted in 1998 with "Poker Face," Hamasaki sold more than 50 records in Japan. This puts her as one of the highest ranking singers in the country. She holds many records as a female singer. These include the most number-one hits and highest sales.

Hamasaki dated Tomoya Nagase (a singer and actor) since her short acting career. They announced they were dating in 2001. Six years later, there were rumors that Hamasaki and Nagase were going to get married. But on July 13, 2007 Hamasaki said that they had broken up. She did not say why, but she said that they will stay as friends.

In 2008, Hamasaki revealed that she had become deaf in her left ear. This was because of tinnitus or Ménière's disease. She said that she had the condition in 2006 and that problems with her ear started in 2000. Hamasaki stated that she wants to continue singing. She said that she would "not give up" on her fans and that "as a professional", she wanted to "deliver the best performance for everyone".
January 1,2011, to marry a fan club site Ayumi Hamasaki 'TeamAyu' reported the fan.






Love Generation

Love Generation () was a dramatic Japanese television series on Fuji Television. It first aired in Japan from October 13 1997 to December 22, 1997 every Monday. It had a very high rating of 30.8%. It features music by Cagnet.



The show revolves around the relationship of the two leading characters, Katagiri Teppei and Uesugi Riko, who begin their relationship as squabbling colleagues before falling in love. Katagiri Teppei is a talented designer and very popular among women. Unfortunately, Teppei, who despises anything boring and repetitive, is forced to move to the sales department for his egocentric behavior. Throughout the series, he is forced to adapt to the new working environment, which includes cutting his precious locks of hair to create a neater and more professional image. As he struggles to adapt, he meets Uesugi Riko. While she does not like him at first, she eventually falls for him. However, Teppei runs into his highschool sweetheart Mizuhara Sanae, and discovers that his ex-girlfriend is now engaged to his brother Soichiro. Fortunately, Riko is there to console him, and this eventually blooms into a romance. Not long after, however, Sanae realizes she still has feelings for Teppei, and thus creates a love triangle. To make the matter even more complicated, Soichiro starts to have an affair with his past girlfriend.

Teppei's apartment has many unusual items such as Thai artifact, a 30-year-old refrigerator, and a crystal apple. The meaning behind the apple is that there is only one true love, between Adam and Eve, that is. A crystal can be broken easily, and when one would look in it, it appears upside down. The apple is seen upside down for the 10 of the 11 episodes. At the last episode, however, the apple is no longer upside down. The apple is on the album cover of the soundtrack for "Love Generation".

The advertising poster appears over and over again. The model is holding a crystal apple, and reads "True love never runs smooth" symbolizing the relationship between Riko and Teppei, which constantly faces struggles from when they meet for the very first time to the love triangle. This advertisement is visible everywhere from the park to Teppei's 30-year-old refrigerator, as "True love never runs smooth" is the unofficial tagline of this television series.


Psyche (mythology)

Psyche (pronounced: SY-kee) is a former mortal woman and goddess of the soul in Greek mythology. She is the wife of Eros (Cupid) and the mother of Hedone. Today, Psyche is known from a story called "The Golden Ass", written by Lucius Apuleius in the 2nd century.

Psyche was the youngest daughter of a Greek king and queen. She had two older sisters. She was very beautiful. Many people said she was more beautiful than Aphrodite. People started worshipping Psyche instead of Aphrodite. This made the goddess angry. As a punishment, she sent her son, Eros, to make Psyche fall in love with an ugly person. However, Eros fell in love with Psyche. He decided to save her from his mother's anger.

Psyche's sisters were jealous of her beauty. They eventually married kings and left to be with their husbands. Nobody asked to marry Psyche. She was left alone. Her father decided to ask the Oracle of Delphi for help.

Apollo, spoke to Psyche's father through the Oracle. He told her father that Psyche would marry a monster that even the gods were afraid of. Apollo said to dress Psyche in funeral clothes, take her to the tallest rock in the kingdom, and leave her there. The king sadly obeyed Apollo.

Psyche waited for the monster. When it did not come, she jumped from the rock. Zephyrus, the Greek lord of west wind, held her up to save her from death. He took her to Eros's palace. When Eros returned, he talked to Psyche in the dark. He said that she must not try to see him. He said that it would ruin everything if he told her his name. The first few weeks of Psyche's life in the palace were good. But soon her sisters convinced her to see what her husband looked like. 
Psyche sneaked into her husband's room with an oil lamp. Psyche shone the light on her husband's face. A small drop of hot oil fell onto his shoulder. That burned him and woke him up. Eros felt betrayed by his wife's actions. He left Psyche.

Psyche was very unhappy after learning what she had done. Aphrodite found her and made her do four things. 

Psyche was made the goddess of the soul. Psyche and Eros had a daughter, Hedone. Their daughter was the goddess of physical joy.


Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet

Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet (December 10, 1787 - September 10, 1851) was an American teacher and the founder of the American School for the Deaf. He founded the school in 1817.

Gallaudet was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He went to Yale University. He got his bachelor's degree in 1805 and master's degree in 1808. He wanted to do many things for example, study law or study religion. In 1814, Gallaudet became a preacher. 

Gallaudet chose not to become a preacher when he met Alice Cogswell, the nine-year-old deaf daughter of a neighbor, Dr. Mason Cogswell. He taught her many words by writing them in the dirt. Cogswell asked Gallaudet to go to Europe to learn ways for teaching deaf people. 

While in Great Britain, he met Abbé Sicard, head of a school for deaf people in Paris, and two of its deaf teachers, Laurent Clerc and Jean Massieu. Sicard asked Gallaudet to go to Paris to study the school's ways of teaching the deaf. Gallaudet studied with Sicard. He learned sign language from Massieu and Clerc, who were both graduates of the school.

Gallaudet asked Clerc to go back to America with him. The two men toured New England and got money to create a school for deaf students in Hartford, Connecticut which later became known as the American School for the Deaf. Young Alice was one of the first seven students in the United States.

Annelid

Annelids are a phylum of invertebrate worms. They are the segmented worms, with over 17,000 known species.

Well known species are earthworms and leeches. Annelids can be found in most wet environments. Some of these species are parasitic or mutualistic. This means they live together with (or inside) another organism. A mutualistic relationship is beneficial to both organisms. Their size varies from under a millimetre to about 3 metres. The largest known species is the seep tube worm ("Lamellibrachia lymnesi"), which is related to the giant tube worm.

Annelids are made of one or more body segments. Each segment has one or more rings. These rings are called "annuli" (singular: 'annulus' = 'little ring'). Annelids reproduce sexually by hermaphroditic cross-fertilization. They can regenerate cut off pieces of their body, unlike sponges, which can come back together if ripped apart. They have a hydrostatic skeleton, a one-way digestion system, and bilateral symmetry.

Annelid worms have a nervous system. The brain forms a ring round the pharynx (throat), consisting of a pair of ganglia (local control centers) above and in front of the pharynx, linked by nerve cords either side of the pharynx to another pair of ganglia just below and behind it. In some very mobile and active polychaetes the brain is enlarged and more complex, with visible hindbrain, midbrain and forebrain sections.

The rest of the central nervous system is usually 'ladder-like', with a pair of nerve cords that run along the bottom part of the body cavity. In each segment there are paired ganglia linked by a cross-connection. From each segmental ganglion a branching system of local nerves runs into the body wall and then encircles the body. 


Polychaete

Polychaetes, or bristle worms, are a class of annelid worms.

They are generally found in a marine environment. There are more than 10,000 known species in this class. They are ancient animals, dating back to 518 million years ago. They are first found in the early Cambrian fossil beds of Sirius Passet in Greenland.

Each of their body segments has some fleshy protrusions that stand out. These 'parapodia' have many bristles, which are made of chitin. This is different from the Oligochaeta, which are similar in form, but only have a few bristles.

Common species are the lugworm, and the clam worm "Nereis" (which is sometimes also called a 'sandworm').

Polychaetes are segmented worms, generally less than in length, although ranging at the extremes from to . They are often brightly coloured, and may be iridescent or even luminescent.

Each segment bears a pair of paddle-like parapodia, which are used for movement. In many species, the parapodia, well supplied with blood vessels, act as the worm's primary respiratory surfaces. Bundles of bristles stick out from the parapodia.

Some bristle worms have poison bristles. The bristles will break off in the skin of a predator that tries to pick up the animal and sting the predator painfully.

The head, or prostomium, is relatively well developed, compared with other annelids. It is forward over the mouth, which lies on the animal's underside. The head normally includes two to four pair of eyes, although there are some blind species. These eyes are fairly simple structures, capable of distinguishing between light and dark. Some species have large eyes with lenses that may be capable of real vision.

The head also includes a pair of antennae, tentacle-like palps, and a pair of pits lined with cilia, known as "nuchal organs". These latter appear to be chemoreceptors which help the worm seek out food.

Polychaetes vary in form and lifestyle. Most burrow or build tubes in the sediment, some swim among the plankton, and some live as commensals. A few are parasitic.

The mobile forms tend to have well-developed sense organs and jaws, while the stationary forms lack them, but may have specialized gills or tentacles used for respiration and deposit or filter feeding, e.g., fanworms.

A few groups have evolved to live in terrestrial environments, but are restricted to humid areas. Some have even evolved tubes that open inwards from the skin which work like simple lungs, absorbing oxygen from the air and allowing release of waste gases.


Most bristle worms are scavengers, but some are good predators, eating fishes and coral. Others like to eat algae. They are usually found hiding in reefs and rocky places. They crawl along the sea floor or the bottom of a tide pool, looking for something to eat.

Lugworm

The lugworm ("Arenicola marina"), also known as the sandworm, is a large marine worm of the phylum Annelida. Lugworms make the coiled tubes of sand that are a familiar sight on a beach at low tide. The lugworm itself is not seen except by people who dig them up from curiosity or to use as fishing bait.

The lugworm lives in a U-shaped tube in the sand, and filters out its food from the water.

Arenicola marina can grow to about 5 inches long (13 cm). Its body is segmented, like that of an earthworm. It has bristles in the middle of its body. It is a polychaete. It also has well-developed blood-vessels, and gills to breathe in the water. 

Although the textbook example is usually "Arenicola marina", there is a second species, "Arenicola defodiens", which lives a similar life. It grows to about 9 inches long (23 cm)

Alitta succinea

Alitta succinea, also known as the pile worm or clam worm, is a common polychaete worm. 

It is a species of ragworm or sandworm. The terms can refer to any one of a number of other species. 

This worm can reach up to 15 centimeters (6 inches) in length. Most specimens are smaller than this. It is brown coloured at the rear, and reddish-brown on the rest of its body. It has a head with four eyes, two sensory feelers or palps, and eight tentacles. It is a freeswimming polychaete, scavenging on the bottom of shallow marine waters. 

Clam worms are an important food source for bottom-feeding fish and crustaceans. They can protect themselves by secreting a mucous substance which hardens to form a sheath around them.

Planktonic larvae develop, grow into adults and eventually sink to the bottom of the water.

Protozoa

Protozoa are microorganisms. They are single-celled heterotrophic eukaryotes, which eat bacteria and other food sources.

It is an old term, and the wider term protist is generally preferred today. However, 'protozoa' is often used for convenience, especially in junior education. It is a convenient hold-all term, and most systems of taxonomy classify 'protozoa' into several different phyla.

The term is problematic because modern biochemical and genetic techniques show that it includes several quite different kinds of cells. They are found only in moist or aquatic habitats. Many protozoan species are symbionts, some are parasites, and some are predators of soil bacteria and algae. About 30,000 protozoan species are known. The study of protists is called "protistology".


Sandworm

The name Sandworm' can refer to different species:

It can also stand for huge worms in the book Dune by Frank Herbert, see Sandworm (Dune)

Hematophagy

Hematophagy is the habit of certain animals to feed on blood. Blood is rich in proteins. Examples of animals that feed on blood are mosquitoes, vampire bats and leeches.

Crinoidea

The crinoids are a class of echinoderms. They have two forms, the sea lilies, stalked forms attached to the sea floor, and the feather stars, which are free-living.

All crinoids are marine, and live both in shallow water and in depths as great as 6000 meters. The basic echinoderm pattern of fivefold symmetry can be recognized, but most crinoids have many more than five arms. Crinoids have a mouth on the top surface that is surrounded by feeding arms.

The crinoids have a long history. They were the first echinoderms to appear in the fossil record, and have kept their early structure throughout their long career. They were extremely common in the Palaeozoic, and some rocks from the Carboniferous consist almost entirely of fossil crinoids.

Crinoids' mouths faces up towards the surface of the ocean, and the stalked forms feed on the detritus which comes down to the bottom. The mouth is surrounded by many feathery tentacles. They have a U-shaped gut, and their anus is located next to the mouth.

The crinoids were almost wiped out by the extinction event at the end of the Palaeozoic era. Four whole classes became extinct, and the few that survived became the only living class, the Articulata. The stalked members of the class sufered from heavy predation in the Mesozoic. and now all the remaining sea lilies are in deep water, where the competition is less fierce. The feather stars have been much more successful.

In 2005, a stalked crinoid was recorded pulling itself along the sea floor off the Grand Bahama Island. The recording showed a crinoid moving at much faster speeds than was thought possible.

The free-living feather stars first appear in the Upper Triassic. They are related to starfish. As juveniles, they are attached to the sea bottom by a stalk, as their ancestors were. In the adult stage they break away from the stalk and can move about. Some can swim by undulating movements of the arms. Usually, feather stars creep about by using projections at the bottom of the crown, called cirri. They are the only crinoids in shallow water, and are all in the orderComatulidae. Their flexible arms and ability to choose their feeding grounds was undoubtedly important in their success and survival.

During the day, they roll into a ball. But at night, they spread out their arms to catch plankton. Feather stars arrange themselves so the fan faces the flow of the current. The posture serves to present the maximum area of food-collecting surfaces to the incoming water flow, so that more particles will settle on them. They are found mostly in shallow water.

Yorkshire Dales

The Yorkshire Dales (also known as the "Dales") is the name given to an upland area, mostly in Yorkshire, in Northern England. Most of the area falls within the Yorkshire Dales District National Park, created in 1954. The "Dales" is one of the twelve National parks of England and Wales. The area is so called because it is a collection of river valleys ("dale" comes from a Danish word for valley), and the hills in between them. The area is mainly in the historic county of Yorkshire, but today is partly in three modern counties : North Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, and Cumbria.




Suwanee, Georgia

Suwanee is a city in the American state of Georgia. It is in Gwinnett County. In 2020, about 20,786 people lived in Suwanee. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . of it is land and of it (0.7%) is water.

Cumming, Georgia

Cumming is a city in the American state of Georgia. The city is the county seat of Forsyth County. About 7,300 people live in Cumming. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . of it is land and of it (0.6%) is water.


Athens, Georgia

Athens is a town in the American state of Georgia.

It is the county seat of Clarke County.

The University of Georgia is in Athens.


Anaerobic digestion

Anaerobic digestion is the way microorganisms break down organic matter without oxygen. This process happens naturally, but it is called anaerobic digestion when it is supported and contained. 

An anaerobic digester is an industrial system that supports this process. Biodegradation to treat waste is one of the main purposes. Generating biogas to provide fuel is another. It also produces soil improving material. 


Clarke County, Georgia

Clarke County is a county in the American state of Georgia. The county seat of Clarke County is Athens, Georgia. Clarke county was formed on December 5, 1801 and named after Revolutionary War hero Elijah Clarke. The University of Georgia is in Clarke County. At the 2020 census, Clarke county had 128,671 people.


Forsyth County, Georgia

Forsyth County is a county in the American state of Georgia. The county seat of Forsyth County is Cumming, Georgia. Forsyth County has one of the fastest growing populations of any county in the United States. The number of people grew from 98,407 to 175,511 between 2000 and 2010, and was 251,283 in 2020. The county was made in 1832 and is named after John Forsyth. The county has five main high schools including; North Forsyth, West Forsyth, Lambert High, Forsyth Central, and South Forsyth.


Johns Creek, Georgia

Johns Creek is a city in the American state of Georgia. It was made a city on December 1, 2006. It is a suburb in the northeast of Atlanta. Johns Creek has about 82,000 people living in it. It is a part of Fulton County. Johns Creek is the 10th largest city in Georgia.


The Black Parade

The Black Parade is a 2006 album by the band My Chemical Romance. It is the third album from the band. The album is a concept album. The songs on this album follow the life of The Patient, a man dying of cancer. The album takes the listener into The Patient's mind, fears, regrets, and accomplishments. 

Much like their first two albums, "The Black Parade" offers a message of hope. 

"The Black Parade" is: Ray Toro, Mikey Way, Gerard Way, Frank Iero, and Bob Bryar.



Biogas

Biogas is a gas produced by the digestion in an oxygen free (anaerobic digestion) or fermentation of organic matter. The organic matter can be manure, sewage, municipal waste, compost, food waste or any other biodegradable raw material. Biogas is mainly methane and carbon dioxide. Depending on where it is produced, biogas is also called:


Biogas can be used as a vehicle fuel or to generate electricity. It can also be burned directly for cooking, heating, lighting, process heat and absorption refrigeration.

Anaerobic digestion is much used to make biogas from biodegradable waste because valuable fuel can be produced while destroying disease-causing pathogens and reducing the volume of disposed waste products. The methane in bio gas burns more cleanly than coal, and produces more energy with less emissions of carbon dioxide. The harvesting of bio gas is an important role of waste management because methane is a greenhouse gas with a greater global warming potential than carbon dioxide. The carbon in bio gas was generally recently extracted from the atmosphere by photosynthetic plants, so releasing it back into the atmosphere adds less total atmospheric carbon than the burning of fossil fuels.

The composition of biogas varies depending on how it is made. Landfill gas typically has methane concentrations around 50%. Advanced waste treatment technologies can produce biogas with 55-75%CH.




Liturgy

A liturgy is a ceremony, according to the traditions of a particular group or event. In religion, it may mean an elaborate formal ritual (such as the Catholic Mass), or a daily activity such as the Muslim Salats. Anglican, Orthodox, Lutheran, or other groups, when using the words "the liturgy", normally mean a standardized order of events observed during a religious service, often including the Eucharist or Communion. The "open" or "waiting" worship of Quakers is an example of a non-liturgical service because there is no structured order of events.




Mass (liturgy)

Mass is the term used to describe celebration of the Eucharist in the Western liturgical rites of the Roman Catholic Church, Old Catholic Churches, in the Anglo-Catholic tradition of Anglicanism, and in some largely High Church Lutheran regions: in Scandinavian and Baltic countries the Lutheran Eucharistic service is also known as "the Mass".

The term comes from the late-Latin word "missa" (dismissal), a word used in the concluding formula of Mass in Latin: ""Ite, missa est"" ("Go, it is the dismissal"). Dismissal means that someone is allowed to leave. In this case, people are being allowed to leave because Mass is finished. In another sense, it also means that people are allowed to leave to go on a mission to tell other people about Jesus and Christianity.

Mass is the most important ceremony and form of worship in the Catholic Church. The Eucharist is thought to be the most important part of Christian life because that is when the blood and body of Christ is received in the form of bread and wine as a sacrifice.

A Sunday Mass is about an hour long. On other days, it is about half an hour. A Mass can be longer or shorter depending on how many people there are taking Communion.

A good Catholic is supposed to go to Mass every Sunday and on some other holy days. Even though Mass can be on other days, a Catholic is still supposed to go to one on Sunday.

There are four parts in a Catholic Mass. They are all the same all around the world but in different languages. The four parts are the Introductory Rites, the Liturgy of the Word, the Liturgy of the Eucharist, and Concluding Rites.

The priest comes in and everyone does the sign of the cross. He greets everyone in the congregation. Then people confess their sins together and ask the Lord for mercy. After that, they sing the hymn Gloria and the priest says a prayer called the collect.

In this part of Mass, some parts of the Bible are read. They are a first reading (which can be from either the Old or New Testament), a psalm, a second reading from the New Testament, and a reading from the Gospel. Then the priest will have a short sermon (homily). After that, the Apostles' Creed is said. Finally, some intercessory prayers can be made on behalf on another person.

During the Liturgy of the Eucharist, the bread and wine is offered at the altar. The priest consecrates them, which is when he says that they are the body (bread) and blood (wine) of Jesus. According to the teachings of the Catholic Church, this turns them into the actual blood and body of Christ (transubstantiation) even though they still look, smell, and taste like bread and wine.

After this, the Lord's Prayer is said. Next, people in the congregation do a sign of peace (usually a nod or handshake while saying "peace" or "peace be with you") with one another to show that they are now one family in Christ. The bread and wine are then eaten in a process called Communion. Only baptized Catholics who are sorry for their sins are allowed to take part in Communion.

After Communion, there is a prayer to give thanks to God.

There may be announcements about important things going on in the parish during this time.

The priest blesses everyone and dismisses them.


Roman Catholic doctrine
Present form of the Roman rite of the Mass

Tridentine form of the Roman rite of the Mass

Anglican Doctrine and practice

Lutheran doctrine

Woodpecker

The woodpeckers and its near relatives the piculets, wrynecks and sapsuckers are the family Picidae. They are near-passerine birds. Members of the Picidae are found worldwide, except for the parts of old Gondwana which they did not get to: Australia, New Zealand, Madagascar and Antarctica. Most species live in forests or woodland habitats.

The Picidae are just one of the eight living families in the order Piciformes. DNA sequence analyses have shown they are a clade.

There are about 240 species and about 35 genera in this family. Many species are threatened or endangered due to loss of habitat or habitat fragmentation.

All the special features (traits) of the woodpeckers are adaptations to their mode of life.

Members of the family Picidae have strong bills for drilling and drumming on trees and long sticky tongues for extracting food. The bills of piculets and wrynecks are shorter, and less strong and sharp than those of woodpeckers, but their morphology is very similar.

Woodpeckers operate mainly on tree trunks, staying in place propped up by their stiff tail feathers. Piculets and wrynecks live mainly on the branches, and they lack the stiffened tail feathers.

The woodpecker bill's chisel-like tip is kept sharp by the pecking action on wood. With their smaller bill size, many piculets and wrynecks will forage in decaying wood more often than woodpeckers. The long sticky tongues, which have bristles, help the birds grab and extracting insects from deep in a hole of a tree. Detailed studies published in 2004 showed that the tongue wraps around the prey before being pulled out.

Many of the foraging, breeding and signalling behaviours of woodpeckers involve drumming and hammering using the bill. To prevent brain damage from the rapid and repeated decelerations, woodpeckers have a number of adaptations which protect the brain. These include small brain size, the orientation of the brain within the skull (which spreads the area of contact between the brain and the skull) and the short duration of contact.

The unequal length of the upper and lower parts of their beaks (the lower being longer), serves to steer the impact force downwards, away from the brain. Also, the woodpecker’s brain is held in a skull with uneven, spongy plates that absorb shock. Third, woodpeckers have a special hyoid bone, which reaches from their beak, loops over top of the skull to completely surround their brains. This acts to keep the brain in place. It is the movement of the brain inside the skull during impact, more than the blow itself, that causes concussions. If the brain is held in place, injury risks are greatly reduced.

The millisecond before contact with wood a thickened nictitating membrane closes, protecting the eye from flying debris. The nostrils are also protected; they are often slit-like and have special feathers to cover them.

Woodpeckers, piculets and wrynecks all have zygodactyl feet. These feet have four toes, the first and the fourth face backward, and the second and third face forward. This foot arrangement is good for grasping the limbs and trunks of trees. Members of this family can walk vertically up a tree trunk. In addition to the strong claws and feet, woodpeckers have short strong legs. This is typical of birds that regularly forage on trunks. The tails of all woodpeckers except the piculets and wrynecks are stiffened, and when the bird perches on vertical surfaces, the tail and feet work together to support it.

The wrynecks (genus "Jynx") are two species of small Old World woodpeckers.

They are very similar to true woodpeckers, but lack the stiff tail feathers that woodpeckers use when climbing trees. They are more likely to perch on a branch rather than an upright trunk. Their bills are shorter and less dagger-like than in the true woodpeckers. Their chief prey is ants and other insects, which they find in decaying wood or almost bare soil. They re-use woodpecker holes for nesting, rather than making their own holes. The eggs are white, as with many hole nesters.

These birds can turn their heads almost 180 degrees. When disturbed at the nest, they use this snake-like head twisting and hissing as a threat display. This odd behaviour led to their use in witchcraft, hence to put a "jinx" on someone.

Piri Reis

Piri Reis (full name Hadji Muhiddin Piri Ibn Hadji Mehmed) (about 1465 – 1554 or 1555) was an Ottoman-Turkish admiral and cartographer born between 1465 and 1470 in Gallipoli on the Aegean coast of Turkey. Today, people remember him because of the maps he made. He made the first Ottoman map to show parts of the Americas, the Piri Reis map, in 1513. He drew a second map in 1528. Only a fragment of that map survives today. That fragment however, shows parts of North America, including Greenland. It goes from the coast of Labrador and Newfoundland in the north, to Florida,Cuba and parts of Central America in the south. Therefore, some people believe he drew a map of the Arctic about 200 years before it was discovered.

Walter Sutton

Walter Stanborough Sutton (5 April 1877 – 10 November 1916) was an American biologist and surgeon. Sutton was born in Utica, New York and raised in Russell, Kansas. He got Bachelors and Masters degres from the University of Kansas. Sutton then went to Columbia University and got his doctorate in medicine in 1907.

In 1903 Sutton suggested that chromosomes, which segregate in a Mendelian fashion, are hereditary units. Edmund B. Wilson (1856–1939), Sutton's teacher, and the author of one of the most famous text-books in biology, called this the "Sutton–Boveri hypothesis".

Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008 TV series)

Star Wars: The Clone Wars is an Canadian computer-animated television series created by George Lucas and by Lucasfilm Animation set during "" from Three Months after the Battle of Geonosis and before Revenge of the Sith when Anakin turns evil. The series became very popular around the world on Cartoon Network as U.S. Cartoon Network owned rights for season 1-5 but as season 6 was relicenced to Netflix in U.S. and Canada. Disney had cancelled the show due to want more of Star Wars Episode 7 and Star Wars Rebels but in September 7 2014 on star wars.com a story arc with rough animation reel was the unreleased episodes due to cancellation and Star Wars Son of Dathomir was turned in to a comic book and another one will come with Asajj Ventress in June 2015.

The Clone Wars has begin as the Jedi Knights struggle to maintain peace in the galaxy and are forced to lead the Clone army of the republic against the evil droids army of the Sith lead by Count Dooku, General Grievous and other villains.



The series was spinoff the 2D cartoon series made to a 3D series. George Lucas (executive producer) had first the idea as wanting to make a series based on the clone wars. George Lucas intended to make 100 episodes in five seasons.
The first set of episodes were combined to form a movie, which was released in theaters in 2008. Then the television series continued from there.

Lucasfilm had Originally produced 100 episodes divided in 5 seasons but Dave Filoni had confirmed on his Facebook a sixth season coming in Early 2014 on Netflix and a sixith season came with 11 episodes but there were still unfinished episodes and story arcs so the Clone Wars Legacy had an unreleased rought animatic story arc on starwars.com and turned in to comic books and novels.

In 2020, a seventh and final season was released on Disney Plus. This was an additional 12 episodes.
The series airs on Cartoon Network U.S. and Cartoon Network Worldwide. First in U.S. in 2008. Netflix had obtained rights for season six.

The seasons of the show was made in DVD released in volumes as Season Two Volume titled Commando Commanders. DVD called Return of Darth Maul containing Darth Maul return story arc and Asajj Ventress new life. After Season Six came on Netflix the season came on DVD titled "The Lost Missions' 

Darth Maul

Darth Maul is a fictional character from the "Star Wars" universe. The character first appeared in the movie "" in 1999. Darth Maul has also been in many books set in the time period just before the Clone Wars. Darth Maul was played by Ray Park in the movie.

Darth Maul is the first known apprentice of Darth Sidious. Maul is a Sith lord who uses the Dark Side of the Force. Darth Maul has black and red tattoos covering his head and face, a crown of small horns, and evil yellow eyes. He uses a red, double bladed lightsaber as a weapon. He flies the starship "The Sith Infiltrator".

After Nute Gunray, the viceroy of the Trade Federation, loses Queen Amidala, Darth Sidious sends Darth Maul to track her down. Darth Maul follows her to Tatooine, where he sends out probe droids to find her. As Anakin, the Queen and the Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn get ready to leave the planet, Darth Maul attacks on his speeder and Maul and Qui-Gon battle. After losing the Queen, Darth Sidious sends Darth Maul to Naboo to watch over the planet. When the Queen launches an attack, Darth Maul shows himself again. This time Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi start to battle with him. Darth Maul kills Qui-Gon and almost pushes Obi-Wan down a pit. In the end, Obi-Wan uses Qui-Gon's lightsaber to cut Darth Maul in half. Darth Maul fell down the pit, but somehow survived, as shown when he turns up again in the 2008 animated TV series, "".


Probe droid

Probe droids are robots in the "Star Wars" movies. They are used for spying and finding people. Darth Maul used probe droids to find Queen Amidala and the Jedi in "The Phantom Menace". In "The Empire Strikes Back", the Imperials use the probe droids to find the Rebel base.

Count Dooku

Count Dooku of Serenno (also known as Darth Tyranus) is a character from the "Star Wars" universe. Dooku is one of the major characters in "". He was played by late Christopher Lee. 

He is the second known student of Darth Sidious. Dooku is also the leader of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars.

Clone Wars (Star Wars)

The Clone Wars was a period in the "Star Wars" movies. It was first mentioned in "" (1977) and was explored later in several films, books, and television series.

Within the "Star Wars" franchise, the Clone Wars are a galactic war that lasted from 22 BBY to 19 BBY. The war was fought by the Galactic Republic and the Jedi Order on one side against the Confederacy of Independent Systems and the Sith on the other. Ultimately, both sides lost and the Galactic Empire was born under Sith rule.

The war began during the events of "" (2002) and ended in "" (2005). In 2008, an animated film called and a were released. These focused on the events that occurred in between.

Other less prominent media have explored this period as well, such as "" (an animated series from 2003 to 2005) and comic books focusing on Darth Maul. Several new Star Wars characters were created in this period that have become very popular, such as Ahsoka Tano and Asajj Ventress.

Prokaryote

Prokaryotes (or "Monera") are some of the simplest living things. They are unicellular organisms and they include two major divisions of simple living beings: bacteria, and Archaea. They generally do not have a cell nucleus, nuclear membrane or cell organelles, however a small number of exceptions have been found. Prokaryotes possess genetic material in the form of a single DNA loop called a Nucleoid that floats around freely inside the cell. Bacteria include the Cyanobacteria (formerly known as blue-green algae due to their photosynthetic capacity).

Some form biofilms that are somewhat like multicellular organisms.

Besides a nucleus, prokaryotes lack other things eukaryotes (cells with a true nucleus) have. They reproduce without fusion of gametes. They do not have membranes. This means that there are no vacuoles, Golgi apparatus, endoplasmic reticula or other organelles inside the cell. However, they do have ribosomes, though of a simpler kind than eukaryotes. Eukaryote cells include organelles which were once free-living prokaryotes.

In 1977, Carl Woese proposed dividing prokaryotes into the Bacteria and Archaea (originally Eubacteria and Archaebacteria) because of the major differences in the structure and genetics between the two groups of organisms. This arrangement of Eukaryota (also called "Eukarya"), Bacteria, and Archaea is called the three-domain system, replacing the traditional two-empire system.

The Archaea include simple organisms which were first discovered in extreme environments. Most of them can survive at very high or very low temperatures. Some of them can also survive in highly salty, acidic or alkaline water. Some have been found in geysers, black smokers or oil wells.

The prokaryotes may not be a monophyletic, taxonomic group of common descent, but merely a group of similar organisms. The relationships between Archaea, Eubacteria and Eukaryota are assessed differently by different scientists. The three-domain system of Carl Woese treats them as one monophyletic group.

Cuttlebone

Cuttlebone is a hard brittle structure found inside cuttlefish. Like seashells, the cuttlebone is made of calcium carbonate. The cuttlebone is special as it is covered with tiny holes that the cuttlefish can fill with water or air. This allows the cuttlefish to control its ability to float or sink in water. In the past, cuttlebones were used to make polishing powder. This power was then added to toothpaste to make it look white. Today, cuttlebone is mainly used for caged birds and turtles in their habitats, so they get their calcium easily and fast.

Decapodiformes

Decapodiformes is a superorder of Cephalopoda. It includes cephalopods with ten feet. These are usually eight short arms and two long tentacles. Well-known members are cuttlefish, squid, and the extinct belemnites. 


Octopodiformes

Octopodiformes is a group of cephalopods with eight arms and no skeletal structure. They include Octopods and the Vampire squid. 

Octopoda

Octopoda is one of the largest orders which contain the common octopus and some other types. Fossils are rare, but they do have a fossil record starting in the later Carboniferous.

Octopods are put into two suborders. One, the Incirrina, is composed of the well-known "Octopus" of rocky shores and coral reefs and its relatives. The other suborder, the Cirrina, contains octopods whose tentacles are linked by an umbrella-like mantle, so their activity is rather different from the common octopus.

Vampyromorphida

Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods. There are one extant species ("Vampyroteuthis infernalis") and several extinct taxa in it.



Diana Burrell

Diana Burrell (born 25 October 1948) is an English composer. She was born in Norwich, Norfolk. She went to Norwich High School for Girls and then studied music at the University of Cambridge. She started her career as a viola player, but soon became well known for her compositions was able to be a full-time composer.

Her first big orchestral piece was called "Landscape" (1988). It describes the wild, windswept countryside. It won an Encore Award from the Royal Philharmonic Society and BBC Radio 3. Another orchestral work has a long title in German: "Das Meer so gross und weit ist da wimmelts ohne Zahlgrosse kleine Tiere" ("The sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals"). It describes the sounds and the atmosphere of the sea.

Burrell has written other orchestral works including concertos for viola, flute and clarinet, an opera "The Albatross" (1997), lots of choral works and chamber music. She likes modern architecture and her music sometimes shows this in the way it is shaped. She has also written music for young people such as "Lights and Shadows" (1989) which includes children’s choir, recorder group and lots of percussion.

Burrell teaches at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and is artistic director of Spitalfields Festival in London. She lives in East London.


James (son of Zebedee)

Saint James, son of Zebedee (death 44 AD) was one of the apostles of Jesus. He was the son of "Zebedee" and "Salome" and brother of John the Evangelist. He is called Saint James the Greater to distinguish (mark as different) him from the other apostle named James 
(James, son of Alphaeus). James is described as one of the first disciples who joined Jesus. The Synoptic Gospels tell that James and John were with their father by the seashore when Jesus called them to begin traveling (Mt.4:21–22, Mk.1:19–20). According to Mark, James and John were called "Boanerges", or the "Sons of Thunder" (3:17). Acts of the Apostles 12:1–2 records that King Herod had James executed by sword (Ac.12:1–2). He was likely the first of the apostles martyred for his faith.

According to ancient local tradition, on 2 January of the year AD 40, the Virgin Mary appeared to James on the bank of the Ebro River at Caesaraugusta, while he was preaching the Gospel in Spain. She supposedly appeared upon a pillar, Nuestra Señora del Pilar, and that pillar is conserved and venerated within the present Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar, in Zaragoza, Spain. Following that apparition, St James returned to Judea, where he was beheaded by King Herod Agrippa I in the year 44. 

The translation of his relics from Judea to Galicia in the northwest of Iberia was effected, in legend, by a series of miraculous happenings: decapitated in Jerusalem with a sword by Herod Agrippa himself, his body was taken up by angels, and sailed in a rudderless, unattended boat to Iria Flavia in Spain, where a massive rock closed around his relics, which were later removed to Compostela. The 12th-century "Historia Compostellana" gives a summary of the legend of St James as it was believed at Compostela. Two ideas are central to it: first, that St James preached the gospel in Spain as well as in the Holy Land; second, that after his martyrdom at the hands of Herod Agrippa I his disciples carried his body by sea to Spain, where they landed at Padrón on the coast of Galicia, and took it inland for burial at Santiago de Compostela. 

The authenticity of the sacred relics of Compostela was asserted in the Bull of Pope Leo XIII, "Omnipotens Deus," of 1 November 1884. 

The tradition at Compostela placed the discovery of the relics of the saint in the time of king Alfonso II (791–842) and of bishop Theodemir of Iria. These traditions were the basis for the pilgrimage route that began to be established in the 9th century, and the shrine dedicated to James at Santiago de Compostela, in Galicia in Spain, became the most famous pilgrimage site in the Christian world. St James's Way is a tree of routes that cross Western Europe and arrive at Santiago through Northern Spain. Eventually James became the patron saint of Spain.

The name "James" in English comes from "Iacobus" (Jacob) in Latin. In eastern Spain, Jacobus became "Jacome" or "Jaime"; in Catalunya, it became Jaume, in western Spain it became "Iago", and Portugal and Galicia it was Tiago. "Saint James" ("Sanctus Jacobus") became "Sant' Iago", which was abbreviated to "Santiago". James's emblem was the scallop shell (or "cockle shell"), and pilgrims to his shrine often wore that symbol on their hats or clothes.



Saint James

Saint James could mean any of the following:


In "transportation",

In the United States:

In the United Kingdom:

Other nations:

Vampire squid

The Vampire squid ("Vampyroteuthis infernalis", 'vampire squid from hell') is a small, deep-sea cephalopod. It can be found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world.

It has special filaments it can retract; because of this, it has been placed in its own order: "Vampyromorphida" (formerly "Vampyromorpha"). It is similar to both squid and octopus. It is the only surviving member of its order. It was first described and mistakenly identified as an octopus in 1903.

The vampire squid can grow to about 30 cm (1 foot) in total length. It is no threat to humans. Its 15 cm (6 inch) gelatinous body varies in color between velvety jet-black and pale reddish, depending on location and lighting conditions. A webbing of skin connects its eight arms, each lined with rows of fleshy spines or "cirri". The inside of this "cloak" is black. Only the distal half (farthest from the body) of the arms have suckers. Its limpid, globular eyes—which appear red or blue, also depending on lighting—are proportionately the largest in the animal kingdom at 2.5 cm (1 inch) in diameter.

Mature adults have a pair of ear-like fins. These fins stand out from the lateral sides of the mantle. They serve as the adult's primary means of propulsion (moving around): Vampire Squid are said to "fly" through the water by way of flapping their fins. Their powerful beak-like jaws are as white as ivory. Within the webbing are two pouches. These pouches hide the tactile "velar filaments". The filaments are analogous to a true squid's tentacles, extending well past the arms, however, they are a different arm pair than the squid's tentacles. Instead, the filaments are the same pair that were lost by the ancestral octopuses.

The Vampire Squid is covered entirely in light-producing organs called photophores. The animal has great control over the organs. It is capable of producing disorienting flashes of light for fractions of a second to several minutes in duration. The intensity and size of the photophores can also be varied. Appearing as small white discs, the photophores are larger and more complex at the tips of the arms and at the base of the two fins. They are absent from the underside of the caped arms. Two larger white areas on top of the head were initially believed to be photophores too, but have turned out to be photoreceptors.

The chromatophores (pigment organs) common to most cephalopods are poorly developed in Vampire Squid. While this means the animal is not capable of changing its skin colour in the dramatic fashion of shallow-dwelling cephalopods, such trickery is not needed at the pitch black depths in which it lives.

The Vampire Squid is an extreme example of a deep-sea cephalopod. People think it lives at aphotic (lightless) depths from 600 to 900 metres (2,000-3,000 feet) or more. Within this region of the world's oceans is a discrete habitat known as the oxygen minimum zone (OMZ). Within the OMZ oxygen saturation is too low to support aerobic metabolism in most higher organisms. Nonetheless, the Vampire Squid is able to live normally in the OMZ at oxygen saturations as low as 3%; something no other cephalopod—and few other animals—can do.

In order to cope with life in this habitat, vampire squid have developed several radical adaptations. Of all deep-sea cephalopods, their metabolic rate is the lowest. Their blue blood hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen most efficiently, aided by gills with especially large surface area. The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts (balancing organs akin to a human's inner ear) and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater.

At the shallower end of the Vampire Squid's vertical range, the view from below is like the sky at twilight: The highly sensitive eyes of deepwater dwellers are able to distinguish the silhouettes of other animals moving overhead. To combat this, the vampire squid generates its own bluish light (bioluminescence) in a strategy called counterillumination: The light diffuses the animal's silhouette, effectively "cloaking" its presence from the watchful eyes below. Its own large eyes detect even the faintest of gleams. A pair of photoreceptors are located on top of its head, perhaps alerting the animal to movements above.

Like other deep-sea cephalopods, Vampire Squid have no ink sacs. If threatened, instead of ink, a sticky cloud of bioluminescent mucus containing innumerable orbs of blue light is ejected from the arm tips. This luminous barrage, which may last nearly 10 minutes, is presumably meant to daze would-be predators and allow the Vampire Squid to disappear into the blackness without the need to swim far. The display is made only if the animal is very agitated.

Their development goes through three forms: the very young animals have a single pair of fins, an intermediate form has two pairs, and the mature form again has one. As the animals grow and their surface area to volume ratio drops, the fins are resized and repositioned in order to maximize gait efficiency. Whereas the young propel themselves primarily by jet propulsion, mature adults find flapping their fins to be the most efficient means. This unique ontogeny caused confusion in the past, with the varying forms identified as several species in distinct families (Young 2002).

The Vampire Squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs. Growth is slow as food is not abundant at depths where the animals live. The vastness of their habitat and its sparse population make procreative encounters a fortuitous event. The female may store a male's hydraulically implanted spermatophore (a sort of tapered, cylindrical satchel of sperm) for long periods before she is ready to fertilize her eggs. Once she does, she may need to brood over them for up to 400 days before they hatch. The female will not eat towards this culmination and dies shortly thereafter.

Hatchlings are about 8 mm in length and are well-developed miniatures of the adults, with some differences. Their arms lack webbing, their eyes are smaller and their velar filaments are not fully formed. The hatchlings are transparent and survive on a generous internal yolk for an unknown period before they begin to actively feed. The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters, perhaps feeding on marine snow (falling organic detritus).

What behavioral data known has been gleaned from ephemeral encounters with ROVs; animals are often damaged during capture and survive for no more than about two months in aquaria. An artificial environment makes reliable observation of non-defensive behavior difficult.

With their long velar filaments deployed, Vampire Squid have been observed drifting along in the deep, black ocean currents. If the filaments contact an entity, or if vibrations impinge upon them, the animals investigate with rapid acrobatic movements. They are capable of swimming at speeds equivalent to two body lengths per second, with an acceleration time of five seconds. However, their weak muscles limit stamina considerably.

Unlike their relatives living in more hospitable depths, deep-sea cephalopods cannot afford to spend energy in protracted flight. Given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths, Vampire Squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to save energy. Their aforementioned bioluminescent "fireworks" are combined with the writhing of glowing arms, erratic movements and escape trajectories. These features make it difficult for a predator to home in.

In a threat response called "pumpkin" or "pineapple posture", the Vampire Squid inverts its caped arms back over the body, presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines (called cirri). The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented, masking most of the body's photophores. The glowing arm tips are clustered together far above the animal's head, diverting attack away from critical areas. If a predator were to bite off an arm tip, the Vampire Squid can regenerate it.

Copepods, prawns and cnidarians have all been reported as prey of Vampire Squid. Little else is known regarding their feeding habits. Considering their environment,they are unlikely to be picky about food. Vampire Squid have been found among the stomach contents of large deepwater fish, deep diving whales and pinnipeds such as sea lions.

The Vampyromorphida are characterized by the possession of photophores, a peculiar type of uncalcified endoskeleton called "gladius", 8 webbed arms and the 2 velar filaments. Until fairly recently known only from the modern species and some fossil remains tentatively allocated to this group, a batch of kirbys from the Middle Jurassic c.165-164 million years ago (mya) specimens found at La Voulte-sur-Rhône demonstrated that clearly vampyromorphid cephalopods were in existence for far longer than has been hitherto believed. These were described as "Vampyronassa rhodanica".

The supposed vampyromorphids from Solnhofen limestone (156-146 mya), "Plesioteuthis prisca", "Leptoteuthis gigas", and "Trachyteutis hastiformis", are large species, and show features not found in vampyromorphids. They are similar to the true squids, Teuthida (Fischer & Riou 2002).



Classical Greece

Classical Greece was the period in ancient Greece from about 500–323 BC. It had a civilisation and style which was considered by later observers to be outstanding. Politically, the classical period was dominated by Athens and the Delian League during the 5th century, or from the beginning of the Greco-Persian Wars to the Peloponnesian War in 404 BC. It is considered to have ended in 323 BC with the death of Alexander the Great and the subsequent collapse of the Macedonian Empire.

Classical Greece was followed by the Hellenistic period of history.

Gwinnett County, Georgia

Gwinnett County is a county in the American state of Georgia. The county seat of Gwinnett County is Lawrenceville. The county was created on December 15, 1818. The U.S. Census Bureau says there were 957,062 people living in Gwinnett County in 2020.

The county was named for Button Gwinnett, one of the people who signed the United States Declaration of Independence for Georgia.


University of Georgia

The University of Georgia (UGA) is a university that is in and around Athens, Georgia. The university was created January 27, 1785 and was the first state university in the United States. However, it was not the first state university to hold classes or to graduate students. That honor belongs to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

About 34,000 students go to the school. The university's mascot is a bulldog named "Uga".
Only white male students studied at UGA during the first century of its history. UGA began educating female students during the summer of 1903. Women were not admitted as full-time undergraduates until 1918. Before official admission of women to the university, several women were able to complete graduate degrees through credit earned during the summer sessions. The first woman to earn such a degree was Mary Lyndon. She received a Master of Arts degree in 1914. Mary Creswell earned the first undergraduate degree in June 1919, a B.S. in Home Economics. Two UGA dormitories are named after these graduates: Creswell Hall and Mary Lyndon Hall.

Racial integration started in 1961, with the admission of Hamilton E. Holmes and Charlayne Hunter after notable tension with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. In 2001, on the fortieth anniversary of their having first registered for classes, the university renamed a prominent campus building in their honor: Holmes-Hunter Academic Building. Although Hunter and Holmes were the first African-American students to matriculate at UGA, Mary Frances Early became the first African-American graduate by earning her master’s (MMEd) in music education in 1962. In 1963, Chester Davenport became the first African-American admitted to the UGA School of Law and its first African-American graduate (LL.B. 1966). A decade later, Sharon Tucker was the first female African-American law graduate, earning her J.D. in 1974.

Gerhard Armauer Hansen

Gerhard Hendrik Armauer Hansen (July 29, 1841 - February 12, 1912) was a Norwegian doctor. He is famous for discovering the bacteria that causes leprosy in 1873. That disease is also called "Hansen's disease" in his honour. 

Fire station

A fire station (also known as a firehouse or fire hall) is a building for storing fire engines and other firefighting equipment.

Some fire stations are staffed by full-time firefighters. These fire stations have offices and living areas for them. There will also be beds, for when they are on duty at night. They wait at the fire station to be called out to an emergency. The firefighters often slide down a pole to get downstairs to the fire engine, as this is quicker than walking down stairs.

In small towns and villages, a fire station may not have full-time firefighters. Instead, these stations have part-time or volunteer firefighters. When there is an emergency, they will drive to the fire station and bring out the fire engine.

Outhouse

An outhouse is a small building that covers a toilet. The toilet inside is often either a pit latrine or a bucket toilet, but other forms of dry (non-flushing) toilets may be found.

Fence (wall)

A fence is something built like a low wall, often made of metal or wood, to keep something in or to keep something out. It differs from a wall, which has a foundation. Fences are usually supported by fenceposts. Fences can be large or small. Many are used in gardens but some are used in different places. A fence differs from a wall in not having a solid foundation along its whole length.

Alternatives to fencing include a ditch (sometimes filled with water, forming a moat).


Uga

Uga or UGA can mean:


Princeton University

Princeton University is a private university in Princeton, New Jersey in the United States. It opened in 1746 with the name "The College of New Jersey". It was eventually named "Princeton University" in 1896. In conversation, it is simply called, "Princeton".

Princeton is one of the 8 Ivy League colleges. It was the fourth official college in the United States.

Princeton's main library, Firestone Library, is one of the biggest university libraries in the world.

In 2013 Forbes put Princeton at number three in their list of "America's Top Colleges".

Princeton works with Coursera.

Dill

Dill ("Anethum graveolens") is a short-lived annual herb that is often used as a spice, to make food taste better by adding a unique, slightly tangy flavor that goes well with savory foods. 

Fresh and dried dill leaves (sometimes called "dill weed" to distinguish it from dill seed) are used as herbs.

Like caraway, its fernlike leaves are aromatic, and are used to flavor many foods, such as gravlax (pickled salmon), borscht and other soups, cream cheese and pickles. Dill is said to be best when used fresh, as it lose its flavor rapidly if dried; however, freeze-dried dill leaves preserve their flavor relatively well for a few months.

Dill seed is used as a spice, with a flavor similar to caraway.

Dill oil can be extracted from the leaves, stems and seeds of the plant.


Turk

Turk or Turks most often refers to:

Mummification

Mummification is how the skin and flesh of a corpse can be preserved. Mummification can happen naturally, or people can do it. Natural mummification happens because the body was very cold (as can be found in a glacier), in acid (as can be found in a bog) or dry. The Egyptians wrapped bandages around the dead body to protect the body from rotting. 

Mummies of humans and other animals have been found on every continent, as a result of natural preservation through unusual conditions, and as cultural artifacts. Over one million animal mummies have been found in Egypt, many of which are cats. They used a hook to remove the brain, taking it out from the nose and they would surgically remove all other organs but the heart, as this was needed for the weighing of the heart ceremony. The organs would then be buried with the mummy in separate containers called canopic jars. 

Intentional mummification was common in ancient Egypt, for burying Egyptian pharaohs. Osiris was probably the first mummy in Egypt. 

It takes about 70 days to complete the mummification of a dead body. The first step is to push a sharp rod up the nose and into the brain. From there, the brain is broken up into tiny pieces and removed through the nose, and then the nose is filled with sawdust. Next, they make a hole in the body to remove all the organs except for the heart. Jars which had the heads of gods on top were used to store the organs. The hole was then filled with linen and spices and the body was left under salt to become dry. Later, after 40 days the body was wrapped in linen bandages. Priests surrounded the body while it was being prepared and performed rituals. After the mummifying process was complete, a mask was placed over the head so it could be known in the afterlife.

Ötzi the Iceman a mummy of a man who lived about 5,300 years ago was found to be naturally mummified by ice. Ötzi was found in 1991 in the Schnalstal glacier, Ötzti Alps, near Hauslabjoch on the border between Austria and Italy.

There were no restrictions on who could be mummified. Any Egyptian who could afford to pay for the expensive process of preserving their bodies for the afterlife was allowed to be mummified. Egyptians believed in life after death, and that death was just a transition from one life to another. They believed that they had to preserve their bodies so they could lead a new life. They would need all the things they had used when they were alive so their family would put those things in their grave. Egyptians paid vast amounts of money to have their bodies properly preserved. It took them 70 days to embalm a body. Canonical jars were used by Egyptians to hold the internal organs. It was very important to Egyptian religion that the human body was preserved. Anubis was a god of mummification, he had a human body and a head of a jackal. His job was to prepare the body of the dead to be received by Osiris, the god of the dead. Osiris will then let the souls on and into the underworld. 

Bandage

A bandage is strip of cloth or other material that is used to stop and absorb blood from wounds.

In common speech, the word "bandage" is often used to mean a dressing, though technically the two are different things.

See these links:

Xenophobia

Xenophobia is the fear or dislike of strangers or unknown things. Xenophobia can also mean the fear of trying new things, but it is usually the fear of differences between people. Xenophobia may be about foreign things or people, or just the attitudes of a group towards other groups. It may increase because of immigration. Apparently, xenophobia has always existed. Even the Ancient Greeks believed that barbarians (non-Greeks) were naturally meant to be enslaved.

Sometimes xenophobia overlaps with other types of phobias such as Afrophobia, Islamophobia, Germanophobia or Anti-Mexican sentiment.

The Vienna Declaration by United Nations declares that all people should have equal human rights and toleration.


Confederacy of Independent Systems

The Confederacy of Independent Systems (also known as the CIS or Separatists) was an organization that appeared in the "Star Wars" movies. The CIS was led by the fallen Jedi Count Dooku. The armies of the Separatists had thousands of battle droids. The CIS launched attacks against the Galactic Republic. The Separatists stayed a strong power until the rise of the Empire.

The Confederacy of Independent Systems was first shown in Attack of the Clones. This movement, led by Count Dooku and secretly Darth Sidious, gained support and soon had support from thousands of solar systems. The Galactic Republic feared that a war would begin. Count Dooku and the Separatist leaders were getting ready for a war. Nute Gunray, leader of the Trade Federation, gave thousands of battle droids to the Separatist army. Other leaders, such as Poggle the Lesser and San Hill, gave money and droids to the Separatist cause. On the planet Geonosis, Count Dooku met with the leaders of powerful companies. Count Dooku gave his offer and the Confederacy of Independent Systems was formed. The Jedi Obi-Wan Kenobi overheard the meeting and sent a warning to the Republic. The Republic sent a newly created clone army to fight the battle droids. This battle on Geonosis began the Clone Wars. The Geonosian Archduke Poggle the Lesser gives the plans of a new weapon to Count Dooku. Count Dooku leaves the planet and goes to Coruscant. He gives the plans to Darth Sidious as well as telling him that the war has begun.

During the Clone Wars, fighting between the Republic and the Separatists continued. Jedi were sent to help the clone armies overcome their enemies. The droid armies fought to hold more planets in its grip. For three years the fighting took place across the Galaxy. The Separatists gained several new allies during the Clone Wars. After the death of Jango Fett on Geonosis, a new bounty hunter named Durge took his place. Count Dooku found a woman named Asajj Ventress who was powerful in the Force. Asajj Ventress proved to be a powerful commander in the Separatist army. A new leader of the Separatists rose at this time. General Grievous was half droid and half alien. He was trained in lightsaber combat by Count Dooku and became feared by Jedi throughout the Galaxy. One of the final and most daring attacks on the Republic came when General Grievous led a large fleet of starships to Coruscant to capture Supreme Chancellor Palpatine.

Supreme Chancellor Palpatine is taken from Coruscant and put on the starship "The Invisible Hand". The Battle of Coruscant is fought both on the ground and in space. Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker get on "The Invisible Hand" and rescue Palpatine. During this rescue, Anakin kills Count Dooku. General Grievous escapes and the Separatist forces are defeated. General Grievous, now the leader of the CIS, goes to Utapau to talk to the leaders of the businesses. Grievous is told by Darth Sidious to move the leaders to Mustafar. Droid armies' attack on Kashyyyk and Utapau. Obi-Wan Kenobi kills General Grievous on Utapau. Nute Gunray becomes the leader after both the deaths of Count Dooku and General Grievous. The new Sith apprentice, Darth Vader, was sent to Mustafar to kill the leaders. After he finished this job, all droid forces were stopped. This marked the end of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and the beginning of the Galactic Empire.



Hedone

Hedone in Greek mythology (which the Romans called Voluptas) was the daughter of Eros and Psyche. She was seen as the personification of lust.


Psyche (psychology)

The psyche is the human mind, conscious and unconscious. The word has a long history, going back to the ancient Greek philosophers such as Heraclitus and Plato.

It was used in older psychology and philosophy as meaning the source or cause of human nature. It is not a scientific term, but the word "psychology" is derived from it. The English word soul was sometimes used synonymously in older texts.

In modern times the word is used as a synonym of mind. 

Lamellibrachia

Lamellibrachia is a genus of "cold seep tube worms". These are related to giant tube worms. They live on the floor of the oceans, near cold seeps. There crude oil and methane leak out of the ocean floor. 

The worm forms a symbiosis with certain bacteria which can oxidise sulphides. The worm provides the bacteria with hydrogen sulphide and oxygen. It does this by taking them up from the environment and binding them to a haemoglobin molecule. In return, the bacteria feed the worm. The worms can grow to a length of about 3 metres.

Together, they form a 'biogenic habitat' by creating groups of hundreds or thousands of individuals. Living in these aggregations are over a hundred different species of organism, many of which are found only at these seeps.

Cold seeps and hydrothermal vents are the only known communities that do not rely on photosynthesis for food and energy production. Unlike hydrothermal vents, which are short-lived environments, cold seeps leak oil and gas slowly. Probably because of the cooler temperatures and stability, many cold seep organisms are much longer-lived than those inhabiting hydrothermal vents. These worm grow very slowly, but can reach lengths of over 10 feet (3 metres). This means individuals may live over 250 years.

Giant tube worm

The Giant tube worm ("Riftia pachyptila") is an annelid. They live on the floor of the oceans (mainly Pacific Ocean), usually near black smokers, a type of hydrothermal vent. They can tolerate extremely high temperatures and levels of sulfur. They live in symbiosis with certain bacteria. The bacteria enter the mouth of a young tube worm, but when the worm gets older its mouth and gut seal up, trapping the bacteria forever. These bacteria are fed with sulfur compounds and oxygen. The bacteria then turn these compounds into organic molecules on which the host worms feed. 

Trans-Siberian railway

The Trans-Siberian Railway or Trans-Siberian Railroad is a set of railways that goes from Moscow and European Russia to the Russian Far East provinces, Mongolia, China and the Sea of Japan.

Because Russia is such a big country, travel from one end and the other is an important problem. In the 1890s, the Russians began building the longest railway in the world to connect Moscow to the Pacific Ocean. Before the railway was built, the trip took about a year along very rough roads. One reason for building the "Trans-Sib" was military: to transport troops to the East in order to protect the country against Japan and China. Another reason was to transport food from the farming areas of south-western Siberia to the people in the European part of Russia. Many cities and industries are built up along the route of the Trans-Siberian Railway. In 1900, it connected with the West Siberian Railway.

Nuclear reaction

A nuclear reaction is a process involving an atomic nucleus or more than one nucleus. The most common kinds are

In the case of radioactivity the reaction is spontaneous. Fission and fusion can be done on purpose, to release energy. This energy can then be used for different things, for example to make steam (as in a nuclear power plant). It can also be used as energy for a bomb.

In the example figure Li fuses with deuterium. This makes Beryllium which then decays into two alpha particles. 

Nuclear reactions occur in the sun, in nuclear reactors, in particle accelerators, and in outer space. Other than radioactive decay, very few nuclear reactions occur on earth except in these special places. Nuclear reactors use nuclear reactions to make heat and electricity. Accelerators sometimes cause nuclear reactions to make radioactive materials. Particles from outer space cause nuclear reactions in earth's atmosphere that make air slightly radioactive.

Nuclear reactions differ from chemical reactions in that they do not need a catalyst. Radioactive decay also cannot be stopped, sped up or slowed down.



St Paul's Cathedral

St Paul's Cathedral is an Anglican church in the City of London. The original version was built by Mellitus in 604 AD. He was Bishop of the East Saxons. 

In 962 and 1087, the cathedral burnt down and was built again. Before today's version of the cathedral, there were four others. The earlier ones burnt down. 

Today's cathedral is made of limestone. It was built after the Great Fire of London in 1666 had destroyed the "Old St Paul's". Its architect was Sir Christopher Wren, who designed a further 50 churches. Wren designed it in the Renaissance style. St Paul's is a popular tourist attraction and is still used as a church today. It is the cathedral of the Church of England Diocese of London.
It is 365 feet (111 meters) high to the cross on top.

Greenhouse

A greenhouse (also called a glass-house or hothouse) is a building where plants such as flowers and vegetables are grown. It usually has a glass or translucent plastic roof. Many greenhouses also have glass or plastic walls. Greenhouses warm up during the day via penetration of the sun's rays which heat the plants, soil and structure. This heat is given up gradually throughout the night.

Greenhouses come in many shapes and sizes, with different functions. Some people have small greenhouses in their backyard, or as a lean-to attached to their home, called mini greenhouses, or tomato houses. They want to start off their seeds and seedlings in a protected environment as well as those growing plants that need warmer conditions. Others, wishing to extend their living space, have house extensions in the form of mini-conservatories. Commercial companies usually have larger greenhouses for horticultural purposes, but have more substantial structures for plant displays where the public is admitted. For the same reason, botanic gardens usually have a high proportion of greenhouses with substantial structures.

Many vegetables and flowers are grown in greenhouses in late winter and early spring, when it is still too cold to grow plants outside. Then these plants move into the soil outside as the weather warms up. Greenhouses are used to grow crops in cold countries such as Canada. The largest group of greenhouses in the world is in Leamington, Ontario (in Canada), where about 200 acres (0.8 km²) of tomatoes are grown in glass greenhouses.

Gardening and growing plants in greenhouses is different from growing plants outside as no rain can get inside a greenhouse, so gardeners have to water plants. Also, greenhouses can get very hot from the sun's heat, so gardeners have to make sure that it does not get too hot for the plants. Greenhouses usually have vents that can be opened to let excess heat out. Some greenhouses have electric exhaust fans that automatically turn on if it gets too hot in the greenhouse. A greenhouse is the place for tender plants such as tomatoes, cucumbers, and aubergines.

Roman gardeners grew cucumbers in frames covered with oiled cloth or with sheets of mica. In the 1500s, Italian gardeners built structures for the tropical plants that explorers brought back to Italy. Jules Charles built the first modern greenhouse in Holland. In the 1800s, large greenhouses were built in England. The greenhouse concept also appeared in the Netherlands and then England in the 17th century


Apprenticeship

Apprenticeship is a system of training people who are learning how to do a job which needs special skill. Someone who is learning in this way is called an "apprentice". An apprentice will learn by working with someone who is already skilled at a job. They are like a teacher and pupil.

The system of apprenticeship has been used for many hundreds of years. In the late Middle Ages the craft guilds and town governments used to watch and control the system. A master craftsman had the right to employ young people to work for them and pay them a small salary. In return the apprentice would be learning the trade. Most apprentices were males, but female apprentices are more common nowadays, especially in crafts such as embroidery, silk-weaving etc..




Battle droid

In the "Star Wars" fictional universe, battle droids are robots that are made for fighting. They are seen in the prequel trilogy of the "Star Wars" movies. Battle droids are used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems to fight the Galactic Republic.Clones of the Republic could easily overcome these droids.The battle droids are controlled by a central droid control ship. If the control ship is destroyed, the droids shut off.


Western long-beaked echidna

The western long-beaked echidna ("Zaglossus bruijni") is one of the echidnas which live in New Guinea. Fossils of this species have also been found in Australia. It is one of the four living echidnas, three of which are species of "Zaglossus".

This echidna lives from 1300m to 4000m above sea level. It lives in alpine meadow and humid forests in the mountains. Unlike the short-beaked echidna which eats ants and termites, the long-beaked species eats earthworms. It is also larger that the short-beaked species. It can be told apart from the other "Zaglossus" species by the number of claws on the front and back feet. It has three (rarely four) claws.

It is an endangered species. Its population has been reduced by habitat loss and hunting. The long-beaked Echidna is good to eat. Although hunting the species has been banned by the Indonesian and Papua New Guinea governments, traditional hunting is permitted.

In February 2006, an expedition led by Conservation International found a population of them in what they described as a "lost world" of wildlife in the Foja Mountains of Papua Province, Indonesia.

The echidnas and Platypus are monotremes, the only mammals to lay eggs.


Short-beaked echidna

The short-beaked echidna ("Tachyglossus aculeatus") is the only member of its genus, and one of four living species of echidna.

The short-beaked echidna, "Tachyglossus", is the spiny anteater because they eat ants and termites. It is covered in fur and spines. It has a special nose (snout) and a special tongue that lets the echidna catch its prey at a great speed. It lays eggs, like the other monotremes.

The echidna lives throughout Australia, and in coastal and highland regions of southwestern New Guinea. In Australia, it is the most widespread native mammal. It is not threatened with extinction, but human activities, such as hunting, habitat destruction, and the introduction of foreign predators and parasites, have reduced its range.

The animal was first described in 1792. "Tachyglossus" means "fast tongue". This is about the speed with which the echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites. The word "aculeatus" means "spiny" or "having spines".

The long-beaked echidna are all bigger than "T. aculeatus". They eat mostly worms and grubs, rather than ants and termites.

There are five subspecies of the short-beaked echidna. Each live in a different area from the others. The subspecies are also different from each other as to hairiness, spine length and width, and the size of the claws on their back feet.

Short-beaked echidnas are usually 30 to 45 centimetres in length. They have a 75-millimetre beak, and weigh between two and five kilograms. The Tasmanian subspecies, "T. a. setosus", is larger than the Australian mainland species.

Because the neck cannot be seen, the head and body appear to join together. The earholes are on either side of the head, with no external pinnae. The eyes are small and at the base of the wedge-shaped beak. The nostrils and the mouth are at the far end of the beak.

The legs of this echidna are adapted for rapid digging. Their legs are short and have strong claws. The claws on the back feet are longer and curve backwards to help cleaning and grooming between the spines. Like the platypus it has a low body temperature—between 30 and 32 °C. Unlike the platypus, which shows no evidence of torpor or hibernation, the body temperature of the echidna may fall as low as 5 °C. The echidna does not pant or sweat and normally seeks shelter in hot conditions. In autumn and winter the echidna shows periods of torpor or deep hibernation. Because of its low body temperature, the animal becomes sluggish in very hot and very cold weather.
The muscles of this echidna have a number of unusual features. There is an enormous muscle that is just beneath the skin and covers the entire body. By contraction of various parts of this muscle the Short-beaked Echidna can change shape. The most common shape change is achieved by rolling itself into a ball when threatened, protecting its belly and presenting a defensive array of sharp spines. It has one of the shortest spinal cords of any mammal, extending only as far as the thorax.

The tongue of the short-beaked echidna is the animal's only way of catching prey. It can stick out up to 180 mm outside the snout. The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucus both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites, which stick to it. The protruded tongue is stiffened by the rapid flow of blood, allowing it to penetrate wood and soil. Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles. When the tongue is retracted, the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous "teeth" along the roof of the buccal cavity. This allows the animal to both capture and grind food. The tongue moves with great speed, and has been measured to move in and out of the snout 100 times a minute.

Many physiological adaptations fit the animal to its lifestyle. It burrows, and can tolerate high levels of carbon dioxide. Its ear is sensitive to low-frequency sound, which may be ideal for detecting sounds emitted by termites and ants underground. The leathery snout is covered in mechano- and thermoreceptors. These receptors provide information about the surrounding environment. The echidna has a well-developed olfactory system, which may be used to detect mates and prey, and its other senses perform well. Its brain and central nervous system have been extensively studied for comparison with placental mammals.

The short-beaked echidna has the largest prefrontal cortex, relative to body size, of any mammal. It takes up 50% of the volume of the cortex, compared to 29% for humans. This suggests good decision-making in its constant search for insect nests, and for a mate when reproducing.

Like all monotremes, the echidna has only one orifice for the passage of faeces, urine and reproductive products, which is known as the cloaca. The male has internal testes, no external scrotum and a highly unusual penis with four knobs on the tip. The gestating female has a pouch on its underside, where it raises its young.

The laying of eggs and the cloaca are basal traits which are present in all early amniotes, including reptiles, birds and early mammals.

The solitary Short-beaked Echidna looks for a mate between May and September; the precise timing of the mating season varies with geographic location. Both males and females give off a strong odour during the mating season. During courtship—observed for the first time in 1989—males locate and pursue females. Trains of up to ten males may follow a single female in a courtship ritual that may last for up to four weeks; the duration of the courtship period varies with location. In cooler parts of their range, such as Tasmania, females may mate within a few hours of arousal from hibernation.

Before mating, the male smells the female, paying particular attention to the cloaca. The male is often observed to roll the female onto her side and then assumes a similar position so that the two animals are abdomen to abdomen. Each mating results in the production of a single egg, and females are known to mate only once during the breeding season; each mating is successful.

Fertilisation occurs in the oviduct. Gestation takes between 21 and 28 days, during which time the female constructs a nursery burrow. Following the gestation period, a single rubbery-skinned egg between 13 and 17 millimetres in diameter is laid directly into a small, backward-facing pouch that has developed on her abdomen. Ten days after it is laid, the egg hatches within the pouch. The embryo develops an "egg tooth" during incubation, which it uses to tear open the egg; the tooth disappears soon after hatching.

Hatchlings are about 1.5 cm long and weigh between 0.3 and 0.4 grams. After hatching, young Echidnas are known as "puggles". Hatchlings attach themselves to their mothers' milk areolae, a specialised patch on the skin that secretes milk (monotremes have no nipples). The way in which puggles drink the milk is not yet known, but they have been observed drinking large amounts during each feeding period, since mothers may leave them unattended in the burrow for between five and ten days. The principal components of the milk are types of lactose. The milk has a high iron content, which gives it a pink colour.

Juveniles are eventually ejected from the pouch at around two to three months of age, because of the continuing growth in the length of their spines. Suckling gradually decreases until juveniles are weaned at about six months of age. The duration of lactation is about 200 days, and the young leave the burrow between 180 and 240 days.

The age of sexual maturity is uncertain, but may be four to five years. A twelve-year field study, published in 2003, found that the Short-beaked Echidna reached sexual maturity between five and 12 years of age, and that the frequency of reproduction varies from once every two years to once every six years. The Short-beaked Echidna can live as long as 45 years in the wild.

No systematic study of the ecology of the Short-beak Echidna has been published. There have been studies of several aspects of their ecological behaviour. Short-beaked Echidnas live alone and apart from the burrow created for rearing young; they have no fixed shelter or nest site. They do not have a home territory, but range over a wide area. Short-beaked Echidnas are usually active in the daytime; however, they have problems in hot weather, because they have no sweat glands and do not pant. Therefore, in warm weather they change their pattern of activity, becoming crepuscular (active at dawn or dusk) or nocturnal (active in the night). They can tolerate cold temperatures, and hibernate during the winter in very cold regions.

Short-beaked Echidnas can live anywhere where there is a good supply of food. Short-beaked Echidnas find food by smell, using sensors in the tip of their beak, and regularly feast on ants and termites. They are powerful diggers, using their clawed front paws to dig out prey and dig burrows for shelter. They may rapidly dig themselves into the ground if they cannot find cover when in danger.

In Australia they are most common in forested areas where there are many termite-filled fallen logs. In agricultural areas, they are most likely to be in uncleared scrub; they may be in grassland, arid areas, and in the outer suburbs of the capital cities. Little is known about their distribution in New Guinea. They have been found in southern New Guinea between Merauke in the west, to the Kelp Welsh River, east of Port Moresby, where they may be in open woodland.

The Short-beaked Echidna is common in most of temperate Australia and lowland New Guinea, and is not listed as endangered. In Australia, the number of Short-beaked Echidnas has been less affected by land clearing than have some other species, since Short-beaked Echidnas do not require a specialised habitat beyond a good supply of ants and termites. Despite their spines, they are eaten by birds, the Tasmanian Devil, cats, foxes and dogs. They were also eaten by indigenous Australians and the early Europen settlers of Australia. The most common threats to the animal in Australia are cars and habitat destruction. These have led to localised extinction. Infection with the introduced parasite "Spirometra erinaceieuropaei" is fatal for the Echidna. The Wildlife Preservation Society of Queensland runs an Australia-wide survey called "Echidna Watch" to monitor the species in Australia.

Captive breeding is difficult, partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle. Only five zoos have managed to breed a captive Short-beaked Echidna, but no captive-bred young have survived to be adults. This has conservation implications for the endangered species of echidna from the genus "Zaglossus", and to a lesser extent for the Short-beaked Echidna.

Short-beaked Echidnas feature in the animistic culture of Indigenous Australians, including their visual arts and stories. The species was a totem for some groups, including the Noongar people from Western Australia, who called the animal the "Nyingarn". Many groups have myths about the animal; one myth explains that it was created when a group of hungry, young men went hunting at night and stumbled across a wombat. They threw spears at the wombat, but lost sight of it in the darkness. The wombat adapted the spears as its own defense and turned into an Echidna. Another story tells of a greedy man that kept food from his tribe; warriors speared him and he crawled away into the bushes, where he was turned into an Echidna, the spears becoming his spines.

The Short-beaked Echidna is an iconic animal in modern Australia. It appears on the Australian five-cent piece (the smallest denomination) and on a $200 commemorative coin released in 1992. The Short-beaked Echidna has been included in several postal issues: it was one of four native species to appear on Australian postage stamps in 1974, where it was the 25 cent stamp; it appeared on a 37 cent stamp in 1987, and again in 1992 when it was on the 35 cent stamp. The anthropomorphic Echidna "Millie" was a mascot for the 2000 Summer Olympics. Knuckles the Echidna is a popular character from the Sonic the Hedgehog video game franchise, debuting in Sonic the Hedgehog 3.


Columbia

Columbia is the original name for the United States and inspired the names of many things. For the original Columbia, see "Historical Columbia". 


U.S. cities or towns:











Eastern long-beaked echidna

The eastern long-beaked echidna ("Zaglossus bartoni"), also known as Barton's long-beaked echidna, is one of three species from the genus "Zaglossus". All of them occur in New Guinea. It is found mainly in Papua New Guinea between 2000 and 3000 meters above sea level.

It can be distinguished from other members of the genus by the number of claws on the fore and hind feet. It has five claws on its fore feet and four on its hind feet. The adult animal weights between 5 kg (11 lb) and 10 kg (22 lb). Its body length ranges from 60 to 100 cm (23.5-39 inches). It has no tail. It has dense black fur. The species is the largest monotreme and is slow moving. It rolls into a spiny ball for defense.

There are four recognised subspecies:
The population of each subspecies is geographically isolated and they can be distinguished primarily by differences in body size.


Long-beaked echidna

The long-beaked echidnas make up one of the two genera (Genus Zaglossus) of echidna. Echidna is a spiny monotreme that lives in New Guinea. There are three living species, and two extinct ones.

Echidnas are one of only two types of living mammals that lay eggs.


Remarks: Species described from one sample only. May be endangered, or locally extinct. See Sir David's Long-beaked Echidna


Remarks: see Eastern Long-beaked Echidna


Remarks: see Western Long-beaked Echidna


Remarks: This species is known only from a few bones. At a metre long, it was huge for an echidna and for monotremes in general.


Remarks: This species is known from a fossil skull about 65 cm long.



Sir David's long-beaked echidna

Sir David's long-beaked echidna ("Zaglossus attenboroughi"), also known as the cyclops long-beaked echidna, is one of three species of the genus "Zaglossus". All of them are found in New Guinea. It is named after Sir David Attenborough. It lives in the Cyclops mountains in Papua province of Indonesia near the cities of Sentani, Jayapura. 

The species was described from a single damaged animal, which was collected in the Dutch colonial era (c. 1961). It has not been collected since that time. The Cyclops mountain forest habitat has been disturbed recently. This has raised concern that "Z. attenboroughi" populations may already be endangered or even locally extinct. However, many parts of the mountains are covered in thick jungle and have not been searched since 1961. It is possible that the animal still exists there or in nearby mountain ranges. In 2007 scientists found holes which they believe were made by the echidna poking its nose into the dirt while looking for earthworms. 

It is the smallest member of the genus. It is closer in size to the short-beaked echidna than other members of the genus. It has five claws on its fore and hind feet. It has dense short fur.

Bioluminescence

Bioluminescence is how living things produce light. Often this is done by symbiosis. The larger organism contains, often in a special organ, microorganisms which make the light. Eukaryote protists have special organelles, and some bacteria also produce light. 
Bioluminescence is the result of chemical processes, where the energy produced is released as visible light. 

Bioluminescence has appeared many times during evolution. The capacity to produce light is an extension of normal metabolism: all chemical reactions produce a few photons. Visible light is produced when the photon production increases. In the case of bacteria, the original function of the reaction was probably to detoxify excessive oxygen.

ATP (adenosine tri-phosphate), the biological energy source, reacts with luciferin with the aid of the enzyme luciferase to yield an intermediate complex. This complex combines with oxygen to produce a highly chemiluminescent (brightly shining) compound.

Bioluminescence is mainly a marine phenomenon.

Bioluminescence is found in the sea at all levels.: planktonic, pelagic and benthic organisms. Some planktonic groups, such as dinoflagellates and ctenophores (comb jellies) use it in most species. Most deep-sea marine life use bioluminescence in one form or another. Usually, marine light-emission belongs in the blue and green light spectrum, the wavelengths that can transmit through seawater most easily.

In some squid species bacterial bioluminescence is used for counterillumination so the animal matches the overhead environmental light seen from below. In these animals, light organs control the contrast of this illumination to create optiminal matching. Usually these light organs are separate from the tissue containing the bioluminescent bacteria.

Bioluminescence is used as a lure to attract prey by several deep sea fish such as the anglerfish. A dangling lure on the head of the fish attracts small animals to it within striking distance. Some fish, however, use a non-bioluminescent lure.

The cookiecutter shark uses bioluminescence for camouflage, but a small patch on its underbelly remains dark and appears as a small fish to large predatory fish like tuna and mackerel swimming beneath it. When these fish try to consume the "small fish", they are bitten by the shark, which gouges out small circular "cookie cutter" shaped chunks of flesh from its hosts.

Dinoflagellates have an interesting twist on this mechanism. When a predator of plankton is sensed through motion in the water, the dinoflagellate luminesces. This in turn attracts even larger predators which will consume the would-be predator of the dinoflagellate.

Attracting mates is an important function of bioluminescence. This is seen in fireflies, which use periodic flashing in their abdomens to attract mates in the mating season. In the marine environment this has only been well-documented in certain small ostracod crustaceans, but may be quite common.

Certain squid and small crustaceans use bioluminescence as many squid use ink. A cloud of luminescence is expelled, confusing or repelling a potential predator while the squid or crustacean escapes to safety. Every species of firefly has larvae that glow to repel predators.

Bioluminescent organisms are a target for many areas of research. Luciferase systems are widely used in the field of genetic engineering. They have also been used in biomedical research, to give some cells visible labels. Luciferin can be added to molecules and cells to make them visible under the microscope. "This market is now worth about £20bn. If you go into a hospital and have a blood test which measures viral proteins, cancer proteins, hormones, vitamins, bacterial proteins, drugs, it will almost certainly use this technique".

The structure of photophores, the light producing organs in bioluminescent organisms, are being investigated by industrial designers.

This is a list of organisms that have visible bioluminescence:

Animals:


Despite their name, fireflies are actually beetles which use an enzymatic reaction involving a chemical compound called luciferin to produce their typical greenish flashing light. As well as possibly warning predators about their toxicity, it is thought the main purpose of their flashing abdomen is to attract mates.




Whittier, Alaska

Whittier is a small town in Alaska on the Kenai Peninsula. Whittier has 272 people always living in it. The Whittier Glacier near Whittier was named for the American poet John Greenleaf Whittier in the year 1915.

During World War II the United States Army built a port and railroad near the glacier and named the port Whittier. The two big buildings that are very easy to notice in Whittier were built after World War II. The Hodge Building (now called Begich Towers) was built for housing soldiers and the Buckner Building, finish being built in 1953, was called the "city under one roof". It was once the biggest building in Alaska. The Begich Building is now a condominium (or houst that has many rooms that people live in), and almost all of the people that live in Whittier's live here.

The town was badly damaged by tsunamis (or very big waves) started by the 1964 Good Friday Earthquake; thirteen people died because of the waves that were 13 m (43 ft) tall.

Whittier is a popular port for cruise ships, because people can go to Anchorage and the inside of Alaska by both car and train. Whittier is also popular with visitors and fishermen.

Whittier is the wettest city in Alaska and the United States. The city receives at least of rain a year.


Kate Winslet

Kate Elizabeth Winslet, (born 5 October 1975) is an English actress. She is best known for her starring role in the American movie, "Titanic".

She made her movie debut as Juliet Hulme in Peter Jackson's "Heavenly Creatures" (1994). Winslet is the second of four children, her sisters are the actresses Anna and Beth Winslet and her brother is Joss Winslet, her mother Sally Anne is a barmaid and her father Roger John Winslet is a swimming pool contractor. Her maternal grandparents Linda and Oliver Bridges founded the Reading Repertory Theatre and her uncle is the actor Robert Bridges, Her maternal great-grandmother Florence Theodelinda Lidman, was the daughter of a Swedish immigrant.

Kate Winslet was married to director Jim Threapleton; they had a daughter, Mia. She married director Sam Mendes; they had a son, Joe. In 2012, she married Ned Rocknroll, nephew of billionaire Richard Branson. She had his first son in December 2013.


Joe DiMaggio

Joseph Paul DiMaggio (November 25, 1914 - March 8, 1999) was an American Major League Baseball center fielder who played his whole career for the New York Yankees. His nicknames were Joltin' Joe and The Yankee Clipper. He played from 1936 to 1942 and then joined the army in 1943 because of World War II. He came back and began playing again in 1946 until his retirement in 1951 at the age of 36. By the time he retired he had hit 361 home runs. He hit almost one home run for every strikeout. DiMaggio died on the 8th of March, 1999, of lung cancer. He is widely regarded as one of the best baseball players of all time. DiMaggio was also well known for his marriage and lifelong devotion to Marilyn Monroe.

Mongol Empire

The Mongol Empire, an area ruled by the great Mongol Khans in the 13th and 14th centuries, was one of the largest land empires in history. 
The original homeland of the Mongols, was bounded by the Khingan Mountains on the east, the Altai and Tian mountains on the west, the Shilka River and the mountain ranges by Lake Baikal on the north, and the Great Wall of China on the south.

It was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206 AD when he brought together the Mongol and Turkic tribes. When he died in 1227 AD, he had conquered Central Asia, North China and parts of eastern Persia. Later his grandson Kublai Khan would go on to expand the empire and found the Mongol-ruled Yuan Dynasty, ruling whole China. The Mongol Empire stretched from Eastern Europe to East Asia, including Central Asia and the Middle East. Its power did not last long, though. By the 1360s it had broken into several empires, all of which were later destroyed.

One of Shi Tianze's sons married a daughter of the Mongol official Menggu Baer (Meng-ku Pa-erh) on an epitaph that Hu Zhiyu wrote. The son is mentioned as having served as Minister of the Right. Shi Jiang (Shih Chiang) and Shi Ge (Shih Ko) among the 8 sons of Shi Tianze were minister of the right and it could be either one of them. Shi Tianze who was Han himself had 2 Jurchen wives, 1 Korean wife and a Han wife. The National history project of the Mongol empire under Kublai was supervised and directed by Shi Tianze who was the left chancellor recommended by Wang E (Wang O) in August 1261 after a National History Academy and Hanlin were recreatd.

Menggu Baer served as an official in China and was known for his leniency and kindness towards commoners.


Parthia

Parthia was an ancient Parthian empire in Asia. It included what is now Iran, part of Armenia, Iraq, Georgia, eastern Turkey, eastern Syria, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Pakistan, Kuwait, the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.

Parthians were excellent horsemen and archers. In battle, mounted Parthians often discharged their arrows back towards the enemy and pretended to flee.

In 250 BC, the Parthians succeeded in founding an independent kingdom, which in the 1st century BC grew into an empire extending from the Euphrates to the Indus and from the Amu Darya to the Indian Ocean. They expanded by successfully expelling the Seleucids from Persia and establishing the second freat Persian Empire.




1312

1312 CE (or A.D.) is a common year in the 14th century. 


1422

1422 (MCDXXII) was .


Hydrolysis

Hydrolysis is a chemical reaction or process where a chemical compound reacts with water. This is the type of reaction that is used to break down polymers into many smaller units. In this reaction, water is always added to the chemical compound.

Hydrolysis of metal salts is more commonly known as hydration. Many metal ions are strong Lewis acids, and in water they may undergo hydrolysis to form "basic salts". Such salts contain a hydroxyl group that is directly bound to the metal ion in place of a water ligand. The positive charge on metal ions creates an attraction to water, a Lewis base with a non-binding electron pair on the oxygen atom, and alters the water molecule's electron density. This in turn increases the polarity of the O-H bond, which now acts as a proton donor under Brønsted-Lowry acid-base theory to release the hydrogen as a H+ ion, increasing the acidity of the solution. For example, aluminium chloride undergoes extensive hydrolysis in water with the solution being very acidic.

This implies that hydrogen chloride is lost in the evaporation of AlCl solutions and the residue is a basic salt (in this case an "oxychloride") in place of AlCl. This type of reaction is also seen with other metal chlorides such as ZnCl, SnCl, FeCl and lanthanide halides such as DyCl. With some compounds such as TiCl, the hydrolysis may go to completion and form the pure hydroxide or oxide, in this case TiO.

Water (molecule)

Water (HO, HOH) covers 70-75% of the Earth's surface in its liquid and solid (ice) states, and is present in the atmosphere as a vapor. It is the most abundant molecule on the Earth's surface.

At room temperature, it is a nearly colorless, flavorless, and odorless liquid. Many substances dissolve in water and it is commonly seen as "the universal solvent"; because of this, water in nature and in use is rarely clean, and may have some properties different than those in the laboratory. But there are many compounds that are essentially, if not completely, insoluble in water. Water is the only common, pure substance found naturally in all three states of matter—for other substances, see Chemical properties.

Pure water is tasteless. It is the other chemicals in the water which may give water a flavour.

Generally, the volume of a liquid increases when heated, however the volume of water "decreases" when heated within the temperature range of 0°C to 4°C. Its volume increases only when heated above 4°C. Such behavior is one of a number of water's anomalous properties. 

This property of volume decrease allows fish and other aquatic animals to survive in a body of water when ice has frozen on the surface. In cold climates, when the temperature of a body of water reaches at 4°C, the layers of water near the top in contact with cold air continue to lose heat energy and their temperature falls below 4°C. On cooling below 4°C, these layers rise rather than sink, as water has maximum density at 4°C. Thus the layer of water with a temperature of 4°C remains at the bottom, while layers of water 3°C, 2°C, 1°C and 0°C are formed above. Because ice is poor conductor of heat, it does not allow heat energy transfer from the liquid water beneath the layers of ice, which prevents the liquid water from freezing. Hence, aquatic creatures survive in such places.


Lymphatic system

In mammals, the lymphatic system is a network of thin vessels that branch, like blood vessels, into tissues throughout the body. It is part of the immune system. It is a one-way system which carries cells and fluid back to the blood system.
Lymphatic vessels carry lymph, a colorless, watery fluid, and white blood cells. It comes from interstitial fluid in the tissues which is squeezed out of the blood vessels. The lymphatic system transports infection-fighting cells called lymphocytes, and is involved in the removal of foreign matter and cell debris by phagocytes. A second function is to transport fats from the small intestine to the blood. 

Lymphatic fluid gathers from the tissues and enters the valved lymphatic ducts. These valves make sure the lymph flows the right way. On its way back to the blood system, the lymph passes through glands called lymph nodes, in places like the back of the neck, the armpits and the groin. Lymph nodes swell in the region of an infected body part. This acts to keep the infection from spreading. It prevents or reduces the pathogens getting into the general blood circulation and reaching other parts of the body.

Lymph ends up back in the blood system. In mammals under normal conditions, most of the lymph is returned to the blood stream through lymph-vein communications at the base of the neck. Some vertebrates have more complex lymphatic systems. Amphibians for example have multiple "lymph hearts" to control the flow of lymph.

Chastity

Chastity is the sexual behavior of a man or woman which is right and proper according to the moral rules of a culture or religion. It has recently begun to mean sexual abstinence (not having sex at all), especially before marriage. However, it can also be used for all kinds of people (even married people) with more meaning than simply not having sex. The word chastity came from the Latin word "castitatem", meaning "purity".



Metallic bond

A metallic bond is the sharing of many detached electrons between many positive ions, where the electrons act as a "glue" giving the substance a definite structure. It is unlike covalent or ionic bonding. 
Metals have low ionization energy. Therefore, the valence electrons can be delocalized throughout the metals. Delocalized electrons are not associated with a particular nucleus of metal, instead, they are free to move throughout the whole crystalline structure forming a "sea" of electrons.

The electrons and the positive ions in the metal have a strong attractive force between them. Therefore, metals often have high melting or boiling points. The principle is similar to that of ionic bonds.

Metallic bonds causes many of the traits of metals, such as strength, malleability, ductility, luster, conduction of heat and electricity.

Because the electrons move freely, the metal has some electrical conductivity. It allows the energy to pass quickly through the electrons, generating an electric current. Metals conduct heat for the same reason: the free electrons can transfer the energy at a faster rate than other substances with electrons that are fixed into position. There also are few non-metals that conduct electricity: graphite (because, like metals, it has free electrons), and ionic compounds that are molten or dissolved in water, which have free moving ions.

Metal atoms have at least one valence electron which they do not share with neighboring atoms, and they do not lose electrons to form ions. Instead, the outer energy levels (atomic orbitals) of the metal atoms overlap. They are similar to covalent bonds. Not all metals exhibit metallic bonding. For example, mercury ions () form covalent metal-metal bonds.

An alloy is a solution of metals. Most alloys are shiny like pure metals are.


Heat conduction

Heat conduction (or thermal conduction) is the movement of heat from one object to another one that has different temperature when they are touching each other. For example, we can warm our hands by touching hot-water bottles. When the cold hands touch the hot-water bottle, heat flows from the hotter object (hot-water bottle) to the colder one (hand). People make things with different thermal conductivity, for example cookware to heat things or insulated containers to keep hot things hot or cold things cold.

Other ways to transfer heat are by thermal radiation and/or convection. Usually more than one of these processes happen at the same time.

In the atomic theory solids, liquids and gases are made of tiny particles called "atoms". The temperature of the material measures how fast the atoms are moving and the heat measures the total amount of energy due to the vibration of the atoms.

Conduction can happen when one part of a material is heated. The atoms in this part vibrate faster and are more likely to hit their neighbors. The collisions cause those atoms also to move faster, passing the heat energy to them. In this way the energy travels through the solid. (Rather like the way energy passes along a set of tumbling dominos).

The atomic picture also helps explain why conduction is more important in solids: in solids the atoms are close together and unable to move around. In liquids and gases the particles can move past each other, so the collisions are less common.

The law of heat conduction, also known as Fourier's law, means that the rate, in time, of heat transfer through a material is proportional to the negative gradient in the temperature and to the area at right angles, to that gradient, through which the heat is flowing:

where:

Thermal conductivity usually varies with temperature, but the variation can be small, over a significant range of temperatures, for some common materials.


Judith Weir

Judith Weir CBE (born 11 May 1954) is a British composer. She is well known for her theatre works, choral music, orchestral music and chamber music.

Weir was born in Cambridge, England to Scottish parents. While she was still at school she trained with the composer John Tavener. She played the oboe in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain. She then studied at the University of Cambridge where her teacher was Robin Holloway.

Judith Weir’s music has harmonies which are very exciting and original. Her Christmas carol "Illuminare" has become very popular, but it is quite difficult and needs a good choir to pitch the notes of the dissonant chords. She often uses medieval history as inspiration for her music, as well as music from her native Scotland, e.g. piobaireachd, which is a kind of variation form using small intervals. Her music often tells stories. Her operas include "A Night at the Chinese Opera", "The Vanishing Bridegroom", "Blond Eckbert", and "Armida", an opera for television.

From 1995 to 2000, she was the artistic director of the Spitalfields Festival in London. She has composed works for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra. She has received many honours, including the CBE in 1995.


Chorus

Chorus can mean several things:


Vassal

A vassal during the feudalism of medieval Europe, was someone who had shared duties with a lord. Usually the vassal provided soldiers to the lord. The lord used his army of soldiers from all of his vassals to protect those vassals. The lord also gave him the piece of land that he held as a fief. By analogy the term "vassal" is used also for similar systems in other feudal societies.

The development of the "vassal", in a society that was increasingly organised around the concept of "lordship"– in French the "seigneur"– is one sign that Antiquity ended and the Early Middle Ages began. Lordship is the basic social institution as Tacitus described them in his book "Germania". The Roman West experienced them for the first time in the Migration Period.

As the system developed in the seventh century, the vassals were gangs of freemen who subjected themselves, in some degree of formality, to the authority of a leader, from whom they could expect to be fed, clothed and armed. The quality of a vassal was only in his fighting ability and the strength of his loyalty. The etymology (where the word came from) of "vassal" is from a Celtic word "gwas" "boy" that meant a young male slave, with a Latinised form, "vassus" that appeared in Salic Law (Rouche 1987 p 429), like the way "knight" came from the from Old English word "cniht" and similar words in Frisian and Dutch, all meaning "lad" .



Migration period

The migration period, or barbarian invasions or Völkerwanderung happened in AD 300–700 in Europe, at the end of ancient history and during the Early Middle Ages.
The migrations included the Goths, Vandals, Franks, and other Germanic; Bulgar; and Slavic tribes. They may have been influenced by attacks of the Huns in the East and may also be connected to the Turkic migrations in Central Asia, overpopulation, or climate changes. The migration period also included groups of Angles, Saxons, Frisians, and some Jutes to Britain.

Migrations would continue well into the Middle Ages, beyond 1000 AD, with successive waves of Slavs, Roma, Avars, Bulgars, Hungarians, Pechenegs, Cumans, and Tatars, which changed the ethnic makeup of Eastern Europe. Historians in Western Europe, however, tend to stress the migrations that were most relevant to that area.



San Francisco Bay Area

The San Francisco Bay Area, also known as the Bay Area, is a metropolitan area that goes around the San Francisco Bay in Northern California. It includes the cities of San Francisco, San José, and Oakland, and their many suburbs. It also includes the smaller urban and rural areas of the North Bay. Over seven million people live in the San Francisco Bay Area. The San Francisco Bay Area is the 43rd largest metropolitan area in the world in population.

The Bay Area includes cities, towns, military bases, airports, and related regional, state, and national parks.

San José is the largest city in the Bay Area since 1990 and the tenth largest city in America. But for most of its history, San Francisco was the city with the most people. San Francisco is still the city people pay the most attention to, and it is the major cultural center in the region.

Bay Area Rapid Transit connects the different parts of the Bay Area.

The region north of the Golden Gate Bridge is known locally as the North Bay. This area includes Marin County and continues north into Sonoma and Napa counties and east to Solano County. With some exceptions, this region is quite rich: Marin County is listed as the richest in the nation.

The City and County of San Francisco is generally placed in a category by itself in terms of geography and culture. It is separated by water from the north, west and east, and by a county line from its neighbors to the South. San Francisco has been the cultural, financial and urban center of the region for a long time. For most of the Bay Area's history, it has also been the main population center. But because the size of the county is limited, the growth of the city was limited as well. The resulting urban sprawl has given other cities and counties more population growth.

The area between the South Bay and the City and County of San Francisco is the San Francisco Peninsula, known locally as "The Peninsula". This area includes many small cities and suburban communities in San Mateo County and the northwestern part of Santa Clara County, as well as several towns along the Pacific coast, such as Pacifica and Half Moon Bay.

The eastern side of the bay, consisting of Alameda and Contra Costa counties, is known locally as the East Bay. The East Bay is split into two regions, the inner East Bay, which is on the coast of the Bay, and the outer East Bay, including the inland valleys separated from the inner East Bay by hills and mountains.
The communities along the southern edge of the Bay are known as the South Bay, Santa Clara Valley, and Silicon Valley. 
This region is home to a large number of major technology companies. Some tech companies in the South Bay are Intel, AMD, Cisco Systems, Hewlett-Packard, Apple, Google, and Yahoo!, Microsoft and much much more.

The San Francisco Bay Area is one of the richest regions in the United States.



San Francisco Bay

San Francisco Bay is a shallow bay in northern California, along the Pacific Ocean. It is an estuary because salt water from the ocean mixes with fresh water from rivers, especially the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers. These rivers carry water from the Sierra Nevada mountains through the Central Valley. Water from about forty percent of California enters the bay.

The Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers enter the Suisun Bay. There water flows through the Carquinez Strait to meet with the Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay. This connects at its south end to the San Francisco Bay. The San Francisco Bay is connected to the Pacific by a strait called the Golden Gate. However, this entire group of interconnected bays is often called "the San Francisco Bay".

San Francisco Bay lies in the US state of California and is surrounded by a region known as the San Francisco Bay Area, that includes the big cities of San Francisco, Oakland, and San Jose.

The Bay covers somewhere between 400 and 1,600 square miles (1,040 to 4,160 square kilometres), depending on which sub-bays (such as San Pablo Bay), estuaries, wetlands, and so on are included in the measurement.



Ahmed Yassin

Ahmed Yassin (January 1, 1937 – March 22, 2004) was a spiritual leader of the militant Palestinian group Hamas. Yassin's birth date is in dispute. He claimed he was born 1/1/1938, however, his passport indicated 1/1/1937. To some he was a hero, to some he was a well known member of a terrorist organization. He was also a symbolic figure for Palestinians to fight against Israel. 

Yassin was born in al-Jura, British Mandate of Palestine. He helped create Hamas and became its spiritual leader in 1987. To other members of Hamas he was a hero but he was blamed by the Israeli government for planning suicide bombings and other attacks against Israel. He claimed that was the only way of fighting occupation. He was confined to a wheelchair because he was paralyzed since age 12, he was also nearly blind and could barely hear. He was very powerful and influential. He was assassinated in an airstrike in Gaza City by the Israeli Army after he left a mosque in Gaza in the early morning hours.


Field strength

In physics, the field strength of a field is the magnitude (size) of its (vector) value. This means that the force exerted by the field on a given object is proportional to the field strength.

In differential geometry, the field strength is another name for the curvature form. For the electromagnetic field, the curvature form is an antisymmetric matrix whose elements are the electric field and magnetic field: the electromagnetic tensor.

In radio engineering, field strength is the strength of radio waves in a particular location. 

Field (physics)

In physics, a field means that a physical quantity is assigned to every point in space (or, more generally, spacetime). A field is seen as extending throughout a large region of space so that it influences everything. The strength of a field usually varies over a region. Michael Faraday became the first to coin the term "field", in 1849.

For some fields, there is a number for each point in space. They are called "scalar fields". For more complicated fields, there are more than one number for each point in space. They are called "vector fields" or "tensor fields". For example, one can model a gravitational field by a vector field where a vector indicates the acceleration a mass would experience at each point in space. Other examples are temperature fields or air pressure fields, which are often illustrated on weather reports by isotherms and isobars by joining up the points of equal temperature or pressure respectively.


It is now believed that quantum mechanics should underlie all physical phenomena.

A field theory is a physical theory that describes how one or more physical fields interact with matter.



Gradient

In vector calculus, the gradient of a multivariate function measures how steep a curve is. On a graph of the function, it is the slope of the tangent of that curve. More generally, it is a vector that points in the direction in which the function grows the fastest. Its coordinates are partial derivatives of that function. The gradient of a function "f" is often written as formula_1 or formula_2.


Trigonometric function

In mathematics, the trigonometric functions are a set of functions which relate angles to the sides of a right triangle. There are many trigonometric functions, the 3 most common being sine, cosine, tangent, followed by cotangent, secant and cosecant. The last three are called reciprocal trigonometric functions, because they act as the reciprocals of other functions. Secant and cosecant are rarely used.

The trigonometric functions sometimes are also called circular functions. They are functions of an angle; they are important when studying triangles, among many other applications. Trigonometric functions are commonly defined as ratios of two sides of a right triangle containing the angle, and can equivalently be defined as the lengths of various line segments from a unit circle (a circle with radius of one).

In order to define the trigonometric functions for the angle "A", start with a right triangle that contains the angle "A":

We use the following names for the sides of the triangle:

All triangles are taken to exist in Euclidean geometry, so that the inside angles of each triangle sum to π radians (or 180°); therefore, for a right triangle, the two non-right angles are between zero and π/2 radians. Notice that strictly speaking, the following definitions only define the trigonometric functions for angles in this range. We extend them to the full set of real arguments by using the unit circle, or by requiring certain symmetries and that they be periodic functions.

1) The sine of an angle is the ratio of the length of the opposite side to the length of the hypotenuse. In our case
Note that since all those triangles are similar, this ratio does not depend on the particular right triangle that is chosen, as long as it contains the angle "A".

The set of zeroes of sine (that is, the values of formula_2 for which formula_3) is

2) The cosine of an angle is the ratio of the length of the adjacent side to the length of the hypotenuse. In our case

The set of zeroes of cosine is

3) The tangent of an angle is the ratio of the length of the opposite side to the length of the adjacent side. In our case

The set of zeroes of tangent is
This is the same set as that of the sine function, since

The remaining three functions are best defined using the above three functions.

4) The cosecant csc("A") is the multiplicative inverse of sin("A"); it is the ratio of the length of the hypotenuse to the length of the opposite side:

5) The secant sec("A") is the multiplicative inverse of cos("A"); it is the ratio of the length of the hypotenuse to the length of the adjacent side:

6) The cotangent cot("A") is the multiplicative inverse of tan("A"); it is the ratio of the length of the adjacent side to the length of the opposite side:

One can also define the trigonometric functions by using power series:

and define tangent, cotangent, secant and cosecant using identities, see below.

Some important identities:

The hyperbolic functions are like the trigonometric functions, in that they have very similar properties. Each of six trigonometric functions has a corresponding hyperbolic form. They are defined in terms of the exponential function, which is based on the constant "e".




Gradient (disambiguation)

Gradient could mean:



Archer (disambiguation)

An archer is a person who practices archery, using a bow to shoot arrows.

Archer or Archers may also refer to:















Archery

Archery is the practice of using a bow to shoot arrows. Archery has historically been used in hunting and combat and has become a precision sport. A person practicing archery is called an "archer", and one who enjoys or is an expert at archery is sometimes called an toxophilite.

The earliest evidence of archery dates back more than 9,000 years. The bow probably was used in hunting first and later adopted as a tool of warfare. It was one of the earliest forms of artillery. 

Classical civilizations, notably the Persians, Macedonians, Nubians, Greeks, Parthians, Indians, Japanese, Chinese, and Koreans, had large numbers of archers in their armies. Archers in chariots were especially important in armies of ancient Egypt. Arrows were very destructive against massed formations, and the use of archers helped win battles. 

One of the primary sub-genres of archery is mounted archery. Japanese Samurai, North American tribes, Turkish nomadic groups, Persian armies and more honed the skill of hunting and warfare through mounted archery. The army of the Mongol Empire was mostly archers on horseback.

Though archery fell out of practical use, it never fully went away as a sport. As early as the 1480s in Britain, societies like the Ancient Society of Kilwinning Archers were having archery competitions.


John Cena

John Felix Anthony Cena Jr. (born April 23, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, actor, rapper and singer. He currently works for the WWE. Cena has won the WWE Championship/WWE World Heavyweight Championship a record thirteen times, the World Heavyweight Championship three-times, the United States Championship five times and both the WWE and World Tag Team Championship twice. Also, Cena won the Royal Rumble in 2008 and 2013. As for his musical career, Cena has released an album called "You Can't See Me". Cena has also been featured in the movies "The Marine", "12 Rounds" and "Legendary". He starred as Peacemaker in the 2021 movie "The Suicide Squad" and his own television series for HBO Max. His most famous catchphrase is "You Can't See Me" which has become a very well-known meme in Western Society.

In Baseball, he is a Red Sox fan but turned into a Rays fan.

Cena was signed by the person in charge of Talent Relations, Jim Ross on behalf of the WWE (then known as the World Wrestling Federation WWF). According to Ross, when he returned to Connecticut after signing Cena he walked into Vince McMahon's office and told him "I just signed your main event for WrestleMania in 5 years." Cena would eventually make his WrestleMania debut 3 years later at WrestleMania XX in 2004, winning the WWE United States Championship from The Big Show. At WrestleMania 21 the following year, he won the WWE Championship from John "Bradshaw" Layfield. At 2006's WresteMania 22 he wrestled for the first time in a WrestleMania main event, beating Triple H to keep his WWE Championship. He would go on to main event WrestleMania in 2007 vs. Shawn Michaels, in 2011 vs. The Miz, and in 2012 and 2013 vs. The Rock. He also wrestled in many other WWE premium live events.

In 2010, during a match between Wade Barrett and Randy Orton, Orton won so Cena was forced to retire. He was rehired by Wade Barrett and defeated him at .

He was drafted to SmackDown as the first pick in the 2011 WWE Draft, but before the end of the night, he was drafted back to Raw.

He was defeated by The Rock at WrestleMania XXVIII. He won his second Royal Rumble in January 2013. Thus he got another match at WrestleMania 29 against The Rock for the WWE Championship. He won that match and became the WWE Champion.




Signal transduction

A signal transduction in biology is a cellular mechanism. It converts a stimulus into a response in the cell. There are two stages in this process:
So, signal transduction starts with a signal to a cell receptor, and ends with a change in cell function. In either step, the signal can be amplified. Thus, one signalling molecule can cause many responses.

Receptors are in the cell membrane, with part of the receptor outside and part inside the cell.  The chemical signal binds to the outer portion of the receptor, changing its shape. This causes another signal inside the cell.  Some chemical messengers, such as testosterone, can pass through the cell membrane, and bind directly to receptors in the cytoplasm or nucleus.

Sometimes there is a cascade of signals within the cell. With each step of the cascade, the signal can be amplified, so a small signal can result in a large response. Eventually, the signal creates a change in the cell, either in the expression of the DNA in the nucleus or in the activity of enzymes in the cytoplasm.

Most often, ordered sequences of biochemical reactions inside the cell are involved. These are carried out by enzymes and linked through second messengers. So a "second messenger pathway" is produced. These things usually happen quickly, sometimes very quickly. They may last from milliseconds (in the case of ion flux) to days for gene expression.

The number of proteins and other molecules that take part increases during the process. So a 'signal cascade' develops and "a relatively small stimulus may cause a large response".

In bacteria and other single-cell organisms, the transduction processes a cell has limits the number of ways it can respond to its environment. In multicellular organisms, lots of different signal transduction processes are used to coordinate the behavior of individual cells. By this means the function of the organism as a whole is organized. The more complex the organism, the more complex the repertoire of signal transduction processes the organism must possess.

Thus, sensing of both the external and internal environment at the cellular level, relies on signal transduction. Many disease processes such as diabetes, heart disease, autoimmunity and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways. This highlights the critical importance of signal transduction to biology and medicine.

These systems of communication between cells are extremely ancient, and are found in all metazoa.



Flux

Flux is a term in physics and mathematics. It is broadly defined as "How much stuff goes through a thing" (or into an area). The word "flux" is similar to "flow".

For instance, in a butterfly net the amount of air passing through the net is the flux.

In the study of transport phenomena (heat transfer, mass transfer and fluid dynamics), flux is defined as flow per unit area, where flow is the movement of some quantity per time. Flux, in this definition, is a vector.
There are many fluxes used in the study of transport phenomena. Each type of flux has its own distinct unit of measurement along with distinct physical constants. Six of the most common forms of flux from the transport literature are defined as:

In the field of electromagnetism, flux is usually the integral of a vector quantity over a finite surface. The result of this integration is a scalar quantity. The magnetic flux is the integral of the magnetic vector field over a surface, and the electric flux is defined similarly. Using this definition, the flux of the Poynting vector over a specified surface is the rate at which electromagnetic energy flows through that surface. Confusingly, the Poynting vector is sometimes called the "power flux", which is an example of the first usage of flux, above. It has units of watts per square metre (W/m).


Flux (disambiguation)

Flux comes from Latin and means "flow"; it may mean:

Neuroscience

Neuroscience (or neurobiology) is the scientific study of the nervous system. It is the branch of biology which investigates every aspect of the brain and nervous system.

The nervous system is made of billions of neurons connected together and to other systems in the body. The central nervous system includes the brain, spinal cord and retina. It is connected to the rest of the body via the peripheral nervous system. 

Neuroscience research focusses on a set of themes and questions. 






Conversation analysis

Conversation analysis (commonly abbreviated as CA) is the study of talk in social interaction. CA tries to describe the structure and patterns of interaction, whether this is institutional (in the school, doctor's surgery, courts or elsewhere) or casual conversation. 

The term “conversation” to label this disciplinary movement is misleading if read in a colloquial sense, as many have. 


Mark-Anthony Turnage

Mark-Anthony Turnage (born Grays, Essex, 10 June 1960) is an English composer. He is one of the most original composers in his country today. 

Turnage studied at the Royal College of Music and won all the major prizes. He became famous when he wrote an opera called "Greek". It is typical of his musical style: quite lyrical but also very dramatic and aggressive. His music is often inspired by jazz. Other works include "Kai", "Rockaby", "Blood on the Floor", "Dispelling the Fears", "Drowned Out" and "Three Screaming Popes". He has written music for the English National Opera, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. 

Hydrothermal vent

A hydrothermal vent is an opening in the seabed of the Earth by which geothermal energy escapes. Sea water enters, becomes very hot, and rises. The hottest ones carry many black chemicals, and are called black smokers. Scientists have found fewer white smokers. Heat escapes from underground in many places. If they are on land, they are usually hot springs, geysers, or fumaroles. Many archaea and bacteria live near hydrothermal vents. They support giant tube worms, clams and shrimp, and many other eukaryotes. The earliest known life forms are thought to have lived near such vents.

Deep sea organisms have no access to sunlight, so they must depend on nutrients in the chemical deposits and hydrothermal fluids in which they live. Despite this, hydrothermal vent zones have more than 10,000 to 100,000 times as much life as the rest of the seafloor.

Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food, as opposed to the photosynthetic plants other ecosystems use. These bacteria use sulfur compounds, particularly hydrogen sulfide, a chemical highly toxic to most other organisms, to produce organic material through the process of chemosynthesis.

The chemosynthetic bacteria grow into a thick mat which attracts other organisms such as amphipods and copepods which graze upon the bacteria directly. Larger organisms such as snails, shrimp, crabs, giant tube worms, fish, and octopus form a food chain of predator and prey relationships above the primary consumers. 

The main groups of organisms around seafloor vents are worms, gastropods, and crustaceans, with large bivalves, and 'eyeless' shrimp making up the bulk of non-microbial organisms.

Tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent. They absorb nutrients directly into their tissues. There are approximately 285 billion bacteria per ounce of tubeworm tissue.

Tubeworms have red plumes which contain haemoglobin. Haemoglobin combines hydrogen sulfide and transfers it to the bacteria living inside the worm. In return the bacteria nourish the worm with carbon compounds. 

Other examples of the unique fauna who inhabit this ecosystem are the gastropod "Crysomallon squamiferum", a species of snail with a foot reinforced by scales made of iron and organic materials, and the 'Pompeii Worm' "Alvinella pompejana", which is capable of withstanding temperatures up to 80°C (176°F).

Over 300 new species have been discovered at hydrothermal vents, many of them "sister species" to others in geographically separated vent areas. It has been proposed that before the North American plate overrode the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, there was a single biogeographic vent region found in the eastern Pacific. The subsequent barrier to travel began the evolutionary divergence of species in different locations. The examples of convergent evolution seen between distinct hydrothermal vents is seen as major support for the theory of natural selection and evolution as a whole.

Scientists have found bacteria that use photosynthesis in a black smoker off the coast of Mexico at a depth of . No sunlight penetrates that far into the waters. Instead, the bacteria, part of the Chlorobiaceae family, uses the faint glow from the black smoker. This is the first organism discovered in nature to exclusively use a light other than sunlight for photosynthesis.

Guava

Guavas are plants in the genus "Psidium" of the family Myrtaceae. There are about 100 species of tropical shrubs and small trees in the genus.

They are native to Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America and the northern part of South America. Now they are found in all the tropical, and in some subtropical, regions because they are edible fruits.

Guava are also a kind of berry fruit on those plants. There are many kinds of guavas. The most common guava is the apple guava ("Psidium guajava"): it is so common that the word 'guava' usually refers to this species. Red guavas are called maroonguava. In 100 g of guava are 200 mg of vitamin C, which means that guavas have five times more vitamin C than oranges.

Resting potential

The resting potential of a cell is the membrane potential that would be maintained if there were no action potentials, synaptic potentials, or other active changes in the membrane potential. In most cells the resting potential has a negative value, which by convention means that there is excess negative charge inside compared to outside. The resting potential is mostly determined by the concentrations of the ions in the fluids on both sides of the cell membrane and the ion transport proteins that are in the cell membrane. How the concentrations of ions and the membrane transport proteins influence the value of the resting potential is outlined below.


Thrust

Thrust is a force or a push. When a system pushes or accelerates mass in one direction, there is a thrust (force) just as large in the opposite direction. In math and physics, this is described by Isaac Newton’s second and third laws. Thrust is used to describe how strongly an engine pushes. It can be used for many kinds of vehicles and engines such as rockets, motorboats, propellers, and jet engines.

Thrust is measured in “pounds of thrust” in the U.S. and in newtons in the metric system. 4.45 newtons of thrust equals 1 pound of thrust. A pound of thrust is how much thrust it would take to keep a one-pound object unmoving against the force of gravity on earth.

A very common question is how to compare the thrust number of an airplane engine with the mechanical power of a piston engine (the kind of engine in cars and in many airplanes with propellers). It is hard to compare these two. This is because they are not measuring the same exact thing. A piston engine does not move the plane. It just turns the propeller, which moves the plane. Because of this, piston engines are rated by how much power they give to the propeller.

However, a jet engine has no propeller – it pushes the aircraft by moving hot air behind it. A useful way to measure the power of a jet engine is to how much power the jet engine gives to the aircraft through its thrust force. This is called the “propulsive power of the jet engine." Power is how much force it takes to move something over a distance, divided by the time it takes to move that distance:

Where P is power, F is force, d is distance, and t is time. For a rocket or jet engine, the force is the same as thrust produced by the engine. Distance divided by time is also called speed. So power is the same as thrust times speed

Where T is thrust and "v" is speed. This is the power being delivered by the engine at a certain thrust or velocity. The propulsive power of a jet engine increases with its speed.

When the thrust of a rocket or an engine is compared to the weight, it is called the Thrust-to-weight ratio. The number that comes from this comparison does not have any units, because it is a ratio. A ratio in this case means that the thrust of the engine (in Newtons) is divided by the weight (in Newtons). The purpose of this comparison is to show how well the engine or vehicle performs, for example how much acceleration. It is a number that can be used to compare various types of motors like airplane motors, jet engines, rocket engines, or car engines.

This comparison number can change while the engine is running. This is because the weight of the engine gets lighter as fuel is used. The thrust-to-weight ratio is used to actually compare engines is the number found when the engine is first running.

Thrust is measured in “pounds of thrust” in the U.S. and in Newtons in the metric system. 4.45 Newtons of thrust equals 1 pound of thrust. A pound of thrust is how much thrust it would take to keep a one-pound object unmoving against the force of gravity on earth.

An airplane makes forward thrust when air is pushed in the direction opposite to flight. The thrust is made by the spinning blades of a propeller. Thrust can also be made by a rotating fan pushing air out from the back of a jet engine. Another way is by ejecting hot gases from a rocket engine.

Reverse thrust is the opposite of forward thrust. In this way air is pushed in the same way as the motion of the body. Reverse thrust can be used to help braking after landing. This can be done by redirecting the thrust in a turbofan or jet engine or by changing the blade angle of a propeller driven aircraft.

Birds normally achieve thrust during flight by flapping their wings.

A boat with a motor makes thrust or reverse thrust when the propellers are turned to push water backwards (or forwards). The thrust that this makes pushes the boat in the opposite direction than the water is being pushed.

A rocket is pushed forward by a thrust force as large as the force the exhaust gas makes when going out of the rocket nozzle. The force the exhaust gas makes is called the exhaust velocity. The velocity is measured compared to the rocket. For vertical launch of a rocket to work, the starting thrust must be more force than the weight of the rocket.

Thrust (disambiguation)

Thrust is a reaction force described by Newton's Second and Third Law. For this meaning, see Thrust.

This word has other uses:

Robert A. Heinlein

Robert Anson Heinlein (July 7, 1907 – May 8, 1988) was an American writer. He mostly wrote science fiction books. He won the Hugo Award four times. Probably his best-known novels are Starship Troopers (1959, Hugo Award, was made into a film), and Stranger in a Strange Land (1961, Hugo Award). Two other Hugo awards were for Double Star (1956) and The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (1966). Together with Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke he is seen as one of the "Big Three of Science Fiction".

Heinlein employed his concept of the "World as Myth" in various works, notably his science fiction novel "The Number of the Beast," which features a device which navigates through Block Time (aka Eternalism) in a plenum of innumerable alternate universes.

List of video game genres

There are many computer and video game genres. Here is a list of some of the common ones.

Fable

A fable is a type of story which shows something in life or has a meaning to a word. A fable teaches a lesson or suggests a moral from it. A fable starts in the middle of the story, that means, jumps into the main event without detailed introduction of characters. The characters of a fable may be animals, plants and legendary creatures. When animals are used in fables, they think and talk like people, even though they act like animals. For example, in a fable a clay pot might say that it is frightened of being broken.

The stories told by fables are usually very simple. To understand a fable, the reader or listener does not need to know all about the characters, only one important thing. For this reason animals are often used in fables in a way that is easily understood because it is always the same. They keep the same "characteristics" from story to story.

The most famous fables are those attributed to Aesop (6th century B.C.). Many fables are so well known that their morals have become English sayings.

For example:

"Crying wolf" is another well-known English saying. This comes from "The Boy Who Cried Wolf". This fable is about a boy who was sent to mind the sheep. The boy got lonely while minding the sheep, so he shouted "Wolf! Wolf!" The people came running. The next day, he did it again and they were very angry. On the third day the boy saw a wolf. He cried "Wolf! Wolf!" but no one came and the wolf ate him.



Drainage

Drainage is the natural or artificial removal of surface and sub-surface water from a given area. Many agricultural soils need drainage to improve production or to manage water supplies.

The earliest archaeological record of an advanced system of drainage comes from the Indus Valley Civilization from around 3100 BC in what is now Pakistan and North India. The ancient Indus systems of sewerage and drainage that were developed and used in cities throughout the civilization were far more advanced than any found in contemporary urban sites in the Middle East and even more efficient than those in some areas of modern Pakistan and India today. All houses in the major cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had access to water and drainage facilities. Waste water was directed to covered drains, which lined the major streets.

Wetland soils may need drainage to be used for agriculture. In the northern USA and Europe, glaciation created numerous small lakes which gradually filled with humus to make marshes. Some of these were drained using open ditches and trenches.

The largest project of this type in the world has been in process for centuries in the Netherlands. The area between Amsterdam, Haarlem and Leiden was, in prehistoric times swampland and small lakes. Turf cutting (Peat mining), subsidence and shoreline erosion gradually caused the formation of one large lake, the Haarlemmermeer, or lake of Haarlem. The invention of wind powered pumping engines in the 15th century permitted drainage of some of the marginal land, but the final drainage of the lake had to await the design of large, steam powered pumps and agreements between regional authorities. The elimination of the lake occurred between 1849 and 1852, creating thousands of km of new land.


Polder

Empoldering is a method of reclaiming land from the sea or from inland lakes, and a way to control floods. Empoldering involves the use of a polder, a piece of land in a low-lying area that has been reclaimed from a body of water by building dikes and drainage canals.

Although empoldering is usually carried out in low-lying coastal areas, it can also be done in inland areas such as lakes and rivers. It is common in countries like the Netherlands, where much of the country is below sea level and subject to flooding. About one-fifth of the land in the Netherlands has been reclaimed from the sea. Their largest and most successful project is the Zuiderzee Works.

Polders have two distinct features. Firstly, they are enclosed by dikes to keep the water out. The dikes also serve to protect the polder from erosion. Secondly, polders are continually maintained by systems of drainage canals and pumps which prevent them from becoming waterlogged and hence, suitable for cultivation.

Stage 1: Dike constructed around the area to be reclaimed to keep water from coming in.

Stage 2: The area is drained using pumps and drainage canals.

Stage 3: "Reeds" (a type of salt tolerant plant) are sown by aircraft to help the soil form.

Stage 4: After 3 years, reeds are burnt and the ash is used as fertilizers for the soil.

Stage 5: After a period of up to 15 years, the polder is ready for growing crops, building houses and constructing roads.

1. Cost of reclaiming from deeper waters 

2. Availability of sand 

3. Dispute over territorial boundaries

Resistor

A resistor limits the electric current that flows through a circuit. Resistance is the restriction of current. In a resistor the energy of the electrons that pass through the resistor are changed to heat and/or light. For example, in a light bulb, the tungsten filament acts as a resistor that heats up because of the current going through it, causing it to glow.

Resistors can be linked in various combinations to help make a circuit:


There are many different types of resistors. Resistors have different power ratings to tell engineers how much power they can handle before they break and how accurate their value is. Connecting two resistors in series results in a higher resistance, and connecting them in parallel makes a lower resistance. 
Nowadays the electrical industry in many cases uses so called surface-mount technology based resistors which can be very small.

Where R is the resistor's value 

The formula for Ohm’s law, V=I*R, states that the voltage drop across a component is equal to the product of the current flowing in the component multiplied by the resistance of the component. When using Ohm’s law, you are able to switch the formula around if needed to find a different outcome: I=V/R or R=V/I 

Resistor's values are rated by the colors that are painted on the resistor. The colored bands that are used on the sides of a resistor are black, brown, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, gray, and white. Each color represents a different number. The black band represents the number 0, brown band represents the number 1, red is 2 and so on all the way to white which is the number 9. These numbers are very important in the electronic field.

A resistor has multiple bands of color on its side. The most common have four or five but they can range all the way up to 6 per resistor. On a four band resistor, the last band is usually gold or silver. The gold band represents a positive or negative 5% tolerance. The silver band on a resistor represents a positive or negative 10% tolerance. Hold this band on the right side, and read the colors from left to right. The first two bands are read as the numbers that they represent in the color code. The third band acts as a multiplier for the other bands, so for example, if the third band was an orange band which is a 3, it would mean you multiply the two numbers by 1000. In short you add the value of the color in zeros at the end, so add three zeros.

Online calculators are available to calculate color codes. When the color codes are put into the calculator, it will automatically calculate the value of the resistor, along with the tolerance.

Resistors are used in many different ways. First of all, they are put in circuits to protect components from damage such as LEDs.
They also control the amount of current flowing in a circuit, for example, if you want less current to flow you would put in a resistor with a higher value. Resistors can also split voltage between different parts of a circuit and control time delay.

Electric heaters use very large resistors to turn electricity into heat. Usually, engineers try to make resistors heat up as little as possible to not waste power, but in a heater, this "waste" is a good thing. You can also use resistors for soldering electronics.

Many different types of resistors are made. They are made with a resistive material encased in a non-conductive material, such as plastic or ceramic. Fixed resistors are usually made of carbon encased in a plastic cylinder, with a connecting wire on either end. Most resistors used in electronics today are carbon resistors. Older resistors were made of other poorly conducting metals, in order to restrict the flow of charge.

Death Star

The Death Star is a fictional moon-sized space station and superweapon. It was invented for the "Star Wars" movies. It was a huge spherical space station which fired a ray of energy which could destroy a planet.

The details of the Death Star changed between different models during production of "". These changes include the position of the superlaser. The idea of the Death Star as a large, spherical space station was the same in all the models. The sound of the Death Star counting down until it fires comes from the "Flash Gordon" movies from the 1930's. Making a Death Star that was only partly built (but was still powerful) was a problem for Industrial Light & Magic's modelmakers for "". Only the front side of the 137-centimeter model was finished. The image was flipped horizontally for the final movie. The Death Star is a Super Weapon used by the Galactic Empire in Star Wars. Both Death Stars were created in the movies by using a full models, models of sections of the space station and matte paintings.

The first Death Star was shown in its finished form in "". It was commanded by Grand Moff Tarkin (Peter Cushing). The Death Star was the Galactic Empire's "ultimate weapon". The movie begins with Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) attempting to take the station's plans to the Rebel Alliance, wanting to help them destroy the Death Star. Onboard her vessel, she was captured by an imperial ship and taken captive to the Death Star. There, Tarkin tries to make Leia reveal the location of the rebel base by threatening the use of the Death Star to destroy Leia's home world, Alderaan. She tells them a location but not the real one, but Tarkin has her planet destroyed anyway. Later, Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) and his small crew are also captured and taken to the station, escaping with Leia shortly after. In the movie's main battle scene, the force ghost of Obi-wan Kenobi tells Luke to use the "Force" to help him direct proton torpedoes from his x-wing into the Death Star' reactor core and not with his ship's targeting system. Luke obeys and successfully launches the torpedoes into the core. This ultimately resulted in the destruction of the battle station.

"Return of the Jedi" takes place four years later. At this time, the Empire is building a new Death Star. It is half-finished in the movie. Darth Sidious (Ian McDiarmid) and Darth Vader (David Prowse/James Earl Jones) send the Rebels false information with the intention of trapping the Rebels, saying that the station's weapons systems are not fully functional. They also want to get Skywalker on board so they can turn him to the dark side of the Force. In the movie's climax, Vader throws Sidious down one of the station's reactor core, apparently killing him. However, Sidious fires a large amount of sith lightning during this process and critically damages the electronics on Vader's suit that keeps him alive. Luke tries to get his father out of the battle station but he dies shortly after. Luke then takes Vader's body and leaves the Death Star just before it is destroyed by Lando Calrissian on board the "Millennium Falcon."

The first Death Star is also dealt with in the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy. Its schematics are shown in "". At the end of "", the Death Star is shown starting to be built.

Doctor of Philosophy

The Doctor of Philosophy, (PhD, Ph.D., DPhil or D.Phil.) is a degree which a person gets from a university by finishing a doctorate program. In many areas of study, the PhD / DPhil is the highest degree that a person can earn. This is called the "terminal degree". There are PhD / DPhil degrees for many different fields. Examples of these include PhDs / DPhils in literature, philosophy, history, science, mathematics and engineering. Some PhD / DPhil degrees have existed for hundreds of years, such as a PhD / DPhil in Canon Law. Other PhD / DPhil degrees were developed in the 1970s and 1980s, such as the PhD / DPhil in computer science.

To be admitted to a PhD / DPhil program, a person usually has to have completed their Bachelor's degree or master's degree that is related to the PhD / DPhil degree. For example, a person applying to be admitted to a PhD / DPhil degree in theater would normally have to have a master's degree such as a Master of Arts (MA) degree in theater, English literature or a related area.

The PhD / DPhil degree usually takes between three and six years of full-time study to complete. They may or may not require a master's degree beforehand. Many PhD / DPhil degrees begin with a period of graduate courses. After the PhD / DPhil student has taken these courses, they take examinations to test what the student knows about their area of study. After the student passes the exams, they begin to do original research. The product is a long research report called a dissertation (or a "thesis"). Some PhD / DPhil degrees also require students to pass exams in languages (such as French, German or other languages). Many PhD / DPhil students teach undergraduate students or assist professors with research during their PhD / DPhil studies.

Requirements for university teaching vary in different subjects and in different countries. A PhD / DPhil is necessary or usual to become a university professor in many fields, especially in science. However, many famous professors have not had higher degrees, though that is less common today. In some fields, there is no PhD / DPhil, and so another degree is required to become a university professor. For example, the highest degree in Fine Arts fields such as printmaking or graphic design is the Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degree. A person with an MFA degree can become a university professor in some Fine Arts fields.


Global 200

The Global 200 is the list of ecoregions identified by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) as priorities for conservation. According to the WWF, an ecoregion is defined as a "relatively large unit of land or water containing a characteristic set of natural communities that share a large majority of their species, dynamics, and environmental conditions (Dinerstein et al. 1995, TNC 1997)."

The WWF assigns a conservation status to each ecoregion in the Global 200: critical or endangered; vulnerable; and relatively stable or intact. Over half of the ecoregions in the Global 200 are rated endangered.





























Ecoregion

An ecoregion (ecological region), sometimes called a bioregion, is the next smallest ecologically and geographically defined area beneath "realm" or "ecozone". Ecoregions cover relatively large area of land or water, and contain characteristic, geographically distinct natural communities and species. When defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), the boundaries of an ecoregion approximate the original extent of the natural communities prior to any major recent disruptions or changes. The WWF has identified 825 terrestrial ecoregions, and approximately 450 freshwater ecoregions across the Earth.

World Wide Fund for Nature's full definition of an ecoregion, which is widely accepted and used, is the following:

The "Global 200" is the list of ecoregions identified by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) as priorities for conservation.

A terrestrial ecoregion is a certain area of land which is different from the area near it. It has a distinct climate, geology, type of soil, water availability, and distinct living species (the animals and plants that live in the ecoregion).

For example, one ecoregion can be a desert. It would have sand, very little water, very hot temperatures during the day and very cold at night. The plants could be just bushes, small trees, cactii. The animals could be scorpions, little mammals, spiders.

Or for example, an ecoregion could be a tropical forest It would have warm temperatures all day, a lot of rainfall all year, a huge river crossing, and a very organic soil. The plants could be huge trees or ferns. The animals could be insects, birds, fish and apes.

Marine ecoregions are regions of the world's oceans, that are defined by the WWF, to help activities for saving marine ecosystems.

The scheme used to find out these ecoregions is more or less the same as that for terrestrial ecoregions. Major habitat types are identified: polar, temperate shelfs and seas, temperate upwelling, tropical upwelling, tropical coral, pelagic, abyssal, and hadal (ocean trench) — which correspond to the terrestrial biomes. Major biogeographic realms, analogous to the seven terrestrial ecozones, represent large regions of the ocean basins: North Temperate Atlantic, Eastern Tropical Atlantic, Western Tropical Atlantic, South Temperate Atlantic, North Temperate Indo-Pacific, Central Indo-Pacific, Eastern Indo-Pacific, Western Indo-Pacific, South Temperate Indo-Pacific, Southern Ocean, Antarctic, Arctic, and Mediterranean.

The classification of Marine ecoregions is not developed to the same level of detail and comprehensiveness as that of the terrestrial ecoregions; only the priority conservation areas of the Global 200 are listed.

See Global 200 Marine ecoregions for a full list of marine ecoregions (World Wide Fund for Nature).

Freshwater ecoregions are the freshwater habitats of a particular geographic area, including rivers, streams, lakes, and wetlands. Freshwater ecoregions are distinct from terrestrial ecoregions, which have biotic communities of the land, and marine ecoregions, which are biotic communities of the oceans.

The WWF speaks of seven major habitat types of freshwater ecoregions: Large rivers, large river headwaters, large river deltas, small rivers, large lakes, small lakes, and xeric basins.

Several freshwater ecoregions are listed in the Global 200, the WWF's priority ecoregions for conservation of biodiversity.




Wetland

In physical geography, a wetland is an environment that combines the properties of land and water. Wetlands are a distinct kind of ecosystem.

The combination of wet and dry areas means that many more different kinds of plants, animals and insects may live in a wetland than compared to other types of habitat. Because of this great biodiversity, several important wetlands are among the Global 200 ecoregions that the World Wide Fund for Nature listed for conservation to try to get people to protect them. As well, Ramsar Convention is adopted in 1971 for protection of wetland.


Marsh

In geography, a marsh is a type of wetland. It has grasses, rushes, reeds, typhas, sedges, and other herbaceous plants (possibly with low-growing woody plants) in a context of shallow water. A marsh is different from a swamp, which has a greater proportion of open water surface, which is generally deeper than a marsh. In the US, the term 'swamp' is used for wetland dominated by trees rather than grasses and low herbs.

The water of a marsh can be fresh, brackish or saline. Coastal marshes may be associated with estuaries and along waterways between coastal barrier islands and the inner coast. Estuarine marshes often are based on soils consisting of sandy bottoms or bay muds.

Marshes are critically important wildlife habitat, often serving as breeding grounds for a wide variety of animal life.



Ulan-Ude

Ulan-Ude (Russian:Ула́н-Удэ́; Buryat: Улаан-Үдэ), formerly Verkhneudinsk (), the capital city of the Buryat Republic, Russia. The city is located about 100 km south-east of Lake Baikal. It sits at the foot of the Khamar-Daban and Khrebet Ulan-Burgasy mountain ranges, next to the confluence of the Selenga River and its tributary, the Uda. The city is divided into two parts by the Uda. Population 359,391 (2002 Census); 352,530 (1989 Census). It is the third largest city in East Siberia. It is served by Ulan-Ude Airport (Mukhino) as well as the smaller Ulan-Ude Vostochny Airport.

Ulan-Ude was founded in 1666 by the Russian Cossacks. Due to its geographical position, the city grew rapidly and became a large trade centre which connected Russia with China and Mongolia. There are old merchants' mansions richly decorated with wood and stone carving in the historical center of Ulan-Ude, along the river banks. They represent beautiful examples of Russian classicism. There is also a large and highly unusual head of Lenin in the central square.

Pelagic zone

The pelagic zone is the open sea or ocean that is not near the coast. The name comes from the Greek πέλαγος ("pélagos"), which might be translated as "open sea".

To make this clear, seas around continents have continental crust beneath them. They are shallow. Seas away from continents can be very deep, and do not have continental shelves beneath them. 

The pelagic (or open ocean) zone is divided into a number of sub-zones:


The last three zones are similar in character, and some marine biologists count them as a single zone or consider the latter two to be the one zone. Some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6000 meters, whether in a trench or not.



Vitamin A

Vitamin A is a vitamin, a group of organic chemicals including retinal and several carotenoids. The human body does not make these chemicals, and must take them from food. Egg yolks and liver are both rich in vitamin A. Many parts of the body need vitamin A. For example, vitamin A helps sight and is good for the immune system. It is also important for a growing embryo.

β-carotene, a provitamin found in foods like carrots can be converted to vitamin A. The efficiency of the conversion depends on genetics and fat consumption.

Too little vitamin A is dangerous to health. People who do not get enough of the vitamin may lose the ability to see in poor light and suffer from a weakened immune system. They may also have problems with memory, because vitamin A is important for the brain. People with malnutrition often have too little vitamin A. This is common in poor countries.

Too much vitamin A is also dangerous to one's health. It is a condition known as hypervitaminosis. Vitamin A is not soluble in water, and the human body can not get rid of the excess vitamin A easily by urination. Too much vitamin A can make someone very sick. People may get too much vitamin A from taking too many vitamin pills or from eating too much A-rich food like liver.

What applies to humans applies to all mammals at least. Some large predators, such as the big cats, seem not to eat their preys' livers. On the other hand, polar bears apparently do so, and they store vitamin A in their liver cells. However, they have long, sometimes very long, periods between kills. In contrast, African big cats kill about every three or four days, and they do seem to avoid eating the preys' livers.

Vitamin D

Vitamin D is a hormone. It is a steroid which is made in the body under the right conditions. To make it, the body needs sunlight, which acts on the lower layers of the skin. 

However, if the body does not make enough, it can be found from food sources in tiny amounts. In fact, many countries add it automatically to certain foods like milk. Supplements can be easily found in most developed countries.

Vitamin D is a fat-soluble nutrient. This means that any portion not used immediately is stored in fat tissue for future use.

As a hormone, Vitamin D does many things in the body. It was first discovered as the substance which could prevent and cure rickets. It controls the levels of calcium ions and phosphates in the blood, as well as calcium and magnesium absorption in the intestines. It helps bones grow and form. It is also good for the immune system.

In total, there are 5 different forms, D to D. The most common ones are D and D (see images).

D (also called cholecalciferol) is the kind produced by the body. It is also found naturally in marine oils and in lanolin (oil from sheep's wool), the most common source for supplements.

D (also called ergocalciferol) is produced by fungi. It is similar to D, but not exactly the same.

D is made in the skin from cholesterol, and changed into a more active form by the liver. However, the skin will not make it unless enough ultraviolet light shines on it. As sunlight contains ultraviolet light, getting enough sun is one way of getting enough D.

Many things can keep the skin from making enough D. Winter sunlight may be too weak. Melanin, which protects skin from damage, also keeps it from making D, which is why people with darker skin are more prone to deficiency. Older people are also prone, because aging skin makes less D, even with enough sunlight. Clothing, glass, sunscreens and sunblocks also shield the skin from getting enough ultraviolet light to make D.

It is hard to know how much supplemental Vitamin D, if any, is needed. Less than 25 micrograms (1000 IU) per day, but up to 100 mcg (4000 IU) per day is considered safe. A recent panel of Vitamin D researchers concluded that "at least" 20-25 mcg (800-1000 IU) per day would help most adults.

Few foods naturally contain much D. Fish do, especially oily ones, such as salmon, sardine and mackerel. Many kinds of edible mushrooms contain some D, like shiitake. Mushrooms grown in full sunlight tend to have more.


Biome

In ecology, a biome is a major regional group of distinctive plant and animal
communities best adapted to the region's physical natural environment,
latitude, elevation, and terrain.

A biome is made up of ecoregions or settlements at stable steady state and all associated transitional, disturbed, or degraded, vegetation, fauna and soils, but can often be identified by the climax vegetation type.

The biodiversity characteristic of each biome, especially the diversity of fauna and subdominant plant forms, is a function of abiotic factors and the biomass productivity of the dominant vegetation. Terrestrial biomes with higher net primary productivity, moisture availability, and temperature.

A fundamental classification of biomes is into:


Biomes are often given local names. For example, a temperate grassland or shrubland biome is known commonly as "steppe" in central Asia, "savanna" or "field" in southern Africa, "prairie" in North America, "pampa" in South America and "outback" or "scrub" in Australia.
Sometimes an entire biome may be targeted for protection, especially under an individual nation's "Biodiversity Action Plan".

Climate is a major factor determining the distribution of terrestrial biomes. Among the important climatic factors are:

Biodiversity generally increases away from the poles towards the equator, and increases with humidity.

The most widely used systems of classifying biomes correspond to latitude (or temperature zoning) and humidity.

In 1975, Miklos Udvardy published a system of biogeographic provinces that were divided into 12 terrestrial biomes.

Robert G. Bailey developed a biogeographical classification system for the United States in a map published in 1975. Bailey subsequently expanded the system to include the rest of North America in 1981, and the world in 1989. The Bailey system is based on climate, and is divided into four domains (Polar, Humid Temperate, Dry, and Humid Tropical), with further divisions based on other climate characteristics (subarctic, warm temperate, hot temperate, and subtropical, marine and continental, lowland and mountain).

A team of biologists developed an ecological land classification system for the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) that identified 14 biomes, called major habitat types, and further divided the world's land area into 867 terrestrial ecoregions. This classification is used to define the Global 200 list of ecoregions identified by the (WWF) as priorities for conservation. The WWF major habitat types are as follows:


The Endolithic biome, consisting entirely of microscopic life in rock pores (small holes in rocks) and cracks, kilometers beneath the surface, has only recently been discovered and does not fit well into most classification schemes.



Vitamin E

Vitamin E (which is also called Tocopherol or Tocotrienol, E307, E308,E309) is a vitamin. There are eight forms of it, E to E. It can be found in vegetable oils. Very often it is also added to lotions and creams for the skin. It is supposed to help the healing of the skin, after burns and injuries, and lower the risk of heart disease and cancer.

Some research suggests that vitamin E has anti-aging benefits.

Vitamin K

Vitamin K is a vitamin which is soluble in fat. It is probably best known for its role in the coagulation (clotting) of blood. However, it also serves other important functions in the body.

Vitamin K was discovered by a Danish chemist named Henrik Dam. He won the 1943 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering its key role in the coagulation of blood. Since that time, Vitamin K's role in other physiologic functions has become known. One of the most important is its role in controlling where calcium goes in the body.

Without Vitamin K, there would be a loss of blood when a person bleeds, which can lead to unconsciousness or even death. Vitamin K can be found in green vegetables, such as spinach, lettuce, broccoli or cabbage.

B vitamins

The B vitamin complex (also called B vitamins) are a group of 8 vitamins. They have an important job in the metabolism of cells. Each B vitamin is a cofactor (a coenzyme) for some key metabolic processes or it is a precursor needed to make one.

Originally, people thought they were just different forms of one vitamin (as with Vitamin D, for example). Later it turned out that they are separate vitamins that often can be found together. They are Vitamin B1/Thiamine, Vitamin B2/Riboflavin, Vitamin B3/Vitamin P/Vitamin PP/Niacin,Vitamin B5/Pantothenic acid, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B7/Vitamin H/Biotin, Vitamin B9/Vitamin M/Vitamin B-c/Folate and Vitamin B12. They are required for growth, and proper functioning of nerves and muscles. B vitamins are found in meat, milk, whole grains and fresh vegetables.

Vitamin B deficiencies have been shown to cause the following symptoms:


Well-known medical syndromes caused by thiamine deficiency are beri-beri, Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome (WKS), and optic neuropathy.

Subarctic climate

Places with a subarctic climate (also called boreal climate) have long, usually very cold winters, and short, warm summers. It is found on large landmasses, away from oceans, usually at latitudes from 50° to 70°N. Because there are no large landmasses at such latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere, it is only found at high "altitudes "(heights) in the Andes and the mountains of Australia and New Zealand's South Island. These climates are in groups "Dfc", "Dwc", "Dfd" and "Dwd" in the Köppen climate classification

This type of climate has very big changes in temperature throughout the year. In winter, temperatures can drop to -40 °C (also -40 °F) and in summer, the temperature may go above 30 °C (86 °F). But the summers are short, as there are no more than three months of the year with an average temperature of at least 10 °C (50 °F). However, at least one must have an average temperature of at least 10 °C (50 °F) . In addition, the coldest month must be below 0°C (32°F) The subarctic climate is in between the humid continental climate and the polar climate. The subarctic climate is found in the these places:


With 5–7 months in a row where the average temperature is below freezing, all water in the soil and subsoil freezes several feet deep. In the colder parts of this climate, summer warmth is not enough to "thaw" (unfreeze) more than a few feet on the top of the soil, so there can be "permafrost"(soil that is frozen forever). When the ice melts in the summer, 2 to 14 ft (0.6 to 4 m) of soil can thaw, depending on the latitude and the type of soil. Some subarctic climates near oceans (such as southern Alaska and the northern edge of Europe), have milder winters and no permafrost, so it is easier to farm there.

Summer is very short; it has about 45 to 100 days at most, and in a lot of places, the temperatures can go below freezing (32 °F or 0 °C) at any time of the year, even in the summer. Vegetation (plants) in a subarctic climate usually has low diversity (only a few different types of plants grow), because only "hardy" (very tough) species can survive the long winters and make use of the short summers. Trees are mostly evergreen conifers, because few "broadleaved" (big leaves) trees can survive the very low temperatures in winter. This type of forest is also known as taiga. The word "taiga" can also be a name for the climate itself. A lot of plants grow in the taiga (even if there are only a few different kinds of plants), so the taiga (boreal) forest is the largest forest biome on the planet, with most of the forests in Russia and Canada.

It is usually very hard to farm in subarctic climates, because the soil is "infertile" (it doesn't have the nutrients that many plants need to grow) and because of the many swamps and lakes that ice sheets make, and only very tough crops can survive the short growing seasons. On the plus side, the days last longer in the summer as you get closer to the poles. So the plants that can grow get a lot of sunlight. Potatoes, strawberries, blueberries and hay for animals grow well. Special varieties of other plants may grow as well.

There is very little precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, or hail); no more than 15 to 20 inches over an entire year. Rain and snow may stay above ground until the ground melts. This means that when the precipitation does soak into the ground, it can be very wet and muddy.

Close to the Earth's poles and the water around the poles, the warmest month has an average temperature of less than 10 °C (50 °F), and the subarctic climate turns into a tundra climate, which is even worse for trees.

Here are some places with subarctic climates:


Some places in the climate group "Dfd" (a very, very cold subarctic climate) are:


ONS coding system

The ONS coding system is a system used in the United Kingdom for dealing with census and other statistical data. It is used by the Office for National Statistics as a way to label each area of England and Wales. It is also used for parts of Northern Ireland. The system uses a code for the larger census areas, counties and districts. It then breaks those areas down into smaller areas within the larger areas. Each of the smaller areas get a code that is based on the larger area. Areas are divided in this way until they get to the smallest size used for census data. An area must have at least 40 households, but they try to not divide an area into a size smaller than 100 households. 


Michael Tippett

Sir Michael Kemp Tippett OM CH CBE (2 January 1905 – 8 January 1998) was an English composer. He is one of the greatest and most original composers of the 20th century. His work was published for the first time when he was 30 years old, and only become famous when he was about 40. The rhythms in his music and the tonality are very original. He is remembered for many kinds of music: opera, oratorio, orchestral music, chamber music and piano music. His oratorio "A Child of our Time" is especially well-known and often performed by choirs.

Tippett was born in Eastcote, Middlesex and spent his childhood in a small village in Suffolk. His father had retired and had bought a hotel in Cannes, France. Michael and his brother learned to speak French when they were very young. He was sent to school in Edinburgh when he was 13 but did not like it there so he went to the local Stamford Grammar School in Lincolnshire.

The only musical training he had as a child were his piano lessons. When he had finished his school years he decided he wanted to be a composer, but neither he nor his parents knew the best way to become a composer. He started having more piano lessons. Then someone said he should go to the Royal College of Music. He went there at the beginning of the summer term, 1923 and spent five years there studying music. He then moved to Oxted in Surrey and for six years he taught French at a school. He composed in his free time.

In Oxted there was a small choir. Tippett had sung with them while he was a student. Now he became their conductor and he learned a lot about music by getting the choir to sing English madrigals and other music including operatic music. He took some more lessons in composition from R.O.Morris at the RCM. He went to music camps where he learned more ideas about politics than about music. He agreed with a lot of the ideas of Trotsky. He became a pacifist and in 1940 he registered as a conscientious objector. In 1943 he spent three months in prison because he refused to help with the war effort.

Meanwhile, Tippett had become director of music at Morley College. He made the choir there into one of the best choirs in England. He played a lot of music by Henry Purcell whose music was not as well known then as it is now. He also worked with young musicians who later became famous: the tenor Peter Pears, the countertenor Alfred Deller and the Amadeus String Quartet.

In 1951 he became a broadcaster with the BBC. Some of the talks he gave on the radio were published in his book "Moving into Aquarius". He continued a brilliant career as composer, conductor and broadcaster. He was director of the Bath Festival which he helped to improve a lot. He became internationally famous, especially in America. His "Symphony no 4" and his oratorio "Mask of Time" were written for performances in America. His last opera "New Year" was written jointly for the Houston Grand Opera, Glyndebourne and the BBC. He was made a CBE in 1959, knighted in 1966, made a Companion of Honour in 1979 and received an Order of Merit in 1983. He received many honours from universities.

Tippett died from pneumonia in London in 1998 after travelling to Stockholm for a festival which included all his works except his stage works. Although he was able to return home he died shortly afterwards.

It is unusual for a great musician to begin studying music properly at the age of 18. However, he was old enough to realize that he had a lot to learn. He studied counterpoint and was influenced by the way Classical composers had shaped their music. Beethoven especially was an inspiration for him. One of his best-known works is the "Concerto for Double String Orchestra" (1938-1939). It shows his love of folk music as well as interest in English music of the Renaissance. This music is exciting because of its beats, which keep changing, and its dance-like character.

"A Child of Our Time" was an oratorio which used negro spirituals. He combined these with his own style of music. It is about something that really happened in 1938. A 17-year-old Jewish Polish boy killed a Nazi diplomat because the Nazis had taken away his parents. The Nazis were angry and killed lots of Jews in return. It was something which helped to lead to the World War II. Tippett’s music is about the cruelty that humans show towards one another.

Tippett’s operas include "A Midsummer Marriage" (started 1946, first performed 1955), "King Priam" (1958-61), "The Knot Garden" (1966-69) and "The Ice Break" (1973-76) and "New Year" (1989). He wrote several choral works. His orchestral works include 4 symphonies, a "Fantasia concertante on a Theme of Corelli" for strings (1953), a "Piano Concerto" (1953-55) and a "Concerto for violin, viola and cello" (1979). His chamber music includes piano sonatas and string quartets.

Tippett published many of his writings. "Moving into Aquarius" consists of talks given on the BBC. In his autobiography "Those Twentieth Century Blues" he discusses many of his problems, including his homosexuality, which in his earlier years he could not talk about because it was illegal at that time.


Claw

A claw is a sharp object. It is found at the end of a toe or finger in many mammals, birds, and some reptiles. The word "claw" is also used in reference to an invertebrate. For example, the chelae of crabs and lobsters are often called claws or pincers. 

A claw is made of hard protein called keratin. They are used by some meat eating mammals such as cats to catch and hold prey, but they may also be used for other things such as digging, climbing trees, and so on, in those and other species.

Similar appendages that are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead.

The correct name for an arthropod's 'claw' is chela (plural "chelae"). Legs that have a chela are called chelipeds. Chelae are also called pincers.

In tetrapods, claws are made of keratin and have two layers. The unguis is the outside hard layer, which has keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an angle. The subunguis is the soft, flaky layer, and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth. The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed. The unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to make a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle, making a more or less sharp point. Tetrapods use their claws in many ways, such as grasping or killing prey, digging, climbing, and hanging.

A talon is the claw of a bird of prey, which it uses to hunt. The talons are very important. If they did not have them, those birds might not be able to catch their food. In any event, birds often need to carry their prey back to the nest. Nests are safe places where prey can be shared with chicks or with their partner. In its nest a bird can tear prey apart and feed pieces to its ever-hungry chicks.

A nail is similar to a claw but it is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point. A nail that is big enough to hold weight is called a 'hoof'. 
Every so often, the growth of claws stops and restarts, just like the growth of hair. In hair, this causes the hair to fall out and it is replaced by a new one. In claws, this results in an old layer, and it breaks off. This takes several months for human thumbnails. Cats are often seen working old layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose. Ungulates' hooves trim themselves when they walk on the ground. Domesticated equids (horses, donkeys and mules) usually need regular trimming by a farrier. In the wild, horses regularly travel much further than do domestic horses. 

Many predatory mammals have claws that can hide inside the animal's paw, especially animals such as the cat. 

A primate's nail only has the unguis; the subunguis has disappeared. Similar to the tail, the claw in apes is not needed. However, in some primates, the subunguis has redeveloped to make a claw-like structure. These certain animals do not have actual claws; instead the unguis appears normal along with a thick growth of subunguis. Some lemurs have a toilet-claw which they use for scratching and grooming.


Max and Moritz

Max and Moritz (German: Max und Moritz) are two naughty little boys in a story by Wilhelm Busch. The stories were written in 1865 and are still extremely popular in Germany.

Wilhelm Busch was an artist as well as a writer. He wrote a lot of stories in rhyme and made drawings to go with them. "Max and Moritz" are stories like these. The two boys get up to lots of naughty pranks. There are seven stories (seven pranks). In the final prank they are caught and come to a sad end. In the 19th century writers had to show that bad behaviour would be punished in the end. The seven stories are stories with a moral.

In the first story the boys tie pieces of bread onto pieces of string and put it down where an old woman, Widow Bolte, keeps her hens. The hens each try to swallow a piece of bread, which sticks in their throats and they end up hanging in the tree and die.

In the second story Widow Bolte, who is still crying, decides she might as well roast the hens. The boys take fishing rods, climb onto the roof and pull the frying chickens up with their rods. Widow Bolte finds the chickens gone, thinks her little dog has eaten them, and gives the poor dog a beating.
In the third story they take a saw and make a hole in the tiny wooden bridge outside the tailor’s house. They shout at the tailor, calling him names. He is furious and comes running out, the bridge breaks and he falls into the stream. Two flying geese save him. He has a terrible tummy ache but his wife puts a hot iron on his tummy and he feels better.

In the fourth story the boys put gunpowder in the pipe of the schoolmaster while he is in church. When he lights his pipe there is an explosion.

In the fifth story the boys collect beetles and put them under the mattress in their uncle’s bed. In the middle of the night, when the uncle is asleep, the beetles creep up on him. He wakes up and fights with them until he has killed them all.

In the sixth story the boys try to steal some pretzels (German rolls) from the bakery, but they fall into the tub of dough. The baker comes in and finds them. He bakes them in the oven, but when they are taken out they eat their way through the dough and escape.

In the seventh story the boys cut a hole in the farmer’s sacks. When the miller picks one of these sacks up he realizes the grain is spilling. He sees the boys, puts them in the sack and takes them to the mill, where the miller grinds them into corn and feeds them to his ducks.

Abstinence

Abstinence is a voluntary restraint from following a desire or appetite for certain bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure. Most frequently, the term refers to abstention from sexual intercourse, alcohol or food. Abstinence can be due to personal preferences, religious practices of practical considerations.

In medicine abstinence also refers to discontinuation of an addictive drug. This may lead to intense craving for the drug or withdrawal syndromes. Abstinence from smoking is also recommended for those intending to undergo surgery.

Abstinence may be a temporary or short-term goal meant for short durations of time. This includes refraining from compulsive eating or from compulsive drinking. The time and the measure is voluntary and is thus meant to enhance life. This is different from psychological mechanism of repression where the abstinence is not willingly adopted.

In India, Buddhists, Jains, and some Hindus abstain from eating meat on the grounds both of health and of reverence for all sentient forms of life. Total abstinence from feeding on the flesh of cows is a hallmark of Hinduism.

Fasting, abstinence from food or drink or both for health, ritualistic, religious, or ethical purposes. The abstention may be complete or partial, lengthy, of short duration, or intermittent.

For Jewish people the principal day of fast is Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement.

Those who follows Islam the period of fasting lasts during the whole month of Ramadan. Each day of the month of Ramadan, people of the faith, fast without anything to eat or drink from dawn to dusk.

Hindus fast on several festivals sometimes going without food or water and sometimes living only on fruits and dairy products. Followers of Hinduism also observe certain days when they may abstain completely from eating meat, eggs or fish. This is called vegetarianism. Some faiths like Buddhism and Jainism may advocate complete vegetarianism.

Catholics and Orthodox Christians abstain from food and drink for an hour prior to taking Holy Communion, and abstain from meat on Ash Wednesday and during Lent.

Mormons abstain from certain foods and drinks by combining spiritual discipline. Mormons also fast one day a month and the money saved by skipping meals is donated to the needy.

Both Jews and Muslims abstain from pork in their regular diet. Hindus abstain from beef in their diet.




Sexual abstinence

Sexual abstinence is the practice of not having sex. It is a choice that some people make. As well as sex itself, they may also choose to abstain from other sexual activities. Sexual abstinence has been debated since ancient history, both in terms of same-sex and opposite-sex relationships. Some people take anaphrodisiacs to help them stay abstinent. Someone who decides to avoid sex is called a celibate or volcel.

Abstaining from sex before marriage can be called chastity. In some countries, it is illegal to have sex before marriage. Many religious and ethical systems forbid sexual activities between a person and anyone other than a spouse. These include most denominational variations of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Other legal systems and societal norms can promote abstinence. People who are abstinent even though they do not want to be are sometimes called incels or TFL (true forced loneliness). One form of sexual abstinence is fapstinence, avoiding masturbation.

People may choose to practice abstinence for other reasons. A common reason is because of the person's religious or philosophical beliefs. When done for religious reasons, it is called celibacy. Other people may choose abstinence in order to prevent pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases. When someone is abstinent from sex but they don't want to be, its sometimes called "incel", short for "involuntary celibacy".


Council of Jerusalem

The Council of Jerusalem or apostolic council is a common name for a meeting of early Christian leaders reported in the "Acts of the Apostles" chapter . The meeting must have happened about the year 50, at the latest some time before the death of James the Just in 62.

A common interpretation is that the council came together because there was disagreement within the Early Christian community between those who believed the church must observe the rules of traditional Judaism, and Paul of Tarsus, who believed there was no such necessity. The "rules of traditional Judaism," the Halakha of Rabbinic Judaism, were not finished at this time.

The central issue was circumcision, as the author of "Acts" relates the initial confrontation in Antioch, where Paul had been preaching:



Ironing

Ironing means getting the creases out of clothes after they have been washed and dried. Ironing is done with a tool called an "iron". It is called an iron because in past centuries it was made of iron, a type of metal. The iron is heated before it is used. This used to be done by putting the iron on a fire. Nowadays electricity is used to warm the iron. The user can put water inside, which becomes steam. 

Ironing clothes is usually easiest when the clothes are still very slightly damp, but it depends on the material of the clothes. There is normally a label on the clothes which shows whether it can be ironed, and at what temperature. Ironing is usually done with a padded ironing board. The clothes to be ironed are put on the ironing board and the iron is pushed carefully along the cloth to get all the wrinkles out. 

Central European Time

Central European Time is a time zone. It is one hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (what used to be called Greenwich Mean Time). Most countries in the central part of Europe and some countries in Africa follow it. 

In Europe, the countries of Ireland, Great Britain, Iceland and Portugal use Western European Time. All the other countries, up to Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and North Macedonia use Central European Time. 

Algeria and Tunisia in Africa use CET but do not observe daylight saving time. 

Central European Summer Time

Central European Summer Time (sometimes called Central European Daylight Time) is the name for a time zone. It is a daylight saving time. Some of the countries that have Central European Time shift their clocks forward one hour, during the summer months and shift it one hour backwards during winter months.

A research station called Troll in Antarctica uses this time zone in the winter, but uses Greenwich Mean Time in the summer.

The part of Europe using this time zone has had many changes from Central European Summer Time. It is because the Sun is not matching with the time in their areas. They have also stopped using the timezone multiple times.

James the Just

James the Just, also called James Adelphotheos, James, 1st Bishop of Jerusalem, or James, the Brother of the Lord and often identified with James the less (James, son of Alphaeus), who died in AD 62, was an important figure in Early Christianity.

According to tradition, he was the first formal leader or bishop of Jerusalem, the author of the James in the New Testament, and the first of the Seventy of Luke 10:1-20. Paul of Tarsus in Galatians 2:9 (KJV) characterized James as such: "... James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars..." He is described in the New Testament as a "brother of Jesus" and in the Liturgy of St James as "the brother of God" ("Adelphotheos") 

James was called "the Just" because of his ascetic practices, which involved taking Nazarite vows. The name also helps distinguish him from other important figures in early Christianity, such as James, son of Zebedee.

He is sometimes called "James Adelphotheos", (literally "James the Brother of God" - Greek : Iάκωβος ο Αδελφόθεος ), based on New Testament descriptions.
James' name was important in the genealogy of Jesus because he always appears first when someone lists Jesus' brothers and sisters, this means that James was the eldest brother of Jesus.

The canonical writings of the New Testament, as well as other written sources from the early church, provide some insights into Saint James' life and his role in the early church. The Synoptics mention his name, but nothing else about him, whereas the Gospel of John and early chapters of the Acts of the Apostles do not even mention James.

"Acts of the Apostles", in later chapters, provides evidence that James was an important figure in the Christian community of Jerusalem. When Peter, having miraculously escaped from prison, must flee Jerusalem, he asks that James be informed (12:17). When the Christians of Antioch are concerned over whether Gentile Christians need be circumcised to be saved, and they send Paul and Barnabas to confer with the Jerusalem church there, James played a prominent role in the formulation of the council's decision (15:13ff). Indeed, after Peter and Paul have made their case, it is James who finally delivers what he calls his "judgement"—the original sense is close to "my ruling"—and afterwards, all accept it. James, in other words, is shown in charge of the Jerusalem group, which conflicts with later claims of Peter's primacy there. And when Paul arrives in Jerusalem to deliver the money he raised for the faithful there, it is to James that he speaks, and who insists that Paul ritually cleanse himself at Herod's Temple to prove his faith and deny rumors of teaching rebellion against the Torah (21:18ff) (a charge of antinomianism).

Paul further describes James as being one of the persons the risen Christ showed himself to (1 Corinthians 15:3-8); then later in 1 Corinthians, mentions James in a way that suggests James had been married (9:5); and in Galatians, Paul lists James with Cephas (better known as Peter) and John, as the three "pillars" of the Church, and who will minister to the "circumcised" (in general Jews and Jewish Proselytes) in Jerusalem, while Paul and his fellows will minister to the "uncircumcised" (in general Gentiles). (2:9, 2:12). These terms (circumcised/uncircumcised) are generally interpreted to mean Jews and Greeks, who were predominant, however it is an oversimplification as 1st century Iudaea Province also had some Jews who no longer circumcised, and some Greeks (called Proselytes or Judaizers) and others such as Egyptians, Ethiopians, and Arabs who did.



Disciple (Christianity)

In Christianity, the disciples were the students of Jesus during his ministry, which sometimes means only the Twelve Apostles, but the gospels speaks of different numbers of disciples. In the Book of Acts, the Apostles themselves have disciples. The word "disciple" is used today as a way of self-identification for those who seek to learn from Christianity.

The term disciple comes from the Ancient Greek language word
coming to English by way of the Latin "discipulus". "Disciple" should not be confused with "apostle", meaning
"" While a disciple is one who learns from a teacher, a student, an apostle is sent to deliver those teachings to others.

Both the gospels of Mark () and Matthew () include passages where Jesus initially calls four fishermen from among those at the Sea of Galilee. These are Simon (later called "Rock" or Peter) and his brother Andrew, and the brothers James and John (later called the "Sons of Thunder" or Boanerges). A very similar report in the Gospel of Luke does not speak of Andrew. also includes an initial calling of disciples, but these are: an unnamed disciple, Andrew, Simon, Philip and Nathanael.

Since the Gospel of Luke does not include Andrew, and through various passages in the four gospels where Simon Peter, James and John are called to meet with Jesus separately from the twelve, they are commonly termed "the three." The usage of "the four" over "the three" is still a point which some Christians debate, but never as an essential doctrinal point.

Most of the attention in the gospels is given to a specific group of disciples called by Jesus on the top of a mountain and commissioned by him as the Twelve Apostles. These men are:


The Gospel of John refers to one disciple as the one whom Jesus loved. Since the apostle John, unlike the other twelve, is never named in that gospel, the "beloved disciple" is assumed to be him.

The number of or persons among Jesus' disciples is not always given in the gospel accounts. A much larger group of people is identified as disciples in the opening of the passage of the Sermon on the Plain that begins in Luke .

Additionally, seventy (or seventy-two, depending on the source used) people are sent out in pairs to prepare the way for Jesus (Luke 10). They are sometimes referred to as "the Seventy" or "the Seventy Disciples". They are to eat any food offered, heal the sick and spread the word; that God's reign is coming, that whoever hears them hears Jesus, whoever rejects them rejects Jesus and whoever rejects Jesus rejects the One who sent him. In addition they are granted great powers over the enemy and their names are written in heaven.

Cleopas is one of the two disciples to whom the risen Lord appeared at Emmaus (Luke 24:18). Cleopas, with an unnamed disciple of Jesus' are walking from Jerusalem to Emmaus on the day of Jesus' resurrection. Cleopas and his friend were discussing the events of the past few days when a stranger asked them what they spoke of. The stranger asked to join Cleopas and his friend for the evening meal. There the stranger revealed himself, after blessing and breaking the bread, as the resurrected Jesus and then disappeared. Cleopas and his friend hastened to Jerusalem to carry the news to the other disciples, where Jesus subsequently appeared to them as well. The incident is without parallel in Matthew, Mark, or John.

In Luke (10:38–42), Mary, sister of Lazarus is contrasted with her sister Martha, who was "cumbered about many things" while Jesus was their guest, while Mary had chosen "the better part," that of listening to the master's discourse. John names her as the "one who had anointed the Lord with perfumed oil and dried his feet with her hair" (11:2). In Luke, an unidentified "sinner" in the house of a Pharisee anoints Jesus' feet. Any pre-existing relationship between Jesus and Lazarus himself, prior to the miracle, is unspecified by John. In Catholic folklore, Mary, the sister of Lazarus, is seen as the same as Mary Madgalene.

Luke refers to a number of people accompanying Jesus and the twelve. From among them he names three women: "Mary, called Magdalene, ... and Joanna the wife of Herod's steward Chuza, and Susanna, and many others, who provided for them out of their resources" (Luke 8:2-3). Mary Magdalene and Joanna are among the women who went to prepare Jesus' body in Luke's account of the resurrection, and who later told the apostles and other disciples about the empty tomb and words of the "two men in dazzling clothes". Mary Magdalene is the most well-known of the disciples outside of the Twelve. More is written in the gospels about her than the other female followers. There is also a large body of lore and literature covering her.

Other gospel writers differ as to which women witness the crucifixion and witness to the resurrection. Mark includes Mary, the mother of James and Salome (not to be confused with Salomé the daughter of Herodias) at the crucifixion and Salome at the tomb. John includes Mary the wife of Clopas at the crucifixion.



Ahmed Jibril

Ahmed Jibril (1938 – July 7, 2021) was the founder and co-leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command (PFLP-GC). He founded it in 1968. His son Jihad Ahmed Jibril was to take over, but was killed by a car bomb in Beirut in 2002.

Jihad Ahmed Jibril

Mohammed Jihad Ahmed Jibril (March 3, 1961 in Damascus - May 20, 2002 in Beirut) was the son of Ahmed Jibril, founder of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command (PFLP-GC). He was killed by a car bomb. He was assassinated on May 20, 2002. 

Jihad Ahmed Jibril was the leader of the military wing of the PFLP-GC and was the heir apparent of the organization before he was killed in a car bombing in Beirut in 2002. The assassination was blamed on Israel, although Jibril had many other enemies, including the Lebanese Christian militia and other Palestinian nationalist organizations. 

Ahmed Jibril was co-leader of the militant Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command. Israeli radio reports said that the son, Jihad Ahmed Jibril, was involved in smuggling arms and explosives to Palestinian militants in the West Bank and Gaza Strip but there was no evidence to directly link him with terrorist attacks.

Ahmed Jibril accused the Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad, of responsibility for the killing, but a spokesman for Defense Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer said Israel was not involved.

In mid-June 2006, Lebanon authorities arrested a group of alleged spies who reportedly confessed to working for Israel and carrying out the attacks.

Topkapı Palace

The Topkapı Palace is a palace in Istanbul (Constantinople), Turkey. Topkapı Saray in Turkish means the "Cannongate Palace". It was built in 1465. The palace was the administrative center of the Ottoman Empire. It was turned into a museum at the request of Turkey's first President, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in 1924. It was built on the acropolis, the site of the first settlement in Istanbul. The palace has a very good view of the Golden Horn, the Bosphorus and the Sea of Marmara. The palace is surrounded by 5km of walls. It has an area of 700,000 sq. m at the tip of the historical peninsula.

The First Court (or "Alay Meydanı") spans over the entire Seraglio Point and is surrounded by high walls. This court was also known as the Court of the Janissaries or the Parade Court.

The main gate is called Bab-ı Hümayun, simply the Imperial Gate. Apart from the Topkapı Palace, the First Court also contains the old imperial mint (constructed in 1727), the church of Hagia Eirene, the Archeology Museum (constructed during the 19th century) and various fountains, pavilions (for example, the Çinili Pavilion, or Tiled Pavilion) and gardens (including the Gülhane Park, the old imperial rose garden).

The Çinili Pavilion (1472) has many superb examples of Iznik tiles. It now houses the Museum of Islamic Art.

The Fountain of the Executioner is where the executioner washed his hands and sword after a beheading. The Fountain of Ahmed III is an example of Rococo work.

The huge Gate of Greeting ("Bab-üs Selam") leads into the palace and the Second Court ("Divan Meydanı").

The second court is a park surrounded by the palace hospital, bakery, Janissary quarters, stables, the imperial Harem and Divan to the north and the kitchens to the south. The kitchens today contain one of the world's largest collections of Chinese blue-and-white and celadon porcelain, valued by the sultans because it was supposed to change color if the food or drink it contained was poisoned.

The Divan Salonu, or Imperial Council Chamber, was where the sultan's counselors and functionaries met to discuss the empire's affairs. The Sultan could overhear from a concealed grille.

Beyond the Gate of Felicity ("Bab-üs Saadet") is the Third Court which is the heart of the palace, a lush garden surrounded by the Hall of the Privy Chamber ("Has Oda") occupied by the palace officials, the treasury (which contains some of the finest treasures of the Ottoman age, including the Sacred Trusts), the Harem and some pavilions, with the library of Ahmed III in the center.

The Treasury holds some of the most famous and spectacular jewels in the world, including the famous Topkapı Dagger. In 1747, the Sultan had this dagger made for Nadir Shah of Persia, but the Shah was assassinated before the emissary had left the Ottoman Empire's boundaries and so the Sultan retained it. There are three large emeralds in the hilt and the sheath is worked with diamonds and enamel. This dagger was the subject of the famous film "Topkapi".

The Harem was home to the Sultan's mother, the Valide sultan; the concubines and wives of the Sultan; and the rest of his family, including children; and their servants. There are approximately 300 rooms (though only about twenty are open to the public), and the Harem housed as many as 500 people, which sometimes amounted up to 300 women, their children, and the eunuchs.

Many of the rooms and features in the Harem were designed by Sinan, a famous architect of the Ottoman Empire.

The Pavilion of the Holy Mantle holds the cloak of Mohammed, his sword, his teeth, his beard, and other relics which are known as the Sacred Trusts. Even the Sultan and his family were permitted entrance only once a year, on the 15th day of Ramadan, during the time when the Palace was a residence. Now any visitor can see these items and many Muslims come on pilgrimage for this purpose.



Acts of the Apostles

The Acts of the Apostles (Greek "Praxeis Apostolon") is a book of the Bible, which now is the fifth in the New Testament. It is often simply called Acts.

Acts tells the story of the Early Christian church, with particular interest for the ministry of the Twelve Apostles and of Paul of Tarsus. The early chapters in Jerusalem, report Jesus's Resurrection, his Ascension, the Day of Pentecost, and the start of the Twelve Apostles' ministry. The later chapters report Paul's conversion, his ministry, and finally his arrest and imprisonment and trip to Rome.
Most people think that the author of Acts also wrote the Gospel of Luke, as Acts 1:1 refers to 'the former treatise have I made, Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach'. The traditional view is that both the two books were written "c." 60 by a companion of Paul named Luke. Many theologians still think so. But some think the books were written by an unknown author at a later date, sometime between 80 and 150. 


Firebreak

A Firebreak is a way to fight wildfires. In a firebreak, there is no vegetation, or other material that can burn. This makes it hard for a fire to jump across the break. Therefore, the spread of a possible fire is delayed.

Slum

A slum is a part of a city or a town where many poor people live. It is a place where people may not have basic needs, such as running water, electricity, toilets, telephones, etc. Some of these people may also have social disadvantages, such as unemployment, no access to education, no access to health care, no municipal services, etc. There are slums in most of the big cities of developing countries and least developed countries (which are also labelled as the "Third World"). They may not be called "slum", however; see shanty town.

Charles Dickens was a great author of Victorian London. His account of the St Giles rookery was:

Dickens, "Sketches by Boz", 1839.



Montauban

Montauban () is a "commune" in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France. It is the "préfecture" (capital) of the department.

The town, built mainly with reddish bricks, is on the right bank of the Tarn river at its confluence with the Tescou. It was one of the first bastides in history.

Together with Mont-de-Marsan, Montauban is one of the oldest towns with walls (a bastide) in southern France. It was founded in 1144 by Alphonse Jourdain, Count of Toulouse. Most of the inhabitants came from Montauriol, a village which had grown up around the neighbouring monastery of St Théodard.

In the 13th century the town suffered much during the Albigensian Crusade and from the Inquisition, but by 1317 it had recovered sufficiently to be chosen by the Pope John XXII as the head of a diocese of which the basilica of St Théodard became the cathedral.

In 1360, under the Treaty of Brétigny, the town was given to the English; they were expelled by the inhabitants in 1414. In 1560 the bishops became Protestants; ten years later it became one of the four Huguenot strongholds under the Peace of Saint-Germain, and formed a small independent republic.

In 1790, Montauban was in the Lot department as the capital of a district; with the creation of the "arrondissements" in 1800, Montauban became a "sous-préfecture" in the Lot department. When Napoleon created the Tarn-et-Garonne department in 1809, Montauban became the préfecture (capital) of the new department.

Montauban is at about to the north of Toulouse, on the confluence of the Tescou and the Tarn rivers, and at from Agen ("préfecture" of the Lot-et-Garonne), from Albi ("préfecture" of the Tarn) and at about from Cahors ("préfecture" of the Lot).

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Montauban is surrounded by the "communes" Villemade, Piquecos, Lamothe-Capdeville, Albias, Saint-Étienne-de-Tulmont, Léojac, Saint-Nauphary,Corbarieu,Bressols, Lacourt-Saint-Pierre, Montbeton and Albefeuille-Lagarde.

The climate of Montauban, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Montauban is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Montauban is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Montauban are known, in French, as "Montalbanais" (women: "Montalbanaises").

With a population of 58,826, Montauban has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montauban

Montauban is the prefecture of the Tarn-et-Garonne department since 1809. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montauban and the administrative centre () of three cantons, all formed with part of the commune:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Montauban" ().

Montauban is twinned with:

Some interesting places in Montauban are:




Layyah

Layyah is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is the capital of Layyah District. Layyah gets its name from the wild short shrub commonly known as Layyan. Layyah is located between the rivers Indus and Chenab in central Pakistan. 


Leo III

Leo III (or the Greek form Leon III) refers to:

Pope Leo III

Leo III (died June 12, 816) was Pope from 795 to 816. He is famous for the coronation of Charlemagne as emperor in 800.

Leo was born in Rome.

Leo reported his election to Charlemagne, sent him the keys of Saint Peter's tomb and the banner of Rome. Charlemagne replied that it was his function to defend the church and the Pope's to pray for the kingdom and for victory of the army.

Charlemagne went to Rome in November 800, and on December 1 held a council there with representatives of both sides. Leo, on December 23, took an oath of purgation concerning the charges brought against him, and his opponents were exiled. Two days later Leo crowned Charlemagne at St. Peter's tomb. Charlemagne did intervene in church affairs, not always successfully.

The reasons for the coronation, the involvement beforehand of the Frankish court, and the relationship to the Byzantine Empire are all matters of debate among historians. 



Khanda

Khanda is a symbol of Sikhism. It is in the shape of three weapons and a circle.

Judi Dench

Dame Judith Olivia Dench (born 9 December 1934) is an English movie, stage and television actress.

Judi Dench has appeared in James Bond movies since 1995 as the character M. She has also appeared in other large budget movies such as "Mrs. Henderson Presents" and "Ladies in Lavender".

Dench was born in Heworth, York, England. She is the daughter of Eleanora Olave (née Jones), a native of Dublin, and Reginald Arthur Dench, a doctor. Dench attended the Mount School, a Quaker independent secondary school in York. She became a Quaker. 

In 1971, Dench married British actor Michael Williams. Their only child is Tara Cressida Frances Williams. She was born on 24 September 1972. She is known professionally as Finty Williams. Dench and her husband starred together several times. Michael Williams died from lung cancer in 2001, aged 65.

In early 2012, Dench said she had macular degeneration. Because of this, she needed someone to read scripts to her.

Dench's brother, Jeffery Dench, died on 27 March 2014 at the age of 85.








Arendal

Arendal is a city and municipality in the county of Agder, Norway. It is the administrative center of Aust-Agder county, and belongs to the geographical region of Sørlandet. The municipality is bordered in the southwest by Grimstad, in the northwest by Froland, and in the northeast by Tvedestrand municipalities.

The Norse form of the name was probably ""Arnardalr"". The first element is then the genitive case of "orn" m 'eagle', the last element is "dalr" m 'valley, dale'.



S.S. Lazio

S.S. Lazio is an Italian football club based in Formello (Via di Santa Cornelia 1000, Rome). 

They play in light blue shirts, white shorts and socks. The name Lazio was chosen as the original founders wanted to name the club after something which was greater and encompassed more than just the city that they were from - Lazio is the name of the region where Rome is. The sky blue and white team colors were inspired by the Greek flag and more specifically the country which gave birth to Olympic tradition; the eagle as an acknowledgement by its founders.



Satire

Satire is a form in art or writing which ridicules either a person, government, or an institution, often through the use of humour. Satire can either be in paintings, plays, books, songs, TV or movies. It also is used to stereotype people.

Satire was used long ago. It is a Latin word, though the plays of Aristophanes are often called satirical. Satire was widely known in Elizabethan times. Swift used it in his book "Gulliver's Travels" to make fun of people’s stupidity. Works like "The Beggar’s Opera" (1728) used satire to show how silly the politicians of the time were. The German playwright Bertolt Brecht used a lot of satire, as did Peter Cook. Jon Stewart and other comedians use it frequently. A modern example of satire is the American cartoon "South Park".

Satire often points out ironic or bad things that powerful people are doing. Its adjective is satirical.



Iron Cross

The Iron Cross was a medal given to German soldiers for bravery during wartime. The award was created by King Frederick William III of Prussia. It was first given out on 10 March 1813. The Iron Cross was awarded during the Napoleonic Wars, the Franco-Prussian War, the First World War, and the Second World War. This medal was received by Adolf Hitler after World War I.

The medal is only given in wartime, so no Iron Crosses have been given out since the end of the Second World War in 1945.

During the Second World War an extra type of Iron Cross medal was given. It was the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and was given for acts of extreme battlefield bravery or successful leadership. The Knight's Cross was divided into five grades:


Manowar

Manowar is an American heavy metal band from Auburn, New York, which formed in 1980.



Power series

In mathematics, a power series (in one variable) is an infinite series of the form

where "a" represents the coefficient of the nth term, "c" is a constant, and "x" varies around "c" (for this reason one sometimes speaks of the series as being "centered" at "c"). This series usually appears as the Taylor series of some known function; the Taylor series article contains many examples.

In many situations "c" is equal to zero, for example when considering a Maclaurin series. 
In those cases, the power series takes the simpler form
These power series appear primarily in analysis, but also appear in combinatorics (under the name of generating functions) and in electrical engineering (under the name of the Z-transform). The familiar decimal notation for integers can also be viewed as an example of a power series, but with the argument "x" fixed at 10. In number theory, the concept of p-adic numbers is also closely related to that of a power series.

Classical guitar

A classical guitar, also called a Spanish guitar, is a musical instrument from the family of musical instruments called chordophones. This instrument is most commonly used by classical guitarists playing classical music, but it is also used in other music genres. It was first recognized 4 - 5 thousand years ago. 

Vålerenga Fotball

Vålerenga Fotball is a Norwegian football club from Oslo. It was founded in 1913. They are named after the neighbourhood of Vålerenga. They finished as runners-up in the 2010 Norwegian Premier League, the last time they won was in 2005. Vålerenga's home ground is Ullevaal Stadion, the national stadium for Norway. Their current coach is Martin Andresen.

"As of January 15th 2010"


Volga

The Volga is the longest river in Europe. In Russian it is called Волга, in the Tatar language its name is İdel. 

Many people see it as the national river of Russia. It flows through the western part of the country. It is Europe's longest river, with a length of 3,530 kilometres, and forms the core of the largest river system in Europe. 

It rises in the Valdai Hills of Russia, 225m above sea level north-west of Moscow. The Kama, Oka, Vetluga and the Sura are its main tributaries. The Volga and its tributaries form the Volga river system, which drains an area of about 1.35 million square kilometres in Russia. The Volga Delta has a length of about 160 kilometres. It includes 
555 channels and small streams. It is the largest estuary in Europe. It is the only place in Russia where pelicans, flamingoes, and lotuses may be found. The Volga freezes for most of its length for three months each year. Some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the river. The Volga is in the Volga region.

Oi!

Oi! is a type of punk rock that was started in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s. The people that started it wanted to connect punk with a working class street-level following. Oi! is a mixing of the styles of early punk bands, such as The Clash, Sex Pistols and the Ramones. It is also influenced by early British rock bands (such as The Rolling Stones and The Who), football chants, pub rock and glam rock bands. The music is often very simple, and the lyrics are blunt (brutally honest, without tact).

Punk rock began to become popular in the 1970s. Some perceived that it was becoming more and more commercialised. This was the kind of thing that punks were against. Oi! began partly as a response to this perception. It was also partly a response to stereotyping that others made about punks. One stereotype was that many people in the early punk rock scene were young people using big words and trying to be artistic, but failing.

Early Oi! bands such as Sham 69 were around for years before the word "Oi!" was used to describe their style of music. The word was first used as a name for the new genre in 1980, by journalist Garry Bushell. He took the name from the way the Cockney Rejects used "Oi!" during live shows to introduce their songs. "Oi! Oi! Oi!" was the title of the third track on their second album. The word is an old Cockney expression, meaning "hey" or "hello". Other bands that were labelled as Oi! bands in the early days of the genre included Angelic Upstarts, The 4-Skins, The Business, Blitz, The Blood, and Combat 84. More recent punk bands such as Rancid and Dropkick Murphys have credited Oi! as a source of inspiration.


Brothers Grimm

The Brothers Grimm (German: "Die Brüder Grimm", also "Gebrüder Grimm") were the brothers Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm. They were German academics and most famous for their collections of folktales and fairy tales, and for their work in linguistics.

The Grimm brothers both became linguists. They are the inventors of German philology. They also did other language-related work, like publishing one of the first grammar books for the German language.

They also wrote fairy tales, and collected the tales which people told them. They published a collection of fairy tales known as "Grimms' Fairy Tales" ("Grimms Märchen").



Heavy metal

Heavy metal may mean:

Bryozoa

Bryozoans, also known as the Polyzoa, Ectoprocta or moss animals, are a phylum of small aquatic animals living in colonies. The colonies usually have a skeleton of calcium carbonate. Bryozoans have a long fossil history, starting in the Ordovician. In their life-style they resemble the polyps which form coral. They generally like warm, tropical waters but live all over the world. There are about 5,000 living species, and 15,000 fossil species are known. 

The colonies are formed by tiny (~0.2mm) members called zooids. They secrete tubes, usually of lime (CaCO), sometimes of chitin, an organic compound. The zooids in a colony are all clones, produced by asexual reproduction. Despite this, most species produce different morphs: zooids with different functions. 

All bryozoa have a lophophore. This is a ring of ten tentacles surrounding the mouth, each tentacle covered with cilia. When feeding, the zooid extends the lophophore outwards; when resting it is withdrawn into the mouth to protect it from predators.

Bryozoan skeletons grow in a variety of shapes and patterns: mound-shaped, lacy fans, branching twigs, and even corkscrew-shaped. Their skeletons have many tiny openings. Each opening is the home of "zooid". They have a body with a U-shaped gut, opening at the mouth and at the anus. They feed with their lophophore. The tentacles of the bryozoans are ciliated. The beating of the cilia creates a current of water which drives food (mainly phytoplankton) towards the mouth. In some groups, notably some ctenostomes, a gizzard may be formed. 

Bryozoans do not have a respiratory, or a blood system, because their small size allows diffusion of gases and nutrients. However, they do have a simple nervous system, and muscles, which together can quickly take the zooid down into its shelter.

One species of bryozoan, "Bugula neritina", is of interest as a source of chemicals, bryostatins, which are under investigation as anti-cancer agents.

Bryozoans can reproduce both sexually and asexually. All Bryozoans, as far as is known, are hermaphrodite (meaning they are both male and female).

All members of a colony are clones: they are genetically identical, produced by asexual reproduction. This occurs by budding off new zooids from the first zooid. So the colony grows; this is the way a colony expands in size. If a piece of a bryozoan colony breaks off, the piece can continue to grow and will form a new colony.

All zooids in a colony are linked by strands of epithelial cells. The individual members of a colony, the zooids, are in some species generalised: they feed, and they can reproduce on occasion. But in most species the zooids are specialised to diffent functions. In this case the feeding zooids are called "autozooids", and the non-feeding members are called "heterozooids". Functions done by heterozooids include sexual reproduction, protection, locomotion, plumbing, structural support. The functions of some heterozooids is still unknown. The commonest function is that eggs are developed in brooding chambers ("ovicells") on female or hermaphrodite heterozooids. There are variations in the details: sometimes a little complex of heterozooids produce larvae in a cooperative effort.

Another way to describe the bryozoa which develop heterozooids is to say they are polymorphic. This term is used in biology to describe the way a genetically unified population develops into clearly distinct forms. The polymorphism is usually controlled by genetic switching mechanisms, but in bryozoa there is little knowledge of their genetics.

Most species of Bryozoan live in marine environments. There are about 50 species which inhabit freshwater. In their aquatic habitats, bryozoans live on all types of hard substrates: sand grains, rocks, shells, wood, blades of kelp, pipes and ships may be heavily encrusted with bryozoans. Some bryozoan colonies, however, do not grow on solid substrates, but form colonies on sediment. While some species live at depths of 8,200 m, most bryozoans live in much shallower water. Most bryozoans are sessile and immobile, but a few colonies are able to creep about, and a few species of non-colonial bryozoans live and move about in the spaces between sand grains. One remarkable species makes its living while floating in the Southern Ocean. Several bryozoan species live in the Midwestern United States, especially in Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky which was once a part of a large ocean, the Western Interior Seaway.

Their diet consists of small microorganisms, including diatoms and other unicellular algae. In turn, bryozoans are preyed on by grazing organisms such as sea urchins and fish. 

Bryozoans are almost entirely colony-forming animals. Many millions of individuals can form one colony. The colonies range from millimeters to meters in size, but the individuals that make up the colonies are tiny, usually less than a millimeter long. In each colony, different individuals have different functions. Some individuals gather up the food for the colony (autozooids), others depend on them (heterozooids). Some individuals are devoted to strengthening the colony (kenozooids), and still others to cleaning the colony (vibracula). There is only a single known solitary species, "Monobryozoon ambulans", which does not form colonies.

Fossil bryozoans first appear in the early Ordovician and had a huge adaptive radiation. They were abundant throughout the Palaeozoic era: they were one of the most dominant groups of Palaeozoic fossils. They were major components of seabed communities and, like modern-day bryozoans, played an important role in sediment stabilization and binding. They were food sources for many other benthic organisms. During the Lower Carboniferous (Mississippian) 354 to 323 million years ago, bryozoans were so common that their broken skeletons form entire limestone beds. 

After a crash at the Permian/Triassic boundary, when almost all species went extinct, bryozoans recovered in the later Mesozoic to become as successful as before. The bryozoan fossil record has more than 15,000 species. 

Most fossil bryozoans have mineralized skeletons. The skeletons of individual zooids vary from tubular to box-shaped and contain a terminal aperture from which the lophophore is protruded to feed. No pores are present in the great majority of Ordovician bryozoans, but skeletal evidence shows that epithelia were continuous from one zooid to the next.

One of the most important events during bryozoan evolution was the acquisition of a calcareous skeleton and the mechanism of tentacle protrusion. The rigidity of the outer body walls gave protection against predators, a greater degree of zooid connection, and the evolution of massive colony forms.


Placebo

A placebo is a treatment for a disease or condition which is deliberately ineffective. The motive usually is that if a person "believes" that a medicine, diet, or other treatment is good for them, then it "is" good for them.

Sometimes sick people who receive a placebo feel like they are getting better, and sometimes their bodies actually do get better. When patients have that response, it is called the "placebo effect". The term "placebo effect" (or "placebo response") was introduced in 1920. It is the response of the subject which causes the observed effect, not the substance.

John Haygarth tested a placebo effect in the 18th century. It showed ""to a degree which has never been suspected, what powerful influence upon diseases is produced by mere imagination"".

Émile Coué, a French apothecary, working between 1882 and 1910, discovered what later came to be known as the "Placebo effect". He reassured his clients by praising each remedy's efficiency and leaving a small positive notice with each medication. In 1901 Coué began to study under hypnosis. In 1913, Coué and his wife founded "La Société Lorraine de Psychologie appliquée". His book "Self-mastery through conscious autosuggestion" was published in England (1920) and in the United States (1922).

Placebos are used as part of blind trials. Blind trials work like this: Some people are given the medicine or treatment being tested, and others are given the placebo. No one knows who gets the real treatment and who gets the placebo. They are "blind" to their treatment.

If researchers notice that the "treatment group" is different from the "placebo group" they will know that the difference is because of the treatment. Without a "placebo group" then researchers cannot know if those changes would have happened anyway, no matter which medicine people had taken.

Placebos can have real effects on patients: that is what "placebo effect" means. Since a landmark paper in 1955 the placebo effect has been recognised and accepted by some, and denied by others. However, there is no doubt that for certain conditions, the placebo effect does exist. Examples are:






Identity (mathematics)

In mathematics, the term identity has several important uses:


An equality in mathematical sense is only true under more particular conditions. For this, the symbol ≡ is sometimes used (note, however, that the same symbol can also be used for a congruence relation as well.)

A common example of the first meaning is the trigonometric identity
which is true for all real values of formula_7 (since the real numbers formula_8 are the domain of both sine and cosine), as opposed to
which is only true for certain values of formula_7 in a subset of the domain.

The concepts of "additive identity" and "multiplicative identity" are central to the Peano axioms.
The number 0 is the "additive identity" for integers, real numbers, and complex numbers. For the real numbers, for all formula_11

Similarly, The number 1 is the "multiplicative identity" for integers, real numbers, and complex numbers. For the real numbers, for all formula_11

A common example of an identity function is the identity permutation, which sends each element of the set formula_19 to itself.

These meanings are not mutually exclusive; for instance, the identity permutation is the identity element in the set of permutations of formula_19 under composition.



Equality

Equality can mean several things:

In sciences:

In humanities:

People and places:


Identity

Identity could mean:









Equality (mathematics)

In mathematics, two things are equal if and only if they are exactly the same in every way. That is, they have the same (mathematical) value and the same mathematical properties. Mathematicians use the equals sign (=) to say this. This defines a binary relation, equality. The statement ""x" = "y"" means that "x" and "y" are equal.

Equivalence in a more general sense is provided by the construction of an equivalence relation between two mathematical objects, that is, two mathematical objects are equivalent if they are related by this relation. In which case, the equivalence is often represented using the symbols formula_1 or formula_2.

A statement that two expressions denote equal quantities is an equation (or an equality). Equations are equal. Inequalities are unequal.

An equality is also a transitive relation. This means that if one object is equal to a second object, and the second object is equal to a third object, then the first object is equal to the third object as well.

Since a predicate is a way of describing something that is true, another way to say this is that if one thing that is true about a variable is not true about the other variable, then they are not "equal" as far as mathematical logic is concerned: two things are only equal if anything that is true about one has to be true about the other.

In geometry, the word congruence is often preferred. Numbers are equal, geometrical objects are congruent. Two shapes are congruent if one can be moved or rotated so that it fits exactly where the other one is. If shrinking or enlarging one of the two objects is needed, then they are not congruent. They are called "similar" instead. The congruence relation is often represented by the symbol formula_3, while the similarity relation is represented by the symbol formula_1.

In computer science, usually, the mathematical definition is used. Very often, the comparison is written "==" (and the assignment, the act of giving a value, is written as "=", or ":="). In object-oriented languages, or languages which have pointers, there is an additional problem. Those languages contain references (which are in fact pointers). If two such references do not reference exactly the same object, then they are different and "a == b" will be false in this case.

For this reason, many such languages have introduced another operator (in Java, this method is called "equals"). This operator compares the actual values of the objects—not where the variables that reference them point to.

In social sciences, two people are equal if many of the same things are true about them. For example. two people who have the same amount of education and money, and who are of the same age usually think of each other as equals. Another name for a person who is equal to another person is a peer.


Ministry

The term ministry could mean:



Religious ministry

Ministry, in Christianity, is the activity that is done by members of the church to serve the purposes of the church. 

It can mean this activity as a whole, or specific activities, or organizations in a church that perform specific activities. 

As churches attempt to meet the needs of their congregations, they often separate their members into groups according to age categories. Age-specific groups meet for religious study including Sunday school programs, fellowship, and other activities. These age divisions may include:

Nearly all churches have some form of worship music, whether from a choir, orchestra, or worship band. 

Many churches sponsor ministries designed to reach out others on a local and global scale, usually grouped under the heading of missions. There are many organizations which perform missions on a fully-funded and organized level, such as North American Mission Board, operated by the Southern Baptist Convention.


Ministry (government department)

A ministry is a department of a government, led by a political minister. 
Ministries are usually subordinate to the cabinet, and prime minister, president or chancellor. A government will usually have several ministries, each with a specialised field of service. National ministries vary greatly between countries, but some common ones include Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of Health.

Some countries such as Switzerland, the Philippines and the United States do not use the term "ministry" for their government departments, and instead simply call them departments. In Hong Kong the term "bureau" is used.

In Canada, some provincial-level government departments are called "ministries" (such as in Ontario and British Columbia) but most are called "departments." Their heads are referred to as "ministers" in both levels of government, however.


Galerius

Galerius (Gaius Galerius Valerius Maximianus, ~250 – 5 May 311), was Roman Emperor from 305 to 311.

Galerius served as a soldier with distinction. When the Tetrarchy was introduced by Diocletian in 293 Galerius and Constantius Chlorus were given the rank of "Caesar". Galerius married Diocletian's daughter Valeria, and took over the Illyrian provinces.

In 296, at the beginning of the Persian War, Galerius moved from the Danube to the Euphrates. There his first campaign ended in a defeat by the Sassanid prince Narses, near Callinicum. This disaster caused the loss of Mesopotamia.

Diocletian came to Antioch, where the official version of events was made clear: Galerius was to take the blame. In Antioch, Diocletian forced Galerius to walk a mile in advance of his imperial cart while still clad in the purple robes of an emperor. The message was clear: the loss at Carrhae was not due to the failings of the empire's soldiers, but due to the failings of their commander, and Galerius' failures would not be accepted.

In 298 Galerius got reinforcements from the Danube in the Spring. He led the army to attack Narseh in northern Mesopotamia, and Narseh retreated to Armenia.

The rugged Armenian terrain was favorable to Roman infantry, but unfavorable to Sassanid cavalry. Local aid gave Galerius the advantage of surprise over the Persian forces. In two battles, Galerius got victories over Narseh.

During the second encounter, Roman forces seized Narseh's camp, his treasury, his harem, and his wife. Narseh's wife would live out the remainder of the war in Daphne, a suburb of Antioch. This was, to the Persians, a constant reminder of Roman victory. Galerius advanced into Media and Adiabene, winning victories. He took Nisibis (Nusaybin, Turkey) before 1 October 298. He moved down the Tigris, taking Ctesiphon, and looking at the ruins of Babylon. Then he returned to Roman territory by the Euphrates.

Narses asked for peace. Mesopotamia was returned to Roman rule and even some territory east of the Tigris. This was the greatest extension of the Roman Empire in the east.

In 305, on the abdication of Diocletian and Maximian, Galerius got the title of Augustus, together with Constantius, his former colleague. Two younger men were appointed as Caesars: Maximus Daia and Severus II.

Galerius' hopes were dashed when his colleague Constantius died at York in 306. The legions raised his son Constantine to the position of Augustus. Galerius only discovered this when he got a letter from Constantine, who told him of his father's death, modestly asserted his natural claim to the succession, and respectfully lamented that the enthusiasm of his troops had not allowed him to get the Imperial purple in a regular manner.

The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise, disappointment, and rage. As he could not restrain his passions, he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger.

When he had time to reconsider his position, he realised his chances of winning a war against Constantine was doubtful. Therefore, without commenting on the choice of the British army, Galerius accepted the son of his deceased colleague as the ruler of the provinces beyond the Alps; but he gave him only the title of Caesar, and the fourth rank among the Roman princes, whilst he conferred the vacant place of Augustus on his favourite, Severus II.

Suddenly Galerius had the unexpected loss of Italy to Maxentius, his son-in-law. Galerius’ need for revenue led him to make a strict examination of the property of his subjects for the purpose of taxation. A survey was taken of their estates. Where there was the slightest suspicion of concealment, torture was used to get a sincere declaration of their personal wealth.

Italy had traditionally been exempt from any form of taxation, but Galerius ignored this. Italy began to murmur against this indignity and Maxentius used this sentiment to declare himself emperor in Italy, to the fury of Galerius. Therefore, Galerius ordered his colleague Severus to immediately march to Rome, so that, by his unexpected arrival, he would easily suppress the rebellion. Severus was quickly captured and executed by Maximian, who had once again been elevated to the rank of co-emperor, this time by his son Maxentius.

The importance of the occasion needed the presence and abilities of Galerius. At the head of a powerful army collected from Illyricum and the East, he entered Italy. He was determined to revenge the death of Severus and to punish the rebellious Romans However, due to the skill of Maximian, Galerius found every place hostile, fortified, and inaccessible. Though he forced his way as far as Narni, sixty miles from Rome, he controlled only his camp.

As he was facing difficulties, Galerius made the first steps to reconciliation. He sent two officers to tempt the Romans by the offer of a conference. These offers were rejected with firmness, his friendship refused. Unless he retreated, he might meet the fate of Severus. It was not a moment too soon; money from Maxentius to his soldiers had corrupted their loyalty. When Galerius began his withdrawal from Italy, it was only with great difficulty that he managed to stop his veterans deserting him.

In frustration, Galerius allowed his legions to ravage the countryside as they passed northwards. Maxentius declined to make a general engagement.

With so many emperors now in existence, in 308 Galerius, the retired emperor Diocletian and Maximian called an imperial 'conference' at Carnuntum on the River Danube. Its aim was to bring some order back into the imperial government. Here it was agreed that Galerius’ long-time friend and military companion Licinius, who had been entrusted by Galerius with the defense of the Danube while Galerius was in Italy, would become Augustus in the West, with Constantine as his Caesar. In the East, Galerius remained Augustus and Maximinus remained his Caesar. Maximian was to retire, and Maxentius was declared a usurper.

Galerius’ plan soon failed. The news of Licinius’ promotion was carried into the East, and Maximinus, who governed the provinces of Egypt and Syria, rejected his position as Caesar. Maximus claimed (and got) the equal title of Augustus. For the first, and indeed for the last time, six emperors administered the Roman world. Although the memory of a recent war divided the empire into two great hostile powers, their fears and the fading authority of Galerius produced an apparent tranquility in the imperial government.

The last years of Galerius saw him keep the position of first among equals. He spent the rest of his time enjoying himself, and ordering some important public works, such as discharging into the Danube the superfluous waters of Lake Pelso, and cutting down the immense forests around it.

Christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of Diocletian. The persecutions that began with an edict of 24 February 303, were credited by Christians to the influence of Galerius. Christian houses of assembly were destroyed, for fear of secret gatherings.

But in April 311 Galerius issued the general edict of toleration, from Nicomedia in his own name and in those of Licinius and Constantine. Lactantius gives the text of the edict in "De Mortibus Persecutorum" ('On the Deaths of the Persecutors', chapters 34, 35). This marked the end of official persecution of Christians. Galerius died on 5 May, 311.


Placebo (disambiguation)

Placebo may mean:

Placebo effect (disambiguation)

Placebo effect may refer to:

Square foot gardening

Square foot gardening is a method of gardening made popular by Mel Bartholemew in 1981. It is based on the idea that wide rows, used in traditional gardening, waste time, work, water, seeds and soil. It shows that quality vegetables can be grown in less space with less work. In this method, the garden space is divided into "beds", separated by paths. Each bed measures 4' × 4' ( × ), therefore covering an area of (). These beds are further divided into sixteen squares of about one square foot ( per side, ). A different type of plant is grown in each of those squares. A single large plant, like broccoli, will use one of the squares. Smaller plants can be spaced more tightly; for example, four heads of lettuce together in one square, or sixteen carrots. All work (planting, removing weeds, watering and harvesting) is done from the pathways. This stops the soil from being compacted.



Blender

A blender is an electric kitchen appliance used for making drinks, mixing liquids, and puréeing (chopping up into small bits) fruits and vegetables for sauces and soups. 

A blender consists of a glass or plastic container with a mounted blade in the bottom, and a base that has an electric motor and switches to turn on the motor or change its speed.
Blenders are used to make milk shakes (a blend of ice cream and milk) and fruit smoothies (a mix of fruit and ice). 

Blenders are also used to make cold alcoholic drinks that include crushed ice or ice cream, such as margaritas and Mississippi Mudslide drinks.

Drinking straw

A drinking straw (or "straw") is a utensil used to consume cold drinks such as milk shakes, smoothies, cola, and fruit juice. Drinking straws are usually made from plastic that is formed into a tube. To use a drinking straw, a person places the straw in a glass that contains a liquid and then sucks the straw with their mouth. Straws are mainly plastic, but some straws are paper or cardboard to protect the environment.

The oldest straw found is over 5000 years old. Straws have been found in Sumerian temples made of gold and lapis lazuli. The straws popularity came in the 1800s during the industrial revolution. Those straws were made of paper and turned to mush quickly. An inventor named Joseph Friedman invented a straw made of paper coated in glue so that it did not dissolve.

Whole-tone scale

In music, a whole tone scale is a scale in which each note is separated from the next one by an interval of a whole tone. There is always one note (a semitone) in between each neighbouring pair of notes of the whole-tone scale. Whatever note is started on, the whole tone scale will contain one of the following sets of notes: 


When a whole-tone scale is played on a piano, starting from a low note and moving up to high notes, while at the same time pressing the sustaining pedal (the right pedal), it makes a "dreamy" sound. It does not sound in any particular key, but floats along. It also sounds very good on a harp.

Debussy uses the whole-tone scale a lot in his music, but he was not the first to do so. Russian composers such as Glinka in his opera "Ruslan and Ludmila" and Borodin in "Prince Igor" used the whole-tone scale.

Later composers to use it include Alban Berg in his "Violin Concerto", and Béla Bartók in 
his "String Quartet No. 5". It has also been used in jazz.

Pentatonic scale

In music, a pentatonic scale is a scale with five notes in each octave. Pentatonic scales are very common and are found in folk music from all over the world.

Any scale using five notes is "pentatonic" ("penta" is Greek for "five"). However, the pentatonic scale which is used in most Western music uses notes which do not have any semitones. A pentatonic scale starting on C will use the notes C,D,E,G,A (the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th and 6th notes of a major scale).. An easy way to find such a pentatonic scale is by using all the black notes of a keyboard.

Using the pentatonic scale is a good way for children to make up their own tunes. It does not matter too much which note is used for the start and the finish, because there is no feeling of a clear key. The notes always sound good when played together.

Many folk songs are pentatonic, or nearly pentatonic. Well-known songs such as "Land of the Silver Birch" or "Auld Lang Syne" are pentatonic tunes.

Classical composers have sometimes used pentatonic scales, especially Claude Debussy. His piano piece "La fille aux cheveux de lin" has a tune which is pentatonic except for one note. Maurice Ravel used it to write music which sounded Chinese, and in his "Mother Goose" suite ("Ma Mère l'Oye") which sounds like a fairy tale.

The pentatonic scales used in Indonesian gamelan music are called "slendro" and "pelog".
pentatonic song:
sing out your melody
sing out your song
sing a pentatonic scale
starting on lah
lah
doh
ray
meh
soh
lah!

Difficult words: Octave - An octave is the distance between two musical notes that have the same letter name.

Folk music - Folk music includes both traditional music and the genre that evolved from it during the 20th century folk revival. The term originated in the 19th century but is often applied to music that is older than that. Some types of folk music are also called world music.

Semitones - A semitone, also called a half step or a half tone, is the smallest musical interval commonly used in Western tonal music, and it is considered the most dissonant when sounded harmonically. It is defined as the interval between two adjacent notes in a 12-tone scale (e.g. from C to C♯). This implies that its size is exactly or approximately equal to 100 cents, a twelfth of an octave.

Major scale - The major scale or Ionian scale is one of the most commonly used musical scales, especially in Western music. It is one of the diatonic scales. Like many musical scales it is made up of seven notes: the eighth duplicates the first at double its frequency so that it is called a higher octave of the same note (from Latin "octavus", the eighth). 

Major scale

In music theory, the major scale or Ionian scale is one of the diatonic scales. It is made up of seven separate notes, plus an eighth which is the same as the first an octave higher. In solfege these notes correspond to the syllables "Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Ti/Si, Do". The simplest major scale to write or play on the piano is C major, the only major scale not to require sharps or flats, using only the white keys on the piano keyboard:

A major scale is a set of steps in the order "Whole:Whole:Half:Whole:Whole:Whole:Half" (tone, tone, semitone, tone, tone, tone, semitone). Western scales do not skip any line or space on the staff, and they do not repeat any note with a different accidental. This means that the key signature of the scale will feature just sharps "or" just flats.


The Circle of Fifths was first described in 1728 by Johann David Heinichen in his book "Der General-bass". It has been used ever since as a way to show the relations between scales.

The numbers inside the circle show the number of sharps or flats in the key signature, with the sharp keys going clockwise, and the flat keys counterclockwise from C major (which has no sharps or flats.) The circle depends on enharmonic relationships in the circle, which is six sharps or flats for the major keys of F = G and D = E for minor keys (Drabkin 2001). Seven sharps or flats make major keys (C major and C major) that are more easy to spell with five flats or sharps (as D major or B major).

The major scale is used more often than the minor scale in Western music because of its unique harmonic properties. For example, the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series (it is the 5th, 10th and 20th harmonic – see below) than the minor third (the 19th harmonic).




Minor scale

A minor scale in music theory is any scale that has at least three scale degrees: the tonic, the minor third above the tonic, and the perfect fifth above the tonic. Together they make the minor triad. This includes many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode.

In simple terms, a minor scale is a series of notes with a sad, somber character (exaggerated when heard back-to-back with a major scale). A minor scale begins on the sixth note of its relative major scale, and is built with the following pattern of half steps and whole steps: 

 i_whole_ii°_half_III_whole_iv_whole_v_half_VI_whole_VII_whole _i (next octave)

Usually, when people talk about minor scales, they mean natural minor, harmonic minor, or melodic minor scales, which are the most common in Western music. 

The natural minor scale is the same as the 6th mode (or Aeolian mode) of the major scale. For example, the white notes of a keyboard from one C to the next C up makes a C major scale. If the white notes are played starting from the sixth step of that C scale, (from any A to the next A), then an A natural minor scale (the "relative minor" of C) is produced.

The harmonic minor scale is the same as the natural minor but with the seventh note raised by a semitone. 

Harmonic Minor Scale: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

For example, in the key of A minor, the harmonic minor scale is:

A B C D E F G A

One way the harmonic minor is different to the natural minor is that it has two chords which have the same structure when inverted, so they do not belong to any key. These are the diminished seventh chord (2nd, 4th, 6th and 7th degrees) and the augmented chord (the 3rd, 5th and 7th degrees).

The harmonic minor is also sometimes called the Mohammedan scale because its upper tetrachord is the same as the Hijaz jins, often found in Middle Eastern music. The harmonic minor scale as a whole is sometimes called "Nahawand-Hijaz" in Arabic, or as "Bûselik Hicaz" in Turkish.

The interval between the sixth and seventh degrees of this scale (in this case F and G) is an augmented second. While some composers, like Mozart, have used this interval in melodic composition, other composers found it awkward. They thought that a whole step between these two scale degrees was better for smooth melody writing, so they used the subtonic seventh, or raised the sixth scale degree. These two options are called the ascending melodic minor scale and descending melodic minor scale. The ascending has the same upper tetrachord to the major scale, and the descending is the same as the natural minor:

A B C D E F G A' and then 

A' G F E D C B A respectively.

Many composers do not stick to the notes of only one of these scales when writing music. Using the triad of the relative major is very common, but because this is based on the third degree of the minor scale, the raised seventh degree of the harmonic scale would cause an augmented triad. In this case, composers usually use the natural minor. In jazz, usually only the ascending minor is used.

Major and minor keys that share the same key signature are called "relative"; so C major is the relative major of A minor, and C minor is the relative minor of E major. The relative major is a minor third above the tonic of the minor. For example, since the key signature of G major has one sharp (see major scales for how to find this), its relative minor, E minor, also has one sharp in its key signature.

Music may be written in an enharmonic scale (e.g. A major, which only has four flats in its key signature, compared to the eight sharps required for G major). The following are enharmonic equivalents:




Yeast

Yeast are microorganisms. They are single-celled fungi. There are about 1,500 different species of yeast. Most reproduce asexually, by budding. Some use binary fission to reproduce asexually.

A particular species of yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, has been used for thousands of years. It is used for baking bread because the yeast makes carbon dioxide as a by-product of it eating sugar, which helps the bread rise (leaven). Yeast is also used for making beer and other alcoholic drinks by a process known as fermentation. This process produces both ethyl alcohol and carbon dioxide. Ethanol is also used as fuel, and to make other organic chemicals. 

Yeast can be used to make electricity. Yeast is also a model organism for studying cell biology. Some yeasts can cause infections in humans (they are pathogens).


Budding

Budding is a method of asexual reproduction. With budding, a new organism grows on another one. It stays attached, while it grows. Only when it is fully grown does it detach from the parent organism. Since the reproduction is asexual, the newly created organism is a clone and is genetically identical to the parent organism. This method (asexual reproduction) is done in favourable conditions

Budding is very common in plants and fungi. Sometimes it can also be found with animals, for example with hydras or sponges.

Binary fission

Binary fission ("division in half") is a kind of asexual reproduction. It is the most common form of reproduction in prokaryotes such as bacteria. It occurs in some single-celled Eukaryotes like the "Amoeba" and the "Paramoecium". In binary fission DNA replication and segregation occur simultaneously.

In binary fission, the fully grown parent cell splits into two halves, producing two pools. After replicating its genetic material, the parent cell divides into two equal sized daughter cells. The genetic material is replicated, then equally split. The daughter cells are genetically identical (unless a mutation occurs during replication).

During binary fission, the DNA molecule divides and forms two DNA molecules. The cell then grows to create room for each molecule to move towards the opposite side of the bacterium. At the same time, the cell membrane divides to form 2 daughter cells. After division, the new cells grow and the process repeats itself.

Binary fission occurs in eukaryotic tissue cells, but the process is more complicated: see mitosis. 

Basically, a cell copies its DNA, and then splits down the middle, creating two daughter cells.

Charisma Carpenter

Charisma Lee Carpenter (born July 23, 1970) is an American actress. She is best known for playing the character Cordelia Chase in the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its spin-off "Angel".

Carpenter was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. At 15, her family moved to Rosarito B.C., Mexico. Later, they moved to Chula Vista (a suburb of San Diego). After graduating high school, she was a San Diego Chargers cheerleader in 1991 before beginning her Hollywood career. She had also sky-dived. She married Damian Hardy on October 5, 2002. She gave birth to their son Donavan Charles Hardy on March 24, 2003.



Paul Watzlawick

Paul Watzlawick PhD (July 25, 1921 – March 31, 2007) was a theoretician in communication theory. He also commented in the fields of family therapy and general psychotherapy. He lived and worked in California until his death in 2007 in Palo Alto.

He formulated five axioms. They are:

Watzlawick is author of 18 books (in 85 foreign language editions) and more than 150 book articles and book chapters. Books he has written or on which he has collaborated include:


Neurotransmitter

Neurotransmitters are chemical messengers. They send information between neurons by crossing a synapse. Electrical signals are not able to cross the gap between most neurons. They are changed into chemical signals to cross the gap. Neurotransmitters act mostly on chemical synapses. Once they reach the next neuron they are absorbed. The neuron then changes this chemical signal back into an electrical signal called an action potential. The action potential passes across the next neuron and to the next synapse.

Many neurotransmitters are made from amino acids, which are part of your diet and it takes only a few steps to convert them. Neurotransmitters play a major role in shaping everyday life and functions. Scientists do not yet know exactly how many neurotransmitters exist, but more than 100 chemical messengers have been identified.

Each neurotransmitter has a different function. For example: dopamine is used in reward and pleasure and noradrenaline is used in an animal's "fight or flight" response. Neurotransmitters also regulate the passing of messages. This is because an action potential must be a certain strength before the neurotransmitters are released. The strength required to release the neurotransmitter is called a threshold.

The most common transmitter is glutamate, which is excitatory at well over 90% of the synapses in the human brain. The next most prevalent is called GABA, which inhibits at more than 90% of the synapses that do not use glutamate.

Neurotransmitters are transported within neurons by small "sacks" called vesicles. When these vesciles come into contact with the neuron's cell membrane, it opens. This releases the neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft.

Until the early 20th century, scientists assumed that the majority of synaptic communication in the brain was electrical. However, through the careful histological examinations by Ramón y Cajal (1852–1934), a 20 to 40 nm gap between neurons, known today as the synaptic cleft, was discovered. The presence of the gap suggested chemical messengers moved across the synaptic cleft. In 1921 German pharmacologist Otto Loewi (1873–1961) confirmed that neurons can communicate by releasing chemicals. By experiments involving the vagus nerves of frogs, Loewi was able to slow the heart rate of frogs by controlling the amount of saline solution present around the vagus nerve.

Loewi asserted that sympathetic regulation of cardiac function can be mediated through changes in chemical concentrations. Otto Loewi also discovered acetylcholine (ACh)—the first known neurotransmitter. Some neurons do, however, communicate by electrical synapses through the use of gap junctions, which allow specific ions to pass directly from one cell to another.

Hard rock

Hard rock is a variation of rock music with roots in early 1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock. The term "hard rock" may be used several genres such as punk rock and grunge in order to distinguish them from the more radio-friendly pop rock genre.


Sally Beamish

Sally Beamish (born 26 August 1956 in London) is an English composer. She has written orchestra, chamber music, vocal and choral music.

Sally studied the viola at the Royal Northern College of Music. Later she studied in Germany and Italy.

Sally started her career playing the viola in a chamber group called the Raphael Ensemble. The experience of playing in small groups was important for her development as a composer. Her music often combines and contrasts solo instruments, exploring the sounds they can make.

She has written works for the Swedish and Scottish Chamber Orchestras and has had works performed at the BBC Proms. Her trumpet concerto, written for Håkan Hardenberger and the National Youth Orchestra of Scotland was performed at the Proms in 2003 with Martyn Brabbins conducting. She has also written concertos for the flute, viola, saxophone, percussion and accordion and is planning to write concertos for viola (her third), saxophone quartet and cello.

She has written a stage musical about the Scottish Highlands. She lives in Scotland with her husband and young daughter.


Nakhodka

Nakhodka (Russian "Находка") is a port city in Primorsky Krai, Russia. It is one of the most eastern cities in Russia. Nakhodka is a port on the Japan Sea. It is located around Nakhodka Bay. "Nakhodka" means "Lucky find" in Russian.

The village Amerikanka was the first permanent settlement at the location of the current city. It was founded in 1907. Nakhodka became an urban-type fishing settlement in 1941. It received city status on May 19, 1950. This date is now called "City Day".

The economy of the city is based mainly on the port and port-related businesses. This include processing and canning fish. In Soviet times, Nakhodka was the only Soviet port in the Far East open to foreign vessels. After Vladivostok started being used by foreigners in 1991, the port of Nakhodka is not used as much as before. Economic activity in the city has become much less because of this..

Nakhodka is still an important international port. It is the center of the coastal trade. Exports include timber, coal, fluorspar, honey, fish and seafood.

Sumatra

Sumatra, known also as "Sumatera", is the sixth largest island in the world. It is in western Indonesia. It is to the west of the Sunda Islands, and is bordered by the Indian Ocean. Sumatra contains the provinces of Daerah Istimewa Aceh, Riau, Riau Islands, Bangka Belitung Islands, Jambi, Bengkulu, Lampung, North Sumatra, South Sumatra, and West Sumatra. Sumatra has an area of about 443,066 km². It is about long, and wide, at its widest point. In 2010, about 50 million people lived on Sumatra.


Whigs

The Whigs were a political party in the parliaments of England, Scotland, Great Britain and the United Kingdom. The Whigs' start was in constitutional monarchism and disagreement with absolute monarchy. Between the 1680s and 1850s, they tried to win power over their rivals, the Tories. The British prime minister was usually from one of the two parties.

The Whigs played a central role in the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and were the enemies of the Stuart kings and pretenders, who were Roman Catholic. The Whigs took full control of the government in 1715. They held it until King George III, coming to the throne in 1760, allowed Tories back in. 

When they held power, the Whigs got rid of the Tories from all major jobs in government, the army, the Church of England, the legal jobs and local officials. 

Their most famous leader was Robert Walpole, who kept control of the government from 1721 to 1742.

Later on, many of their ideas were adopted by the Liberal Party in the later 19th century.


Espionage

Espionage or spying is a practice of getting information about an organization, society, or country that is meant to be secret or confidential, without permission. Espionage usually involves having access to where the needed information is stored or to the people that know the information. In wartime, espionage is a war crime. The person who does it is called a "spy" or more vaguely an "agent". A "double agent" is one who trades information to both sides, and is (without their knowledge) being employed by both sides.

Harrison Birtwistle

Sir Harrison Birtwistle CH, (15 July 1934 – 18 April 2022) was one of Britain's most important composers. He was born in Accrington, Lancashire.

In 1952, Birtwistle entered the Royal Manchester College of Music in Manchester on a clarinet scholarship. While there he met other young composers like Peter Maxwell Davies and Alexander Goehr. Together with pianist John Ogdon and conductor Elgar Howarth, he formed the "New Music Manchester" group, which put on performances of modern music, especially music using serialism. 

Birtwistle left the college in 1955, then studied at the Royal Academy of Music and afterward made a living as a schoolteacher. In 1965 he got a Harkness Fellowship which gave him the opportunity to study composition in the United States.

In 1975 Birtwistle became musical director of the new Royal National Theatre in London, a post he held until 1983. He was given a knighthood in 1988 and was made a Companion of Honour in 2000. From 1994 to 2001 he was Henry Purcell Professor of Composition at King's College London.

His music is quite complicated and modern in style. Sometimes it reminds one of Igor Stravinsky and Olivier Messiaen. Sometimes he uses blocks of sound like Edgard Varèse. His first opera "Punch and Judy" is quite different from a traditional Punch and Judy children's entertainment. It is very serious and quite violent. He has written other operas: "The Mask of Orpheus" (1984), "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight" (1990), "The Second Mrs Kong" (1994), and "The Last Supper" (2000), .

When "Gawain" was performed in 1994 at the Royal Opera House a group of hecklers booed and whistled loudly. However, this only made the opera more famous as lots of people read about it and came to hear it. He wrote a piece called "Panic" for alto saxophone, jazz drum kit and orchestra. 

It was a very loud, harsh piece and it was a shock for the audience when it was first performed at the Last Night of the Proms, a concert at which people normally expect to hear music with easy, sing-along tunes.

Birtwistle died, aged 87, on April 18, 2022 at his home in Mere, Wiltshire from problems caused by a stroke he had in 2021.

Punch and Judy (disambiguation)

Punch and Judy could mean:


Lorsch

Lorsch is a small town in southwest Germany ( south of Frankfurt am Main) in the Kreis Bergstraße district of the state of Hessen. More than 12,000 people live in the town.

It is the site of a Benedictine abbey, which used to be one of the greatest centers of Carolingian art. Several Carolingian kings of Germany were buried there. The abbey is also famous for the Lorsch Codex, which was produced there around the end of the 12th century. The abbey has been declared a World Heritage Site. The "Nibelungenlied" identifies Lorsch as the birthplace of Siegfried.

Scottish

Scottish usually refers to something from or related to Scotland, a country in northern Europe.

These may include:




Dominic Monaghan

Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan (born 8 December 1976) is an English actor. He is well known for playing Merry Brandybuck in Peter Jackson's movie trilogy of J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings". He is also well known for playing Charlie Pace on the television series "Lost".

Monaghan was born in Berlin to British parents. He has a tattoo on his right arm of the English word "nine" written with the Tengwar script. It means that his character was one of the nine members of the Fellowship of the Ring in "The Lord of the Rings". Many other cast members also got similar tattoos during the making of the movie. On his left arm is a tattoo that says "Living is easy with eyes closed", a line from The Beatles' song "Strawberry Fields Forever". On "Lost", Charlie's tape/bandage finger-rings with letters spelling out words were Monaghan's idea. He thought that because Charlie is an artist, he would still want to be creative even when trapped on an island. Monaghan also actually plays the guitar on "Lost".

Dominic dated Evangeline Lilly while the two of them were on "Lost". The two broke up in 2007.


Crazy Horse (cabaret)

Le Crazy Horse Saloon or Le Crazy Horse Paris is a nightclub in Paris, founded in 1951. It is famous for its cabaret, which features nude female dancers. It was opened by Alain Bernardin, who also managed it until his suicide in 1994. Today the cabaret is run by Bernardin's children.

The franchise includes "Crazy Horse Paris" for one in Las Vegas (formerly La Femme), at the MGM Grand. 

Other cabarets with similar names are separate enterprises.

Cnidaria

Cnidaria is a phylum with about 11,000 species of animals. All of them are simple and aquatic, and most of them live in the sea. Some are colonial, composed of zooids which may be clones. Cnidarian zooids may take the form of polyps or medusae at different phases of their life.

Cnidaria take their name from special cells which have organelles that sting: the nematocysts. This device is largely responsible for their success: it is their main specialised and distinctive cell type.

The word Cnidaria is spoken without the initial "C", and with a long "i". So it sounds like "Naidaria". In a similar way, the term Ctenophore is pronounced as "Teenophore". Originally, a Greek kappa was in front of the words, and it was pronounced. The name comes from Greek language "knidi", "nettle", thus mening "nettle-like animals" as all cnidarians have stinging cells like nettles.

There are five classes in the group. Jellyfish occur in four of the classes. 

Unranked, but now known to be cnidarians, is the parasitic group Myxozoa.

Adult cnidarians are usually either free-swimming medusae or sessile polyps. Many alternate between the two forms. Both forms are radially symmetrical, like a wheel and a tube respectively.

Most have fringes of tentacles equipped with cnidocytes around their edges. Medusae usually have an inner ring of tentacles around their mouth. Some hydroids may be colonies of zooids which serve different purposes: defence, reproduction and catching prey. The mesoglea of medusae is a thick and springy jelly, so it returns to its original shape after muscles around the edge have contracted. This makes a sort of jet propulsion.

In medusae the only supporting structure is the jelly inside their cell layers. "Hydra" and most sea anemones close their mouths when they are not feeding, and the water in the digestive cavity then acts as a kind of skeleton, rather like a water-filled balloon. Other polyps such as "Tubularia" use columns of water-filled cells for support. Sea pens stiffen the mesogleal jelly with calcium carbonate spicules and tough fibrous proteins, rather like sponges.

In some colonial polyps, a chitinous periderm gives support and some protection to the connecting sections and to the lower parts of individual polyps. Stony corals secrete massive calcium carbonate exoskeletons. A few polyps collect materials such as sand grains and shell fragments, which they attach to their outsides. Some colonial sea anemones stiffen the mesoglea with sediment particles.

There is a long fossil record for the corals, and soft-bodied forms appear in some exceptional strata. Some are believed to be among the Ediacaran biota.

Path

Path may refer to:

Physical paths:

In mathematics and computing:

Calvinism

Calvinism belongs to the Reformed tradition of Protestant Christianity. This tradition goes back to John Calvin and other theologians.

Important Calvinists from Europe include: Martin Bucer, Heinrich Bullinger, Peter Martyr Vermigli, and Huldrych Zwingli, and from England, reformers Thomas Cranmer and John Jewel. Because John Calvin had great influence and played an important role in the confessional and ecclesiastical debates throughout the 17th century, the tradition generally became known as Calvinism.

Today, this term also means the doctrines and practices of the Reformed churches, of which Calvin was an early leader, and the system is perhaps best known for its doctrines of predestination and total depravity.

John Calvin's international influence on the development of the doctrines of the Protestant Reformation began at the age of 25, when he started work on his first edition of the "Institutes of the Christian Religion" in 1534 (published 1536). He also contributed to confessional documents for use in churches, and his beliefs and practices left a direct influence on Protestantism. He was only one of many people to influence the doctrines of the Reformed churches, but he eventually became one of the most prominent theologians.

The rising importance of the Reformed churches and Calvin appened in the second phase of the Protestant Reformation, when evangelical churches began to form, after Martin Luther, another important Reformer, had been excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church. Calvin was a French exile in Geneva City. He had signed the Lutheran Augsburg Confession in 1540, but his importance came from the Swiss Reformation. It was not Lutheran but followed Huldrych Zwingli and then Calvin.

True Calvinism (historical Calvinism) does not teach that God chooses the people who will be saved. Instead, it teaches that for God's own glory recreates men with a new nature, a nature that loves God and hates sin, instead of men keeping their old nature since if they kept their old nature, they would not want to follow God.(Romans 3:10-12). Historical Calvinism also teaches that if God does not choose to save someone, he can do nothing to be saved.

Although much of Calvin's practice was in Geneva, his publications spread his ideas of a reformed church to many parts of Europe. Calvinism became the theology of most Christians in Scotland (see John Knox), the Netherlands, and parts of Germany, and it was influential also in France, Hungary, Transylvania, and Poland. Calvinism was popular as well for some time in Scandinavia, especially Sweden, but it was rejected in favor of Lutheranism after the Synod of Uppsala in 1593.

Most settlers in the Mid-Atlantic and New England, in the United Stages, were Calvinists, including the Puritans and Dutch settlers of New Amsterdam (now New York). Dutch Calvinist settlers also began to be the first successful European colonizers of South Africa in the 17th century and became known as Boers or Afrikaners.

Some of the largest Calvinist communions missionaries were started in the 19th and the 20th century, especially in Korea and in Nigeria.





John Calvin

Jean Cauvin, also Jean Calvin (English: John Calvin, July 10, 1509 – May 27, 1564), was a French Protestant theologian during the Protestant Reformation who was a central developer of the system of Christian theology that is called Calvinism or Reformed theology. In Geneva City, he rejected papal authority and established a new scheme of civic and ecclesiastical governance. He is famous for his teachings and writings and is infamous for his role in the execution of Michael Servetus.

Calvin was born with the name "Jean Chauvin" (or "Cauvin", in Latin "Calvinus") in Noyon, Picardy, France, (now Oise department), to Gérard Cauvin and Jeanne Lefranc. In 1523, Calvin's father, a lawyer, sent his 14-year-old son to the University of Paris to study humanities and law. By 1532, he had attained a Doctor of Law degree at Orléans. 
In 1536, he settled in Geneva City, Switzerland. After being expelled from the city, he served as a pastor in Strasbourg from 1538 to 1541, when he returned to Geneva, where he lived until his death.

Calvin trained to be a lawyer. He studied with some of the best teachers of the Renaissance in France. Some of the training used newer humanistic methods of trying to understand to deal with a text directly. His training was important for Calvin. When he started to believe in Evangelicalism, he used those methods with the Bible, which he used form his thoughts. He taught and preached what he believed that the Bible taught.

Reformers such as Jan Hus and Martin Luther are seen as original thinkers, who started a movement. Calvin was a great logician. He organized a movement but did not start as much doctrine. He knew the writings of the early Church Fathers and the great medieval schoolmen very well. Earlier Reformers also influenced him. Calvin did not disagree with all of the scholastics of the Middle Ages, but he used them and adapted their thoughts according to his understanding of the Bible.

Calvin is often associated with the doctrines of predestination and election. He had similar ideas to those of other magisterial Reformers about them.

Calvin's power was very great in his last years. He was known all around the world as a reformer who was different from Martin Luther. Mainly, Luther and Calvin respected each other. However, Luther and a Zürich reformer, Huldrych Zwingli, thought differently about the eucharist. Calvin's thoughts about it made Luther believe that Calvin agreed with Zwingli. However, Calvin was sad that the reformers were not all together. He tried to join them together by signing the "Consensus Tigurinus", an agreement between the Zürich and the Geneva churches.

Calvin's greatest help to the English-speaking people was by giving Marian exiles in Geneva protection starting in 1555. With the city's protection, they could make their own reformed church under John Knox and William Whittingham. They later carried many of Calvin's ideas back to England and Scotland. However, Calvin was most interested in trying to change his homeland, France. He helped the building of churches by giving out literature and offering ministers. Between 1555 and 1562, over 100 ministers were sent to France.

In Geneva, Calvin mainly wanted to make a "collège", a school for children. A place to build the school was chosen on March 25, 1558. The school was opened on June 5, 1559. It was divided into two parts. One part was a grammar school, which was called the "collège" or "schola privata". The other part was an advanced school, the "académie" or "schola publica". In five years there were 1,200 students in the grammar school and 300 in the advanced school. The "collège" later became the Collège Calvin, one of the college preparatory schools of Geneva. The "académie" became the University of Geneva.
In autumn 1558, Calvin became ill with a fever. He was afraid he might die before finishing his last revision of the "Institutes", which made him force himself to work. The last edition became much longer and so Calvin called it a new work. It was 21 chapters in the second-last edition. However, in the last one, there were 80 since he put more detail in the material that was already there, but he did not really add more subjects. He became better, but he soon strained his voice while he was preaching. That made him cough violently. He had burst a blood vessel in his lungs. His health became much worse after this. He preached his last sermon in St. Pierre on February 6, 1564. On April 25, he made his will in which he left a little money to his family and to the "collège". A few days later, the ministers of the church came to visit him. He died on May 27 of septicaemia. The goodbye is recorded in "Discours d'adieu aux ministres".

The next day, he was buried in an unmarked grave in the Cimetière de Plainpalais. The exact spot of the grave is unknown. However, a stone was added in the 19th century to mark a grave that has traditionally been thought to be Calvin's.






Trebuchet

A Trebuchet was a device used in wars and sieges in the Middle Ages. It could be used to throw stones at ramparts, trying to break them down. It could also be used to throw things over the walls of a city. These could be corpses of animals or people that had died of the plague. Trebuchets were more accurate than other medieval catapults. Trebuchets were first made in China in the 4th century BC.

The trebuchet works in a simple way. The basket of the trebuchet is filled with heavy rocks. This acts as a counterweight for the other end, which is usually filled with one large rock. Several men arm the trebuchet by raising the counterweight up and the firing arm down. At this point the arm is released, the heavy basket swings down and the arm swings up, launching the rock far and fast.
The sling adds an additional 10-15 feet of arm length and gives the projectile a whip like speed then releases. The sling gives the projectile most of its speed. 


Tarascon

Tarascon, sometimes called Tarascon-sur-Rhône, is a city in the south of France. The city is about 20 km from either Arles or Avignon. The city was founded by the Romans in the year 48. Some people know the city from the book Tartarin de Tarascon by Alphonse Daudet. There is also a castle near the city. About 14.000 people lived in Tarascon in 2003. 

Kurdistan

Kurdistan (; ), or Greater Kurdistan, is a roughly defined geo-cultural region in the Middle East wherein the Kurds form a prominent majority population and the Kurdish culture, languages, and national identity have historically been based. Geographically, Kurdistan roughly encompasses the northwestern Zagros and the eastern Taurus mountain ranges.

Kurdistan generally comprises the following four regions: southeastern Turkey (Northern Kurdistan), northern Iraq (Southern Kurdistan), northwestern Iran (Eastern Kurdistan), and northern Syria (Western Kurdistan). Some definitions also include parts of southern Transcaucasia. Certain Kurdish nationalist organizations seek to create an independent nation state consisting of some or all of these areas with a Kurdish majority, while others campaign for greater autonomy within the existing national boundaries.

Historically, the word "Kurdistan" is first attested in 11th century Seljuk chronicles. Many disparate Kurdish dynasties, emirates, principalities, and chiefdoms were established from the 8th to 19th centuries. Administratively, the 20th century saw the establishment of the short-lived areas of the Kurdish state (1918–1919), Kingdom of Kurdistan (1921–1924), Kurdistansky Uyezd i.e. "Red Kurdistan" (1923–1929), Republic of Ararat (1927–1930), and Republic of Mahabad (1946).

Iraqi Kurdistan first gained autonomous status in a 1970 agreement with the Iraqi government, and its status was re-confirmed as the autonomous Kurdistan Region within the federal Iraqi republic in 2005. There is also a Kurdistan Province in Iran, but it is not self-ruled. Kurds fighting in the Syrian Civil War were able to take control of large sections of northern Syria and establish self-governing regions in an Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (commonly called Rojava), where they seek autonomy in a federal Syria after the war.

Aigues-Mortes

Aigues-Mortes (French for "dead waters") is a city in the south of France. It is in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. It was originally founded by the Romans in the year 102 BC. The first records mentioning it under its current name date from the 10th century. Louis IX of France rebuilt the port in the 13th century. It was the only French port of the Mediterranean at that time. The city is laid out as a bastide. It was the starting point for the Seventh Crusade (1248) and Eighth Crusade (1270). Due to changes of the coastline, the city is several miles from the sea. It is linked to the sea through a canal, nowadays. It has well-preserved city walls. In 1999, about 6.000 people lived there. Aigues-Mortes is about 35 km from Nîmes.

3 BC

Year 3 BC was a common year starting on Wednesday or Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Messalla.




6 BC

Year 6 BC was a common year starting on Sunday or Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Balbus and Vetus.



Leopold II of Belgium

Leopold II (Léopold Louis Philippe Marie Victor) (9 April 1835 – 17 December 1909) was King of the Belgians. He was born in Brussels. He was the second (but oldest surviving) son of Leopold I and Louise of Orléans. He succeeded his father to the throne on 17 December 1865. He was king until his death.

Leopold is mainly remembered as the founder and sole owner of the Congo Free State. He lay claim to the Congo, an area now known as the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He treated the people badly in order to make money. His harsh rule was responsible for the deaths of between five and 10 million Congolese people. The Congo became one of the most infamous international scandals of the early 20th century. As a result, Leopold II was forced to give control of it to the government of Belgium. Despite owning and ruling it as a dictator, Leopold II never visited the Congo Free State and Africa.

Leopold II married Archduchess Marie Henriette of Austria, in Brussels on 22 August 1853.

On 15 November 1902, Italian anarchist Gennaro Rubino tried to assassinate Leopold. Rubino fired three shots at the King. The shots missed Leopold and Rubino was immediately arrested. Leopold II had a wedding ceremony with Caroline Lacroix, a prostitute, on 14 December 1909, five days before his death. This was not legal under Belgian law.

He was succeeded as King of the Belgians by his nephew Albert, son of his brother Philippe.


George V

George V (born George Frederick Ernest Albert; 3 June 186520 January 1936) was King of the United Kingdom. He was the first British monarch with the family name Windsor. His father was Edward VII.

George was born in 1865. He was in the Royal Navy when he was twelve; he left the Navy to become king. George was crowned King and Emperor of India in 1911. He was married to Princess Mary of Teck.

As King during World War I, George and his wife visited the Western Front regularly to greet British and Commonwealth troops and also to raise morale amongst the troops. He changed the family name to "Windsor" to remove any association with a German heritage, because Germany was very unpopular at this time. Among other things, he started the "Royal Christmas Broadcast" tradition. He was known for being a stamp collector. His sons Edward and George would later become kings of the United Kingdom and British Empire.

George was a popular monarch. His great-grandson is the current British monarch, King Charles III, who ascended the throne in 2022.

George was born the second son of the Prince and Princess of Wales (later King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra). He married a distant cousin (his double second cousin once removed) Mary of Teck (later Queen Mary), and they stayed married until his death.

George was known as the Duke of York for many years until his grandmother, Queen Victoria, died peacefully at the age of 81. His father, Edward, inherited the throne gaining the nickname "Edward the Peaceful" for his hard work maintaining stability when tensions were increasing. Edward's death was greeted with great sadness across the empire, George describing him as "my best friend". By the time George became king Britain was the richest, most powerful nation in the world and during his reign the Empire expanded to its greatest ever extent.

George was quick to prove himself a decent and popular monarch. He became a symbol of British resistance during the First World War in which he, and his wife, visited the war front regularly. During these visits, he tried to raise the morale of the troops and also awarded medals such as the Victoria Cross to certain troops who had excelled themselves in the battlefield such as Khudadad Khan. However, at home his popularity was waning with even H.G Wells referring to him as "an alien" because of his German background (his grandfather Prince Albert was German). Growing increasingly worried he changed the family name to “Windsor" to remove any association with a German heritage. He was seriously injured when thrown by his horse at a troop review in France.

As the war came to a close many world monarchies were abolished or diminished, yet under the reign of George V the monarchy remained very much firmly established and as popular with the ordinary public as his late father. He worked hard as King, visiting many places and meeting many people, from world leaders to working class miners. The King also made friendly relations with socialist Labour party politicians and trade union members. The King, if anything was ahead of his ministers and understood the Empire better. He advised the government during the General Strike of 1926 not to take a hard line against the protestor stating "Try living on their wages before you judge them." Again, unlike most ministers, George became concerned by the rise of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. He warned that within ten years there would be yet another world war and told many to be suspicious of the Nazis. He was correct with war in fact breaking out just three years after his death.

Among other things, he is also credited for starting the Royal Christmas Broadcast tradition in 1932. His Silver Jubilee in 1935 was greeted with jubilations and was a very well loved king across all classes of society. Afterwards however his health suddenly declined. It was in these later years when George's relationship with his eldest son and heir, Edward, deteriorated. George was cross with Edward's failure to settle down in life and was angered and appalled by his many affairs with married women. Edward did not take royal duties seriously and, although quite popular, preferred partying and luxury, in direct conflict with George's sense of duty and hard work. George said of his son Edward: "After I am dead, the boy will ruin himself within 12 months", indeed he was correct: less than a year after taking the throne, Edward abdicated, causing the family damage to its reputation. George V was regarded as a wise King with good judgement.

Seriously ill, on the evening of 15 January 1936, the King took to his bedroom at Sandringham House feeling unwell; he died on the 20th January. He was 70 years old. He lay in Westminster Hall before his state funeral. A night previous all his surviving sons mounted guard, known as the Vigil of the Princes as a mark of deep respect. Statues of King George V were erected across the world and he has been portrayed numerous times by actors.

It was not known until recently that he had been deliberately euthanized by his chief physician, Lord Dawson of Penn. Dawson issued a bulletin with words that became famous: "The King's life is moving peacefully towards its close". Dawson's private diary, unearthed after his death and made public in 1986, reveals that the King's last words, a mumbled "God damn you!", were addressed to his nurse when she gave him a sedative on the night of 20 January. Dawson wrote that he hastened the King's death by injecting him with a lethal combination of morphine and cocaine. Dawson noted that he acted to preserve the King's dignity, to prevent further strain on the family, and so that the King's death at 11:55 p.m. could be announced in the morning edition of "The Times" newspaper rather than "less appropriate ... evening journals".

This account, revealed in 1986, caused great astonishment. Euthanasia was completely illegal in Britain at the time of Dawson's action.

HM King George V had many titles from his birth to his death. His titles were:

He was also often referred to as His Imperial Majesty The King within the British Empire
or His Most Gracious Majesty The King, although this was not his official title.


Candy

Candy, also called a sweet, is a sweet kind of food that is usually made from sugar and water, with flavors and other ingredients added. 
The word "candy" comes from the Persian word for "cane sugar",(نیشکر), and probably also from Sanskrit khanda, which means "piece (of sugar)".

Candy is found in almost any store because they are made in many companies. Candy can also be made at home. Many people like candy and think it tastes good. Other people do not like it. Candy contains lots of sugar, so it is not very healthy, but can be eaten sometimes. It is the most common snacking food, and there are hundreds of flavors, shapes, and sizes.
Candy is not limited to being sweet. Candy can be spicy in different cultures. To add on, Sugar, mainly sucrose from sugar beets or sugarcane, is the major constituent of most candies. Other sweeteners employed in candy manufacture include corn syrup, corn sugar, honey, molasses, maple sugar, and noncaloric sweeteners.


Loanword

A loanword is a word that is adopted by a language that comes from another language. Since people who speak different languages often need to talk to each other, it is actually very common for languages to "borrow" words from other languages. 

Examples of this can be seen in the English language because it has many loanwords. When the Normans took over England during the Norman Conquest in 1066, they made French the official language of England. Since then, many French words later became English words. For example, the English words beef, pork, poultry, and mutton are loanwords based on the Norman French names of the animals cow, swine, chicken, and sheep in that same order. In English, the loanwords mean the meat of those animals specifically. Since later the British Empire took over many different countries and people, they also borrowed many words from the languages of the people they took over. An example of this is the word "jungle", which is a Hindi word that has been adopted into English. 

Languages often use loanwords because cultures learn about new ideas and inventions from people of the languages they borrow from. For example, in English the names of meats and wines often come from French, musical terms often come from Italian, and philosophical terms often come from German. Although native English speakers are now familiar with Chinese ideas and inventions, they are often called by their Japanese names in English because these were introduced to Americans through Japan. China, on the other hand, was closed off from the world when its ideas and inventions spread throughout the world because its communist government stopped communication with most outside countries, including America. 

The names of food are some of the most common loanwords across languages because people may not have any idea of what the food is like when they are first introduced to a certain culture. For example, Italian food usually has Italian names like "spaghetti" and "pasta", Japanese food has Japanese names like "sushi" and "tempura", and Mexican food has Spanish names like "tacos" and "carnitas".


Moray eel

Moray eels are a family of eels in the family Muraenidae. Moray eels can be found all over the world. There are 200 different species in 15 genera. 

Like all eels, moray eels look like a cross between a fish and a snake.

The body is generally patterned. In some species, the inside of the mouth is also patterned. 

Moray eels normally have wide jaws and large sharp teeth, but some types of Moray eel have blunt teeth which help them to eat animals that live in shells. Morays also have pharyngeal jaws inside the main jaws.

Typically, moray eels grow to a length of about 1.5 metres. The largest known moray eel is the Slender giant moray, which can reach 4 metres in length. Moray eels live in coral reefs and rocky areas, at a depth of about 200m.

The moray eel can be found in both freshwater habitats and saltwater habitats. However most live in the sea in salt water, never entering fresh water.

Moray eels normally live in warmer waters, but it depends on the type of eel.

Morays are opportunistic, carnivorous predators and feed primarily on smaller fish, crabs, and octopuses. 

There are not many animals that eat eels, but groupers, barracudas and sea snakes do eat them. Humans also eat eels.

Humans eat eels, but sometimes moray eels will give people food poisoning. Moray eels are also caught to put in aquariums for people to look at. Some types of Moray eel may be considered beautiful and hard to find, in which case they will be expensive to buy.




Anguilloidei

The Anguilloidei are a suborder of the order Anguilliformes (the eels) containing three families:


This suborder used to have included several other families that have recently been moved to new suborders: 
Chlopsidae (false morays), Heterenchelyidae (mud eels), Moringuidae (worm eels), Muraenidae (moray eels), and Myrocongridae (thin eels).

Carcassonne

Carcassonne () is a fortified French town, in the "Aude département", Occitanie region. It is separated into the fortified "Cité de Carcassonne" and the more expansive lower city, the "ville basse".

This bastide, which was thoroughly restored from 1853 by the theorist and architect Eugène Viollet-le-Duc, was added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1997.

Romans fortified the hilltop of Carcassonne around 100 BC and eventually made it the "colonia" of "Julia Carsaco", later "Carcasum". The main part of the lower courses of the northern ramparts dates from Gallo-Roman times.

In 462 the Romans officially left and the Visigothic king Theodoric II built more fortifications at Carcassonne, some of them still stand. In 760, Pippin was unable to take Carcassonne, although he was able to take most of the south of France.

In 1067 Carcassonne became the property of Raimond Bernard Trencavel, Viscount of Albi and Nîmes. Carcassonne became famous in its role in the Albigensian Crusades, when the city was a stronghold of Occitan Cathars. In August 1209 the crusading army of Simon de Montfort forced its citizens to surrender. He added to the fortifications. Carcassonne became a border citadel between France and Aragon.

Carcassonne is at about southeast of Toulouse in the space between the Pyrenees and the Massif Central of France. It is at the crossing of two major traffic routes: the route leading from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean and that from the Massif Central to Spain, skirting the Pyrenees. Both routes exist since ancient history.

The "commune" is in the valley of the Aude river. Another river that flows through the city is the Fresquel river. The Canal du Midi also flows through the "commune".

The "commune" of Carcassonne has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Carcassonne is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Carcassonne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - oceanic climate with warm summers.

The inhabitants of Carcassonne are known, in French, as "Carcassonnais" (women: "Carcassonnaises ").

With a population of 45,941, Carcassonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Carcassonne

Carcassonne forms, with other 2 "communes", the urban area of Carcassonne with a population of 49,257 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Carcassonne, formed by 71 "communes" with a population of 98,318 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

A campus of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation academy) is in Carcassonne.

Carcassonne is the prefecture of the Aude department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne and the administrative centre () of three cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Carcassonne Agglo" ().

Carcassonne is twinned with:

The fortifications consist of a double ring of ramparts and 53 towers. In 1849, the architect Eugène Viollet-le-Duc took over restoration works.
At his death in 1879 his pupil Paul Boeswillwald, and later the architect Nodet continued the rehabilitation of Carcassonne. The restoration was strongly criticized during Viollet-le-Duc's lifetime because he made the error of using slates and restoring the roofs as pointed cones, where local practice was traditionally of tile roofing and low slopes, as in this region snow was very seldom. But today Viollet-le-Duc's work at Carcassonne is thought to be a work of genius, even if it is not exactly the same as it was.




Carcassonne (disambiguation)

Carcassonne can mean:


Villeneuve-sur-Lot

Villeneuve-sur-Lot (Gascon: "Vilanuèva d'Olt") is a town and commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is a subprefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department. The commune was formerly named "Villeneuve-d'Agen".

It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot and of 2 "cantons" in the department: Villeneuve-sur-Lot-1 and Villeneuve-sur-Lot-2.

The region where the city is was first populated by the Romans. In the 11th century, a Benedictine abbey was constructed near where is the city now. There was a small village of potters and farmers around the abbey. Between 1254 and 1263, Alphonse of Poitiers had a bastide built. He also gave the bastide city rights. The bastide has a rectangular look, with a central square.

Because of its privileged geographical situation on the river lot, the city played an important role in wars of the region:

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Villeneuve-sur-Lot is surrounded by the "communes" Lédat, Castelnaud-de-Gratecambe, La Sauvetat-sur-Lède, Monflanquin, Savignac-sur-Leyze, Saint-Aubin, Trentels, Saint-Sylvestre-sur-Lot, Penne-d'Agenais, Hautefage-la-Tour, Pujols and Bias.

The Lot river flows through the city of Villeneuve-sur-Lot. The Lède river, a tributary of the Lot, flows through the northern part of the "commune".

The climate of Villeneuve-sur-Lot is an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Villeneuve-sur-Lot are known, in French, as "Villeneuvois" (women: "Villeneuvoises").

With a population of 23,263, Villeneuve-sur-Lot has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Villeneuve-sur-Lot

Villeneuve-sur-Lot is a subprefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Villeneuve-sur-Lot and the administrative centre () of 2 cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Grand Villeneuvois" ().

Villeneuve-sur-Lot is twinned with:



Agen

Agen is a commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is the prefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Agen.

The "Agenais", the region where is the "commune", is a natural region of the old province of Aquitaine, now in Nouvelle-Aquitaine.

Agen is in the southeast of the Lot-et-Garonne department, on the right (eastern) side of the Garonne river and close to the Canal de Garonne. The city is at about from Toulouse and from Bordeaux.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Agen is surrounded by the "communes" Colayrac-Saint-Cirq, Foulayronnes, Pont-du-Casse, Bon-Encontre, Boé and Le Passage.

The climate of Agen is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Agen are known, in French, as "Agenais" (women: "Agenaises").

With a population of 34,126, Agen has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Agen

Agen forms, together with other 15 "communes", the urban area of Agen with a population of 81,110 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Agen, formed by 64 "communes", with a population of 112,801 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Agen is the "prefecture" of the Lot-et-Garonne department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Agen and the administrative centre () of 4 cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Agen" ().

Agen is twinned with:

Agen is the "capital of the prune", a local produce sold as a sweet (stuffed with prune purée) or as an after-dinner delight (prunes soaked in Armagnac – a type of brandy). Every September, the Prune festival organizes rock concerts, circuses and prune tasting.



Libourne

Libourne (; ) is a commune in the Gironde department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.

It is the wine-making capital of northern Gironde and lies near Saint-Émilion and Pomerol, both known for their wines.

Libourne was created as a bastide by Roger de Leybourne in 1270. The original name of "Leybourne" changed to the present "Libourne". Its original aim was to be a port to ship wine of the Dordogne valley to England.

Libourne is at the confluence of the Isle and Dordogne rivers. The city is at about from Bordeaux and from Arcachon.

It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Libourne is surrounded by the "communes" Les Billaux, Lalande-de-Pomerol, Pomerol, Saint-Émilion, Moulon, Génissac, Arveyres, Fronsac and Saillans.

The climate of Libourne is Marine West Coast Climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfb), with mild winters and warm summers.

The inhabitants of Libourne are known, in French, as "Libournais" (women: "Libournaises").

With a population of 24,595, Libourne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Libourne

Libourne is a sub-prefecture of the Gironde department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Libourne and the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Le Libournais-Fronsadais with 53,307 inhabitants .:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Libournais" ().

Libourne is twinned with:



Mirepoix (Ariège)

Mirepoix is a city in the south of France. Today, about 3.000 people live there. It was founded as a bastide. Though it is not a bastide in the sense that it is a planned city. It was rebuilt following complete destruction after the local river overboarded. This reconstruction was done according to the 'bastide' idea. 

Kiss (Kiss album)

Kiss is the self-titled first album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on February 8, 1974.


Hotter Than Hell

Hotter Than Hell is the second album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on October 22, 1974.


Dressed to Kill

Dressed to Kill is the third studio album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on March 19, 1975.


Alive!

Alive! is the fourth album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It is also their first live album. It was released on September 10, 1975.


Destroyer (album)

Destroyer is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on March 15, 1976.


12-hour clock

The 12-hour clock is a way of dividing the 24 hours of the day into two sections. The two halves are called ante meridiem (a.m.) and post meridiem (p.m.). Both names are from Latin and ', means "before midday" and ' means "after midday".

Each period has 12 hours and are numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12. Time from midnight to noon is a.m. and from noon to midnight p.m. The table at right shows how it relates to the 24-hour clock.

The 12-hour time is common in several English-speaking countries and former British colonies (such as the United Kingdom, the United States, the English speaking parts of Canada or India), as well as a few other countries. There is no widely accepted convention for how midday and midnight should be represented: in English-speaking countries, "12p.m." means 12 o'clock noon, while "12a.m." means 12 o'clock midnight.

Classic

Classic could mean:


Norfolk County Fair and Horse Show

The Norfolk County Fair and Horse Show is an annual showcase of rides, country music, carnival food, expensive contraptions, and horses that takes place in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada. The fair has been held in Norfolk County since the 19th Century. Simcoe Composite School people enjoy the competitions and cheerleading that goes on in the grandstands.

Bootylicious

Bootylicious is a song sung by R&B girl group Destiny's Child. It is on their third album "Survivor" 2001 and was the second single from the album. It was their fourth U.S. number-one single and reached the top-five in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom. The music video was directed by Matthew Rolston.

The word "bootylicious" is a combination of "booty" (buttocks) and "delicious".

Rigor mortis

Rigor mortis, also called postmortem rigidity, happens after a person or animal dies. It's a sign that the body is no longer alive. During rigor mortis, the body becomes stiff and hard to move. This happens because some chemicals in the muscles change after death, especially calcium.

In humans, rigor mortis can start as soon as four hours after death. But it doesn't last forever. After a few hours, the stiffness starts to go away. Usually, rigor mortis lasts no more than eight hour when the body is at room temperature.

Some people think rigor mortis is permanent, but it's not true. The stiffness gradually goes away as time goes on after death.

When a living organism dies, it stops using oxygen to produce energy. This leads to a decrease in a molecule called adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which helps muscles relax. Without oxygen, the body tries to make ATP using a different method called anaerobic glycolysis. But when the body runs out of a substance called glycogen, ATP levels drop, and the muscles become stiff in a condition called rigor mortis. During rigor mortis, the muscles can't relax because certain structures in the muscles can't separate.

After death, calcium enters the fluid inside cells, called cytosol. This happens because certain parts of the cells break down. Calcium causes the formation of structures called actin-myosin cross-bridges, which are important for muscle movement. In rigor mortis, the myosin heads in the muscles keep binding to actin proteins using a molecule called adenosine diphosphate (ADP). The muscles can't relax until enzymes break down this binding. Normally, relaxation happens when ATP replaces ADP, breaking the connection between myosin and actin. But since there is no ATP after death, enzymes (from the body or bacteria) break down the muscle tissue during decomposition. As the muscle tissue breaks down, the myosin heads degrade, releasing the muscle contraction and allowing the body to relax.

The breakdown of muscle fibers during decomposition happens between 48 and 60 hours after the peak of rigor mortis, which usually happens around 13 hours after death.

Colosseum

The Colosseum, also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre, is a large artefact or structure in the city of Rome. The construction of the Colosseum started around 70–72 AD and was finished in 80 AD. Emperor Vespasian started all the work, and Emperor Titus completed the colosseum. Emperor Domitian made some changes to the building between 81 and 96 AD. It had seating for 50,000 people. It is the biggest amphitheatre built by the Roman Empire, and the largest in the world.

The Colosseum is in Rome, the capital of Italy. More precisely, it is on the east bank of the Tiber, the river that crosses the city, east of the ancient Roman forum. A forum in antiquity was a geographical area in which were the main buildings of power, as well as the large square on which the population met. It was both a busy place to live, a place to get married, big parties, community meetings, and so on. The stadium was less than a kilometer to the southwest, the Capitol was a little over a mile to the west.

Colosseum was first called the Flavian Amphitheatre or in Latin, the Amphitheatrum Flavium. This was after Vespasian and Titus who had the family name of "Flavius". It was used for gladiatorial contests, and other shows like "animal hunts", in which animals would hunt and eat prisoners; or in which gladiators would fight against animals. There were also executions of prisoners, plays, and battle scenes; sometimes it was filled with water to fight sea battles. The people of Rome could go into the Colosseum without any costs; it was free.

In the Middle Ages, after the mid-fifth century, it was no longer used for performances. It was then used as housing, workshops, a Christian shrine, and as a supply of building stones.

It is now in ruins because of earthquakes. The Colosseum is a symbol of the Roman Empire. It is one of Rome's most popular tourist attractions. On Good Fridays, the Pope leads a torch lit "Way of the Cross" procession around the various levels of the amphitheatre.

The Colosseum appears on the Italy Euro five cent coins.

The building of the Colosseum began under the rule of the Emperor Vespasian in around 70–72 AD. The area was flat, in a valley between the Caelian, Esquiline and Palatine Hills. There was a stream flowing through the valley, but this had been made into a canal. People had been living in this area for over 200 years, but the houses were destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome in 64 AD. The Emperor Nero took much of the land for his own use. He built a grand palace, the "Domus Aurea" which had a lake, gardens, paths covered with a roof held up by columns (porticoes), and large shelters (pavilions) to sit in. He had the "Aqua Claudia" aqueduct made longer to supply water to the area. There was also a big bronze statue of Nero, the Colossus of Nero, at the front of the Domus Aurea. In 68 AD, Nero lost control of the government. The Senate made him a public outlaw, and he killed himself soon after.

To celebrate the end of Nero's rule, the Emperor Vespasian built the Colosseum on the site of Nero's lake. This was seen as giving back the land to the people of Rome. The Romans often built monuments to celebrate important events, and the Colosseum is a part of that tradition.

Most of the Domus Aurea was torn down. The lake was filled in and the land used for the Colosseum. Schools for gladiators and other buildings were put up in the old gardens of the Domus Aurea. The Colossus was left in place, but Nero's head was replaced. Vespasian renamed it after the sun-god, Helios ("Colossus Solis"). Many historians say that the name of the Colosseum comes from the statue, the Colossus. The Colosseum was originally structured to accomoodate a total of 70000 guests of which 60000 could be seated while rested 10000 can be stand. Usually in Roman cities, the amphitheatres were built on the edge of the city.
The Colosseum was built in the city centre; in effect, placing it in the real and symbolic heart of Rome.

The Colosseum had been completed up to the third story by the time of Vespasian's death in 79. The top level was finished and the building opened by his son, Titus, in 80. Cassius Dio said that over 9,000 wild animals were killed during the opening games. The building was changed by Vespasian's younger son, Emperor Domitian. He added the "hypogeum", underground tunnels used to hold the animals and slaves used in the games. He also added a fourth level at the top of the Colosseum to add more seats.

In 217, the Colosseum was badly damaged by fire. Cassius Dio said the fire was started by lightning. The fire destroyed the wooden upper levels inside the amphitheatre. It was not fully repaired until about 240 and underwent further repairs in 250 or 252 and again in 320. Theodosius II and Valentinian III (ruled 425–450), repaired damage caused by an earthquake in 443; more work followed in 484 and 508. The last record of gladiator fights is about 435, while animal hunts continued until at least 523.

The Colosseum went through big changes of use during the medieval period. At the end of the 500's, a small church had been built into a part of the building. The arena was used as a cemetery. The areas under the seating was used for houses and workshops. There are records of the space being rented as late as the 1100s. About 1200, the Frangipani family took over the Colosseum and made it into a castle.

During the great earthquake in 1349, the outer south side fell down. Most of the fallen stones were used to build palaces, churches, hospitals and other buildings in Rome. In the middle of the 1300s, a religious group moved into the north part, and were still there in the 1800s. The inside of the Colosseum was used to supply building stones. The marble facade was burned to make quicklime. The bronze clamps which held the stonework together were ripped off the walls leaving marks that can still be seen today.

During the 16th and 17th century, Church officials looked for a use for the big and ruined building. Pope Sixtus V (1521–1590) wanted to turn the building into a wool factory to provide jobs for Rome's prostitutes, but he died and the idea given up. In 1671 Cardinal Altieri said it could be used for bullfights. Many people were upset by this idea, it was quickly dropped.
In 1749, Pope Benedict XIV said that the Colosseum was a sacred place where early Christians had been martyred. He stopped people from taking any more building stones away. He set up the Stations of the Cross inside the building. He said the place was made sacred with the blood of the Christian martyrs who had died there. However, there is no historical evidence that any Christians had been killed in the Colosseum.

Later popes started projects to save the building from falling down. They took out the many plants which had overgrown the building and were causing more damage. The facade was made stronger with triangular brick wedges in 1807 and 1827. The inside was repaired in 1831, 1846 and in the 1930s. The underground area was partly dug out in 1810–1814 and 1874. This digging was finished by Benito Mussolini in the 1930s.'

The Colosseum is a free standing building, quite different to the earlier Greek theatres which were built into the sides of hills. It is really two Roman theatres joined together. It is oval shaped, 189 meters (615 ft / 640 Roman feet) long, and 156 meters (510 ft / 528 Roman feet) wide. It covers an area of . The outer wall is 48 meters (157 ft / 165 Roman feet) high. The distance around the building was 545 meters (1,788 ft / 1,835 Roman feet). The arena is an oval long and wide, surrounded by a wall high. Around the arena were raised rows of seating.

The outer wall was made from about of travertine stone. This was held together by of iron clamps. There was no mortar used to hold the wall together. The outside wall has been badly damaged over the years. Large sections have fallen down after earthquakes. The north side of the outside wall is still standing. It has triangular brick wedges at each end, added in the early 1800s to hold up the wall. The rest of the outside wall that can be seen today, is in fact the original inside wall.

Amphitheatre

An amphitheatre (or amphitheater) is a type of structure. It is a flat area, surrounded by an area that ascends gradually. In the ascending area, people can be seated. Today, such structures are used for presentations, but also spectator sports.

In Ancient Rome, these structures were used to entertain the population. Gladiator combats, athletics and executions were staged there.

A natural amphitheatre is a natural formation of rocks or cliffs, which resemble a man-made amphitheatre.



Circus Maximus

The Circus Maximus (translates to biggest round-course) is an ancient hippodrome in Rome. It was built by the Romans. It was used to stage chariot races, but also other uses like gladiator fights. Today it is a park.


Peter Maxwell Davies

Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, CBE (8 September 1934 – 14 March 2016), was an English composer and conductor. He received many honours, including his appointment as Master of the Queen’s Music. His surname was "Davies"; "Maxwell" is his middle name, and his friends called him 'Max'.

Davies was born in Salford, Lancashire. He grew up in Lancashire. He learned to play the piano and started composing when he was still very young. After education at Leigh Grammar School, he studied at the University of Manchester and at the Royal Manchester College of Music (now part of the Royal Northern College of Music). He met other students there who became famous musicians: Harrison Birtwistle, Alexander Goehr, Elgar Howarth and John Ogdon. Together they formed a group which they called the “New Music Manchester”. This group performed a lot of contemporary music (music that was being composed at the time). After a short stay in Rome he got a job as Director of Music at Cirencester Grammar School from 1959 to 1962.

Davies wanted to study with other composers, so he went to the United States to study with Roger Sessions, Milton Babbitt and Earl Kim. Then he moved to Australia, where he was Composer in Residence at the University of Adelaide from 1965 to 1966.

He then returned to the United Kingdom, and moved to the Orkney Islands. Davies, who was openly gay, lived there on the island of Sanday with his partner Colin Parkinson. In 1977 he started a big arts festival on Orkney, called the St Magnus Festival. This still takes place every year. He often uses it to give first performances of new works (often played by the local school orchestra).

Davies held several posts, including artistic director of the Dartington Summer School from 1979 to 1984. From 1992 to 2002 he was associate conductor/composer with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra and he has conducted a number of other well-known orchestras.

He was given several honorary doctorates including one from the University of Oxford. He has been President of Making Music (The National Federation of Music Societies) since 1989. Davies was made a CBE in 1981 and knighted in 1987. He was appointed Master of the Queen's Music for a ten-year period from March 2004. He was also a professor of composition at the Royal Academy of Music.

Davies wrote a lot of music. Some of his first works used serial techniques, sometimes combined with ideas from Mediaeval and Renaissance music, including bits of plainsong.

Pieces from the late 1960s combine these ideas with expressionism and a violent character, for example "Eight Songs for a Mad King" which is about King George III. Written for a singer and a small group of instruments the singer has to shout and screech at times, and also act. He wrote an opera "Taverner" about the Renaissance composer John Taverner. The orchestral piece "St Thomas Wake" (1969) uses many different styles of music, including foxtrots (played by a twenties-style dance band), a pavan by John Bull and Davies's own modern style. Many works from this period were performed by the Pierrot Players which Davies founded with Harrison Birtwistle in 1967 (they were reformed as The Fires of London in 1970 and stayed together until 1987).

Mathematics played a part in Davies’ music. In his work "Ave Maris Stella" he used a magic square. "Worldes Blis" 1969 shows the beginning of his more mature style. Some people think it is similar to Jean Sibelius.

After his move to Orkney, Davies often used Orcadian (the adjective of “Orkney”) or more generally Scottish themes in his music. He sometimes set the words of Orcadian writer George Mackay Brown. He wrote a number of other operas, "The Martyrdom of St Magnus" (1976), "The Lighthouse" (1980, his most popular opera), "Resurrection" (1987), and "The Doctor of Myddfai" (1996). Davies also became interested in classical forms, completing his first symphony in 1976. He wrote eight numbered symphonies since, a Sinfonia Concertante (1982), as well as the series of ten "Strathclyde Concertos" for various instruments (pieces he wrote when he worked with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra). In 2002, he began work on a series of string quartets for the Maggini String Quartet to record on the Naxos record label (the so-called "Naxos Quartets"). His most recent one is No.9 (2006).

Davies also wrote a number of lighter orchestral works such as "Mavis in Las Vegas" and "An Orkney Wedding, with Sunrise" which featured the bagpipes and was played at the Last Night of the Proms in 1992 (with a bottle of whisky being passed round). He also wrote music for children including the operas "A Selkie Tale", "The Great Bank Robbery" and "The Spider's Revenge", and film music for Ken Russell's films "The Devils" and "The Boy Friend".

Maxwell Davies's short piano piece "Farewell to Stromness" entered the Classic FM Hall of Fame in 2003.

Davies died on 14 March 2016 on Orkney from leukemia. He was aged 81.


Take That

Take That are an English boy band from Manchester. They formed in 1990 and between then and 1996, when they broke up, they sold 19 million records.

They reformed in 2006 and went on tour, without Robbie Williams. Williams rejoined the band in 2009, doing the Progress sessions. In 2011 Williams and Take That toured Europe on their Progress Live tour to promote the album. in October of the same year Williams chose to leave the group again to focus on his solo career, however, in 2012, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2020 Williams has performed with the group occasionally.

Jason Orange left Take That in September 2014 and Take That became a 3 piece band. Take That released their seventh album called III in 2014. The band continued as a 3 piece for Wonderland in 2017 and Odyssey in 2018.

Current

Former



Gary Barlow, Mark Owen, Howard Donald, Jason Orange and Robbie Williams were in Take That. Williams left in 1995 after taking drugs and soon the 4 remaining members split up in 1996. Take That returned to the music business in 2005, released their come-back album called Beautiful World and then went on tour in 2006. 2010 saw the return of Williams and in 2011 Take That took a hiatus and Barlow become a judge on the British TV talent show "The X Factor UK" in that year. Donald then became a judge on the German version of the dancing talent show "Got To Dance" in 2013. Williams left the band in 2012. Barlow ended his time on The X Factor UK to focus on the group in 2013. In early 2014 it was announced that the band would release their seventh studio album in late 2014. In September 2014 it was announced that Orange had decided to leave the band. The group then became a 3-piece boy band without Orange or Williams. Their seventh studio album called III was released in 2014. Their first single of III called "These Days" was released in November 2014. The second single of III called "Get Ready For It" was released in January 2015 and was also featured in the 2015 film "". The third single of III called "Let in the Sun" was released in March 2015.
"New Day"


Ambulance

An ambulance is a vehicle that is made to take people who are sick or injured to a hospital or other medical facility. Ambulances help people who are involved in life-threatening Emergency situations. These include Motor Vehicle Accidents,Heart Attacks,Strokes,Seizures and other emergency situations. Ambulances and other medical vehicles have specialized equipment that helps in these emergencies.

The first ambulances were used on battlefields. They were carts pulled by horses that were used to take wounded soldiers to field hospitals. Horse-drawn ambulances were common in Europe and North America in the 19th century. Automobiles replaced horses in the early 1900s. Modern ambulances have equipment that help them deal with many situations. They can provide first aid or other emergency care. Ambulances and other medical vehicles have specialized emergency lights, sirens and horns that they use to warn people that they are coming down the road. Ambulances normally have Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs) or Paramedics working in them. Ambulances may be used by a Rescue Squad,a separate Emergency Medical Services Agency or a Fire Department.

Ambulances are normally called by dialing a special emergency number. This number is different for each country. In the United Kingdom, the number is 999. In the United States, the number is 911; In Europe, the number is 112. A call to any of these numbers connects the caller to a specialized Emergency Telephone Operator or Dispatcher who works at an Emergency Dispatch or Control Facility. Once information from the calling person or persons have been given, the Emergency Telephone Operator or Dispatcher sends an ambulance or other Medical vehicles to the incident.

An ambulance usually has two crew members. One person drives while the other looks after the patient in the back. A paramedic will have at least a year of medical training. They can do fairly advanced treatment. Not all ambulances have paramedics on them. In the United States, some may have Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs). Emergency Care Assistants (ECAs) can be found in the United Kingdom. In some countries such as France, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden, ambulances may have doctors or nurses on board.

In the past, ambulances only gave patients a ride to hospital. They only carried a small amount of first aid equipment . This is still true in some parts of the world. Most modern ambulances will have more equipment and medicine. In some countries, an ambulance is like a mobile doctor's clinic.

Ambulances or other Medical vehicles have some or all of the following equipment on board:

Air ambulances became more common in the late 20th century. They are helicopters that carry much of the same equipment as a normal ambulance. In the United States, the Coast Guard runs a public air ambulance service using helicopters. These are often needed when emergencies happen at sea. There are also privately owned air ambulance services that provide for a wider range of needs, including international transport. Air ambulances are very useful when an emergency happens in a place that is hard to get to quickly by ground travel.

Air ambulances are very important in countries with low population density (few people, living in a vast area). Examples of these areas are Canada, Russia, Sweden or Finland. They can often save the life of a patient who would otherwise die because they could not get to a hospital quickly by other means.

Gan language

Gan is the language of Jiangxi and some others provinces in China.

It is spoken by 20 to 50 million people in southern China.

Gan has 9 dialects, and Nangchang dialect is representative.


Rock and Roll Over

Rock and Roll Over is the fifth studio album and sixth album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on November 11, 1976.


Love Gun

Love Gun is the sixth studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on June 30, 1977.

Alive II

Alive II is the second live album and eighth album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on November 28, 1977. The last five songs are exclusive to (only on) this album.


Henry IV, Holy Roman Emperor

Henry IV (1050–1106) was King of Germany from 1056 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1084, till he was forced to step down in 1105. He was the third emperor of the Salian dynasty and one of the most interesting and important figures of the eleventh century. His reign was marked by the Investiture Controversy with the Papacy and several civil wars with pretenders to his throne in Italy and Germany.

Henry was the eldest son of the Emperor Henry III, by his second wife Agnes de Poitou, and was probably born at the royal palace at Goslar. When Henry III unexpectedly died in 1056, the six-year-old Henry IV became king without problems. The Empress Agnes acted as regent, and the German pope Victor II was named as her counsellor.

Unlike Henry III, Agnes could not influence the election of the new popes, Stephen IX and Nicholas II. These popes worked together with the Normans of southern Italy.
But the first great problem started when Nicholas claimed influence in the election of Germany.

Gregory VII, a reformist monk, was elected as pope in 1073. This is when the controversy between emperor and pope began.

In the higher ranks of the German clergy, Gregory had many enemies. Therefore, King Henry declared Gregory was no longer pope, and the Romans should choose a new pope. When Gregory heard of this he
excommunicated Henry IV, declared he was no longer emperor and canceled the oaths the people had sworn to King Henry.

The excommunication of the king made a deep impression both in Germany and Italy. Thirty years before, Henry III had deposed three popes, but when Henry IV tried to copy this procedure, he did not have the support of the people. The Saxons began a second rebellion, and the anti-royalist party grew in strength.

The situation now became extremely critical for Henry. It became clear that at any price he had to get his absolution from Gregory. At first he tried this by an embassy, but when Gregory rejected this, he went to Italy in person.

The pope had already left Rome. Henry tried to force the pope to grant him absolution by doing penance before him at Canossa, where Gregory stayed. For a Christian it seemed impossible to deny a penitent re-entrance into the church, and therefore Gregory removed the ban. But a new conflict followed because Henry IV thought the end of excommunication meant he was king again. But Gregory did not decide that.

The rebellious German nobles used the excommunication of Henry to set up a rival king, Duke Rudolph of Swabia (Forchheim, March 1077). At first Gregory seemed to be neutral because the two parties (emperor and rebels) were of fairly equal strength. But finally he decided to support Rudolph of Swabia after his victory at "Flarchheim" (January 27, 1080) and declared the excommunication and deposition of King Henry again (March 7, 1080).

This was widely felt to be an injustice. When Rudolph of Swabia died on October 16 of the same year, Henry began to fight to be king. In 1081 he opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy. Gregory had now become less powerful, and thirteen Cardinals stopped supporting him. Rome surrendered to the German king, and Guibert of Ravenna was enthroned as Clement III (March 24, 1084). Henry was crowned emperor by his rival, while Gregory himself had to flee from Rome in the company of his Norman "vassal," Robert Guiscard.

Henry's wife Bertha died on December 27, 1087. She was also buried at the Speyer Cathedral. Their children were:



Gene Simmons (album)

Gene Simmons is a solo album by Gene Simmons, the bass player of the American hard rock/heavy metal band, Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1978, as one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss.

Paul Stanley (album)

Paul Stanley is a solo album from the guitarist of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1978, as one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss.


Ace Frehley (album)

Ace Frehley is the first solo album from Ace Frehley, the guitarist of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1978, as one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss. The album was rated 4 out of 5 stars by AllMusic. They said "Of the four Kiss solo albums released simultaneously in 1978, the best of the bunch is guitarist Ace Frehley's".

Tristan und Isolde

Tristan und Isolde ("Tristan and Isolde") is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner. As always, Wagner wrote the words for the opera himself. He took the famous old legend which had been told by the German poet Gottfried von Strassburg 

Wagner composed the opera between 1857 and 1859. It was first performed, with Hans von Bülow conducting, in Munich on 10 June 1865. Many musicians think it is the greatest opera of the 19th century. Wagner’s dramatic handling of the story had enormous influence on many composers of the time. His harmonies were also an extremely important development in the language of Romantic music. Not everybody liked it. In particular, the music critic Eduard Hanslick said that he could not understand it.

The story of Tristan and Isolde was one of the great romances of the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Several poets told the story, and each told it slightly differently. The themes of chivalry and courtly love are always there. 

Isolde, an Irish princess, and her maid, Brangaene are on Tristan’s ship, being taken to King Marke’s lands in Cornwall where Isolde is to be married to the King. The opera opens with a young sailor singing about a “wild Irish maid”. Isolde thinks he is singing about her. She is furious and wishes the sea would rise up and sink the ship, killing all on board. She is particularly furious with Tristan, the knight who is taking her to the king. She asks her maid to get Tristan, but he will not come because he is steering the ship. His henchman, Kurwenal, speaks crossly to Brangaene, reminding her that Isolde’s previous fiancé, Morold, had been killed by Tristan and his head sent back to Ireland.

Brangaene returns to Isolde to tell her about what was said. Isolde sadly tells her how, after Morold had died, a man called Tantris had been brought to her because he was seriously injured, and that she had made him better using her powers of healing. However, she then found out that his real name was Tristan. He was Ireland’s worst enemy, and he was the man who had killed Morold. Isolde had tried to kill him with a sword, but when Tristan had looked into her eyes her heart had become full of love and she had dropped the sword. Tristan had been allowed to go back to Cornwall. However, it seemed now he had told his uncle, King Marke, all about the beautiful Isolde and had come to get her so that his uncle could marry her. Brangaene tries to make Isolde see that Tristan is doing an honourable thing to make her Queen of Ireland, but Isolde will not listen. She is furious, and wants him to drink a potion which had been intended by her mother for King Marke and Isolde as a love potion, but for Tristan it would be death. 

Kurwenal now appears and says that Tristan has agreed after all to see Isolde. When he arrives, Isolde tells him that she now knows that he was Tantris, and that he owes her his life. Tristan agrees to drink the potion, now prepared by Brangaene, even though he knows it may kill him. As he drinks, Isolde snatches the rest of the potion from him and drinks it herself. They both believe they are about to die, and they declare their love for one other. Kurwenal comes and says that King Marke is arriving. Isolde asks Brangaene which potion she prepared and is told that it was not the death poison, but a love-potion. Outside, the sailors welcome the arrival of King Marke.
King Marke and his men are hunting at night. His castle is empty except for Isolde and Brangaene who stand by a lighted torch. Isolde keeps thinking that the hunting horns are far enough away for her to put out the flames, giving the sign for Tristan to join her. Brangaene warns Isolde that one of King Marke’s knights, Melot, has seen Tristan and Isolde looking at one another lovingly. Isolde, however, thinks that Melot is Tristan’s best friend, and, desperate to see Tristan, she puts out the flames. Brangaene goes to the castle walls to keep a look-out as Tristan arrives.

Tristan and Isolde can now tell one another they are madly in love. Brangaene tries to warn them that the night is ending, but they do not listen to her and Melot leads Marke to find the two lovers in one another’s arms. Marke is desperately sad because Tristan has been betrayed and also because he himself had come to love Isolde. 

Tristan now asks Isolde if she will follow him again into the night, and she agrees. Melot and Tristan fight, but then Tristan throws his sword to the side and is seriously wounded by Melot.

Kurwenal has brought Tristan home to his castle at Kareol in Brittany. A shepherd plays a sad tune on his pipes and asks if Tristan is awake. Kurwenal says that only Isolde’s arrival can save Tristan. The shepherd says he will keep watch and pipe a happy tune to mark the arrival of any ship. Tristan now wakes up and is sad that it is daylight. His sadness turns to joy when Kurwenal tells him that Isolde is coming. He asks if her ship is in sight, but only the shepherd’s sorrowful tune is heard. 

Tristan sinks back again. He remembers that the shepherd’s tune is the one he had heard when his father and then his mother died. He collapses. The shepherd now pipes the arrival of Isolde’s ship, and as Kurwenal rushes to meet her, Tristan in his excitement tears the bandages from his wounds. As Isolde arrives at his side, Tristan dies while speaking her name. 

Isolde collapses beside him as the appearance of another ship is announced. Kurwenal sees Melot, Marke and Brangaene arrive and furiously attacks Melot because he had killed Tristan. In the fight both Melot and Kurwenal are killed. Marke and Brangaene finally reach Tristan and Isolde. Marke is terribly sad. He explains that he has heard about the love-potion from Brangaene and he had come because he had decided that Tristan and Isolde should be united. Isolde seems to wake but, in a last aria describing her vision of Tristan risen again (the “Liebestod”), then falls lifeless next to his body, uniting the two lovers in death.

The very first chord in the piece is very famous. It has become known as the "Tristan chord". Although it had been used before, the way Wagner used it here was quite new. It makes the chromatic harmony very hazy, and the listener does not know for many bars what key the music is in. It creates a lot of tension. There are many other moments like this in the opera. The tension goes right through the opera. The story tells of a tension that can only come to rest through death.

The Prelude and Liebestod is a concert version of the overture and Isolde's Act 3 aria, arranged by Wagner, which was first performed in 1862, before the first performance of the opera itself in 1865. The Liebestod can be performed either in a purely orchestral version, or with a soprano singing Isolde's vision of Tristan brought back to life.


Peter Criss (album)

Peter Criss is a solo album from the drummer of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1978, as one of four solo albums released by the members of Kiss.


Pop Rocks

Pop Rocks are a kind of candy with carbonation added to make a "popping" feeling in the mouth of the person eating them.
The candy pops and fizzes because it contains bubbles of carbon dioxide under high pressure. When you melt the candy shell, the carbon dioxide escapes with a pop. When Pop Rocks® are made, the hot candy syrup is mixed with carbon dioxide gas under high pressure (600 pounds per square inch).


Dynasty (album)

Dynasty is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on May 23, 1979.


Master of the Queen's Music

Master of the King's Music (or Master of the Queen's Music when the United Kingdom has a queen) is a post in the Royal Household of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom. It is the title given to one chosen composer of classical music Only one person holds the title at any one time. It is very similar to the post of Poet Laureate which is for a poet.

The Master of the King's Music is Judith Weir. Instead of being appointed for life, she was appointed for a ten-year term like her predecessor, starting March 2014. The change was to give more composers the opportunity to serve.

The Master of the King's Music has the job of composing music for special royal occasions such as anniversaries, marriages and funerals, and for special ceremonies.

The title was created in 1626 by Charles I. It was spelt Master of the King's Musick and was always spelt that way until the time of Sir Edward Elgar who was Master from 1924 to 1934.
Holders of the post have been:


Unmasked

Unmasked is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on May 20, 1980.


Music from &quot;The Elder&quot;

Music from "The Elder" is a concept album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on November 10, 1981.


Cross-platform

Cross-platform software is a type of software that can run on many different operating systems or computer architectures. Together, the combination of an operating system and computer architecture is commonly referred to as a "platform".

Microsoft Windows, macOS, iOS, BlackBerry, Linux and Android are five different types of well-known platforms.

Cross-Platform Development is very crucial towards marketing business over different platforms. Nowadays, there are multiple platforms for the customer base to surf the internet. A website has a particular pixel and differs in height and width that may not locate the different screen sizes. With the help of cross-platform development, a developer creates the website to mold to any screen size. 

Developing an application for multiple platforms is very complex, as it needs high-tech backend work to make the app run on different platforms. With the wide range of OS, mainly iOS and Android, the application needs to be developed. However, with a cross-platform, both iOS and Android can install and run the application. It means the business is targeting the world market for enhanced revenues. 

Investiture Controversy

The Investiture Controversy, also known as the lay investiture controversy, was the most important conflict between secular and religious powers in medieval Europe. It began as a dispute in the 11th century between the Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV and Pope Gregory VII. The question was who would control appointments of bishops (investiture).

The controversy led to many years of bitterness and nearly fifty years of civil war in Germany. This war ended with the triumph of the great dukes and abbots, and the falling apart of the German empire in the end.

When Gregory VII, a reformist monk, was elected as pope in 1073, the controversy between emperor and pope began.

Gregory had many enemies in the higher ranks of the German clergy, so Henry IV declared that Gregory was no longer pope and that the Romans should choose a new pope . When Gregory learned of this he excommunicated Henry IV, declared he was no longer emperor, and told his subjects that they no longer had to obey him as they had sworn to do.

The excommunication of the king made a deep impression both in Germany and Italy. Thirty years before, his father Henry III had deposed three popes, but when Henry IV tried to copy this procedure he did not have the support of the people. The Saxons began a second rebellion, and the anti-royalist party grew in strength from month to month.

Henry had been excommunicated by this point, and facing widespread opposition at home with Rudolf as the figurehead of this, Henry met the Pope at a fortress in the Southern Alps. Over three days he signals his penitence in the snow, barefoot and wearing a sack cloth, leading to a reconciliation with Pope Gregory VII.

The opposition of the rebellious German nobles used the excommunication of Henry to set up a rival king Rudolf of Rheinfelden (Forchheim, March 1077). At first Gregory seemed to be neutral because the two parties (emperor and rebels) were of fairly equal strength. But finally he decided for Rudolf after his victory at "Flarchheim" (27 January 1080) and declared the excommunication and deposition of King Henry again (7 March 1080).

This was widely felt to be an injustice. When Rudolf died on 16 October of the same year, Henry, now more experienced, took up the struggle. In 1081 he opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy. Gregory had now become less powerful, and thirteen cardinals deserted him. Rome surrendered to the German king, and Guibert of Ravenna enthroned as Clement III (24 March 1084). Henry was crowned emperor by his rival, while Gregory himself had to flee from Rome in the company of his Norman "vassal" Robert Guiscard.




Palm

The word palm can mean:

Cycas

Cycas is a genus of plants. It is the only living genus remaining in the Cycadaceae family. Cycads were common plants when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, but are rare today.

Over 100 species are known. Probably the best-known of these is "Cycas revoluta", the Sago Palm. The generic name comes from Greek "kykas" and means "palm tree". The plant is not a true palm, however. 

"Cycas" is native to the Old World; most species are around the equatorial regions. It is native to eastern and southeastern Asia including the Philippines with 6 species (4 of which are endemic), eastern Africa (including Madagascar), northern Australia, Polynesia, and Micronesia. Australia has 26 species, while the Indo-Chinese area has about 30. The northernmost species ("C. revoluta") is found at 31°N in southern Japan. The southernmost ("C. megacarpa") is found at 26°S in southeast Queensland, Australia.

The plants have often been considered to be a living fossil. The earliest fossils of the genus "Cycas" appear in the Cainozoic, but "Cycas"-like fossils occur well into the Mesozoic. Phylogenetic studies have shown that Cycadaceae is the sister-group to all other living cycads.


Heliconia

Heliconia is a genus of flowering plants. They are native tropical South America, as well as the Pacific Ocean Islands west to Indonesia. There are between 100 and 200 species in the genus. Other common names include lobster-claw, wild plantain and false bird-of-paradise. 

The plants have very decorative flowers. For this reason they are often sold decorative plants.

Screenplay

A screenplay or script is the written instruction about what happens in a play, movie or television program. The screenplay for a movie has everything that happens in the movie. It includes the plot, the dialogue and actions of the characters, and instructions for editing. The person who writes the screenplay is called a screenwriter. A screenplay for television is called a teleplay. The script is usually slightly changed or things will be added or subtracted as the directors and producers decide. 

Pope Gregory VII

Pope Gregory VII (; 1020–May 25, 1085), born Hildebrand (Italian: "Ildebrando di Soana"), was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 158th Pope from April 22, 1073 until he died in 1085.

Hildebrand was born in Sovana in Tuscany. As a youth, he became a Benedictine monk. 

In Rome, Hildebrand became the chaplain of Pope Gregory VI. When Gregory VI abdicated and went into in exile in Germany, Hildebrand went with him.

Pope Leo IX raised Hildebrand to the rank of Cardinal in 1049.
Cardinal Hildebrand was elected pope on April 22, 1073; and he chose to be called Gregory. 

Pope Gregory was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Pope Gregory died an exile in Salerno. His last words were: "I have loved justice and hated iniquity; therefore, I [now] die in exile." (""Dilexi iustitiam et odivi iniquitatem propterea morior in exilio"").. 

Gregory was recognized as a saint in 1728..



Excommunication

Excommunication is a religious act used to take off or suspend membership in a religious community.

The word literally means "out of communion", or "no longer in communion". In some churches, excommunication includes the belief that the person who was exocommunicated is going to Hell. Sometimes punishment "follow" excommunication; these include being banned, shunning, and shaming, depending on the group's religion or religious community.




Helen Clark

Helen Elizabeth Clark (born 26 February 1950) was the Prime Minister of New Zealand from December 1999 to November 2008. She is was later the head of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) from 2009 to 2017. In 2006, she was ranked by "Forbes" magazine as the 20th most powerful woman in the world.

Clark is a member of the of Global Commission for the Economy and Climate.

Clark grew up the eldest of four daughters from a Waikato farming family. Her mother, Margaret, worked as a primary school teacher and her father, George, was a farmer who supported the National Party during the 1981 election.

Clark studied at the University of Auckland, where she graduated with a MA (Honours) in 1974. Her thesis research focused on rural political behavior and representation.

Scalable Vector Graphics

Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) are a type of two dimensional picture that work on vectors, rather than pixels. This means they can become bigger or smaller without losing any quality or becoming blurry. SVG is based on XML and created by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).

The W3C published SVG in September 2001. As of 2018 SVG is widely supported in all modern browsers.

The normal Filename extension is ".svg" and the MIME-Type is codice_1.

SVG uses Extensible Markup Language (XML). So it has a definition of the document type.
This image shows the difference between bitmap and vector
images. The vector image can be scaled forever, while the bitmap can not.


Creatures of the Night

Creatures of the Night is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on October 13, 1982.


Full communion

Full communion is a term used in Christian ecclesiology to describe relations between two distinct Christian communities or Churches that recognise that each other shares the same communion and the same essential doctrines. That does not mean that there would be no differences at all between them. 

The meaning of full communion is different in, on the one hand, Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Christian theology, and, on the other hand, in the theology of other Western Christians. 




Queue area

A queue is a line of people standing behind one another who are waiting for something. The person at the front of the queue will have his turn next, then the next person and so on. When someone comes to join the queue they have to go to the back of the queue and wait until it is their turn. Sometimes people try to "jump the queue" or "push in". They are usually told off and have to go to the back of the queue.

The word "queue" comes from the French word for "tail", but when talking about a queue of people in English it is pronounced "kyoo" (like "Kew" in "Kew Gardens"). The word "queue" can be a noun ("Please stand in the queue") or a verb ("Please queue over there").

A queue may also be a queue of vehicles waiting to get passed something or to go in somewhere.

People may queue to be served in a shop, or queue for a bus or taxi or to go into something like a museum. Queueing is much better than pushing one's way in.

Sometimes, in places where a lot of people are queueing, there may be a system of numbered tickets. When someone arrives, they take a number and wait until their number is shown on a display board. This system is often used in banks, doctor's surgeries, passport offices, etc.

People waiting in a queue are not always standing around. There may be people who, for example, are waiting to have an operation, but they have to wait "in a queue" until one day they receive a letter from the hospital telling them when to come in for their operation.

Russians often make jokes about queues because, in the days of the Soviet Union, there was not much in the shops. When a shop had a delivery there would suddenly be a long queue of people. People joined a queue even if they did not know what the queue was for. If they bought something they did not want they could always sell it.

Perhaps the most famous queue in Britain is the queue for promenade tickets (standing places) at the BBC Proms. People enjoy chatting to one another in the queue. The people who are at the front of the queue can have the first choice of where to stand for the concert. The word queue does not have any word families, however, it has many synonyms. Some of these are: Chain, line, row, and series. It only has two antonyms, and they are disorder and disorganized.

Ecclesiology

In Christian theology, ecclesiology is the study of doctrine about the Church itself as a community and about the churches own view of its mission and role.

That means that ecclesiology looks at the role of the church in salvation, at its origin, its relationship to the historical Christ, its discipline, its destiny (see Eschatology) and its leadership. 

In addition to describing a broad discipline of theology, ecclesiology may be used in the specific sense of a particular church or denomination’s character, self-described or otherwise. This is the sense of the word in such phrases as "Roman Catholic ecclesiology", "Lutheran ecclesiology", and "ecumenical ecclesiology". 

Ecclesiology asks the questions:











Ecclesia (Church)

Ecclesia (or Ekklesia) in Christian theology means both: a particular body of faithful people, and the whole body of the faithful. Latin "ecclesia", from Greek "ekklesia," where the word is a compound of two segments: "ek", a preposition meaning "out of", and a verb, "kaleo", signifying "to call" - together, literally, "to call out". That usage soon disappeared and was replaced with "assembly, congregation, council", or "convocation".

If one speaks of the whole body of Christian faithful, then there are included not only the members of the Church who are alive on earth but all who were members of the church before. Some churches therefore describe the Church as being composed of the "Church Militant" (Christians on Earth) and the "Church Triumphant" (Christians in Heaven). In Catholic theology, there is also the "Church Suffering" (Christians still in purgatory).

The Christian family, the most basic unit of Church life, is sometimes called the domestic Church.

Finally, 'The Church' may sometimes be used, especially in Catholic theology, to speak of those who exercise the office of teaching and ruling the faithful, the "Ecclesia Docens", or again (more rarely) the governed as distinguished from their pastors, the "Ecclesia Discens".



Communion (Christian)

The term Communion comes from Latin "communio" (sharing in common). The corresponding term in Greek is κοινωνία, which is often translated as "fellowship".

In Christianity, the basic meaning of the term "communion" is an especially close relationship of Christians, as individuals or as a Church, with God and with other Christians.

But the term is also used of a group of Christian Churches that have this close relationship of communion with each other. An example is the Anglican Communion.

If the relationship between the Churches is complete, involving fulness of "those bonds of communion - faith, sacraments and pastoral governance - that permit the Faithful to receive the life of grace within the Church", it is called full communion. But the term "full communion" is often used as well in that sense that these Christian Churches are not united, but have only an arrangement where members of each Church have certain rights within the other.

If a Church recognizes that another Church, with which it lacks bonds of pastoral governance, shares with it some of the beliefs and essential practices of Christianity, it may speak of "partial communion" between it and the other Church.

The communion of saints is the relationship that, according to the belief of Christians, exists between them as people made holy by their link with Christ. This relationship is generally understood to mean not only those still in earthly life, but also to those who have gone past death to be "at home with the Lord" (2 Corinthians 5:8).

In a special way the term "communion" is applied to sharing in the Eucharist.

In the Bible, the Greek term "κοινωνία" is only used in the New Testament. It does not appear at all in the ancient Greek translation of the Old Testament known as the Septuagint. As a noun, or in its adjectival or verbal forms, it is found in 43 verses of the New Testament. In addition, the noun is found in some manuscripts (used for producing the English translation known as the King James Version, but not for more recent translations) in Ephesians 3:9.

The word is applied, according to the context, to communion, sharing or fellowship with:


Renewable resource

A renewable resource is a resource which can be used repeatedly and replaced naturally. Renewable energy almost never runs out, for example: solar energy is powered by heat from the sun and never runs out. Other examples include oxygen, geothermal power, fresh water, solar energy and biomass. 

Gasoline, coal, natural gas, diesel, plastics and other fossil fuels are not renewable. They take millions of years to be made, and cannot be renewed in a human’s, or even a nation's lifetime. Ways have been developed to make biodegradable plastic and bio diesel and other fuels from renewable resources such as corn, sugar cane, soybeans and canola.
Renewable resource harvesting and use typically do not produce pollution or contribute to global warming. The use of renewable resources and energy sources is increasing worldwide, with certain nations, such as Bhutan, and US states, such as California, beginning to rely entirely on renewable energy. From 2008 to 2012, the U.S. doubled renewable generation from wind, solar, and geothermal sources. America and Britain are now home to some of the largest wind and solar farms in the world. There are also things called human resource where human’s waste is turned into energy. There are many other resources such as water power. Renewable resources are basically the opposite of non-renewable resources.


Derek Taylor

Derek Taylor (7 May 1932 – 7 September 1997) was an English journalist and author. He spent most of his career covering popular music and celebrity news. He had a long association with rock band The Beatles, serving at different times as their . He was also a to The Beatles manager Brian Epstein, and co-wrote a with guitarist George Harrison.

In the mid-1960s, Taylor lived with his family in Los Angeles, California, and had his own agency. His clients included The Byrds and The Beach Boys. He also gave Harry Nilsson's career a boost, when he sent copies of Nilsson's album "Pandemonium Shadow Show" to important members of the music industry, including the Beatles. Taylor died of cancer on 7 September 1997.

Hot chocolate

Hot chocolate, also known as hot cocoa or drinking chocolate, is a hot drink. It is usually made by mixing chocolate or cocoa powder, sugar, and usually a sweetener. Hot chocolate may be topped with whipped cream or marshmallows. Hot chocolate is usually drunk to make the drinker feel happier or warmer. Some studies have shown that hot chocolate may be healthy because of antioxidants that are in cocoa. Until the 1800s, hot chocolate was also used by doctors as a medicinal drink.

It is believed that the hot chocolate drink was first made by the Mayan people about 2,000 years ago. Another cocoa drink was made by the Aztecs by 1400 . The drink became popular in Europe after being brought from Mexico, and has changed a lot since then. Today, hot chocolate is used around the world. It comes in many different types such as the very thick "cioccolata densa" in Italy, and the thinner hot cocoa that is usually drunk in the United States.

Chocolate is made from cocoa, the dried and partly fermented seeds of the cacao tree ("Theobroma cacao"). The cacao tree is a small (4–8 m (15–26 ft.) tall) pine tree found in the deep tropical areas of the Americas. New studies show that the most found type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin. It was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America to farm. Early kinds of another type have also been found in what is now Venezuela. The scientific name, "theobroma", means "food of the gods". The fruit, called a cacao pod, is shaped like an oval, 15–30 cm (6–12 in.) long and 8–10 cm (3–4 in.) wide. It gets ripe from yellow to orange, and weighs about 500 g (1 lb) when ripe.

The first known use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras. It was used there around 1100 An early Classic Period (460–480 ) Mayan grave from Río Azul, Guatemala, had cups with the Mayan words for cacao on them with traces of an old chocolate drink. The Maya are usually given credit for making the first chocolate drink over 2,000 years ago. The drink would be changed even more in Europe.
To make the drink, the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste and mixed it with water, cornmeal, chile peppers, and spices. They then poured the drink back and forth from a cup to a pot until a foam was created. The drink was served cold. Maya of all social classes could get the drink, but the rich drank chocolate from fancy vessels or cups.

By the 1400s, the Aztecs took over a large part of Mesoamerica, and took cacao into their culture. They thought of chocolate with Xochiquetzal, the goddess of pregnancy. They also used chocolate drinks as sacrifices to gods. The Aztec kind of the drink was bitter and spicy, and was called "xocolatl". It was made a lot like the Mayan chocolate drinks. Vanilla, chile pepper, and achiote were added to the drink, and it was believed to fight tiredness, which is because of the theobromine content, a mood enhancer. Because cacao would not grow in central Mexico and had to be brought into the empire, chocolate was an important luxury good in the Aztec empire. Because of this, cocoa beans were used as money.

The first time Europeans saw chocolate was in the 16th century when Montezuma (who was ruler of the Aztec then) showed "xocolatl" to Hernán Cortés, a Spanish conquistador. What the Spanish then called "chocolatl" was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold. Montezuma's rulers have been said to drink about 2000 cups of "xocolatl" per day, 50 of which were drank by Montezuma himself.

Because sugar had not come to the Americas, "xocolatl" was said to be something that one did not like in the beginning. The drink tasted spicy and bitter, unlike today's hot chocolate. As to when "xocolatl" was first made warm, sources are not sure about when and by whom. However, Jose de Acosta, a Spanish Jesuit missionary who lived in Peru and then Mexico in the later 16th century, described "xocolatl" as a drink with a bitter taste that the natives liked a lot.

After defeating Montezuma’s warriors and taking the Aztec's riches, Cortés went back to Spain in 1528. He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment. At this time, chocolate still was only the bitter drink made by the Mayans. Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were not made yet.

After coming to Europe, the drink slowly got popularity. The court of King Charles V soon began drinking it, and what was then only called "chocolate" became a popular drink with the Spanish upper class. Also, cocoa was given as a gift when the Spanish Royal Family married other royalty. Then, chocolate cost a lot in Europe because the cacao beans only grew in South America.

The first shipment of chocolate to Europe for sale purposes was a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585. It was still a drink, but the Europeans added sugar to sweeten it, and took out the chili pepper. They also added vanilla, cinnamon, and other spices. Sweet hot chocolate was then made, making hot chocolate a luxury item with the European royalty in the 17th century. Even when the first Chocolate house (a store like a coffee shop now) opened in 1657, the drink still cost a lot. A pound cost 50 to 75 pence (between 50 and US$75 now).

In the late 1600s, Hans Sloane, president of the Royal College of Physicians, went to Jamaica. There, he tried chocolate and did not like it, but found it was better with milk. When he came back to England, he brought the recipe with him, bringing milk chocolate to Europe.

In 1828, Coenraad Johannes van Houten made the first cocoa powder making machine in the Netherlands. The press took apart the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds, leaving a chocolate powder behind. This powder—like the cocoa powder used now—was easier to stir into milk and water, and led to solid chocolate. By using cocoa powder and a little bit of cocoa butter, bar chocolate was then able to be made. The term "chocolate" then came to mean solid chocolate, instead of hot chocolate.

Today, hot chocolate is used around the world. However, there are two main styles of the drink.

The words "hot chocolate" and "hot cocoa" are sometimes used instead of each other, but there is actually a difference between the two. "Hot cocoa" is made from a mix of cocoa, sugar and ingredients, all powdered, to make the drink thick without cocoa butter. "Hot chocolate" is made right from bars of chocolate, which has cocoa, sugar and cocoa butter in it. The biggest difference between the two is the cocoa butter, which makes hot cocoa have less fat than hot chocolate, so it is better for one's health.

Hot chocolate can be made with dark, semisweet, or bittersweet chocolate. It is cut into small pieces and stirred into milk with sugar. American hot cocoa powder can be made with powdered milk so it can be made without milk. In the United Kingdom, "hot chocolate" is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water, and powder with chocolate, sugar, and powdered milk. "Cocoa" usually means a similar drink made with just hot milk and cocoa powder, then made sweeter with sugar.

In the United States, the drink is most popular in powdered or crushed form. It is made with hot water or milk. This is the thinner of the two main types. It is very sweet and often is served with marshmallows, whipped cream, or a piece of solid chocolate. European hot chocolate first came to the U.S. as early as the 1600s by the Dutch, but the first time colonists began selling hot chocolate was around 1755. Hot chocolate is usually drank in cold weather and winter in the United States. It is not taken with meals very often.

In Mexico, hot chocolate is still popular. Besides the instant powder form, Mexican hot chocolate uses semi-sweet chocolate, cinnamon, sugar and vanilla. Hot chocolate of this type is often sold in tablets or bars which can be put into hot milk, water or cream. It is then mixed until the drink gets a creamy foam. Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is often served with a variety of Mexican breads or pastries called "pan dulce" ("sweet bread") and churros.

In Europe, most kinds of hot chocolate are very thick. This is because they are made from pure chocolate. In the United Kingdom, hot chocolate is usually thinner. As Europe was where hot chocolate was first made popular, there are many different types.

Among the thick types of hot chocolate served in Europe is the Italian "cioccolata densa". German types are also known for being very thick and heavy. Hot chocolate and churros is the normal working-man's breakfast in Spain. This style of hot chocolate can be very thick, often being like warm chocolate pudding.

There are even more types of thick hot chocolate in Europe. Some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe serve a ""warme chocolade"" or ""chocolat chaud"". This is a cup of heated milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to put in the milk. In England, some kinds of powdered drinks are as thick as pure chocolate kinds.

Even though hot chocolate is usually drunk for enjoyment, it can also be good for the health. Hot chocolate has a lot of antioxidants that may be good for the health. From the 16th to 19th centuries, hot chocolate was used as a medicine and a drink. Explorer Francisco Hernández wrote that chocolate drinks helped fever and diseases of the liver. Another explorer, Santiago de Valverde Turices, thought that large amounts of hot chocolate were good for fixing chest problems, and small amounts could help stomach problems. When chocolate first came to France in the 17th century, it was used "to fight against fits of anger and bad moods". This may be because of a chemical that makes a person's mood better in chocolate.

There are also some health effects which are not good. Hot chocolate has a lot of calories, saturated fat, and sugar. Caffeine from the cocoa in hot chocolate can cause bad effects.
There is evidence that the caffeine causes a mild addiction to the drink.


Diuretic

A diuretic is a type of chemical substance that increases production of urine. This substance is either in a herb (such as dandelions), or it has been separated and made into a drug. Diuretics increase the amount of urine that is secreted from the body. Diuretics are used as a treatment for heart failure, liver cirrhosis, hypertension and certain problems with the kidneys. Diuretics are often abused by people suffering form bulimia nervosa as a way to lose weight. 

Well-known substances that have diuretic properties are tea,coffee and alcohol. 


The Byrds

The Byrds were a popular folk rock band, from California. Their members included Jim McGuinn (who later changed his name to Roger), David Crosby, Gene Clark, Chris Hillman and Michael Clarke. Later band members included Gram Parsons, Clarence White, and Gene Parsons.

The Byrds pioneered folk rock, a blend of folk music with rock and roll. Many of their songs were remakes of Bob Dylan's songs, such as "Mr. Tambourine Man", which was their first hit in 1965. They recorded a bright, uplifting version of "Turn, Turn, Turn", which had been adapted by Pete Seeger from Ecclesiastes in the Bible. Other songs were written by band members.

The Byrds recorded "So You Wanna Be a Rock'N'Roll Star?" about the Monkees, not liking the star-making machinery that made the Monkees famous overnight. McGuinn later said the song was about the pop music business, not the Monkees. They softened their opinions, though, once they'd met the band and saw they had real talent. Members of the Byrds played on Monkees recording sessions, and the later band Crosby, Stills & Nash was formed partly from meetings at Peter Tork's house.

One Byrds song, "You Showed Me", became a hit for The Turtles late in 1968. The Byrds's lineup changed many times, and after the last new lineup disbanded in 1972, the original members reunited to record an album, titled "Byrds".



Meningitis

Meningitis is an infection of certain membranes and tissues of the nervous system. Those are called meninges (singular: meninx). Their function is to protect the central nervous system. Most often, this infection is caused by microorganisms, like viruses, bacteria, fungi or parasites. The most common cause of meningitis are viruses, followed by bacteria. Meningitis is a life-threatening condition. It affects all age groups.

Some kinds of meningitis are very easy to spread. For this reason, in certain countries, like Germany, doctors have to tell the authorities that someone might have meningitis.

Some signs of meningitis can be: high fever, sometimes with chills; very strong headache; nauseas and vomiting; drowsiness or confusion; twitching; sleepiness; sore throat; delirium (especially in children); seizures; and stiff neck (in less than 50% of the cases, but may be a telltale sign).

The two main forms of meningitis are bacterial meningitis and viral meningitis. In bacterial meningitis, most patients die without treatment, whereas in viral meningitis most patients get better on their own. Herpes virus meningitis may respond to an antiviral drug.



Mental confusion

Mental confusion (often simply called confusion) is a symptom. People suffering from it have problems finding their way around in the world. They have troubles remembering who they are, where they are, or what time (or day of the week) it is. Additionally, they may have trouble remembering things or memorizing new things. This may be linked to problems focusing their attention. Confusion can also be a sign of someone being sick with various illnesses when it's coupled with things like fever, chills, or exhaustion.

Confusion can be caused by many different medical problems.

There are both acute and chronic causes of confusion.

Acute causes of confusion usually come on suddenly, and doctors may be able to fix some of them.

In medicine, the acronym "AEIOU-TIPS" is used to remember the most common causes of confusion that comes on suddenly (over hours or days, not years):

Confusion can also happen when the brain is not getting enough blood and oxygen. For example, this can happen because of:

Chronic causes of confusion usually come on less suddenly and last for a long time (months or years). For example:

Lick It Up

Lick It Up is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1983.


Wesleyan University

Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts university in Middletown, Connecticut. It was founded by Methodist leaders and the people of Middletown in 1831. The university was the first college or university to be named after John Wesley, the founder of Methodism. Wesleyan is one of the three small New England colleges that make up the "Little Three" (or the "Little Ivies"): the others are Amherst and Williams Colleges.

Wesleyan was founded as an all-male Methodist college in 1831. In 1872 it became one of the first American colleges to let female students attend. Some of Wesleyan's male alumni did not think that letting women go to the school was a good thing. They believed that it made Wesleyan look bad. Wesleyan stopped letting women got there and from 1912 to 1970 Wesleyan operated as an all-male college. Wesleyan began letting women attend again in 1970. At that time many females had gone to the all-female Connecticut College in nearby New London, Connecticut.


Ben 10

Ben 10 is an American animated television series created by The Man of Action Studios. The first episode was shown on December 27, 2005 on Cartoon Network. The main character, Ben Tennyson, is a ten-years old boy who can turn himself into many different aliens including 10 original aliens. Ben and his rival girl cousin named Gwen are on summer with their grandpa, Max Tennyson. The main villains are Vilgax, Kevin Levin and occasionally Charmcaster and the Forever Knights.


Karol Szymanowski

Karol Maciej Szymanowski (6 October 1882 - 29 March 1937) was a Polish composer. Next to Frederic Chopin, Karol was Poland's most famous composer. He is one of the greatest Polish composers of the first half of the 20th century.

Szymanowski was born on his family's estate in Tymoszówka in what is today Ukraine. He studied in Berlin and Warsaw.

His music can be divided into three phases.

Early works before World War I showed his repertoire for the works of Frederic Chopin, Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss.

The second phase is influenced by the Orient and Mediterranean cultures. His music during this phase resulted in many of his best known compositions.

The third phase began in 1921. It has much that is similar to Polish folk themes. This work defined Polish themed music and is thought to include his greatest works. Initially, his music was not well accepted in Poland.

The works of Szymanowski include four symphonies, two violin concertos, the operas "Hagith" and "King Roger", the ballet-pantomime "Harnasie", the oratorio "Stabat Mater", as well as many piano, violin, vocal and choral compositions. His most popular works was his ballet "Harnasie" and opera "King Roger". "Harnasie" was first shown in Prague and later shown at the Paris Opera. It was received with acclamation and enthusiasm, both by critics and the public. Health and financial problems brought his work to an end in 1934. Szymanowski died after a short stay in a sanatorium in Lausanne, Switzerland.


He died of tuberculosis in Lausanne, Switzerland on 28 March 1937. He was buried on 7 April 1937 at the cemetery for the Polish nobles, in Pauline in Krakow.

Animalize

Animalize is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 13, 1984.

Eubie Blake

Eubie Blake (February 7, 1883 or 1887 - February 12, 1983) was an American pianist and composer. There is some confusion about his birth date. During the latter part of his life he had said that he was born in 1883. However, recently released documents - the 1900 United States census, his World War 1 draft card, his Social Security registration and his passport registration - all say that he was born in 1887. People saying they were born earlier than they actually were ("back dating") was common with musicians from that time. Jelly Roll Morton is another well known example of this. Blake also said that he composed his "Charleston Rag" in 1899. If this was true, he would have been 12 years old at the time. There is no evidence he was composing at that age or at that time. People who study ragtime believe this may be another case of "backdating". Blake was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Television director

A television director directs the activities involved in making a television program. He or she is part of a television crew. A television director is different from a movie director. In television the producer usually has creative control. In movies, the director has creative control. Most television directors specialize in directing one type of television program.

A television director has a complex job that includes approving scripts, setting up camera shots, laying out scenes and deciding on lighting. The director is responsible for directing of live broadcasts, filming programs, post-production editing and mixing. A director also supervises the technical crew. 

A director's duties can be very different depending on the type of program. For example a drama recorded in a studio is different from a live event outside the studio. In a dramatic arts production, the television director's job can be similar to that of a movie director. A director gives cues to actors and directs the camera placement and movement. Often, in a television series, different directors will work on different episodes.



Roseanne

Roseanne is an American television sitcom. It was shown on ABC from 1988 to 1997. It stars comedian Roseanne Barr. The series is about a working-class family living in fictional city of Lanford, Illinois. For many years, "Roseanne" was more truthful than other series of the time in how it showed family life. They dealt with tough subjects, for example poverty, alcoholism, narcotics, sex, first menstrual periods, masturbation, obesity, feminism, domestic violence, nudity and homosexuality. Another important thing in the series was Roseanne's control in raising her children. Her husband Dan (John Goodman) felt as though he had no say in their house. "Roseanne" was important for women because it was one of the first series to put an overweight, powerful, yet smart woman as the main character.

The series had very high viewing figures from its start. It spent its first six seasons in the top five of the Nielsen ratings. During the seventh season the series dropped some in ratings, but still stayed in the top 10 of the Nielsen ratings. However, during its ninth, and final season, the show's ratings dropped much and had fallen out of the top thirty.

Season 10 aired from March 27–May 22, 2018. On March 30, an eleventh season was ordered.

However, on May 29, 2018, the show was cancelled by ABC after Barr tweeted a message about Valerie Jarrett (an aide to President Barack Obama) that was viewed as racist. Barr wrote:

Comedienne and actress Wanda Sykes, a consulting producer of the reboot, resigned before the show's cancellation due to the tweet.

Veronica Mars

Veronica Mars is an American teen drama/mystery-neo-noir series set in Southern California. It was first shown on UPN on September 22, 2004. The series was shown for its first two seasons on the UPN before moving to The CW Television Network on October 3, 2006. The show stars Kristen Bell as Veronica Mars: a student who also works as a private investigator with the help of her detective father. The series is said to be "a little bit Buffy and a little bit Bogart". The series has murder mystery, high school and college drama with sarcasm and strange humor.

The show starts with Veronica and her friends in high school. It follows them to college in later seasons of the series.

Game Gear

The is a handheld video game system made by the Sega Corporation. It was released in Japan in 1990, and then released later in Europe, the United States and Australia.

The Game Gear has a colour screen, a speaker, and needs six AA batteries (for 4 hours of play-time) to run. It is bigger and costs more money than the Nintendo Game Boy. It also uses more electric power than the Game Boy, so the Game Gear's batteries must be replaced more often.

There are special add-ons for the Game Gear, such as a TV-Tuner that allows people to watch television on it.

Notes

God the Father

God the Father is a title for God in the Christian religion; however, for believers of the Trinity, God the Father is only viewed as the first person of the Trinity, who along with the Son and the Holy Spirit are of the same essence, share the same qualities, and are each fully God.

God is known as the Father because of his unending care for humanity, just like a father would care for his dependent children, and as our father and creator, he responds to his children so he can have a relationship with us. Through prayer, you can grow a relationship with Him.

Even though the term "Father" itself is masculine, God is understood to have the form of a spirit without any human biological gender as he is a being beyond our understanding. Catechism of the Catholic Church No. 239 specifically states that ""God is neither man nor woman: he is God"". Even though God is never directly called "Mother" in the Bible, in the Book of Isaiah there are many verses where God is shown to have motherly attributes, such as: , or .

Christians who believe in the Trinity believe that God the Father is not a separate being or god from the other members of the Trinity; instead, they are distinct persons who are of the same essence and share the same qualities; because of this, the Son and Holy Spirit are no less "God" than the Father. According to Eastern Orthodox theology, God the Father is the "arche" or "principium" ("beginning"), the "source" or "origin" of both the Son and the Holy Spirit, and is considered the eternal source of the Godhead. The Father is the one who eternally begets the Son, and the Father, through the Son, eternally breathes the Holy Spirit.
There are groups that do not believe in the Trinity and have different views.

Followers of Mormonism believe in the Godhead, which is a divine council of three distinct "beings": Elohim (the Father), Jehovah (the Son, Jesus Christ), and the Holy Spirit. Elohim and Jehovah have perfected physical bodies, while the Holy Spirit has a body of spirit. Mormons believe that instead of sharing the same essence, each person is their own being; Elohim created Jehovah and the Holy Spirit and is greater in authority and power than them, while they are united in purpose (this heresy is called Subordinationism). 

Mormons believe that God the Father has a spouse called the Heavenly Mother, and together they are the Heavenly Parents; that God the Father is one of the many gods out there in the universe, and there are gods greater than him; that he isn't the creator of the universe and created a few planets through Jehovah but created them with existing materials and not "ex nihilo"; and that he was once a human who was tested just like us, and because of his obedience to his god, he became one.



Kevin Smith

Kevin Patrick Smith (born August 2, 1970) is an American screenwriter, movie director and the founder of View Askew Productions. He is also known as a comic book writer and actor. Smith's movies often take place in his home state of New Jersey. The movies are filled with pop culture references. Many of the references are about comic books and the "Star Wars" movies. They often take place in the View Askewniverse.

Smith was born in Red Bank, New Jersey to Grace and Donald Smith. He has an older sister, Virginia, and an older brother, Donald Jr. Smith was raised in the Catholic religion. He went to Henry Hudson Regional High School in Highlands, The New School for Social Research New York and the Vancouver movie School. Smith studied making movies but dropped out halfway through his studies.

Smith is married to Jennifer Schwalbach Smith. They have a daughter, Harley Quinn Smith, born in 1999. He named his daughter after Harley Quinn, a comic-book character from "".

On February 25, 2018 he suffered a non-fatal "massive heart attack" with 100% blockage of the left anterior descending artery.








Nicene Creed

The Nicene Creed, Niceno-Constantinopolitan Creed or Icon/Symbol of the Faith, is the most widespread or ecumenical Christian statement of faith.

Since its original formulation it continues to be used in the Roman Catholic, Syrian Orthodox (Jacobite), Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, Assyrian, Anglican, Lutheran, and most other Protestant Churches.
The following table displays side by side the earlier (325) and later (381) forms of this Creed in the English translation given in Schaffs Creeds of Christendom, which indicates by brackets the portions of the 325 text that were omitted or moved in 381, but uses no typographical mark to indicate what phrases, absent in the 325 text, were added in 381.

The following table presents in the same way the texts of the two Councils, as given in the original Greek language on the Web site Symbolum Nicaeno-Constantinopolitanum - Greek: 

There were certain problems with the Nicene creed. In 529, the so-called filioque clause was added to the creed. This clause is one of the main differences between the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Catholic Church has this clause, the Eastern Orthodox Church does not. The clause tells how the Son is connected to the Holy Spirit. Where the original Nicene Creed reads "We believe in the Holy Spirit ... who proceeds from the Father", the altered, Roman Catholic version reads "We believe in the Holy Spirit ... who proceeds from the Father "and the Son"". Roman Catholic Christians accept this change, but Eastern Orthodox Christians reject it. Many Eastern Catholic churches (Eastern in liturgy but in full communion with the pope) do not use the clause in their creed. They do think the doctrine it represents is true, though, as this is a dogma of the Roman Catholic faith. Many Protestant churches who take a position in this matter, usually accept the "filioque".

After the East-West Schism of 1054, the Eastern and Western churches attempted to reunite at two separate medieval councils, and the filioque was an issue at each. Despite Greek concessions, neither the Second Council of Lyon (1274) nor the Council of Ferrera-Florence (1438 - 1535) achieved the desired union.

The clause is most often referred to as "the "filioque"" or simply "filioque".




Apostles' Creed

The Apostles' Creed (Latin: "Symbolum Apostolorum"), sometimes titled Symbol of the Apostles, is an early statement of Christian belief, a creed or "symbol."

It is commonly used by many Christian denominations, during religious ceremonies and as a summary of Christian beliefs. It is most commonly used during ceremonies at churches of Western tradition, including the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, Lutheranism, the Anglican Communion, and Western Orthodoxy. It is also used by evangelical Protestant denominations such as Presbyterians, Methodists, Congregationalists, and many Baptists.

The Creed is named the Apostles' Creed because it is made of twelve articles. People believed that after Pentecost, God inspired each of Jesus' Twelve Apostles to write one article.

Many hypotheses exist about when and how the Apostles' Creed was created.
Many suppose it comes from "the Old Roman Symbol" of the 1st or 2nd century, and was influenced later by the Nicene Creed (325/381).

This creed seems to have been made as an argument against Gnosticism. Gnosticism was a heresy in the early days of the Church. Gnostics believed things that were very different than what the Catholic Church taught. The Apostles' Creed, and other creeds, were made to be like examples of Catholic teachings, and to defend Catholic beliefs.This can be seen in almost every phrase. For example, the creed states that Christ was born, suffered, and died on the cross. This seems to be an argument against Gnostic beliefs, which said that Christ only seemed to become a man, and that he did not truly suffer and die, but only seemed like he did.

Because it was written very early in history, it does not talk about some issues that later Christian creeds, like the Nicene Creed, brought up. This makes it acceptable to many Arians and Unitarians.

For more information on the origin of the Apostles' Creed, see the detailed discussion in the "Catholic Encyclopedia".

"Credo in Deum Patrem omnipotentem, Creatorem caeli et terrae. Et in Iesum Christum, Filium Eius unicum, Dominum nostrum, qui conceptus est de Spiritu Sancto, natus ex Maria Virgine, passus sub Pontio Pilato, crucifixus, mortuus, et sepultus, descendit ad ínferos, tertia die resurrexit a mortuis, ascendit ad caelos, sedet ad dexteram Dei Patris omnipotentis, inde venturus est iudicare vivos et mortuos. Credo in Spiritum Sanctum, sanctam Ecclesiam catholicam, sanctorum communionem, remissionem peccatorum, carnis resurrectionem, vitam aeternam. Amen."

 ("Triglot Concordia", St. Louis: Concordia Publishing House, 1921, p. 12)

The English version in the "Catechism of the Catholic Church" keeps the tradition of dividing the Creed into twelve articles:

In the Church of England there are currently two authorized forms of the creed. One is in the "Book of Common Prayer" (1662). The other is in "Common Worship" (2000).

Book of Common Prayer

Common Worship

The United Methodists commonly include the Apostles' Creed in their worship services. Their version of the Creed is special because it does not have the line "he descended into hell." Except for this, it is very similar to the version in the "Book of Common Prayer".

The "United Methodist Hymnal" also contains (at #882) what it calls the "Ecumenical Version" of the Creed. This version is identical to the one in the Episcopal Church's current "Book of Common Prayer". This form of the Apostles' Creed is included in the "Hymnal" to be used during the Eucharist and baptisms. Because of this, it is getting more popular.

The English Language Liturgical Consultation (ELLC) is an international group whose goal is to provide texts that can be used and accepted by people of any Christian denomination. In 1988, it created a translation of the Apostles' Creed. One major change in this version is that it does not use the word "his" when talking about God. The text is as follows: 




Matcha

Matcha (pronounce: "MA-cha") also spelt maccha (Japanese: 抹茶), is a fine, powdered green tea. It is used in Japanese tea ceremony and for dying and flavouring foods such as mochi and soba noodles, green tea ice cream and different types of "wagashi" (Japanese confectionery). The most famous Matcha-producing regions are Uji in Kyoto (tea from this region is called "Ujicha"), Nishio in Aichi (tea from this region is called "Nishiocha") both on the main island of Honshū; Shizuoka, and Kyushu.

Matcha costs more money than other kinds of tea. Its price depends on its quality (how good it is). It can be hard to find outside Japan, and also the special things that are used to make it and drink it.

Powdered tea, stored and traded as tea bricks, seems to have been invented in China during the Song Dynasty (960-1279). Making and drinking powdered tea was formed into a ritual (special ceremony) by the Chan Buddhists. These Buddhists use to drink from the same bowl as a sacrament.
Chan Buddhism (also known in Japanese as Zen), and powdered tea, were brought to Japan in 1191 by the monk Eisai. Powdered tea was slowly forgotten in China, but the 16th century tea master Sen no Rikyu made the rules of the Japanese tea ceremony. He said that "matcha" was the correct tea to use.

The preparation of "matcha" starts several weeks before harvest. At that time, the tea bushes are covered so that they do not get direct sunlight. This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green. It also causes amino acids to be made, and these make the tea taste sweeter.

After harvesting, if the leaves are rolled out before drying as usual, the result will be "gyokuro" (jewel dew) tea. However, if the leaves are laid out flat to dry, they will crumble and become known as "tencha" (). "Tencha" can then be de-veined, de-stemmed, and ground (pressed) with a stone until it becomes the fine, bright green, talc-like powder known as "matcha".

Only ground "tencha" can be called "matcha": other powdered teas are known as "konacha" (, lit. "powdered tea").

Nearly all the flavour of matcha comes from the amino acids. The best matcha has more sweetness and a deeper flavour than the normal grades of tea harvested later in the year.

The way that watcha is graded depends on several things:

Leaves that are going to be made into tencha have to come from certain parts of the tree.

The very top of the tree has developing leaves that are soft and supple. This gives a finer texture to higher grades. More developed leaves are harder, giving lower grades a sandy texture. The better flavour is due to the tree sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves.

Chlorophyll's relationship to tannin is also important. Younger growth is greener and stronger in colour, while more developed leaves farther down the plant have had their chlorophyll changed gradually into tannin, which gives a more bitter flavour and duller brown-green colour.

Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are always kept away from direct sunlight. However, these days, drying has mostly moved indoors. Quality matcha is very green because of this treatment.

Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well. Without the right tools and technique, matcha can become "burnt" and is not such good quality.

Matcha must be kept away from oxygen. Oxidation smells like hay and affects colour and texture.

Before it is served, the matcha is often forced through a sieve in order to break up clumps. There are special sieves available for this purpose. These sieves are usually made of stainless steel and combine a fine wire mesh sieve and a temporary storage container. A special wooden spatula is used to force the tea through the sieve, or a small, smooth stone may be put on top of the sieve and shaken gently.

If the sieved matcha is to be served at a Japanese tea ceremony, then it will be put into a small tea caddy called a chaki. Otherwise, it can be poured directly from the sieve into a tea bowl.

A small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl, traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a "chashaku", and a small amount of hot (not boiling) water is added. The mixture is then whisked until it is all the same consistency (thickness). This is traditionally done with a special kind of whisk made of bamboo known as a "chasen". There must be no lumps left in the liquid. Ideally no ground tea should remain on the sides of the bowl.

"Usucha", or thin tea, is prepared with half a teaspoon of matcha and about 75 ml (2.5 oz) of hot water. Some drinkers (and schools of tea ceremony) prefer to whip the mixture to produce a light frothy "head," while others prefer as little foam as possible. Schools also vary on the amount of water and matcha. "Usucha" makes a lighter and slightly more bitter tea.

"Koicha", or thick tea, needs much more matcha, as many as six teaspoons to 3/4 cup of water. Because the mixture is much thicker, blending it needs a slower, stirring movement which does not produce foam. Koicha produces a sweeter tea, and is almost always only served as part of Japanese tea ceremonies. Special chasen made for this purpose are often used.

Because matcha can be bitter, it is traditionally served with a small Japanese sweet.

Matcha is now a common ingredient in sweets. It is used in castella, manju, and monaka; as a topping for kakigori; mixed with milk and sugar as a drink; and mixed with salt and used to flavour tempura in a mixture known as matcha-jio. It is also used as flavouring in many Western-style chocolates, candy, and desserts, such as cakes and pastries (including Swiss rolls and cheesecake), cookies, pudding, mousse, and ice cream. Even the Japanese snack Pocky has a matcha-flavoured version.

The use of matcha in modern drinks has also spread to North American café culture. Here, as in Japan, it is put into lattés, iced drinks, milkshakes, and smoothies, as well as alcoholic drinks.

People now realize that green tea and matcha are good for the health. This is why in North America it can be found in a lot of health food products such as cereal and energy bars.

In 2003, researchers at the University of Colorado found that the concentration of the antioxidant EGCG contained in matcha is 3 times higher than in other commercially available green teas.

Asylum (album)

Asylum is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 16, 1985.


Green tea

The drink green tea () is a "true" tea. It comes from the plant species "Camellia sinensis". Green tea is a tea that has undergone little oxidation while it was processed. Green tea is popular in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, and the Middle East. Recently it has been drunk more widely in the West, where usually black tea is consumed.

In the Kamakura period, a Buddhist monk, Eisai (1141–1215), and his follower, Dogen, first brought tea "(maccha)" to Japan. He had learned about tea on a visit to China. Eisai taught people to grow the tea plants, and how to prepare the tea leaves. People drank tea for its benefit as a medicine rather than as a refreshment. Tea-drinking gradually spread as part of Zen Buddhism. The tea ceremony was part of the training for mental discipline. Green tea kept the mind pure and relaxed, an effect caused by the caffeine in the tea. The custom of drinking tea gradually spread throughout Japan.

In the Muromachi period, tea tasting competitions were popular. People also gambled on these competitions. Zen Buddhist master, Juko Murata (1422–1502) stopped these competitions. He broke with the grand tradition, and developed a small ceremony performed around the tatami mat. The tea ceremony was perfected afterward in the Azuchimomoyama era by Jou Takeno and Sen no Rikyu (1522–1591). They removed all extra movements and unnecessary decoration and objects from the tea room. The idea, based on Zen, was to concentrate your attention on the wealth inside your mind.

In the Edo period, the tea ceremony spread out to the public, and it became an artistic accomplishment. Therefore, "to draw out the beauty from inside the person's heart" which was its original purpose came to be emphasized. The words "和敬清寂 (Wa Kei Sei Jaku)" meaning harmony, respect, purity and tranquility, are the basis of the tea ceremony. Wa, harmony, is shown by sharing the tea between the host and the guest. Kei, respect, is shown by accepting and sharing with others. Sei, purity, is treating yourself and others openly. Jaku, tranquility, is the feeling of stillness in the ceremony. Modern tea ceremonies, which last for four hours, are still based on these ideas.

In the Meiji period, the tea ceremony died out for while. They were restarted when it was added in a kind of education for girls. The ceremony also changed to being beautiful and gorgeous.

Nowadays, green tea is spreading all over the world, but it seems to be drunk with sugar in some countries because it tastes bitter.

Green tea seems to lower heart disease expectancy.

The different substances contained in green tea also seem to help against cancer, low bone density, cognitive function and kidney stones.

Green tea contains ascorbic acid, and different minerals, such as chromium, manganese, selenium or zinc. It is a better antioxidant than black tea. Black tea contains certain substances which cannot be found in common green tea, such as theaflavin.

Studies done on animals have shown that it can reduce cholesterol. Trials done on humans have not confirmed this effect, however. In 2003 a randomized clinical trial found that a green tea extract with added theaflavin from black tea could reduce cholesterol.

In a study performed at Birmingham (UK) University, it was shown that average fat oxidation rates were 17% higher after drinking of green tea extract than after a placebo was used.

In a recent study of the eating habits of 2,018 women, consumption of mushrooms and green tea was linked to a 90% lower occurrence of breast cancer.

Tatami

Tatami were originally a luxury item for the rich at a time when lower classes had mat-covered dirt floors. Tatami were gradually popularized. They finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century.

Japanese people have used "tatami" since the Nara Era (710-794). They were knitted and became thicker like modern "tatami". People who lived in the Heian Era stepped onto "tatami" to show their power and they spread the "tatami" only in a necessary part of the room.

The use of "tatami" was a little different from now. The "shoin" style of traditional Japanese residential architecture began in the Kamakura Era. During this time, people stopped spreading "tatami" around the room and placing them in the middle. They started to spread "tatami" through the room. People decided to spread "tatami" by the hearth and sit erect with their legs folded under.

"Tatami" has been changing together with people's life style. "Tatami" became common for people in the middle of the Edo Era. Farmers started to use them in the Meiji Era. The removal of "tatami" regulation made them more common in the Meiji Era. Japanese people often dry the "tatami". If the "tatami"'s surface was discolored, people often turned them over. With the economic growth after World War Two people started to use chairs and carpets. Japanese people think flooring is not relaxing or soundproof enough, so people still use "tatami" now.

"Tatami" is made with a rush plant, "igusa". Rush is planted in the rice fields in August. The seedlings are dug out in November, and a good seedling is chosen. The chosen seedlings are planted in the rice fields again in December. By the end of June to the middle of July, the high-quality rush grows up to about one meter tall and it will be harvested the next year.

The rush should be dry after harvesting, and keep the peculiar smell and the color of the rush. The rush is selected according to length and the thickness, and it is checked for bruising. 

After the harvest ends, "tatami" is made. Because Japanese rooms are different sizes, "tatami" are made in different sizes. The base of the "tatami" is made first. "Tatami" is woven with a special machine. It similar to the weaving on a kimono. The next part is the wick of tatami, called "toko". When the "toko" is 40 centimeters or more thick, and the shape is straightened. The mat is complete, and that is called "mushiro". The "tatami" is complete when it is joined to the toko and the decoration on the mat edges are sewn.

"Igusa" is a perennial plant of the family of "igusa". "Igusa" smells good. It has a fresh, grassy smell. In English, they are called rushes. "Igusa" blooms from May through June. The plant grows up to a length of 100 centimeters or less. They grow in marshes where sunshine is good. In Japan, there are 30 kinds of "igusa" growing in many different areas.

"Tatami" is made from natural "igusa" that must be flexible from the root to the tip, and the thickness and the color varies slightly. About 4000 to 7000 "igusa" are used for the" tatami". Generally the best "tatami" uses more and longer "igusa" rushes.

There are many benefits in using "igusa" such as air purification, heat insulation, elasticity, cooling (especially in hot summer seasons), eco-friendly and sound absorbing qualities. "Igusa" "tatami" is also smooth to the touch, so it is comfortable for babies and young children. Most Japanese like "tatami". Many homes have at least one tatami room.

"Tatamiberi" is the cloth that covers the edge and also decorates the "tatami". Some "tatami" don’t have it. In English, it is called the mat edge. The width of "tatamiberi" is about three centimeters. The material on the "tatamiberi" is cotton yarn, a synthetic material string, and a gold thread. The features change according to what strings are combining with "tatamiberi". The woven color handle sets off the room. There are two types, and the atmosphere of the room changes by the "tatamiberi".

There are many kinds of "tatamiberi". But "tatamiberi" was used to show status. For example, the emperor, ministers, priests, and scholars had different styles. It was recorded in "Amanomokuzu" in 1420.

Japan has etiquette about "tatamiberi". Japanese are taught not to step on the "tatamiberi". It is easy to tear "tatamiberi" when stepping in the weakest part. Stepping on "tatamiberi" fades the color on the edge of cotton and hemp in the "tatami". Therefore, etiquette means "not to hurt the mat carelessly stepping when you visit another house, pay it attention". Also, family crests were embroidered on the "tatamiberi" in old times, too. Stepping on the family crest was taboo.


Sake

Sake (Japanese:酒; pronounced 'sa.kɛ' ) is a Japanese word for "alcoholic drink". In English, "sake" means one kind of alcoholic drink made from rice. In Japan, people call this drink nihonshu ( "Japanese alcohol") or "sake". This article uses the word "sake" as it is used in English.

Sake is a fermented drink. Most sake is made from rice, water, kōji, and yeast. Sometimes a small amount of lactic acid is used in brewing. Water or small amounts of pure alcohol can be added at the end of production. Sake can have from 12 to 22% alcohol, but is usually around 15 or 16%. Lower quality mass-produced sake can have added sugar or flavorings.

Sake is usually sold in bottles that are either 720ml or 1.8L. Drinkers or servers in a restaurant may pour small cups called "chokko" directly from the bottle. Sake is also served in smaller bottles called "tokkuri". A typical serving in a bar or restaurant is 180ml. People may share that amount. When drinking together, people often pour drinks for each other rather than for themselves.

Amazake is sweet, low or non-alcoholic sake. 


Majority

Majority means the greater number of something. The opposite is minority.

If more than half the people are right-handed we can say that the majority of people are right-handed.
A minority of people are left-handed.
In fact, nearly everyone is right-handed, so we can say that the "vast majority" are right-handed, and only a "small minority" are left-handed.

If a political party or candidate gets a majority of votes, it means that they get more than all the other parties together. In Plurality voting, they only get more than any one of the others. Thus if there are three parties, the winning party may have a plurality of 40% while the other two each have 30%. A "true majority" or "absolute majority" means more votes than all the other parties together, i.e. more than half the total votes.


Charles Koechlin

Charles Koechlin (pronounce:”Ke-klin” with “klin” to rhyme with French “vin”), (born Paris, November 27 1867; died Le Canadel, December 31 1950) was a French composer, teacher and writer on music. He wrote a very large amount of music, but very little of it was published because he was more interested in helping younger composers than making himself well-known. Some of his best works include his symphonic poems and his film music.

Koechlin was born in Paris, the youngest child of a large and rich family. His mother’s family came from the Alsace near the French border with Germany, and he was proud of his Alsatian background. His grandfather on his mother’s side had started a cotton textile firm in Mulhouse and his father worked in the textile business. When Koechlin was 14 his father died. He showed an interest in music, but his family wanted him to be an artillery officer. However, he had tuberculosis and had to spent six months getting better in Algeria. After finishing his schooling he was allowed to enter the Paris Conservatoire in 1890. Two years later he was studying composition with Massenet, and in 1896 he was a pupil of Gabriel Fauré. Ravel was a pupil in the same class. Fauré had a big influence on Koechlin who wrote a book about him and helped him to arrange some of his music for orchestra.

Koechlin became a freelance composer and teacher. He married Suzanne Pierrard in 1903 and they had five children. At first he was comfortably off, but after World War I the family lost a lot of money and they had to sell their country house.

Koechlin had very free views about music, and this is probably why he never got a teaching job at the Piano Conservatoire. He also agreed with some things that the Communists thought. He did not like modern inventions like the telephone and radio. He looked like an old Russian patriarch with his long beard. He dressed in velvet trousers, sandals and a shepherd’s cape for bad weather. He liked outdoor activities such as swimming and mountaineering. He was offered the Legion d’honneur in 1940 but refused it.

Koechlin composed in a variety of styles, even changing the style during a piece. He often liked quiet music with long chords which are played for the sounds they make rather than for giving the music a traditional shape. Sometimes there were no barlines in his music. He often composed in his head while on a train or climbing a mountain.

His works for orchestra include "Les Bandarlogs" which was based on the "Jungle Book" by Rudyard Kipling. Kipling’s “Bandarlog” are a troupe of monkeys in the forest. The music describes the monkeys, but Koechlin also gives it another meaning: he is criticising music critics, comparing them to monkeys. In the "Seven Stars Symphony" each movement is about a famous film star. They include Greta Garbo, Marlene Dietrich and Charlie Chaplin. He wrote a lot of chamber music and piano music, including some dances for Ginger Rogers.

Robert Orledge, "Charles Koechlin (1867-1950) His Life and Works" (London, 1989)

Jastrzębie-Zdrój

Jastrzębie-Zdrój is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 94,072 inhabitants and an area of 85,44 km².


Palm (unit)

A palm, when used as a unit of length, is usually four digits ("fingers") or three inches, i.e. 7.62 cm (for the international inch).

In English this unit is no longer in use as other units that are based on the human arm: digit (¼ palm), finger (7/24 palm), hand (4/3 palms), shaftment (2 palms), span (3 palms), cubit (6 palms) and ell (15 palms).

Schnapps

Schnapps is a type of distilled alcoholic drink. The word "schnapps" comes from the German word schnaps. 

Traditional German schnapps are usually clear alcoholic drinks which are distilled from fermented cereals, roots, and fruits. Traditional German schnapps has no sugar or other flavoring added. It is similar in look and flavor to vodka with light fruit flavors. The alcohol content is usually around 40%.

The other type of schnapps is American. This type of schnapps is a liqueur that has sugar and flavorings such as peach, mint, or butterscotch. The alcohol content of American schnapps is usually only about 20%, which is lower than German-style schnapps.

Standard time

Standard time is putting all clocks in a time zone to the same time.

Standard time can also be used to mean the time without daylight saving time. Standard time happens from autumn to early spring. Daylight saving time happens from early spring to autumn.

Standard time was first used by British railways on December 11, 1847, when they switched from local mean time to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). Almost all of Great Britain's public clocks were using GMT by 1855.

Before 1883, local mean time was used in all of North America. This meant there were many different local times. This caused problems for train schedules. Sandford Fleming, a Canadian, proposed standard time at a meeting of the Royal Canadian Institute on February 8, 1879. The owners of the major railroads met in Chicago to make the Standard Time System. Most states began using the system soon after the railroads. The U.S. government officially began using the system almost fifty years later.

Some people do not like standard time (and daylight saving time). Some people do not like it because they do not trust in government. Others believe that it disturbs circadian rhythms. Others simply like traditional, natural markers of time, like sunsets, noon and sunrise.


Span

Span could mean:


Span (unit of length)

Span is the width of a human hand, from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the pinky finger. 

In Slavic language, the analogue of span is pyad ("peti, пядь"). It is the width from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the forefinger. 

Acting president of the United States

The acting president of the United States is a person who temporarily acts as president when the president is unable to carry out their duties, but remains in office. The position was created by the 25th Amendment to the United States Constitution.

The acting president possesses all presidential powers and duties during the time of their term but does not become the president, instead serving only as acting president. This term lasts until the president declares in writing that they are no longer unable to execute the duties of their office themselves.

George H.W. Bush later became president. To date there have been three acting presidents. They were vice presidents:


Electric power transmission

Electric power transmission is the transmitting of electricity to places where it will be used. Specifically, it is the bulk transfer of electrical power from the power plant to substations near populated areas. Electric power distribution is the delivery from the substation to the consumers. Due to the large amount of power and long distances, transmission normally takes place at high voltage (110 kV or above).

Electricity is usually transmitted over long distance through overhead power transmission lines. Underground power transmission is used only in densely populated areas (such as large cities) because of the high cost of installation and maintenance and because the power losses increase dramatically compared with overhead transmission unless superconductors and cryogenic technology are used.

A power transmission system is often referred to as a "grid"; however, for reasons of economy, the network is rarely a true grid. Redundant paths and lines are provided so that power can be routed from any power plant to any load center, through a variety of routes, based on the economics of the transmission path and the cost of power.




Electrical grid

An electrical grid is a connection network of power generation, power transmission, power distribution and power load. The grid connects all of those parts in power systems to deliver power from the generators at the power station to the customers or load center which will use the electricity.

Darfur conflict

The Darfur conflict is an ongoing military conflict in the Darfur region of Sudan, the third largest country in Africa. It is a conflict along ethnic and tribal lines that began in 2003. Many people and the United States Government, consider it to be a genocide. The United Nations currently does not see this as genocide.

One side of the conflict is composed mainly of the Janjaweed, a militia group recruited from the Arab tribes who move from place to place herding camels. The Sudanese government tells the public that it does not support the Janjaweed. However, it has provided cash and assistance and has even participated in joint attacks.

The other side of the conflict is made up of a number of rebel armies, including the Sudan Liberation Movement and the Justice and Equality Movement. These armies are recruited from Black ethnic groups who make a living farming the land.

The African Union sent a 7,000-troop peacekeeping force to Sudan. However, this force was poorly funded and under-equipped. So the United Nations decided to send an additional 17,300-troop peacekeeping force to help them. Sudan was strongly against this decision and saw the UN forces as foreign invaders. The next day, the Sudanese military launched a major offensive in the region.

The Sudanese government may have suppressed information about the conflict. Some witnesses have been jailed, others may have been killed. This started in 2004. Also, some evidence, such as mass graves was tampered with, so that it became unusable. Some people say this was done by forces which are close to the Sudanese government. In addition, by obstructing and arresting journalists, the Sudanese government has been able to obscure much of what has gone on. The United States government has described it as genocide. The UN has declined to do so. In March 2007 the UN mission accused Sudan's government of "gross violations" in Darfur and called for urgent international action to protect civilians there.

There are different estimates of how many died in the conflict. According to Sudan's government, 9,000 people have been killed. On the other hand, many other people say that it could be from 200,000 to over 400,000. By October 2006, as many as 2.5 million people had to move because of the conflict.

The United Nations says that about 200,000 people have been killed in the conflict so far. Most non-governmental organizations use 200,000 to more than 400,000. The latter is a figure from the Coalition for International Justice that has since been cited by the UN. Sudan's government claims that more than 9,000 people have been killed, although this figure is seen as a gross underestimate.


Darfur conflict bibliography

This is the bibliography and reference section for the Darfur conflict series. Other websites to reports, news articles and other sources of information may also be found below.











AIESEC

AIESEC (said like "Eye Seck"), is a big student organisation that was started in 1948. It was made to fix problems between countries and create peace after World War II. It has spread all over the world since it started. There are many members in about 125 countries.

AIESEC is an organisation that helps its members to develop themselves as leaders. It also has an exchange program for students and university graduates to intern or volunteer in other countries. Most members are students at university but some are paid to work for AIESEC. The organisation is presented in 125 countries and territories in the world. The headquarters of AIESEC are in Rotterdam.

Members say that AIESEC does a lot of good in the world through the exchange by helping people from different countries to share information about their culture.

For over 60 years of working AIESEC's main impact had been its alumni all over the world. These alumni become successful business leaders, politicians, and NGO directors. The approximate number of alumni 1 million.


Organelle

In cell biology, an organelle is a part of a cell that does a specific job.

Organelles usually have a plasma membrane around them. Most of the cell's organelles are in the cytoplasm.

The name "organelle" comes from the idea that these structures are to cells what an organ is to the body.

There are many types of organelles in eukaryotic cells. Prokaryotes were once thought not to have organelles, but some examples have now been found.
They are not organized like eukaryote organelles, and are not bounded by plasma membranes. They are called bacterial microcompartments.

The term is now widely used to refer to cell structures surrounded by single or double plasma membranes. However, the older definition of a 'subcellular functional unit' still exists. So, the term is sometimes used for structures which are not membrane-bound.

The plasma membrane is a lipid bilayer with some proteins embedded in it. It keeps the ions and molecules of the organelle from merging with the surroundings.

Mitochondria and chloroplasts have double-membranes and their DNA. These are believed to come from incompletely digested or invading prokaryotes, which were adopted as a part of the invaded cell. This idea is supported in the endosymbiotic theory.

Prokaryotes are not so complex as eukaryotes. They were once thought to have no internal structures inside the lipid membranes.

However, recent research has shown that at least some prokaryotes have microcompartments such as carboxysomes. These subcellular compartments are 100–200 nm in diameter and are enclosed by a shell of proteins. Even more striking is the description of membrane-bound magnetosomes in bacteria. as well as the nucleus-like structures of the "Planctomycetes" that are surrounded by lipid membranes.

That '70s Show

That '70s Show is an American television series. It is about the lives of a group of teenagers living in Point Place, Wisconsin from May 17, 1976 to December 31, 1979. The series first started August 23, 1998 and its final episode aired May 18, 2006.

The series continues to run in syndication on FX and the CW network in the United States and United Kingdom, CH in Canada, as well as the Seven Network in Australia and Star World in Asia, including Malaysia. It also runs on The NTV for teens.

Sivaya Subramuniyaswami

Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami (January 5, 1927 – 2001), known as Gurudeva by his followers, was a Hindu leader and author. He was born in Oakland, California. He made a Hindu monastery in Kauai, Hawaii and founded the magazine "Hinduism Today". Subramuniyaswami was an author of many books on Hinduism and metaphysics. He was one of the most traditional and well known people of Hinduism during the last two decades of the 20th century. He was one of Saivism's most revered Gurus, the founder and leader of the world's first Hindu church ("Saiva Siddhanta Church").

Subramuniyaswami has written several books on Hinduism, Saivism, yoga and meditation. His works are highly regarded by many of today's Hindu leaders. Subramuniyaswami's largest work, "Master Course", is a complete essay on all parts of Hinduism (Saivism), including the Hindu approach to meditation and metaphysics. It is in three books and more than 3,000 pages. The work is written in a flowing version of written English that is similar to the spoken language as well as ancient Hindu oral traditions.

Crazy Nights

Crazy Nights is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on September 18, 1987. "Crazy Crazy Nights" was the first song released from the album. It reached #4 in the UK.


Hot in the Shade

Hot in the Shade is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on October 17, 1989.


Halfway Home (TV series)

Halfway Home is a comedy television series that premiered on Wednesday, March 14, 2007, at 10:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. As described on its official website, "Halfway Home" is an "improvised half-hour series featuring the daily exploits of five ex-cons living together in a residential rehab facility."


Prime Minister of New Zealand

The prime minister of New Zealand is New Zealand's head of government. This job is given to the leader of the party or coalition with the most support in the Parliament of New Zealand. Since 2023, the prime minister has been Christopher Luxon of the National Party. He became Prime Minister after his party won the 2023 New Zealand general election

The power of the presidency has grown substantially since the office's establishment in 1789. While presidential power has ebbed and flowed over time, the presidency has played an increasingly strong role in American political life since the beginning of the 20th century, with a notable expansion during the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt. In contemporary times, the president is also looked upon as one of the world's most powerful political figures as the leader of the only remaining global superpower. As the leader of the nation with the largest economy by nominal GDP, the president possesses significant domestic and international hard and soft power.

The prime minister holds the most senior post in the New Zealand Parliament. The prime minister is not able to give direct orders to other people in their party.

The prime minister can call for an election by asking the Governor-General to close Parliament

As of , there are seven living former New Zealand prime ministers, as seen below.

The most recent prime minister to die was Mike Moore (served 1990), on 2 February 2020, aged 71.


The Masque of the Red Death

"The Masque of the Red Death" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in May 1842 in "Graham's Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine".
A painful and fatal disease involving blood aka kinbni 

am and finds him lying dead. His courtiers try to unmask the figure..only to find nothingness! Only then do they realize the figure is the Red Death itself, and all of the guests contract and succumb to the disease. With the last of them die the clock and the flames illuminating the scarlet window both die out at the same time. "And Darkness and Decay and the Red Death held illimitable dominion over all".
done!


Darfur

Darfur (Arabic دار فور, meaning "home of the Fur") is a region of far western Sudan.

It borders the Central African Republic, Libya, and Chad. It is divided into three federal states within Sudan: Gharb Darfur (West Darfur), Janub Darfur (South Darfur), and Shamal Darfur (North Darfur). Since 2003 there has been an ongoing humanitarian crisis that developed from the conflict between Ganjaweed militias and the Sudan Liberation Movement and Justice and Equality Movement.

Darfur covers an area of about 493 180 km² (196,555 miles²)—just over two-thirds the size of France and more than half the size of Kenya. It is largely an arid plateau with the "Marrah Mountains" (Jebel Marra), a range of volcanic peaks rising up to 3000 m (10,100 ft), in the center. The region's main towns are Al Fashir, Nyala, and Geneina.

There are four main features of the physical geography. The whole eastern half of Darfur is covered with plains and low hills of sandy soils, known as "goz", and sandstone hills. In many places the "goz" is waterless and can only be inhabited where there are water reservoirs or deep boreholes. To the north the "goz" is overtaken by the desert sands of the Sahara. A second feature are the "wadis", seasonal watercourses ranging from small rivulets that flood only occasionally during the wet season to large "wadis" that flood for most of the rains and flow from western Darfur hundreds of miles west to Lake Chad. Many "wadis" have pans of alluvium with rich soil that are also difficult to cultivate. The west of Darfur is dominated by the third feature, basement rock, sometimes covered with a thin layer of sandy soil. Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed, but provides some forest cover that can be grazed by animals. The fourth and final feature is the Marrah Mountains, that rise up to a peak at Deriba crater where there is a small area of temperate climate, high rainfall and permanent springs of water.

The rainy season is from June through September, transforming much of the region from dusty brown to green. Because much of the population of Darfur is agricultural, the rains are vital. In normal years, a crop is ready to be harvested by November. Once harvested, the dry stalks may be fed to domestic livestock. In the far northern desert, years may pass between rainfall. In the far south, annual average rainfall is 700 mm and many trees remain green year-round.

Darfur has a population of about 7.4 million people. Darfur's economy is primarily based on subsistence agriculture, producing cereals, fruit and tobacco as well as livestock in the drier north. Darfur suffers from frequent droughts during the summer and heavy rainfall in the winter. This has caused many farmers to provide inadequate crops causing the deaths of thousands of people.

The Darfur conflict is an ongoing armed conflict between the Janjaweed militia group and the tribes of the region. The United Nations estimates that over 400,000 people have died since the beginning of this conflict.



Mill

Mill could mean:

People named Mill:

Mill (grinding)

A grinding mill is a tool that is designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces. There are many different types of grinding mills and many types of materials processed in them. 

Small mills can be powered by hand, such as a mortar and pestle or a pepper grinder. Large grinding mills were usually powered by working animals, wind (windmill) or water (watermill) in the past. In the 2000s, most large grinding mills are powered by electricity.

People who need to grind a small amount of a food, such as spices or grain, for their own cooking often use a hand-powered mortar and pestle or a hand-powered grinder, such as a pepper grinder. In the 2000s, many people also used electric-powered grinding mills. These kitchen appliances have a metal blade that grinds the food into small pieces. Electric-powered grinding mills are often used for grinding nuts or coffee.

For thousands of years, humans have ground their grains (such as wheat or corn) into flour using grain mills powered by animals (such as oxen or horses), wind (windmills) or by running water from a stream or river (watermill). In the 2000s, most grain mills are powered by electricity. 

After grinding the state of the solid is changed: the grain size, and the grain shape. Also, there may be more or less crushing.

For process engineering, several things are important: increasing the surface area of the solid; making the solid have wanted grain size; and pulping the material to the desired state (squishing it).



Windmill

A windmill is a type of working engine. It converts the wind's energy into rotational energy. To do this it uses vanes called sails or blades.

The energy made by windmills can be used in many ways. These include grinding grain or spices, pumping water and sawing wood. Modern wind power machines are used to create electricity. These are called wind turbines by engineers or wind mills by the average person. Before modern times, windmills were most commonly used to grind grain into flour for making bread. The windmill has been in history for many years.

An organ powered by a "windwheel" was written about in the 2nd century AD by the Greek engineer Hero. It could have been the first machine in history that used wind power. Vertical axle windmills were used in eastern Persia (Sistar) by 60 AD. Horizontal axle windmills were invented in Northwestern Europe in the 1180s. This is the type often used today.

The first windmills had long vertical shafts with rectangle shaped blades. They existed in Persia in the 9th century. There is a story about a windmill and the second caliph Umar (634\644 AD). It is not known if this is a true story. These windmills were made of six to twelve sails. The sails were covered in reed matting or cloth. They were very different from European versions. A similar type of vertical shaft windmill with rectangle blades can also be found in 13th century China. They were used for irrigation.

The blades or sails of the windmill are turned by the wind. Gears and cogs makes the drive shaft inside the windmill turn. In a windmill used for making flour, this turns the grinding stones. As the stones turn, they crush the wheat (or other grain) between them. In a windmill used for pumping water, turning the drive shaft moves a piston. The piston can suck up and push out water as it moves up and down. In a windmill used for generating power, the drive shaft is connected to many gears. This increases the speed and is used to turn a generator to make electricity.

Miguel de Cervantes' book "Don Quixote de La Mancha" has an important scene in which Don Quixote attacks windmills. He thinks that they are violent giants. Because of this, La Mancha and its windmills are famous. This is also the origin of the phrase "tilting at windmills". It means an act of uselessness. "Moulin Rouge" translated directly from French, and means "Red Windmill". 






Windmill (disambiguation)

A windmill is an engine powered by the wind to produce energy, often contained in a large building as in traditional post mills, smock mills and tower mills. 

Windmill may also refer to:


Blood transfusion

Blood transfusion is a medical term. It means a procedure used to transfer blood (or some products based on blood) from the circulatory system of one human to that of another human.

Blood transfusions can save the life of a person, if that person has lost a lot of blood. A person can lose blood from an injury, a trauma or from a medical operation. Blood transfusions can also be applied as a treatment to certain diseases of the blood (like Anaemia, for example).

Blood is not collected and used immediately. Instead it is kept until it is needed. The storage area is informally called a blood bank. By adding anti-coagulant to keep the blood from clotting and refrigerating the blood, it is possible to store it for a few days. Information about transfusion and donation is available at the National Institutes of Health website .

Not all people are able to donate blood to all other people. Testing for blood types usually prevents any bad reaction to a blood transfusion. However, there are special problems for anyone with rare blood groups. It is very important, in order to avoid any complications during a blood transfusion, to detect individuals with rare blood types. The usual tests for ABO blood group system would show them as group O. It may not be possible to give a blood transfusion at all unless the repository has supply of blood which will not cause a reaction.

Delirium

Delirium is a medical term. The condition is also known as acute confusional state. But, this term is not frequently used anymore, because this term can have many different meanings. Doctors use it to describe patients who have lost parts or all of their ability to focus attention. People who suffer from it may also have problems to concentrate, or to remember things or other people. Delirium is a medical symptom. It is not a disease. Delirium is also considered a type of confusion, but a more severe one, than simple weaker confusion. Delirium can be caused by many things, like anticholinergic medications, too much alcohol, and benzodiazepine medications. Delirium can be confused with other mental conditions like Schizophrenia, Dementia and Psychosis, because all of these conditions have symptoms similar to Delirium. 

- Confused thinking
- Not being aware of the surroundings
- Trouble focusing on a topic or changing topics
- Getting stuck on an idea rather than responding to questions
- Being easily distracted
- Not knowing where they are or who they are
- Trouble with speech or recalling words
- Rambling or nonsense speech
- Trouble reading or writing
- Quick changes in mood
- Seeing things that others don't see
- Slowed movement or being sluggish
- Personality changes

A delirium can have many causes. The most common ones include:
There are several definitions of what constitutes a delirium, but in general, the following is true:

Deliria are often treated with special drugs, called antipsychotics. These medications can help people feel better with their Delirium. Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medications for alcohol withdrawal and DTs. They help calm excited nervous system. Treatment also need intravenous fluids with vitamins and minerals to treat dehydration or bring your electrolytes back into balance.

Delirium are always a medical emergency, because it is impossible to predict how they develop. Worst-case scenarios include cardiac arrest, and malfunctions of the metabolism. In order to be able to treat a delirium, its cause must usually be found. In the case of alcoholism, the most common cause for a delirium is the withdrawal of alcohol. This condition is known as Delirium tremens.

Jaundice

Jaundice (also called icterus) is when the skin and the whites of the eyes become a yellow color. People with jaundice have a problem with their liver, which stops it from removing heme properly. Heme (from hemoglobin) changes to a chemical called bilirubin after red blood cell death. Bilirubin causes the yellow coloring of the skin. Jaundice is common in newly born babies. It usually starts the second day after birth.

Jaundice can also be caused by other diseases, like malaria, hepatitis, or gallstones.

Jaundice is the most common of all liver problems. The yellow colour of the skin and mucous membranes happens because of an increase in the bile pigment, bilirubin, in the blood.

The bile, made by the liver, is a vital digestive fluid needed for proper nutrition. It also stops decaying changes in food. If the bile is stopped from entering the intestines there is an increase in gases and other products. Normally, the production of bile and its flow is constant.

There are three types of jaundice:

Yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes happens in all types of jaundice.

The symptoms of jaundice are:

Jaundice is a sign that the liver is not working. It may be caused by a blockage of the bile ducts which release bile salts and pigment into the intestines. The bile then gets mixed with blood and this gives a yellow colour to the skin. The blockage of the bile ducts could be caused by:

Other causes of jaundice are pernicious anaemia and diseases affecting the liver such as typhoid, malaria, yellow fever and tuberculosis.

Icterus

Icterus may refer to:

Hildegard of Bingen

Hildegard of Bingen (born Bemersheim nr. Alzey in about 1098; died 17 September 1179) was a German writer, composer and mystic. She was an abbess who is well known for her literary works and her songs. She also wrote about medical and scientific things, and wrote letters to many important politicians.

Hildegard was born into a noble family. Her parents sent her to a monastery because she was the tenth child of the family. She took the veil (became a nun) at the age of 15. By the time she was 38 she had the title of “mother superior”. She founded (started) a monastery on the Rupertsberg in the Rhine valley near Bingen. Later she founded a daughter house on the other side of the river near Rüdesheim. She travelled a lot and talked to many important people. She later had the title of “abbess”. After she died several popes suggested she should be made a saint, but this never happened. She does, though, have a feast day on September 17, which is celebrated in some parts of Germany.

Known as the "Sybil of the Rhine", Hildegard had many visions, many of which she wrote down.They were mostly about God and his relationship with humans, the church, redemption from God, and creation. She wrote lyrical poetry which was very colourful and had lots of visionary ideas. Her music does not use plainchant like the music of many other medieval composers at the time. It mostly has small patterns of melody which are repeated many times in slightly different ways. Her music was also different because the chants she wrote were written for female voices, in a higher range than earlier chants. This made them easier for women's voices. She wrote a morality play in verse with 82 melodies.

Hildegard of Bingen is the first composer whose life we know about. She may possibly be the first woman to write about female sexuality.

Alternative medicine

Alternative medicine describes practices used instead of normal medical treatments. Some patients seek these practices along with normal medicine. When the patient's medical doctor works with an alternative medicine therapist, this is called "complementary medicine."

Alternative medicine includes practices that incorporate spiritual, metaphysical, or religious belief; non-evidence-based practices, non-European medical traditions, or newly developed approaches to healing. 

Examples include acupuncture, chiropractic and homeopathy.

Alternative medicine does not prevent or cure any disease.
The opposite of alternative medicine are medical diagnoses and treatements that are proven to work. This is called evidence-based or conventional medicine.

Divaldo Pereira Franco

Divaldo Pereira Franco or simply, Divaldo Franco is a Brazilian medium, born in Feira de Santana, Bahia, on May 5th, 1927.

He has been, for almost 60 years, an important spiritual speaker and writer, having devoted more than 50 years to spirituality and more than 40 years dedicated taking care of the street children of Salvador, Bahia.

On 15 August 1952, he founded (along with Nilson de Souza Pereira), the "House of Assistance" (Mansão do Caminho), responsible for the orientation and education of over 33,000 devoid children and adolescents.

Divaldo graduated from the Escola Normal Rural de Feira de Santana, where he received his Primary School Professor diploma in 1943. Since his infancy, he claimed to be able to communicate with spirits.

When he was young, he was traumatized by the death of his two older brothers, so much so that he became sick. He was taken to several Medical specialists, none of them could give a satisfactory diagnosis. After this, he met Dr. Ana Ribeiro Borges, who persuaded him to take up the spiritist doctrine. During his period of convalescence, he dedicated himself to the study of spiritism. After the body health be restored, he continued studying the spiritism.

Hindu gods

In Hinduism the concept of God or Goddess is not like that of monotheistic religions. The Gods of most cultures in Asia are icons of excellence. They may be questioned. Each represents a strength of human character. In Hinduism there are many beliefs about different gods. In most of them a god is in charge. Supreme divine power in Hinduism is Brahman,vishnu and shiv . the sole ultimate truth, an entity that exists and gives life to all things. It is formless and is referred to as Vishnu or Narayana, Adi Parashakti/Shakti or Durga and Shiva or Mahadeva in different sects of Hinduism. Different forms (Avatars) of the same entity or supreme Brahman are worshipped in the traditions and sects in Hinduism.

Hindus believe all it's devi-devas are different forms of that same formless Brahman. Devi-Devas in Hinduism are thought as highly advanced spiritual beings and are often represented in human form or partially human and partially animal forms. Sometimes they are also represented as non-living things and plants.

The three gods who started creation: Vishnu, Brahma, and Shiva are called Bhagwans (also known as Bhagavān). Yakshas are all male gods created by the three Bhagwans. 

The main god in the Vaishnavite sect of Hinduism is Vishnu. Vishnu is revered as the supreme Paramatman in Vaishnava tradition. Shiva is the Supreme, in Shaivite traditions while in Shakti traditions, Adi Parashakti is supreme. Other names such as Ishvara, Bhagavan, Bhagvati, Parmeshwara and Paramatamana also means Hindu gods and all of them mainly denote Brahman. Vishnu, Shiva and Brahma are the major gods and Lakshmi, Parvati and Saraswati are the major goddesses in Hinduism. Many Hindus believe that Brahma is the Creator, Vishnu is the preserver and Shiva or Maheshwar is destroyer. 

The idea of a single, widely accepted supreme God in Hinduism is not uniform and varies across different traditions. Some followers worship specific deities as the supreme being, such as Vishnu, Shakti, or Shiva, while others have a more abstract understanding of divinity. In some cases, all deities are seen as manifestations of a single ultimate reality. The cultural and linguistic diversity of India has influenced the varied interpretations of the concept of a supreme God within Hinduism. 

Regional and family traditions can play a large part in influencing this choice. There are four principal Hindu denominations —Vaishnavism, Shaktism, Shaivism, and Smartism. For Vaishnavites, God Vishnu is God Of Supreme, For Shaktas, Goddess Shakti is supreme, For Shaivites, God Shiva is Supreme. For Smartas—who see all Deities as reflections of the One God—the choice of Deity is left to the devotee. 

Most Hindus worship some form of a personal aspect of God, although they believe in the more abstract concept of a Supreme God as well. They generally choose one concept of God, and cultivate devotion to that chosen form, while at the same time respecting the chosen ideals of other people. The many different names given to the Supreme God in Hinduism encourage many paths, as opposed to conformity to just one. 

The unique understanding in Hinduism is that God is not far away, living in a remote heaven, but is all-pervasive and energizes the entire universe. He is also inside each soul, waiting to be discovered. Knowing the one Supreme God in this intimate and experiential way is the goal of Hindu spirituality.

Hindus also believe in many Gods (Devas) who perform various functions, like executives in a large corporation. These should not be confused with the Supreme God. These deities are highly advanced beings who have specific duties and powers—not unlike the heavenly spirits, overlords or archangels in other faiths. Each denomination worships the Supreme God and its own set of divine beings. 

Devas (also called Devatās) are an integral part of the colorful Hindu culture. These various forms of God are represented in innumerable paintings, statues, murals, and scriptural stories that can be found in temples, homes, businesses, and other places. In Hinduism the scriptures recommend that for the satisfaction of a particular material desire a person may worship a particular deity. For example, shopkeepers frequently keep a statue or picture of the devi Lakshmi in their shops. 

The concept of Goddess Bhuvaneswari as the supreme goddess emerged in historical religious literature as a term to define the powerful and influential nature of female deities in India. Throughout history, goddesses have been portrayed as the mother of the universe, through whose powers the universe is created and destroyed. The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Bhuvaneswari and express how the different Goddesses, though very different in personality, all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders.

Coheed and Cambria

Coheed and Cambria (sometimes abbreviated to "Coheed," "CO & CA" or "C&C") is an American rock band from New York.
Coheed and Cambria have made four studio albums, two live albums, and some special albums. Their studio albums are concept albums, showing one story broken into parts. The band wants to make five albums telling the story of The Amory Wars. Now, four albums have been released: "The Second Stage Turbine Blade", "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3", "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness", and "Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow", and "Year of the Black Rainbow". These albums make the first, second, third, and fourth part of the four-part story of Coheed and Cambria. The albums have been made out of order; the second part was made first, and the first part has been made last.
When a band called Toxic Parents, with Claudio Sanchez and Travis Stever in it, broke up about the same time as Nate Kelley's band, Moe & The Boogie Cats, the members of these bands came together to form a new band in March 1995. This band was called Beautiful Loser. It had Travis Stever singing and playing guitar, Claudio Sanchez on guitar, Nate Kelley on drums and Jon Carleo on bass. The group did not last long, it broke up in June 1995; they had an argument about gas money. Stever left the band, and Kelley was kicked out, but he came back when Sanchez asked him to. Without Stever, the band only had three people, so Sanchez started to sing and play guitar.

They changed their name to Shabütie, a chant taken from the movie "The Naked Prey". The band constantly changed and experimented with different genres and styles, never properly deciding a set genre. When Carleo left the band in August 1996, Kelley asked Michael Todd to join the band, who he had worked with in an acoustic project called "Esme 9". Todd, a guitar player, started playing bass because of Shabütie.

After Kelley left, Sanchez and the other people picked Josh Eppard, who was in the band "3", to take his place. In 2001, shortly after The Delirium Trigger EP was made, they changed their name to Coheed and Cambria and Shabütie was finished. The band was now a four piece: Claudio Sanchez, (lead vocals/guitar), Travis Stever, (backup vocals/guitar), Michael Todd, (backup vocals/bass guitar), and Josh Eppard, (drums). When playing live, Dave Parker (keyboards/guitar), sometimes plays too.

Josh Eppard could not play at Coheed and Cambria's June 9 slot at the Download Festival in the UK because he was ill. A few days later, the band canceled the Barcelona and Essen parts of their European tour.

In November 2006, it was announced that both Josh Eppard and Mic Todd had left the band.

A few months after, Mic Todd returned to work on the No World For Tomorrow with the band.

It was announced a few days before the band embarked on Warped Tour '07 that Chris Pennie, the former drummer for Dillinger Escape Plan, is working with the band in studio.

The band debuted their first single from No World For Tomorrow, The Running Free during Warped Tour '07.

In July, a website registered to Sony appeared on the internet, www.noworldfortomorrow.com. This website contained a countdown.

After this countdown ended, a message was released and another countdown appeared. This showed that a message would be released weekly. An archive of the messages released can be found here .

On October 23, 2007 The band's forth studio album was released under the name "" It was met with positive reviews from online zines such as Rollingstone.com and Absolutepunk.net.

Sanchez has said that he is influenced by bands like Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, Thin Lizzy, Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Yes and many people say that they sound like Rush. But, Claudio Sanchez has said that he never listened to the band until he heard people say that they sounded like each other. "Metal Hammer" magazine called the band the "new Led Zeppelin" on the front cover of issue 153. They also have hardcore punk influences such as Bad Brains and The Misfits. Claudio also said in an interview he learned to play guitar by listening to the Misfits' Legacy of Brutality.




"Work done as Shabűtie is noted."

The Coheed and Cambria albums are coming out out of sequence; the last album to come out will be the first part of the series. The first CD made was "The Second Stage Turbine Blade", the second part in the story, the third and fourth parts came out next. The next album has been called "Most Anticipated Album of 2007" by the "Alternative Press" magazine. The February 2007 issue of "Kerrang!" says, "Among the songs that may or may not appear on the album are 'Gravemakers And Gunslingers' and 'The Hound Of Blood And Rank.'" Also, the issue says that a release should come out in either late spring or early summer.


A cover of Night Ranger's 'Sister Christian' was released by the band via the bands official website as an MP3 download as a Christmas present to their fans. Similarly, a cover of The Band's "I Shall Be Released" was uploaded onto the bands MySpace page as a Christmas Present to their fans in 2006. The band also used to play a cover of Iron Maiden's "The Trooper" at concerts. A song called "The Glass" was in the process of being written for the movie Spiderman 2's soundtrack, but the song was not finished in time and it was scrapped. Many Shabütie songs are circulated on the internet. Some were recorded in a studio, but others were recorded on a 4-track, resulting in poor quality audio. There is also a live bootleg on the internet of a song played by Shabütie that fans named "Nauraushaun". It was assumed that this song was one song in full, but former drummer Nate Kelley has recently told fans that the song was in fact two songs played in a medley. These two songs are "Origins" and "Life Without You". These two songs were never recorded except for the bootleg that has been circulating, although "Life Without You" was almost recorded instead of "Cassiopeia". In the end the band decided they liked "Cassiopeia" more and this was recorded instead.

A series of six vignettes that showcase music from "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness" were made and are on the albums' special edition bonus DVD.


Watermill

A watermill is an engine that uses a water wheel or turbine to drive a mechanical process such as flour or lumber production, or metal shaping (rolling, grinding or wire drawing). A watermill that only generates electricity is more usually called a hydroelectric plant.

In 31 AD, a Chinese engineer named Du Shi (Wade-Giles: Tu Shih) ""invented the first water-powered bellows. This was a complicated machine with gears, axles, and levers that was powered by a waterwheel",". This invention aided the forging of cast iron smelted from the blast furnace. More extensive descriptions appear in literature of the 5th century.

The ancient Greeks and Romans used the technology. In the 1st century BC, the Greek epigrammatist "Antipater of Thessalonica" was the first to make a reference to the waterwheel. He praised it for its use in grinding grain and the reduction of human labor.

The Romans used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other countries of the Roman Empire. So-called 'Greek Mills' used water wheels with a vertically mounted shaft. A "Roman Mill" features a horizontally-mounted shaft. Greek style mills are the older and simpler of the two designs, but only operate well with high water velocities and with small diameter millstones. Roman style mills are more complicated as they require gears transmit the power from a shaft with a horizontal axis to one with a vertical axis. An example of a Roman era watermill would be the early 4th century site at Barbegal in southern France, where 16 overshot waterwheels were used to power an enormous flour mill.

The Cistercian Order built huge mill complexes all over Western Europe during the medieval period.

In a 2005 survey the scholar Adam Lucas identified the following first appearances of various industrial mill types in Western Europe. Noticeable is the preeminent role of France in the introduction of new innovative uses of waterpower.

Typically, water is diverted from a river or impoundment or mill pond to a turbine or water wheel, along a channel or pipe (variously known as a flume, head race, mill race, leat, leet, lade (Scots) or penstock). The force of the water's movement drives the blades of a wheel or turbine, which in turn rotates an axle that drives the mill's other machinery. Water leaving the wheel or turbine is drained through a tail race, but this channel may also be the head race of yet another wheel, turbine or mill. The passage of water is controlled by sluice gates that allow maintenance and some measure of flood control; large mill complexes may have dozens of sluices controlling complicated interconnected races that feed multiple buildings and industrial processes.

Watermills can be divided into two kinds, one with a horizontal waterwheel on a vertical axle, and the other with a vertical wheel on a horizontal axle. The oldest of these were horizontal mills in which the force of the water, striking a simple paddle wheel set horizontally in line with the flow turned a runner stone balanced on the rynd which is atop a shaft leading directly up from the wheel. The bedstone does not turn. The problem with this type of mill arose from the lack of gearing; the speed of the water directly set the maximum speed of the runner stone which, in turn, set the rate of milling.





Coma

Coma is a medical term. It is a state of deep unconsciousness. People who are in that state cannot be woken up. They also do not react to pain or light. Coma can result from various conditions. Some of these are intoxication, poisons, damages or diseases of the nervous system. It can also be the result of certain drugs. Doctors sometimes put patients that have very bad injuries into a coma. There are different levels of coma. Comas usually do not last more than several weeks, but those several weeks could be disastrous. Sometimes only basic bodily functions are left over. Intensive hospital care is often needed to recover some of these functions.

Some comas can last years, but these are usually not woken up from. The family of a coma victim (or whoever has the power of Attorney) can sign papers so that they are taken off of life support and then will die.

Water wheel

A water wheel is a hydropower system; a machine for extracting power from the flow of water. Water wheels and hydropower was widely used in the Middle Ages, powering most industry in Europe, along with the windmill. The most common use of the water wheel was to mill flour in gristmills, but other uses included foundry work and machining, and pounding linen for use in paper.

A water wheel consists of a large wooden or metal wheel, with a number of blades or buckets arranged on the outside rim forming the driving surface. Most commonly, the wheel is mounted vertically on a horizontal axle, but the tub or Norse wheel is mounted horizontally on a vertical shaft. Vertical wheels can transmit power either through the axle or via a ring gear and typically drive belts or gears; horizontal wheels usually directly drive their load. A channel created for the water to follow after leaving the wheel is commonly referred to as a "tailrace."

"Main article:" Watermill

The technology of the water wheel had long been known, but it was not put into widespread use until the Middle Ages when an acute shortage of labor made machines such as the water wheel cost effective. However, the water wheels in ancient Rome and ancient China found many practical uses in powering mills for pounding grain and other substances. The Romans used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other countries of the Roman Empire. The Romans were known to use waterwheels extensively in mining projects, with enormous Roman-era waterwheels found in places like modern-day Spain. In the 1st century BC, the Greek epigrammatist "Antipater of Thessalonica" was the first to make a reference to the waterwheel.

By at least the 1st century AD, the Chinese of the Eastern Han Dynasty began to use waterwheels to crush grain in mills and to power the piston-bellows in forging iron ore into cast iron.

In the text known as the "Xin Lun" written by Huan Tan about 20 AD (during the usurpation of Wang Mang), it states that the legendary mythological king known as Fu Xi was the one responsible for the pestle and mortar, which evolved into the tilt-hammer and then trip hammer device (see trip hammer). Although the author speaks of the mythological Fu Xi, a passage of his writing gives hint that the waterwheel was in widespread use by the 1st century AD in China.

In the year 31 AD, the engineer and Prefect of Nanyang, Du Shi, applied a complex use of the waterwheel and machinery to power the bellows of the blast furnace to create cast iron. 
Waterwheels in China found practical uses such as this, as well as extraordinary use. The inventor Zhang Heng (78–139) was the first in history to apply motive power in rotating the astronomical instrument of an armillary sphere, by use of a waterwheel. The mechanical engineer Ma Jun (200–265) once used a waterwheel to power and operate a large mechanical puppet theater for Emperor Ming of Wei.

Cistercian monasteries, in particular, made extensive use of water wheels to power mills of many kinds. An early example of a very large waterwheel is still extant at the early 13th century Real Monasterio de Nuestra Senora de Rueda, a Cistercian monastery in the Aragon region of Spain. Grist mills (for corn) were undoubtedly the most common, but there were also sawmills, fulling mills and mills to fulfill many other labor-intensive tasks. The water wheel remained competitive with the steam engine well into the Industrial Revolution.

The main difficulty of water wheels was their inseparability from water. This meant that mills often needed to be located far from population centers and away from natural resources. Water mills were still in commercial use well into the twentieth century, however.

Overshot & pitchback waterwheels are suitable where there is a small stream with a height difference of more than 2 meters, often in association with a small reservoir. Breastshot and undershot wheels can be used on rivers or high volume flows with large reservoirs. 

The most powerful waterwheel built in the United Kingdom was the 100 hp Quarry Bank Mill Waterwheel near Manchester. A high breastshot design, it was retired in 1904 and replaced with several turbines. It has now been restored and is a museum open to the public.

Modern Hydro-electric dams can be viewed as the descendants of the water wheel as they too take advantage of the movement of water downhill to turn a wheel. 



Favism

Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (sometimes also called G6PD deficiency, or favism) is a hereditary disease. This means it is passed on through the genes from a parent to the child. It leads to a form of anaemia. There are some means to treat it, though the focus of the doctors now lies on prevention (avoiding parents passing it on to their child). As it is linked to the X chromosome, most people who suffer from it are male. 

Sufferers can not make the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. This will mean the circulation of sugar in their body is different. More red blood cells will be destroyed because of it. About 400 million people suffer from this condition. Very often, it can be found in regions where there is also malaria. This is because the red blood cells found in people with favism are not targeted by malaria.

This condition may result from an allergy to alkaloids in Vicia faba (Faba Bean, Broad bean, Windsor bean).

Hydropower

Hydropower is the capture of the energy of moving water for some useful purpose. 

In the 1830s, at the peak of the canal-building era, hydropower was used to transport barge traffic up and down steep hills using inclined plane railroads. For direct mechanical power transmission industries that used hydropower had to be near the waterfall. For example, during the last half of the 19th century, many grist mills were built at Saint Anthony Falls, to use the 50 foot (15 metre) drop in the Mississippi River. The mills were important for the growth of Minneapolis. Today the largest use of hydropower is for electric power generation. That allows low cost energy to be used at long distances from the watercourse. 

There are many forms of water power:

"Main article: Hydroelectricity"
Hydroelectric power is a means of making electricity without burning fuel. Hydroelectric power supplies about 715,000 MWe or 19% of world electricity (16% in 2003). Large dams are still being designed. Apart from a few countries with plenty of it, hydro power is normally applied to peak load demand because it is readily stopped and started. Nevertheless, hydroelectric power is probably not a major option for future energy production in the developed nations, because most major sites within these nations are either already being exploited or are unavailable for other reasons, such as environmental considerations.

Hydropower produces essentially no carbon dioxide or other harmful emissions, in contrast to burning fossil fuels, and is not a significant contributor to global warming through CO.

Hydroelectric power can be far less expensive than electricity generated from fossil fuel or nuclear energy. Areas with abundant hydroelectric power attract industry. Environmental concerns about the effects of reservoirs may prohibit development of economic hydropower sources.

Harnessing the tides in a bay or estuary has been achieved in France (since 1966), Canada and Russia, and could be achieved in other areas with a large tidal range. The trapped water turns turbines as it is released through the tidal barrage in either direction. Another possible fault is that the system would generate electricity most efficiently in bursts every six hours (once every tide). This limits how tidal energy can be used. 

A relatively new technology, tidal stream generators draw energy from currents in much the same way that wind generators do. The higher density of water means that a single generator can provide significant power. This technology is at the early stages of development and will need more research before it can produce any higher amount of energy.

But several prototypes were tested in the UK, in France and the USA. Already in 2003 a turbine that produces 300 kW was tested in the UK.

The Canadian company Blue Energy has plans for installing very large arrays tidal current devices mounted in what they call a 'tidal fence' in various locations around the world, based on a vertical axis turbine design.

Power from ocean surface wave motion might produce much more energy than tides. It has been tested that it is possible to produce energy from waves, particularly in Scotland in the UK. But there are still a lot of technical problems.

A prototype shore based wave power generator is being constructed at "Port Kembla" in Australia and is expected to generate up to 500 MWh annually. Wave energy is captured by an air driven generator and converted to electricity. For countries with large coastlines and rough sea conditions, the energy of waves offers the possibility of generating electricity in utility volumes. Excess power during rough seas could be used to produce hydrogen.




South Pacific

South Pacific is the name for a geographical region of the world. It includes regions of the Pacific Ocean which lie south of the Equator: Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, and parts of Oceania.

Guido von List

Guido (von) List (born Karl Anton List; 5 October 1848 in Vienna – 17 May 1919 in Berlin) was an Austrian writer. His works were influenced very much by ideas of race. He was influenced by Arthur de Gobineau, Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, and others. He believed there was a global jewish conspiracy. He thought that the conspiracy threatened those he believed to be the Aryan race. He also believed that runes had magic power. His beliefs were not unpopular in Western Europe in the 19th century. He was an occultist. A contemporary of his was Houston Steward Chamberlain. Chambelain lived at the same time as he did. One of his successors was Jörg Lanz von Liebenfels.


Franklins

Franklins is a cheap supermarket company in New South Wales in Australia. At one time, it had shops in other states of Australia.

The name of the shops is named after Frank Lindstrom, who started Franklins in 1941 in the city of Sydney in Australia. The shops were created in a time when other supermarkets had low prices, by keeping expenses low. It grew to cover much of New South Wales, Queensland, Victoria and South Australia with a reputation for low prices on groceries. It claims to be "Australia's Original Discount Grocer".

Franklins was the first supermarket in Australia to have brand name products. These products are called No Frills. In fact, the company's shops only sold these products when it first came about. It started out with a few products but now they have 800 products. This ranges from bread to window cleaners. Today, a mascot of Franklins called Red Sock advertises these products.

Franklins offers a wide range of products including No Frills. Franklins mostly deals in food and everyday articles. It even has Franklins brand name products like bread and meat.

A wide range of people shop at Franklins to buy a wide range of articles. In some shops, people can buy their food and everyday articles at Franklins. They can then buy their fresh food outside of the store. In other stores, people can get fresh food articles as well as food and everyday articles all in the one place. Franklins even has a 'bottle shop' inside a few stores where people can get their beer and wine from. These places are both cheap and convenient to shop in.

When Franklins first started, their business philosophy was like Aldi's: "No extras, no service, no music and no electronic cash - only articles at extremely low prices" or as Franklins had put it: "Strictly No Frills". Because of big competition with other "good-looking" shops, it no longer follows this philosophy.

Franklins is still cheap but it has more competition from other markets, such as Aldi. Today, Franklins is owned by the Pick n Pay supermarket company from the country of South Africa. It has opened "Franklins Family Supermarkets" in 2006, independently franchise shops of both Franklins and Pick n Pay.

Hannover 96

Hannover 96, also sometimes called Hanover 96 in English, is a sports club in Hanover, a city in northern Germany.
The sports club was founded in 1896. Hannover 96 is famous for its football (AE: "Soccer") team that has almost always played in the first or second German football league (Except 1996-1998).

Hannover 96 was German Football Champion in 1938 and 1954 and German Cup winner in 1992. The club played eight seasons in European cup competitions (24 matches).

Home stadium of Hannover 96 is the HDI-Arena (capacity: 49.000).

In 1963 the German national Football League, the "Fußball-Bundesliga" was founded. Hannover 96 joined the Bundesliga in 1964 and played there for the following ten years. In the 1970s and 1980s the club went down to the second league and up again several times. In the 1990s Hannover 96 played eight seasons in the second "Bundesliga" and two years in the third league, the "Regionalliga Nord" (1996-98).

Since 2002, Hannover 96 is (again) a member of the first German Football league, the Bundesliga.

Some famous players who have been in the team for a long time: Altin Lala Albanian national player, Steven Cherundolo, USA-national player, Robert Enke, former German national goalkeeper.

The coach of the football team (August 2014) is Taifun Korkut, the club's president is Martin Kind.

Former Coaches: Dieter Hecking 2009, Andreas Bergmann 2009, Peter Neururer 2006, Ewald Lienen 2005, Ralf Rangnick 2004, Horst Ehrmanntraut 2001, ...

Water turbine

A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water.

Water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids. Now they are mostly used for electric power generation. They harness a clean and renewable energy source.

Water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power. Their main shortcoming is size, which limits the flow rate and head that can be used.

The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years. Development occurred during the Industrial revolution, using scientific principles and methods. They also made extensive use of new materials and manufacturing methods developed at the time.

The word turbine was coined by the French engineer Claude Bourdin in the early 19th century and is derived from the Latin word for "whirling" or a "vortex". The main difference between early water turbines and water wheels is a component of the water which passes energy to a spinning rotor. This additional component of motion allowed the turbine to be smaller than a water wheel of the same power. They could process more water by spinning faster and could use much greater heads. (Later, impulse turbines were developed which did not use swirl).

Ján Andrej Segner developed a reactive water turbine in the mid-1700s. It had a horizontal axis and was a precursor to modern water turbines. It is a very simple machine that is still produced today for use in small hydro sites. Segner worked with Euler on some of the early mathematical theories of turbine design.

In 1820, Jean-Victor Poncelet developed an inward-flow turbine.

In 1826 Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine. This was an efficient machine (~80%) that sent water through a runner with blades curved in one dimension. The stationary outlet also had curved guides.

In 1844 Uriah A. Boyden developed an outward flow turbine that improved on the performance of the Fourneyron turbine. Its runner shape was similar to that of a Francis turbine.

In 1849, James B. Francis improved the inward flow reaction turbine to over 90% efficiency. He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design. The Francis turbine, named for him, is the first modern water turbine. It is still the most widely used water turbine in the world today. 

Inward flow water turbines have a better mechanical arrangement and all modern reaction water turbines are of this design. Also, as the swirling mass of water spins into a tighter rotation, it tries to speed up to conserve energy. This property acts on the runner, in addition to the water's falling weight and swirling motion. Water pressure decreases to zero as it passes through the turbine blades and gives up its energy.

Around 1890, the modern fluid bearing was invented, now universally used to support heavy water turbine spindles. As of 2002, fluid bearings appear to have a mean time between failures of more than 1300 years.

Around 1913, Victor Kaplan created the Kaplan turbine, a propeller-type machine. It was an evolution of the Francis turbine but revolutionized the ability to develop low-head hydro sites.

All common water machines until the late 19th century (including water wheels) were reaction machines; water's "pressure" head acted on the machine and produced work. A reaction turbine needs to fully contain the water during energy transfer.

In 1866, California millwright Samuel Knight invented a machine that worked off a completely different concept. Inspired by the high pressure jet systems used in hydraulic mining in the gold fields, Knight developed a bucketed wheel which captured the energy of a free jet, which had converted a high head (hundreds of vertical feet in a pipe or penstock) of water to kinetic energy. This is called an impulse or tangential turbine. The water's velocity, roughly twice the velocity of the bucket periphery, does a u-turn in the bucket and drops out of the runner at 0 velocity.

In 1879, Lester Pelton, experimenting with a Knight Wheel, developed a double bucket design, which exhausted the water to the side, eliminating some energy loss of the Knight wheel which exhausted some water back against the center of the wheel. In about 1895, William Doble improved on Pelton's half-cylindrical bucket form with an elliptical bucket that included a cut in it to allow the jet a cleaner bucket entry. This is the modern form of the Pelton turbine which today achieves up to 92% efficiency. Pelton had been quite an effective promoter of his design and although Doble took over the Pelton company he did not change the name to Doble because it had brand name recognition.

Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs.

Flowing water is directed on to the blades of a turbine runner, creating a force on the blades. Since the runner is spinning, the force acts through a distance (force acting through a distance is the definition of work). In this way, energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine.

Water turbines are divided into two groups; reaction turbines and impulse turbines.

Reaction turbines are acted on by water, which changes pressure as it moves through the turbine and gives up its energy. They must be encased to contain the water pressure (or suction), or they must be fully submerged in the water flow.

Newton's Third Law of Motion describes the transfer of energy for reaction turbines.

Most water turbines in use are reaction turbines. They are used in low and medium head applications.

Impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet. The jet pushes the turbine's curved blades which reverse the flow. The resulting change in momentum (impulse) causes a force on the turbine blades. Since the turbine is spinning, the force acts through a distance (work) and the diverted water flow is left with diminished energy.

Prior to hitting the turbine blades, the water's pressure (potential energy) is converted to kinetic energy by a nozzle and focused on the turbine. No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades, and the turbine does not require a housing for operation.
Newton's Second Law of Motion describes the transfer of energy for impulse turbines.

Impulse turbines are most often used in very high head applications.

The power available in a stream of water is;

formula_1

where:



Some water turbines are designed for Pumped storage hydroelectricity. They can reverse flow and operate as a pump to fill a high reservoir during off-peak electrical hours, and then revert to a turbine for power generation during peak electrical demand. This type of turbine is usually a Deriaz or Francis in design.

Large modern water turbines operate at mechanical efficiencies greater than 90% (not to be confused with thermodynamic efficiency).

Reaction turbines:

Impulse turbines:

Turbine selection is based mostly on the available water head, and less so on the available flow rate. In general, impulse turbines are used for high head sites, and reaction turbines are used for low head sites. Kaplan turbines are well-adapted to wide ranges of flow or head conditions, since their peak efficiency can be achieved over a wide range of flow conditions.

Small turbines (mostly under 10 MW) may have horizontal shafts, and even fairly large bulb-type turbines up to 100 MW or so may be horizontal. Very large Francis and Kaplan machines usually have vertical shafts because this makes best use of the available head, and makes installation of a generator more economical. Pelton wheels may be either vertical or horizontal shaft machines because the size of the machine is so much less than the available head. Some impulse turbines use multiple water jets per runner to increase specific speed and balance shaft thrust.


Turbines are designed to run for decades with very little maintenance of the main elements; overhaul intervals are on the order of several years. Maintenance of the runners and parts exposed to water include removal, inspection, and repair of worn parts.

Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation, fatigue cracking, and abrasion from suspended solids in the water. Steel elements are repaired by welding, usually with stainless steel rod. Damage areas are cut or ground out, then welding back up to their original or an improved profile. Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime. Elaborate welding procedures may be used to achieve the highest quality repairs.

Other elements requiring inspection and repair during overhauls include bearings, packing box and shaft sleeves, servomotors, cooling systems for the bearings and generator coils, seal rings, wicket gate linkage elements and all surfaces.
Water turbines have had both positive and negative impacts on the environment.

They are one of the cleanest producers of power, replacing the burning of fossil fuels and eliminating nuclear waste. Burning fossil fuels produces smoke and ash, and toxic gases such as carbon monoxide. Nuclear waste emits dangerous radiation and is difficult to dispose of. They use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades. They produce significant amounts of the world's electrical supply.

Historically there have also been negative consequences. The rotating blades or gated runners of water turbines can interrupt the natural ecology of rivers, killing fish, stopping migrations, and disrupting peoples' livelihoods. For example, American Indian tribes in the Pacific Northwest had livelihoods built around salmon fishing, but aggressive dam-building destroyed their way of life. Since the late 20th century, it has been possible to construct hydropower systems that divert fish and other organisms away from turbine intakes without significant damage or loss of power; such systems require less cleaning but are substantially more expensive to construct. In the United States, it is now illegal to block the migration of fish so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders.



AWD-Arena

The HDI-Arena is a football stadium in Hanover, a city in north Germany. It is the home stadium of the football club Hannover 96. The HDI-Arena was built from 1952 to 1954 and called "Niedersachsenstadion" (stadium of lower Saxony) and later "AWD-Arena". Lower Saxony is a German federal state and Hanover is its capital.

Originally the Niedersachsenstadium was large enough to hold about 80.000 people. It was changed for international football championships in 1974 and 1988, especially changing standing room into seats. In 2003, it became changed to be used only for football and the name was sold to the German company of AWD. Today it can hold 49.000 people.

In 2006, the Football World Championships were played there.

Renewable energy

Renewable energy comes from renewable resources. It is different from fossil fuels as it does not produce as many greenhouse gases and other pollutants as fossil fuel combustion.

People have used traditional wind power, hydropower, biofuel, and solar energy for many centuries, all around the world. The mass production of electricity using renewable energy sources is now becoming more common. 

From the end of 2004, worldwide renewable energy capacity grew at rates of 10–60% annually for many technologies. For wind power and many other renewable technologies, growth sped up in 2009 relative to the previous four years. More wind power was added during 2009 than any other renewable technology. However, grid-connected PV increased the fastest of all renewables technologies, with a 60% annual average growth rate.

Projections vary, but scientists have advanced a plan to power 100% of the world's energy with wind, hydroelectric, and solar power by the year 2030.

Wind power capacity has expanded quickly to 743 GW in 2020, and wind energy production was about 5% of total worldwide electricity usage, and growing fast. Wind power is widely used in European countries, and more recently in the United States and Asia. Wind power accounts for approximately 19% of electricity generation in Denmark, 11% in Spain and Portugal, and 9% in the Republic of Ireland. These are some of the largest wind farms in the world, as of January 2010: 

A wind farm is a group of wind turbines in the same location used for production of electricity. A large wind farm may consist of several hundred individual wind turbines distributed over an extended area, but the land between the turbines may be used for agricultural or other purposes. A wind farm may also be located offshore. 

Solar photovoltaic cells convert sunlight into electricity and many solar photovoltaic power stations have been built, mainly in Europe. As of December 2010, the largest photovoltaic (PV) power plants in the world are the Sarnia Photovoltaic Power Plant (Canada, 97 MW), Montalto di Castro Photovoltaic Power Station (Italy, 84.2 MW), Finsterwalde Solar Park (Germany, 80.7 MW), Rovigo Photovoltaic Power Plant (Italy, 70 MW), Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park (Spain, 60 MW), the Strasskirchen Solar Park (Germany, 54 MW), and the Lieberose Photovoltaic Park (Germany, 53 MW). Larger power stations are under construction, some proposed will have a capacity of 150 MW or more.

Solar is one of the fastest-growing renewable energy sources in the world. Solar energy capacity has increased by approximately 60% since 2013, rising to 485.82GW in 2018.


Many of these plants are integrated with agriculture and some use innovative tracking systems that follow the sun's daily path across the sky to generate more electricity than conventional fixed-mounted systems. There are no fuel costs or emissions during operation of the power stations.

Large solar thermal power stations include the 354 megawatt (MW) Solar Energy Generating Systems power installation in the USA, Solnova Solar Power Station (Spain, 150 MW), Andasol solar power station (Spain, 100 MW), Nevada Solar One (USA, 64 MW), PS20 solar power tower (Spain, 20 MW), and the PS10 solar power tower (Spain, 11 MW). The 370 MW Ivanpah Solar Power Facility, located in California's Mojave Desert, is the world’s largest solar thermal power plant project currently under construction.

The solar thermal power industry is growing fast with 1.2 GW under construction as of April 2009 and another 13.9 GW announced globally through 2014. Spain is the epicenter of solar thermal power development with 22 projects for 1,037 MW under construction, all of which are projected to come online by the end of 2010. In the United States, 5,600 MW of solar thermal power projects have been announced. In developing countries, three World Bank projects for integrated solar thermal/combined-cycle gas-turbine power plants in Egypt, Mexico, and Morocco have been approved.

Variable renewable energy is a renewable energy source that is non-dispatchable due to its fluctuating nature, like wind power and solar power, as opposed to a controllable renewable energy source such as hydroelectricity, or biomass, or a relatively constant source such as geothermal power or run-of-the-river hydroelectricity. Critics of wind and solar power warn of their variable output, but many studies have shown that the grid can cope, and it is doing so in Denmark and Spain.

The International Energy Agency says that there has been too much focus on issue of the variability. Its significance depends on a range of factors which include the market penetration of the renewables concerned, the balance of plant, and the wider connectivity of the system, as well as demand side flexibility. Variability will rarely be a barrier to increased renewable energy deployment. But at high levels of market penetration it requires careful analysis and management.

Brazil has one of the largest renewable energy programs in the world, involving production of ethanol fuel from sugar cane, and ethanol now provides 18 percent of the country's automotive fuel. As a result, Brazil, which years ago had to import a large share of the petroleum needed for domestic consumption, recently reached complete self-sufficiency in oil.

Most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10% ethanol, and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends. Ford, DaimlerChrysler, and General Motors Corporation are among the automobile companies that sell "flexible-fuel" cars, trucks, and minivans that can use gasoline and ethanol blends ranging from pure gasoline up to 85% ethanol (E85). By mid-2006, there were approximately six million E85-compatible vehicles on U.S. roads.


Aral Sea

The Aral Sea ( (Aral tengizi), , ) was a lake in Central Asia. It is between Kazakhstan in the north and Karakalpakstan, an autonomous region of Uzbekistan, in the south.

Since the 1960s, the Aral Sea shrank. 90% of the sea has gone. The rivers that fed it (the Amu Darya and the Syr Darya) were used by the Soviet Union for irrigating cotton production. What is left of the Aral Sea is heavily polluted, largely as the result of weapons testing, industrial projects, and fertilizer runoff before and after the breakup of the Soviet Union.

There is a project to save at least the northern part of the Aral Sea. For this, a dam was built in the 1990 to stop water running off. Climate improved in the following years, and water levels rose again. However, that dam broke, and was rebuilt in 2005, with international funding.

Another problem was that Rebirth Island had been used for the testing of biological weapons until 1993. It is currently contaminated with anthrax, the plague, and tularemia. Since 2001, it is no longer an island, but a peninsula.

